THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10..
^M&r; TKN EVCK. I-move to sir too out the
whole of the first section of the bill which author-
izes the commissioners who make sale of lands to
isSue a warrant to put the purchaser in possession.
I make the motion because I believe that provision
ls-i&ii-anomalous one, without precedent. It au-
thorizes the commissioners who under the act we
passed two years ago_ make sale 6f these lands
fou .taxes, to issue their warrant to put the pur-
chaserof such lands into immediate possession.
Th<b same persons who make sale of the lands are
to is'Sue a writ of possession to put the purchaser
immediately in possession. I do not know how
it-is in all tiie States of the Union, but in some of
tftetn, and especially in my own, where a sale of
lands is made under a tax-warrant the purchaser
acquires the title, and if there is no person in pos-
session to interfere with him, he enters into pos-
session atonceand has the benefitof his purchase;
but if .a third party is upon the land claiming a
right or title to it, that matter has to be investi-
gated and adjudicated and decided upon; and it
seems to mc proper arid right that such should be
the case. So here there may be a party in pos-
session of the lands thus sold; there may be upon
tlie^e very lands thus, disposed of by these tax
commissioners third parties claiming right and
title to the lands; and yet, by the provision of
thisfirstsection, if these commissioners make sale
of the lands, they are authorized and armed with
the power to issue theirprecept and tiie purchaser
ie to be put in possession without any adjudica-
tion or hearing whatever.
It may be that under the peculiar circumstances
of the case some difficulty might arise in finding;
a'court to which to appeal for the purpose of hav-
ing the adjudication; and perhaps that is the rea-
soft why this section has been incorporated into
the bill in the shape in which it is and anomalous
as it is; but it seems*to me that although it is
highly desirable to put the purchaser in posses-
sion, cases may arise where the rights of third
parties■ might be very seriously interfered with
and impaired by doing so. That is the reason
why I move to strike out the section.
■ Mr HARRIS. Mr. President, the provisions
of this hill are asked for by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue for the purpose of perfecting the
bill already m force for the collection of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts. This section
provides that when a sale of lands or taxes in
those districts shall have been made, the com-
missioners may issue process for the purpose of
putting ihe purchaser in possession. Tins is the
object and the only object of this section of the
bill. It is deemed wi.se and indeed necessary
that tin's provision should be made. There are
UP courts in that section of the country where this
law is applicable, and it is necessary to invest the
commissioners with thi& power, or the purchaser
will not have the effect of his pin chase.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. Piesident, I concur with
the honorable Senator from NewJeiMy that this
section should be stricken out. The whole effect
of the section, as has been stated by the honor-
able Senator from New York, is to authorize the
commissioner* who sell this property on behalf
of the Government for taxes to issue a writ of
habere facias and deliver possession. 1 do not
think it has been the custom m tins or any other
country to allow the officer who makes sale of
property for taxes or for any other delinquency
to issue his writ to a marshal and have the parly
that may peaceably be in actual possession ousted.
Why, sir, do you pass this section ? JDo you not
see at once tiiat by its passage the doois are open
to fraud and collusion between the commission-
era and speculators? The property sold may not
be really liable to sale for taxes; an honest bona
fide holder of the title, a loyal citizen, may be in
possession; anil yet, through the instrumentality
perhaps of these tax commissioners and outsideis
"who connive with them, they may sell the prop-
erty as i£ u were liable to taxes; and tiieS" com-
missioners will have the right, if the bill shall
pass wii.ii this section in it, to issue a writ of
habere facias and have this honest man turned
out. Whenever the Government, either State or
national, sells properly for taxes, it should give
the purchaser his tax-deed, and if there are other
pnrtte# who have other interests, who wish to
resint that (ax-title, allow those parties to appeal
totheeouMs to settle the contending and conflict- 1
mg titles That is the only proper way to reach it. 1
[ Not only is this provision anomalous but it is
| in conflict with the principles settled in all the
J States of the Union, and it opens a wide door for
fraud and corruption. Let the commissioners
make their sales, let them give their tax-deeds;
but if other parties are in possession of the prop-
erty and refuse to relinquish the possession, let
them appeal to the courts and there test the
strength of the respective titles. That is the
only proper course of proceeding in such cases.
I hope this section will be stricken out.
Mr, SHERMAN. If this bill is likely to give
rise to much discussion, I shall feel it my duty to
move to postpone it and take up the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. POWELL. I am perfectly willing that it
shall go over.
Mr. HARRIS. Let the vote be taken. If
there is to be any further debate I will yield it.
Mr. POWELL. There will be further de-
bate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky informs us that there will be further debate
on the bill, and therefore I move to postpone it.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Let us vote on thisamend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to al-
lowing the vote to be taken if there is to be no
further debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER putthequestion
on the amendment of Mr. Ten Eyck,and declared
that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 ask for a division.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that question will
it be in order to move to postnone the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that this bill
be postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the order of the day.
The motion was agreed to.
SPECULATION IN GOLD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 306)
prohibiting speculativetiansactions in gold,silver,
or foteign exchange, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
The pending question js on the amendment of the
Senator fioin Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] to strike
out the woids "or of any foreign exchange," in
the eighth line of the first section of the amendment
reported fiom the Committee on Finance; and
upon that question the Senator from Vermont is
entitled to the floor. '' -
Mr. COLLAMER. Iam not particularly te-
nacious about that amendment. My remarks can
be made just as well in relation to the biil at large.
From what I suggested last evening, and from
what then was on my mind, I thought I should
take somewhat of a range in my remarks, more
of a latitude than I now intend to do.
Mr. President, this hill conies before us based
upon a tatter ftom the Secretary of the Treasury,
which has been leml her*1 at the desk, m which
he proposes two certain remedies for our finan-
cial difficulties. 1 understood them to be a com-
plement of each other by his letter, that the two
together constitute a unity. One is a certain bill
which he says m his letter he sent to the Finance
Committee, and which I take to be andwill treat
to be the *>ante biil which the Finance Committee
&ent over to the House, hccause they could not
entertain it, u beingabill to laise revenue  
Mr. SH ERMAjN . Roth bills were sent to each
House.
Mr. COLLAMER. The letter of the Secre-
tary seems to speak of it as a biil sent to the
Finance Committee;, but I take ic to be the same
one which has been presented in the House of
Representatives, winch bill, as presented in the
House, in its outline is this, that the banks cluu-
teied under the States shall be subject to a tax of
one fourth of one percent, a month on all their
circulation for (me year, and at the end of that
year they shall cease to have any right to issue
tor circulation at all. That is the way I have read
that bill. That is the way I understand it. The
other, which is a complement to that, is the bill
now before us to prohibit trading and traffick-
ing, or gambling, if you please, in gold. With
these two bills, if a proper biil of taxation is
passed in addition, he seems to think that the
foianc ri will flout w«dl, I hope they vviil. Certain
it is that cur condition requires it.
And here, Mr. President, I will say, in the first
place, that although it is true that some features
of our issue of paper (find 1 speak now more par-
ticularly of the legal-tcndei clause) vyere adopted
contrary to my opinion in relation to our consti-
tutional power, I have no desire to make any more
words about that at all—not that I have changed
my opinion on that subject, but, after what has
taken place, after the amount of issue that has
been made-, considering the present condition of
the country, and this being our great circulating
medium,! do notdesire to disturb it. Norwguld
I say a word at any time which,even if regarded
by anybody (and I do not know that it would be)
could by possibility have any effect in any measure
to embarrass the circulation of the present exist- •
ing issue. But nevertheless, when a question
arises as to our constitutional power to do a thing,
1 take it every man must be his own judge of
what is his duty and what is the extent of his
power as a member of this body. If he agreed
with the great majority of the body there would
be very little occasion to talk about it; but if he
should happen to differ, I think it is no occasion
of censure or ill-feeling at all, certainly it is none
with me. Let other gentlemen, the majority in
this case, entertain a different opinion in relation
to the construction of the Constitution—1 think
they are as responsible to their own consciences
as I am to mine; but I think it ill becomes either
party, if they dilFerin opinion about it, to set down
that difference of opinion to sonic bad motive or
some bad design. It was insinuated, i may say
intimated, yesterday thatanybody who attempted
in any way to embarrass this measure was col-
leaguing with the enemies of the country , and I
made my remarks in consequence of that asser-
tion or intimation.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to say a few
words in relation to the operation of this bill if
it should be passed. In the first place, I will say
that 1 think the only reliance which the Govern-
ment can have to meet its pecuniary liabilities
consists in two sources of income, and but two:
one is taxation, and the other loans. There are
no other legitimate sources whatever. All the
other devices and expedients that are resorted to
under the supposition that they may. aid them
are nothing but a repetition of the thousand cx-
peiiments which the world has tiied on the sub-
ject of currency, which always have failed and
always will. We may talk as much as we please
about having at present in this country a cur-
rency of which gold is no standard of measure.
Say what we will and do what we will, it is uttetly
impossible to avoid its being the standaid of meas-
ure, because it is the standard of the world, un-
less we do one thing, and that is, place ourselves
outside of that world. If we hold commercial
and social intercourse with mankind ut laige, who
recognize gold as the standard of value, just so
long will it be the standard of value here, Itcan-
not be otherwise. I regard this bill as an attempt
or device of that kind, well intended, all honest
enough; but the history of the world is replete
with similar experiments, all o'f which have been
universal failures.
This bill treats gold as an article of commerce
merely. It provides against the buying of it as
an article of commerce. It proposes to regulate
it, or to forbid the selling of it in a ceitain man-
ner as an article of commerce, an article of pur-
chase and sale to be paid for with our currency.
The currency is the payment, and the gold is the
article. The bill is framed on thai idea. That
idea may be practically true; butit is, after all, as
experience has proved, a failuie, and is unavoid-
ably a failure. Nobody is to blame for that. It
cannot be avoided. Devices of this kind cannot
avoid it. I am unable myself to perceive how it "
is possible that this measure could produce any
essential effect. I may be obtuse in my percep-
tions about it. I may not have the material for
forming an opinion, even if I was competent to
form one, on the subject; but I am not deposed
to make an issue with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury about that. His opinion may be better than
mine; but I cannot see how this bill will produce
any beneficial results.
The truth is, the pioposition goes upon a wrong
theory m another respect. It assumes that these
people gamble, if you please, in gold, and by so
doing cieate fluctuations in its price. That is an
entire perversion of thefactand truth. Gold does
