38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
38tii Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Confiscated, Property—Mr. Sweat.
Ho. of Rups.
of the people's rights and the true spirit of liberty, ;
from which in the future may be reared the fabric
of the nation's salvation. With reference, there-
fore, to what may be saved by prudent legislation,
itbecomes notonlythe nghtbuttheduty of every
man to act with earnestness upon the great mat-
ter of respecting the Constitution and the laws
of the land, of crushing.speedily and forever the
armed rebellion and saving the Union.
Before touching directly upon the question
under consideration, I may be excused for a pass-
ing word upon the opening remarks of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] I propose
to treat them of course with fairness, but at the
same time with entire freedom of expression as
to the vjcws I entertain of them.
That I may not be misunderstood, and that the
gentleman shall not be misunderstood,either now
or in the future, here or elsewhere, i call the at-
tention of the House to his exact language which
he has spread abroad, and for which, I presume,
he is ready at all times to be answerable. He
says:
" With whatever pleasure the gentlemen upon this side
of the House may have heard the very novel declaration of"
tuc sjentlermui from Ohio that lie contemplated suppoiting
in all propei measures the Administration In (lie pinsccu-
non of tin; war and the suppression of the rebellion, it is,
perhaps, loitunnte That the result of the political elections
m the cenual slave States has placed the. Administration
beyond the necessity of relying upon his bupport. Weie
it not >o.! incline to think that the kind of feuppoit the Ad-
ministration would receive trom the great majority of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House was indicated early in
the session in that resolution proposed by a gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] winch pronounccd
thb< an inhuman war."
Now, did he mean to characterize the political
tone or temper of this side of the House trom the
vote which was given against laying that resolu-
tion on the table? What was the resolution of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
WooD'j It embraced the. idea that it was politic,
expedient, and wise for this Government to send
commissioners to treat with theVebel authorities
afRichmond, and this was the only object of the
resolution. But the point of offense in it with
l he gentleman [Mr. Davis] seems to be that it con-
mined the words u inhuman war," and on this he
piedieates what would be our action in all mat-
ters pertaining to the war or the support of the
Administration, and this, too, when he has had
several opportunities to know the sentiment of
this side of the House by their votes directly on
the merits of other resolutions touching the pros-
ecution of the war.
The gentleman has hod expciience enough in
legislative bodies to know that voting against
laying a resolution on the table is not necessarily
agreeing with the sentiments contained in if. If
that resolution had been permitted to come hefoie
the House there would have been a direct vote on
its merits, and then the gentleman would have
known our views.
Bui the gentleman [Mr. Davis] goes on furthei
to My, as follows:
" For luvself, sir, ret> ins? on the fact that the people have
V'ot i'ncughof ih heie for the purpose of supporting the Ad-
ministration, I would Hippest that perhaps gentlemen on the
oihei side: of the House had juct as well execute the mis-
sion with which the constituent that elected them sent
them here, chained to oppose, to embarrass, to libel.ami to
bteak down ihe Administration, and leave the support of it
t<> the gentlemen whom the people have sent heie to inain-
; mi it With all due tespeet to the patnotic purpose-, the
wr nent ability of the gentlemen on the other sale, when
they tendei support I .-hall look at it with something ot sus-
picion. and, for myself, shall say, k Non tuli auxilio)ncrd<,- :
Jcntoribits istw.'5'
I take it that he understands the meaning of the I
language which he thus uttered fearlessly before ,
this House. He is accustomed to speaking, and !
therefore understood the full force and eiFecfof it. ;
IIo charges not only that we embarrass the Ad- :
ministration, but that our constituents septus heie ;
for that purpose—to oppose, to embarrass, to h- i
and to break down the Administration. Ah ! i
iV fins the *pinf With which gentlemen extend to
us the light hand of fellowship when we come
ln.ro and say to them in all honesty that we are >
for supporting the Administration in every act ;
that is consistent with the character of a Christian !
and civilized country in putting down this in fa- ,
mous rebellion? I wish the gentleman to con- 1
suler his words. Is that the meaning, was that®
the purpose, that the 230,000 consetvative Demo-
ciauc vcterr, in PentiKvlvania had in sending; rep-
resentatives to this House ? Was that the spirit
or purpose for which 285,000 voters in New York,
255,000 in Pennsylvania, 385,000 in Ohio, and
5i,000 voters in the State which 1 in part repre-
sent here, sent their representatives to this House ?
By what authority, let me ask the gentleman from
Maryland, does he say that he does not need our
aid? Is he the special agent or attorney of the
President, and is he authorized to come here and
tell us that the President does not need our aid ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Maine that the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Dayis] is not in his
seat.
Mr. SWEAT. It is not my fault. I wish ihm
he were in his seat, for I would wish him to have
dn opportunity of answering me.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. Then I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Maine that he with-
hold his remarks nnl il the gentleman from Mary-
land shall be in Ins seat.
Mr. SWEAT. It is the duly of gentlemen
who make such chaiges on this floor as the gen-
tleman from Maryland made to be in his seat at
all times while the House is in session, and es-
pecially on the (lays immediately succeeding his
attack; for lie must know that if we have any
manhood, any truth, any self-respect on this side
of the House, we should improve the first oppor-
tunity to repel and thrust back such charges in
his teeth, and call upon him to answer.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope our friends on this
side of the House will not object, but let the gen-
tleman from Maine continue his attack on an ab-
sent member.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made the
remark to show to the country that the gentle-
man from Maryland was not in his seat when the
gentleman from Maine made the attack upon him.
Mr. COX. J call the gentl email from Illinois
to oi dei-.
Mr. SWEAT. The gauntlet has been ihrown
down by a gentleman on that side of the House
for the first time. The charge is that wo are at-
tempting to embarrass the Administration, and
that we came here for that purpose. I say here,
before my God and before all men who can
hear or read what I say, that the purpose of my
heait, the purpose of my constituents, so far a'.s
I know anything about it, is not to embarrass
but honestly to aid the Administration inputting
down this unholy and wicked lebeiiion. Have
we shown any such disposition on this tlooi ?
Did we make any factious organization when we
came here5 Wcdid notoiganize on the nomina-
tion of a Speaker. Does t hat look like an attempt
toembairasH the Administration > You will recol-
lect a resolution otfered here at a very eaily day
oftin.s Ke.sbion, for which we unanimously voted,
save one gentleman fiom Maryland. That reso-
lution pledged us to aid the Government by fur-
nishing men and money to an unlimited extent
for the purpose of putting down this rebellion, and
declared that it was the duty of the people to doit.
Did the gentleman, when he made that chatge
upon us, remember what we had done? If he did,
it is well that we should know, at this early stage,
the feeling which actuates that genth man, but
which i hope does not actuate many gentlemen
on that side ot the House. I feel moie sensitive
in regard to the charges against my constituents,
and more obliged to speak for them, than 1 do for
myself. Examine, if'you please, the rolls of your
Army, and see if you do not find that a large ma-
jority of the men who are fighting the battles of
the country represent and are of just such mate-
rial as those against whom the gentleman's charges
are made. If the gentleman from Maryland could
place his ear to the bloody graves of the dead of
Chiekamauga, Chickahominy, Vicksburg, Port
Hudson, of ihePeninsula, Antietam, Gettysburg-,
and all the other battle-grounds of the Republic,
he would hear a voice coming from them savin**
that they were just such men as those who have
sent these conservative and Democratic members
to the Congress of the nation, and who are now
maligned by the gentleman from Maryland as
having been sent here especially for the'purpose
of libeling and embarrassing the Administration.
Does the gentleman, or any other member from
Maryland, recollect the 19 th of April, 1861? What
city and what people have the honor of having
made that day forever memorable? Baltimore and
her people. On the streets of what city of tins
Union was the first blood shed in this war—the
blood of men who had started with stout hea«ts
and strong arms to defend the people, enforce the
laws, and guard the Constitution ? It was on the
streets of Baltimore, Maryland, one district of
which is represented on this floor by the gentle-
man, [Mr. Davis.] I will say to that gentleman
and to his friends that he comes from the wrong
latitude to make any such charges against us as
he has made here. And, if I am correctly in-
formed, if there had been a free, unbiased, un-
controlled vote in the fouith district of Maryland,
we might have had another member on this side
of the House to embarrass the Government in the
way he charges us, instead of the distinguished
gentleman from Maryland.
I say, therefore, in conclusion, that the whole
style, matter, and manner of his introductory re-
marks failed by a great deal to impress me with
the belief that he brings with him to the councils
of the nation that degree offorbearance, brotherly
love, Christian feeling, or statesmanship, which
are demanded in these pciilous and distracted
times.
Now, sir, with this preliminary reply to the in-
troductory remarks of thegentleman fiem Mary-
land—which 1 certainly should have omitted had I
not considered his charge upon us and upon our
constituents, who are unable to reply save through
us, as wanton, unprovoked, and inexcusable—i
propose to examine the question now before the
House.
In order that we may understand precisely the
question before the House, I will lead a poition
of the joint lesolution of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on tha Judiciary, and also the resolution
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] as an amendment. The joint res-
olution is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate aiul Howe of Representatives of
the United States of Jhnaica in Congress assembled, Th. i
the last clause of a " joint resolution expl.111.uor3 61 - An
act to suppress msunectlon, to punish treason and i< hel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the pioperiy of teh-'K n.ici 101
other puipos.es,'   apptoved July 17, 1862, bo, and iho -ame
heieby is, so amend> d as to lead : '• Nor shall am pnm.-h-
ment or proceeding under said act be f o const!tied as to
work a foifeitme oi the estate of the otlender, excp? dur-
ing Ins life." This amendment being intended to liniittlie
opeiation and eftoctot (ho said resolution and act, and the
same are hereby limited, only &o far as to make them con-
foinialjic to section tlnec, of aitiele thiee,ot the Constitu-
tion of the United States: Provided, That no othei pubho
warning or proclamation under the act of July 17. ISfoJ,
chapter ninety live, section six, h, ot shall be, required
than the proclamation of the President made and published
by him on the xidth day of Julv, lbb2, which proclamation
so made shall be received and held sufficient in all ea^es
now pending, or which may heieaUer aiise nndei said act.
And the following is the proposed amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania:
ilcsofrer/,^*, That the joint resolution passed on Julv 17,
18l5*<J, entitled "joint resolution explanatory of <An act to
tSiippre^ insiiuection.,5" &c., be? and the same is heiebj,
icpealed.
To ascertain the effect of the passage of this res-
olution we must bear in mind what the confisca-
tion act of July 17, 1862, is, and also what the
joint resolution of the same date j«, which this
resolution now before us proposes to reneal, Not
to take time to read all of the confiscation act of
18G2, 1 will only say that under and by \irtue
thereof the President is authorized to cause the
seizure of the estate of rebel officers, of the pres-
ident and other officers of the so-called confederate
States, of the governor of any of the said States,
and of other persons holding offices of honor or
trust; and under that act the courts have power to
make such orders, establish such forms of decree
and sale, and direct such deeds and conveyances
to be executed and delivered where real estate
shall be the subject of sale, as shall vest in the
purchasers good and valid titles thereto. And the
joint resolution of the same date, approved at the
same time, and which is in fact a part of the con-
fiscation act, and which the President insisted,
should be passed before he would approve the act,
is as follows:
" Resolved,^c., That the provisions of the third clause of
the fifth section of 'An act to suppress insmreetion. to pun-
ish tiea^on and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the prop-
erty of rebels, and tor other purposes,' shall be so eons uuo i
as not to apply to any act or acts done prior to tiie passage
thefeof; nor to include any member of a State Legislature,
or judge of any fckate court, who ha? not in accepting or
