2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juno 1,
Ing out ihe inenacc or fear of indictment to those who were
enrolled disloyal and attempted to vote. After the making
of tlus speech I was conversed with bysoveiai persons, at
different times, as to the l ight of sympathizer to vote. A
number agreed With Governor King, and one of the militia,
belonging to a company stationed at Ilaiue.sville, was very
earnest in his declaration that King hud stated the law cor-
rectly,and that such sympathizers ought not to be allowed
to vote, and would not be allowed to vote. In the enroll-
ment of the county, as a general rule, every man whose
sympathies were regarded as being with the South was en-
tered on, the so-called disloyal list, although protesting his
loyalty to the Government of the United States."
In other words, the enrolling officers followed
out the imperative direction of the Order No. 24,
and would not permit those who had at anytime
sympathized with the rebellion to nerve in the
State militia, although protesting that they were
then loyal to the Government of the United States.
Yes, sir; then loyal—then willing and anxious
to be enrolled on the fighting list, instead of the
subsistence list—even then willing to take the
soldier's oath of loyalty, as well as subsequently,
at the election, to take the voter's oath of loyalty,
but overawed to feel that the only way to avoid
the menaced indictments of their judge svns not
to vote against that judge for Congress.
Wliile upon this point 1 will come presently to
even stronger depositions than the one I have just
recited—showing at once the judicial overreach-
ing and the judicial insincerity by which the sit-
ting member dishonoring! y terrorized himself into
the seat he has so long contrived to occupy among
you. 1 will for the present resume my classifica-
tion by counties, to the end that each member of
the liousc can decide for himself, county by
county,as I pass along, upon the validity of such
an election as the one here in controvor«y.
Going back, therefore, to the county of the sit-
ting member, it will be seen from the deposition,
at page 17, that in a public speech which he de-
livered at ilusselvillc, shortly before the election,
he stood forth in the judicial and military panoply
with which he was invested to exasperate the sol-
diery to the outlawry of his competitor for Con-
gress, whom ho denounced as being 4< as grand  
traitor as Jeff. Davis ever was," and dedmed,
in continuation, that any man who voted for him
ought to be placed upon the disloyal li.st!" The
witness thua continues:
"At that point of hi>s Kpueeh, Lieutenant (or Adjutant)
Heuny, who was upon the stand with Inm, ui full umtorin,
iind who was also irc<>«tuzed as an assisting em oiling olh-
eer, ro&c from hU went, waved hU liai above Iih head and
proclaimed aloud, Ye<*, Governor, and 1 will place or see
lo it that eveiy man is placed upon the disloyal h^i who
does vote for him,' oi words to dint eiieet. I led the
speaking shortly utter this, andjioin conversation* with
and among the people dneetly uf tot wards, bee.tine satisfied
that such a speech from the judge ot the court, accompa-
nied by such u threat from a high military ntlieer, would
opeuue very much to the disadvantage of Birch hi the
election, and it did so. Koine who 1 knew had intended
to vote tor Birch, before listening to the speech and the
menace, changed their purpose and finally voted for King
or Samuel, under the fear with which they acknowledged
that the speech of the judge and the threat of the adjutant
had inspired them, with respect to their personal *atety
audthatof theh property if they voted for Birch, whilst
others, as I understood and believe, did not vote at all.
Having been at the election in my township, (which if one
of the heaviest in the county.) and mingled as usual In
conversation with my acquaintances, I have no hesitation
in expressing the opinion that Bueh would have i*otbcn at
least twice as many votes as he did if it had not beiu that
the people were intimidated and ov ciawed by the speeches
of the "judge and the threats of the military, who were un-
derstood to be hi* partisan* ; and J. concut in the opinion
I have heard lepeatedly expiessed by vvell-intoiined citi-
zens in ditferent parts of the county, that if the election
had been an untiammeled or a fieeone Birch would have
earned the county."
Throwing out in this connection (as I have al-
ready intimated) the consideration of another de-
position concurring with the foregoing, it appears
from still another deposition, (at page 40,) that
in this county, as in others, its military oigani-
zation and police was in the hands of the parti-
sans of the sitting member; and it is expressly
testified to by the colonel of his home regiment that
"it was understood and expected that such and
similar means (as those above recited) would
avail to bring about such an ultimate influence,
by intimidation, as to pieveut Bitch from curry-
ing the county.*' Observe, gentlemen, I am j
quoting the reluctant admissions of a witness who !
had been the neighbor, the friend, and the parti- i
san supporter %f the sitting member; and I re- I
spectfully demand of you, upon your*oaths and '
your honor, as judges and as Representatives, i
whether a certificate of election thus conspired for j
and thus ignobly won shall longer entitle its !
possessor to claim among you the immunities of
an equal or a peer? Am I replied to that this is
but a single county, and that the majority of 493
which he there obtained by means so lawless and
dishonoring should alone be deducted from the
poll of the sitting member? I answer, not merely
that the same will presently be proven in respect
to other counties, but that by reference to the tes-
timony of the same regimental commander it will
appear that a similar reliance upon the workings
and effect of military intimidation was enter-
tained in respect to the district at largo, and that
the sitting member received as many votes as he
had at any time calculated upon, and more than
it had been thought would suffice to elect him!
That I may avoid all risk of injustice in respect
to a point so delicate and conclusive, the testi-
mony of the witness in this regard will be here
recited at length, from page 8, as follows:
" 1 was colonel of the emolled Missouri militia of Itay
county duung the canvass for Congress in the year
Judge Austin A. King was aid-de-camp to the (Jovernor
and an assistant inspector genera), and as sticli, in cotntre-
tion with Ins position as a lawyer am! a jwdge, was but
naturally listened to with eonsudetation and defetence in
respect to the military operations of the time-. My recol-
lection that all the principal orders that were is-uedftoni
my hcadquaiteis, in lespectto .subsistence, asse-sinents,
emoilmeuts, &c.,' had at least hi* ready and entire concur-
rence ; and being here expressly inteirogatcd a- to wIlpther
bis whole coutse of public speaking, and his less public
suggestions and conversations, in lespectto the right ot
voting in my county, was not apparently designed and cal-
culated to oveiawe that class of voters who had been en-
i oiled, under Order No. 24, on what was called the sympa-
thizing oi dthloyal list, and cithct constant ihwm to nlii-
niateiy change then vote* against then free will or to abstain
fiom voting at all, a reijajd foi tiuth admits of no other ie-.
ply than that it was. I heard Lieutenant fieimy, wiiowas
employed as mi assistant < moiling oflicer, and who was
known and recognized as a suppotter ot Governor Kmg,
(as 1 then was.) declare openly and repeatedly that any
man who voted tor Birch ought to be enrolled on the dis-
loyal li*t, and otherwise dealt with as a disloyalist; and it
cannot be denied that it was understood and expected that
such and Mtnihu means would avail to brim; aboutsiich an
ultimate Influence ovei ihu people, as, by intimidation, to
pieveut l iteh hom e;niyin« the count) , wiueh his lm mis
at one time expected lie would do.
•• A - miliar teliance was nbo entettamed jit jegaid to the
di-tu< I at laige. Kunn o\previous i heaid lioin Govrj not
Kin;:, hom time to time duimgthe canvass, and p.nticti
j;u ly fi om a icinaik which he made when the returns weie
leoeived, (in whh h he claimed that all the loyal men of
the district voted for him,) I am confident he received as
manv votes as he had at any tunc calculated upon, and even
tmnc than it had been thought would snlllcc to'elect him.
It is deemed but just to myself, and to both the parties
hetein concerned, to add that fiom the political course oi
the Governor since the election, L am as much opposed to
bun now as I was once m favor of him ; and that such,
within my own knowledge, is the feeling of a large pio-
poition of those who most prominently and earnestly sup-
posed him in the canvass of I8t>2, and whom he then af
tech d to regaid aa the unly true Union men of the distiict.
I need scaicely disclaim the exert lse of any undue favor-
itism (as I then looked at it) nt the election icfeircd to, oi
withhold the opinion that it was the apprehension of mil-
itary punishment instead of any real dnmjei, which had the
effect of oveiawitig such poitionof thesupporteta of Judge
Birch as ultimately gave way before it."
So much for the county of Ray, the home of
Ihe sitting member, to which 1 have given prece-
dence in the arrangement and classification of my
testimony simply because it was his home, and
as such would be but naturally looked to as de-
noting the plan of the campaign, and furnishing
" the key-note" upon which his partisans were
to act throughout the district.
Passing next to the county of Carroll, over
which he also continued to preside as judge, and
where the opinion is likewise intelligently ex-
pressed in the testimony that a majority of the
electors were in favor of the contestant for Con-
gress, as they had been at the previous election
between the same candidates for the convention,
the testimony will at once dishononngly and
vitiatingly disclose why it was that the contestant
received but seven votes for the seat here in con-
test, leaving to the sitting member a majority of
625 of those which were permitted to be polled!
It will be seen upon page 11 that when 1 was
about half through the speech I was addressing
to the electors assembled in the court-house, I was
peremptorily foibidden to proceed further in it by
the military commandant of the post, who was a
partisan supporter of the sitting member, and by
whom I was also forbidden to even attempt to fill
my three remaining appointments in other por-
tions of that comity. (Submitting parentheti-
cally to the lepresentative honor and manhood I
am privileged to address, whether there is even
one of you who would consent to the absolute
ignominy of occupying a seat here upon a certifi-
cate which had been won in overawing repression
of the elective good will of his people m conspir-
ingly preventing his competitor fiom assigning
before them the reasons why he would suppoi t or
oppose particularpublic measures just as you all
do here, the additional outrages under consider-
ation will be resumed from the record.) On the
day following a public meeting seems to have
been held, the leading members in the organiza-
tion of which are proven to have been then the
military partisans of the sitting member, and to
have included the sheriff of his court and the sub-
sequent foreman of his grand jury! At this im-
provised meeting, it will suffice to recapitulate
from the proceedings (pages 11 and 32) that,after
specifically indorsing the congressional candidacy
of the sitting member, and bestowing a cm re-
spondent approval upon the previous day's sup-
pression of all further discussion of the issues
involved m the canvass, they no less lawlessly
announce their edict against a free election in
these words:
"Resolved, That wc recognize in bald Birch a decided
secessionist, aiui shall for all purposes tieat his suppoi teis
as secessionist*."
For a purpose which will presently become
apparent it is proper to recite in this plaee, from
page 11 of the printed testimony, the names of the
officeis and " spokesman " of this meeting, as fol-
lows: chaiinian, William Stnnard ; secretary and
speech-maker, George Pattison •, committee-men,
Samuel Win.frey, Samuel Turner, 0. .T Knby,
James Minnis, Levi Shin, James O'Gorman, and
David Utt. To the basely slanderous outlawry
thus publicly proclaimed ngaiust my friends and
myself, as well as to the kindred fulminanons in
the public speech of the sitting member in his own
county, it is my good fortune to lefer, in refuta-
tion,to the entire record of our controvetsy here,
including, of course, my cross-examination of his
own witnesses. From that recoid it will be aeeti
that the imputations upon my loyalty have no
other support than the mere calumnious asser-
tions of the silting member and his then military
partisans, and these will of course no more be
confounded with the testimony heie than they
were in the committee-room. U will hence, ot
course, suffice to demonstrate that such proceed-
ings, earned forward under auspices which de-
noted at least a judicial immunity, had but the
natuial effect they were designed to httve, aa test-
ified to by the commandant of his own county
regiment not only in regard to that county buL to
the district at large. To assume nothing, there-
fore, as to the number who weie influenced by
such a process of intimidation to change iheir
votes, it will be seen by a comparison of the con-
gressional with the presidential vote of tlus coun-
ty, that there was a falling off of nearly one half,
and that in a community wheie less than two
years previously I had been honored with a ma-
jority of 80 votes against Inm, when he was not
an aid-de-eamp or a judge, tie did not scmple
to so prostitute these high official stations as, by
the inspiration of an official terrorism, to essay
the distinction which he here enjoys, and which
he had been premonished would be differently
bestowed by confidence and good will! Lest,
however, the extremity to which he may feel
himself reduced should suggest the leading of the
unsuppoited calumnies of this mob assemblage
of his military partisans at Carrollton as a justi-
fication for fcbe lawlessness with which they fore-
shadowed the terrorism they inspired, it is deemed
at least pardonable to recite from the recoid the
testimony of the senators andrepresentatives who
heard my cunent speeches in the adjoining coun-
ties, which is as follows:
" We heard the speeches delivcted by Judge Birch m oar
respective counties during bis? canvass tor Congicss. fjonie
of us so Jar concur! ed in.hU sentiments and opinions as to
support his election, while otheis ot suppoited one of
the othei candidates. We concur, however, that thete
was nothing in his uttetunce- oi sentiments which we ie-
garderi either at, disloyal to the Government of the United
States, or as transcending the legiiimate langeof discii-
«uun involved in the canvas? he wn- then pioseeuting tin
u seat in L'ongie^s."
This joint deposition having been taken at th*1
capital of Missouri during the session of ns Le-
gislature, and including, among others, the names
ol the senators and reprosentati ves from the county
of the sitting member—and there being no testi-
mony in the record that the contestant spoke
otherwise m his canvass than the sitting member
has voted here—will it not obtrude itself upon the
