1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
straiter than the one he is pursuing. I believe
that he and his Cabinet are doing what they un-
derstand to be for the best. If I believed what
I have heard coming from his friends on this floor
in relation to him a,nd his Cabinet I should think
the sooner we got rid of the whole of them the
better for the country. But I suggest the mistake
arises from the very fact of their not getting to-
gether and deciding for themselves in joint coun-
cil what is the best policy to be pursued. The
President is entitled not only to the advice of each
individual member of his Cabinet, but he is enti-
tled to the advice of every member, not given
separately to him, because he does not hear what
are the opinions of the other members. He may
not be as well informed as the other members of
the Cabinet, arid the collective wisdom may be a
great deal better than the wisdom of any one
member of the Cabinet. We have been going on
in this way, I fear, from time to time ever since
this Administration came into office, not from
any practice that they thought would lead to any
bad result, but from the fact that the antecedent
usage has been departed from. I speak from
some personal knowledge of what the usage has
been, and I will be confirmed in that by my friend,
the honorable member from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer.] Nothing was ever done during the
Administration of General Taylor without the
knowledge and approval or disapproval in part, if
anybody disapproved, of every member of the
Cabinet.
Now the Secretary of the Treasury, who ought
to be advised of what are to be the demands on
his Department, cannot, in the nature of things,
know what they are to be unless the Secretary
of War tells him, or the President tells him, " It
is probable we shall call for some two or three
hundred thousand men." But as I understand
it, according to their practice, and according (o
their practice it must be so, the President determ-
ines to make a call for some two hundred thou-
sand men without consulting the Secretary of
the Treasury, or without consulting anybody but
the Secretary of War. The call is made, and
the attention of the Secretary of the Treasury is
first called to it by seeing in the gazettes of the
day a proclamation from the President calling for
five hundied thousand more men. He sees what
'the trouble is to bein his Department-, he sees, or
may fancy that he sees, almost bankruptcy. It
is enough to run the man mad. That would be
bad in itself to those who know him; but it is
enough to run the country mad, as I think.
I hope, therefore, that more potential voices
than I can claim for my voice will inculcate upon
the President, and upon every member of the
Cabinet, but especially upon the President, that
it is important he should on ail these occasions
take the advice of his Cabinet; and if he cannot
get a united Cabinet, if there is a difFerenceamong
them which cannot be reconciled, if there are any
personal animosities among them, let him get rid
of them, and get men who can agree.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to finish this bill to-night. I think we can do it
now. The debate is almost concluded.
Mr. WILSON. At the request of the chairman
of the committee I most willingly withdraw my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is on agreeing to the motion proposed by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, who was compelled
necessarily to leave the Senate a few minutes ago,
desired me to offer this amendment—an amend-
ment which he was instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to propose to this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to make a motion in
relation to adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot make it un-
til this bill is finished.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will depend on
whether wc finish this bill to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theamendment
proposed by the Senator from Indiana will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after line seventy of the bill the following:
That the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the Interior
shall Hereafter be the same as that of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Navy; and the sum of $500, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated tor the pay-
ment of such salaiy'for the remainder of the current fiscal
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it had not been for the
suggestion of the Senator I was just going to say
that I presumed no Senator would object to this
amendment. It places the First Assistant Sec-
retary of the Interior, in respect to his salary,
precisely in the same position as the principal
assistant in the other Departments. Why shall
it not be so? Will the Senator from Maine, or
any other Senator, say that the Secretary of the
Interior ought to have a less salary than the Sec-
retary of any other Department? If the rule ought
to apply to a Secretary—and they ought all to be
equals in respect to salary—ought not the First
Assistant Secretary of the Interior to be equal in
respect to his salary to the First Assistant Secre-
tary of any other Department? It seems to me
the announcement of the proposition is sufficient
without argument.
I need not speak of the Assistant Secretary of
the Interior. He is known to all Senatois. He
brings to that important position very substantial
abilities and very highly accomplished attain-
ments; and 1 hope this amendment will be adopted.
It is right and fair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not fa-
miliar with the pievious legislation on this sub-
ject, I think. There are but two of the Assistant
Secretaries who receive more three thousand dol-
lars: one is the Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
and the other the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I regret very much myself that the salary
of either of them was raised, because it has led
us into verygreatdifficulties. At the last session
of Congress a proposition passed the House of
Representatives to increase the salary of the As-
sistant Secretary of State to $4,000. We rejected
it in the Senate. The Committee on Finance re-
ported against it. The reason was that as soon
as that bill was introduced propositions came in
from all theother Departments pretty much,from
the Department of the Interior and from the Post
Office; that is to say, from the Assistant Post-
masters General, and from all except the Assistant
Secretary of War. The Assistant Secretary of
War has an infinitely harder place than the As-
sistant Secretary of the Interior, and he receives
but $3,000. We have made another Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury in this bill, and we
have fixed his salary at §3,000. We struck out
$4,000, as it stood in the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives. Senators must be
aware that the moment they extend this matter
any further they must necessarily increase the
salaries of the whole of these Assistant Secietaries.
It is but very recently that there was any As-
sistant Secretary of the Interior at ail. The bill
creating that office was passed a few years ago.
I think it is since this Administration came into
power that we made an Assistant Secretary of the
Interior. There never had been one before. They
got along without it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What necessity is theie
now for the office?
Mi\ FESSENDEN. That is a question that
is gone by. ButtheSecretary of the Interior ap-
plied for an assistant. lie gave his reasons for
it. They were thought sufficient. Wc gave him
an Assistant Secietary and the salary he asked
for him. The present Secretary of the Interior
took the office of Assistant Secietary under the
then Secretary. Everybody knows that there is
notanything like the businessni that Department
now that there has been heretofoic. Ithas fallen
off very much in the Patent Office, very much in
the Land Office, although it Las increased very
considerably in the Pension Office. But since this
Administration came in we have given them a new
officer, and now the new officer comes in and
claims to have his salary raised on account of the
labor.
I have as much respect for that officer individ-
ually as I have for any of the Assistant Secreta-
ries. He is a man of ability, a man of integrity,
and I dare say a most estimable gentleman; but
there is no reason why weshould raise his salary
in particular; or at least there is less reason -for
raising his salary than that of almost any other
Assistant Secretary in the Government;, for while,
the business of the other Departments has very
largely increased the business of that Department
as a whole has not increased at all. As 1 said
before, we made him, or rather his predecessor,^
who is now the Secretary of the Interior, Assist-
ant Secretary when there was no assistant be--
fore in that office. Why sifciquld we, raise his "
salary now and bring upon ourselves the neces-
sity of increasing the salaries of all the Assistant
Postmasters General ami of alt the other assist-
ants in the different Departments? As I s,atd.be-
fore, we made amistake,in my judgment; in ever
raising the salary of any of the assistants from
$3,000 in the first instance; but we stopped at the
last session on a full discussion of the matter,-
and I hope we shall adhere to our determination
as then expressed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My understanding^ that
the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, of the Treas-
ury, and of War, get $4,000 each.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Assistant Secretary
of War has but $3,000; and the business of that
Department is infinitely larger than that of the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. HENDRICKS. "The Second Assistant
Secretary of War gets but $3,GQ0; but my under-
standing is that the First Assistant gejs $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He gets but $3,000, and
more than that, he said he would resign if we
raised his salary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not anticipate that
there would be any hostility to a proposition
which seemed so entirely fair as this. As oppo-
sition shows itself, if the bill is not likely to pass
to-night, and the amendment can be proposed on
Monday morning, I will withdraw it until the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands is in
his seat, because I desire his assistance. I do not
want this proposition to be defeated. Before-1
take my seat I desire to say that the Committee
on Public Lands felt it proper to present this
amendment for the reason that among their other
duties is found the duty of revising all the opera-
tions of the General Land Office. 1 will withdraw
the amendment for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being withdrawn, I
wish to suggest an amendment, to strike out
lines sixty-eight,sixty-nine,and seventy, on page
4 of the bill, m the following words:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Arizona and
the clerks in his office, $4,230.
Now, sir, when the bill to create the Territory
of Arizona was under consideration I opposed its
passage. I did not think there wasany necessity
for any such Territory there; and among other
reasons which I gave was that it was incurring an
unnecessary expense for the salary of Governois
and judges and surveyors and other officials.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
I remember—I think it was he—replied to me
that these officers were not to be paid until they
entered upon the discharge of their duties down
in Arizona. I know I made the point that the
officers could not go there, and that it would be
incurring an expense for nothing. I was an-
swered and it was put in the bill that they should
have no pay, and here it is in the law:
" No salaries shall he due or paid to the officers created
by tin3 au until they have onteied on the duties of tbeir
lespective ofliees within the said Territory."'
I want to know from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance if this surveyor general and his
clerks have ever been there at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess my inability
to answer the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope he will con-
sent to strike it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I find the estimate coming
from the Interior Department. There are four
items coming from the Interior Department.
Three of them were stricken out. We have left
the fourth, thinking as the law provided for these
officers it was well enough to make an appropri-
ation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the law provided that
they should not be paid unless they had been
there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These appropriations all
came from the House; and I confess that having
cxcrciscd the pruning-knifo so strongly, cutting
off three fourths, three out of the four items,!
