1864.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong. ... 1st 'Sess.
Confiscated Property—Mr. Sweat.
Ho. or Beps.
entering upon his office taken an oath to support the con-
stitution ot'the so-called 'confederate State*of Ameiica
nor shall any punishment or proceedings under said act he so
construed as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of the of-
fender beyond his natural life."
The proposition now before the. House is sub-
stantially the repeal of the resolution which I have
just read. If it stands on the statute-book it mat-
ters nut which of the twoconstructions of the Con-
stitution is coirect which says: " No attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeit-
ure, except during the life of the person attainted5'
—whether the forfeiture is limited to the life of the
offender or whether it operates after his death, for
you will perceive that the language of the joint reso-
lution which the President insisted should be pass-
ed before he would approve the bill, is so definite,
so clear and precise, as to settle the question for-
ever. " Nor shall any punishment or proceed-
ings under said act be so constiued as to woik a
forfeiture of the real estate of the offender beyond
his natural life." The word beyond fixes the limit-
ation with corfipletecertainty. This is undoubt-
edly the meaning of the words in the Constitution.
The President so understood it, and so did both
Houses of Congress.
Two theories are put forth as to the cffect of the
repeal of this joint resolution. One sustained in
common by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Ortii] and the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis,] the other especially advocated by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] The first
theory is, that after the repeal of the joint resolu-
tion there will be no constitutional objection to so
enforcing the confiscation act as to take and dis-
pose of the real estate In fee—working absolute
forfeiture thereof and forever, for it is contended
that the true construction of the Constitution is
not to limit the forfeiture to the life of the offender,
while on the other hand I understood the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] in his addi-
tional theory which healoneadvocaies,to say that
admitting the Constitution limits forfeiture to the
life of the attainted, there is another " due process
of iasv," such as that designated in the confisca-
tion act, by which the estate of the rebels may be
taken in fee, and theiefore he asks for a change of
the law by repealing the joint resolution which
now positively forbids forfeiture beyond the life
of the offender fur any of the causes set forth in
said act.
I propose for a few minutes to examine these
two theories, equally unsound, unheard-of, fal-
lacious, insidious, and revolutionary, and also
to answer the question of the chairman of"the
Committee of Ways and Moans [Mr. Stevens]
pit to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] dur-
ing the running debate last week, and which per-
haps was not fully and directly answered at the
time. Pie said:
'•The Constitution provides that Congress shall have
power to declare the. punishment of treason; but no attain-
der of treason shall work corruption of blood or foifeiture.
Now, has not Congress power to punish other than by at-
tainder, and if that other punishment is the forteituie of
estate, does it violate the fu&t clause of the Constitution?"
In answer to this I reply that it is undoubtedly
the prerogative of Congress to define all crimes
and offenses against law, and to attach such pen-
alties, not repugnant to the Constitution, as be-
come an enlightened, moral, and Christian people;
hut when the Constitution affixes limits to any
particular mode or form of punishment Congress
has no power to step over that boundary and en-
large or extend that particular method of punish-
ment, although they may prescribe other and dif-
ferent penal ties not forbidden by the Constitution.
For example, the Constitution says:
<• The Congress shall have power to declare the punish-
ment of ticason 5 but no attainder of tieason shall work cor-
rapiion of blood or foifeiture, except during the hie of the
person attainted."
Now, under this authority, Congress has de-
clared the punishmcntof treason to be death; and
though not limited to affixing the death penalty,
nor prevented from declaring any other punish-
ment cxcept forfeiture of estate absolutely, it may
be ofsome importance in showingthe view ofevery
Congress up to that of 1863, that upon examina-
tion of the Statutes at Large you will find no other
penalty affixed to that crime from the first enact-
ment of 1790 to the present hour, except it be un-
der the confiscation law of July, 1862.
I say, therefore, that Congress may punish
treason by death, or by fine and death,or in any
other way not limited or forbidden by the Con-
stitution, but they cannot affix as. a penalty the
foi feiture of real estate of the offender beyond his
life, for the plain reason that the Constitution
limits that mode of punishment. Why, it is asked,
this limitation? The importance of it was learned
from the bitter lessons of the war for American
independence.
In the words of a member of the last Congress,
(Mr. Thomas,)—
" The strife and hate growing out of the confiscations of
the Revolution aie yet scarcely appeased; and it was with
those confiscations fresh in the memories of the framers of
the Constitution that the limitation of the power of forfeit-
ure was adopted."
The only possible mode of trying, convicting,
and punishing a person guilty of treason is pre-
scribed by the Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to understand
this matter, and the gentleman will allow me to
interrupthim. What I intended to say was that
unless Congress passed a law and declared a pun-
ishment by attainder, they might inflict a punish-
ment of death for treason, or any other punish-
ment than death with confiscation. ^ I want to
know whether the confiscation act, in his judg-
ment, is a billof attainder,and producesattainder
according to the law of this country? In the first
section there is no confiscation of real estate,and
the other sections which declare forfeiture of real
estate have no reference whatever to treason, but
to the property of alien enemies.
Mr. SWEAT. I should have answered the
gentleman's question before I finished my re-
marks, and I propose to answer it in that way
now. I understand his proposition exactly. He
says we cannot punish treason under the Consti-
tution, as such, except by the life of the person
attainted; and lie asks whether there is not some
otherprocess, and whether we may nottake prop-
erty in fee for other offenses.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think I did not make my-
self clear. I ask him to say whether there is any-
thing in that bill which does produce attainder.
Mr. SWEAT. That is the point 1 am ap-
proaching,and I will answer the gentleman in as
explicit terms as I may be able. The only pos-
sible mode of punishing a person convicted of
treason is prescribed by the Constitution. The
trial of all crimes shall be by a jury, according to
one article of the Constitution. It is then pro-
vided by another article that no person shall be
held to answer for a capital or other infamous
crime except by agiand jury. The two great
limits embraced in this provision arc: first, an in-
dictment by agiand jury; and second, trial before
a judicial tribunal and a jury of the country se-
lected according to the law of the land:
"The tiia! of all crimes, except impeachment, shall be
by jury."—Ait. 3, see. 2.
"Treason against the United States shall consist only
in levying war against them, or in adhering to their ene-
mies. giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be
convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two wit-
nesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open
couit "—At. 3, sec. 3.
Again:
s< ATo person shall be held to answei for a capital, or other-
wise intamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand juiy," &o.—Jht. 5 Amendments.
The two great elements embraced in these pro-
visions of the Constitution are: Jirst, a present-
ment or indictment of agrand jury; second, a trial
before a judicial tribunal and a jury of the coun-
try selected according to law. If, then, the person
charged with treason be tried in this way and
found guilty, the only remaining thing to be done,
or that can be done, is to impose the penalties at-
tached to the commission of the crime; and as I
have already said, any punishment previously
declared by Congress may be inflicted, not incon-
sistent with the limitation in the Constitution as
to the forfeiture of real estate.
I have said any other punishment may be in-
flicted not prohibited by the Constitution. I say,
therefore, to the question of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, whether Congress has net the pow-
er to punish otherwise than by attainder, and
whether, if that other punishment is a forfeiture of
estate, does it violate the Constitution,thatin my
judgment Congress cannot constitutionally pass
a law to inflicfupon a traitor as a punishment of
his crime a forfeiture of his estate beyond his life.
No such power has ever been claimed by any
jurist in the country down to the present time.
Tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gen-
tleman from Maryland do not co.me to a right
conclusion in reference to the effect of article first,
section nine.
Their reasoning is applicable to article one,
section nine, and not to article three, section thrfite.
In commenting on the clause " No-attainder of
treason shall work corruption of blood or forfeit-
ure, except during the life of the person attainted
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] says:
" Nowl take it that the meaning of that clause is thai the
forfeiture worked shall, must be effected during life. The
honorable gentleman from Ohio, and those who think with
him, would construe it to be that the forfeiture when worked
shall only endure for the life of the party. Palpably the
latter is the incorrect and the former the legal meaning.
The pui pose assumed is the protection of the offspring from
pnm^nnent lor the guilt of the ancestor. But a fine is
equally taken from the offspring, as land ; yet no-one de-
nies the right to fine a person attainted. There wa%'hmv-
cver, an effect of attainder that did punish the off-pring,
and the offspring <ilone. Ev^ry student of BlacUstone knows
this, that the judgment convicting a person of treason op-
erated a corinption of blood. The cormption of blood
stopped the transmission of heritable blood to any heir of
the person attainted ; so that the legal effect of conviction
for treason under the law of England wa?, first, lo forfeit
ail the pioperty, real and personal, of the person attainted,
and, secondly, to corrupt his blood, destroy its heritable
quality, so that he'eould neiiher take land by descent him-
self, nor transmit lieutable blood to the persons who would,
but for his attainder, have been his heir.4-. He could, in the
language of the law, have no heirs. The attainder cor-
rupted his blood, and there was no heutable. blood tians-
initted to them."
This is substantially a correct historical sketch
and exposition of biSis of attainder under the Eng-
lish law, the evil effects of which it was intended
by the framers of our Constitution to avoid; but
the gentleman has fallen into the common error of
supposing thatthcclause of the Constitution now
under consideration is the one to which, his argu-
ment applies. As a careful lawyer he ought to
have examined further and to have read that other
provision in the Constitution to which I will now
call his attention, by which he will perceive that
the odious features of bills of attainder were met
and disposed of by another and different clause than
the one to which he has applied his argument.
His extensive practice at the bar ought to have
taught him long ago that the symmetry of that
most perfect of all human instruments, the Con-
stitution, can be discovered only by an examina-
tion of its different parts.
The clause upon which he comments and to
which*he has made his remarks applicable is in
article three, section three, of the Constitution; but
if he will examine article one, section nine, he will
find these words, "No bill of attainderor ex post
facto law shall be passed."
It was by this restrictive clause in aiticle one,
anu not in article three, that the framers of the Con-
stitution at once and forever abolished the barba-
rous bill ofattainderof the English law. Thequo-
tation which I have made from the gentleman's
speech is applicable as a commentary on article one
and not on article three, of the Constitution,"for,
as i have before said, bills of attainder were abol-
ished by the Constitution in its fiist article, and
before the third articlecarne up forconsidoration.
The citation from Story (volume three, page 210)
which has already been made on this floor is a
commentary on the restiictive clause in the Con-
stitution, article on<5, section nine, which says,
"No bill ofattainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed," and not upon article three, section three,
which says, "No attainderof treason shall woik
corruption of blood or forfeiture, except during the
life of the person attainted."
In his Commentaries* touching this restrictive
clause, " bill of attainder and ex post facto law,"
he says:
" Such acts have been often resorted to in foreign Gov-
ernments as? a common engine <>f state; and even in Eng-
land they have been pushed to the mo^t extravagant extent
in bad times, reaching as w< 11 to the absent and the dead as
to the living^ Sir Edward Coke has mentioned it to bo
among the tianseendent poweis of Pailiam<jnt that an net
may l>c passed to attaint a man after he is dead. And tl.o
reigning monaich, who was slain at Bosworth, is said to
have been attainted by an act ot Parliament a few
after his death, notwithstanding the absurdity oi deeming
him at once in possession of the throne and i uaitor. J he
punishment has often been inflicted without calling upon
the party accused to answer, or Without even the formuhtv
of proof, and sometimes because the law in its ordmar)
course of proceedings would acquit the offender. Tl>e
injustice and iniquity of such acta In general coe-utute aw
