1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Other, and whathe may sell and whathe shall not
sell to him. Their power is to regulate commerce
between us and another nation, not the regulation
of the details and management of the affairs of
commerce within a State between individuals.
There is no such grant of power as that. How
does this bill in any way attempt to regulate com-
merce between us and other nations, or between
two States, if you please, or with the Indian
tribes? There is nothing of the kind in it.
But it is said that it comes, somehow or other,
from the right to coin money and regulate the
value thereof, and of foreign coins. I do not pro-
pose to enter at any great length into the mean-
ing of the word " com." Some of the judges
who have given an opinion on the subject of the
legal-tender clause have very freely said thatthat
phrase " to coin money "evidently meant metallic
currency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Others said it meantany
kind of money.
Mr. COLLAMER. Notthe judges. I know
members have said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been so held by
some of the judges.
Mr. JOHNSON. In one or two cases.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us test it by our own
practice. If this paper money is coined money,
then it is coin. Now, we have taken agreatdeal
of pains to provide that the men who take our
bonds, say the five-twenties, shall be paid the in-
terest semi-annually m coin. Why do you not
pay them with this paper if it is coin ? Our own
efforts, our own acts belie utterly the idea that
this paper is coin, or we have attempted to cheat
the world in relation to paying that interest and
principal.
But it is said that if there is a power to coin
money and this is coin, therefore you have the
right to protect it and take care of it. i do not
know what gentlemen mean by that. ~ 1 suppose,
as an incidental power to the power to coin money,
we can take care of that money out in the hands ot
the people as the enculating medium of the coun-
try; but has tills gambling business anything to do
with that? I dn not see Lhe connection. When
the power to coin money was given, the framers
of the Constitution did not think that any such
power as this by way of incident would arise trom
it. 1 have no doubt that under the power to com
money Congress may set up a mint, employ the
proper offic^, and pay out the proper ixpenses
•for coining money ; or, if gentlemen pirate to call
this paper coin and mean to pay their debts, thrii
intCiest money, their bonds, &c., with it, calling it
«om, 1 think they have a nyht to employ engrav-
ers to make it. lint, Mr President, it will be ob-
served that among the powers of Congress are—
"To coin money, regniatu the value then'of, and 01 for-
eign coin, and fix tin' standard ot weights and iin'iimies.-'
Then the very next clause is:
To provide foi tie1 pnnMiinent el oonnterfcitnigthe "C-
euiitH'b and eiun-iu emu ol tile United ''
■ Now, if under the power to coin money they
had the incidental power to take care of it and
protect it aftorwards, wliy was that clause put in
there ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it not unnecessary'
Mr. COLLAM (ill. Sir, I do not like to pass
upon the proceedings of a Convention as able as
that was,and which took so much time in us de-
libeiattons, in lliat way.
Mr. SUMNER. Ex mnjori cautela.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is nothing of that
kind in our Constitution. At any late when i
have endeavored to allude to such a thing, the
iionorable Senator hieoselfhas uttoily repudiated
it. The grant of that power as a substantive giant
of power shows that they did not consider that
there was any such power without it.
But, Mr. President, we can coin money and
regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coins.
Regulate the vakie thereof in what? In com?
in wheat? In ;uiy necessary of life? In labor?
I take it it. is the regulation m account of what
value is between the respective coins, and the
establishment of what the value of foreign coin
js ae measured by our coin. If it is Relieved that
.this power to regulate the value of coin extends
to the regulating^)!' the value of this coined paper,
what shall it be in ? if you say rt has become a
standard by jtself, and gold an article of com-
merce merely, then if you have any power over
it it would be to regulate the relative price be-
tween those two. If really such a power as this
can be Used by Congress in this way, why do
you not bring forward a regular measure by say-
ing that the- ten-dollar piece heretofore declared
to be worth ten dollars shall be worth fifteen dol-
lars in currency,in the paper coin; that the gold
com (as I believe the Secretary is now selling it
at fifty or sixty per cent.) shall be worth fifty per
cent, in addition to its apparent common value
payable in this currency, this coined paper?. If
there be any such power in that way at all, that
is it.
The truth is, .Mr. President, that power has
been exerted. We have directed by law long
since that a certain quantity of gold and a certain
quantity of alloy, weighing so much, shall be of
such a value, ten dollars. Let me put a case to
gentlemen. Suppose I ask of ray brother Nes-
mith to lend me a ten-dollar gold piece for a
week. He hands it to me. I, as might be very
natural, do not pay him. [Laughter.] Suppose
he brings an action for my not having paid him.
I submit to my associates and friends here, what
judgment should be rendered? You know that
when he gets his execution I can tender him
greenbacks in payment. Now, how large ought
that judgment and execution to be? He lent me
a ten-dollar piece, and the coined paper says that
ten dollars in paper is equal to ten dollarsin gold.
The truth is, without cieating any artificial diffi-
culties in the way, it must be acknowledged that
with us, practically, gold has become an article
of commerce, an article of trade, and currency is
a mere exchange of value; and,asl think, brother
Nesmitii ought to have—if that was the price of
it when 1 agreed to return it to him—fifteen dol-
lars in currency. If he cannot get it by law, I
will agree with the people of California, in refer-
ence to contracts of that kind, that a man who
will repudiate them, and undertake to pay them
otfby legal-tender notes, ought to be put in coven-
try, as I understand is done on the Paciliccoast.
Gold, then, is a mere article of commerce, and
it comes to the same question which I before
Staled; and that is, can Congress lawfully, under
the Constitution make a law to regulate contracts
in relation to the price of articles of commerce
in the States' 1 do not know where the power is
to be found. It cannot be found in the power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations or with
the Indian tribes or between the States. It can-
not be found in the.power to com money, because
the moment you examine it it becomes imprac-
ticable. 1 do not know where I shall be refened
to next as the source of the power. I know we
veiy liequently hear about the necessity of it,
and 1 suppose if you put it to that, this law
against gambling ill the Stales is to he made un-
der the exercise of.the power of " military neces-
sity," just as the Umversalistclergyman said we
needed a bell as a military necessity for this war,
if for no other puinose. [Laughtei.]
We are quoted to tins, that, and other things
which have undergone discussion years and years
ago, and were supposed to lie fully settled by all
men. I''or instance, it is said that we can do it
under that clause of the Constitution which says
thai Congress inay proude for the geneial wel-
fare. That, was said to me yesterday. Now, it
is said in the Constitution that Congress shall
have the power to boirow money, levy and collect
taxes,dunes, imposts, and excises, to piovide Col-
lin- common defense and the genertU welfaie.
That IS l-eally such a geneial and unlimited grant
as is given in this Constitution. I am aware that,
especially m the convention of Virginia, much
stress was hill! on that, particularly by those who
object! d to the adoption of the Constitution,and
among the rest by Patrick Henry. He thought
it was a sort of latitude of power very dangerous
indeed and that it would be used ill a dangerous
manner, unless there was a provision iu the Con-
stitution, something like the one now in it, that
all powers not therein granted were reserved to
the Slates and the people. He thought that un-
less then; wasa provision in i1 prohibiting the ex-
ercise of power by way of construction, it might
be a dangerous one; and they mighteven, 1 believe
he said, abolish slavery under it. But that clause of
limitation is now in the Constitution, and that ar-
gument of latitudinarianism I suppose is at an
end. It is not worth while to pursue this matter.
The whole subject under the hands of Mr. Mad-
ison has been so peifecly elaborated and so en-
tirely exhausted, that I will not attempt to add
my feeble voice to it at all.
I know not what other power of the Constitu-
tion the authority to pass this bill will be claimed
under. There are none to my knowledge. Hence, •
I have come to the conclusion that this power to
declare contracts in the States, lawful by the laws
of the States, void, or to declare therr. '.awful
when they are unlawful by the laws of the States,
is not a power in Congress. If the internal con-
cerns of a State are to be thus interfered with by
Congress, it must be by an amendment of the
Constitution. I grant that you may put in it, by
an amendment in the constitutional mode, any-
thingyou please; your power in that respect is
unlimited; but I say that the claim and the exer-
cising of such a power by Congress is for the first
time attempted now, is entirely new, and, as I
think, unwarranted. Without complaining of
anybody else, or finding fault with anybody else,
I merely wish to be permitted to cast my vote
against it, unless I am more enlightened about it
than I am at present, without being subject to
criticism or censure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont, in line eight of the first
section of the amendment reported by the com-
mittee to strike out the words " or of any foreign
exchange."
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike out those
words wherever they occur. I will only say that
I regard foreign exchange as peculiarly subject
to the objections I have made. If gentlemen re-
gard itotherwise, of course they will keep those
words in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I shall not vote to
strike these words out, I will say in a single word
why I shall not do so. I have been struck with
the argument of the Senator from Vermont. It
was very plausible and forcible. Perhaps he may
be light; but the principle upon which 1 shall put
it in voting against theamendmentis simply this:
the Congress of the United States has decided that
it has the authority to issue Treasury notes and
make them a legal tender. The courts have so
dccided. That was a very doubtful question in
my mind; but we have acted upon it, and having
issued these Treasury notes and made them a
legal tender between individuals for payment of
debts, I believe we have a right to protect their
credit; and when combinations are resorted to for
the purpose of depreciating their value, if we have
a right to issue them and make them a legal ten-
der, we have the right to protect them; and on
that principle 1 shall vote against stnkingout.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. linckali'w, Carlile, Oollamer, Cowan,
Davis, Grimes., Hardin", Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Ne-mnth, Powell, and Saulsbuiy— 13.
NA.Yrf—Messrs. Anthony, Blown, Chirk. Connor, Dix-
on. rionlittlB. Fesseilden, Foster, Hale, Harris, Ifnwaid,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, l'oine-
loy, Ramsey, Sherman, ^piagm-, Sumner, Ten Eyck.
Tiunibull, Wade, and Wilson—--M,
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HARRIS. I renew the motion I made
yesteiday, in line three of the fourth section of
the amendment to strike out the words " m any
sum not less than," and in lines four and five to
strike out the words " nor more than §10,000;" so
that it will read:
That any person who shall violate any provision of this
act shall be held gnilty ofaiuiMteincai.or, and on conviction
theieof be lined §1,000 or be imprisoned tor a peuod not
te->s than three months, &e.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inquire if he understood the Senator from New
Yoi k to say that this was an amendment that lie
offered yesterday?
,, Mr. HARRIS. It is the same.
'I The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThentheChair
|i will suggest that it is not now in order.
Mr. "HARRIS. It was not disposed of yes-
terday, and I want to modify the amendment a
little by substituting for the words (( be fined ' in
the third line of that section the wouis " shall
forfeit." __
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator from New
York would suggest the reason for that altera-
tion. It does not strike me as being a wise one,
