appendix to the congressional globe.
[January 20,
38th Cong. ... 1 st Sess
Confiscated Property—Mr. Sweat.
Ho. of Keps.
irresistible argiwientagainst the existence of the power. In
a fice Government it would he intolerable, am) iu the hands
of a icignuig faction n might bo, and probably would be,
abused to the ruin and death of the mo-t virtuous citizens
Bills of this soiUmve hern most usually passed in England
ia times of rebellion, or of gross subtemeucy lo the Ciown,
or of violent political excitemfnts—petiodsin which all na-
tions are most hahiu (as well the fice a  the enslaved) to
forget their dimes and to tiample upon the iighu> and lib-
eries of others."
That such wore the,reasons that induced the
frame re of the Constitution to insert the clause
forbidding Congress to pass any bill of attainder
or ex post facto law, I might cite Kent, Rawle,
Curtis, and others who have written on the sub-
ject. But it cannot be necessary. When they
said " No bill ofattainder or ex post,facto law shall
be passed," they had finished thatsubject,and may
well be supposed to have known what they had
done, and, though they might not have been so
accomplished in the science of philology us the
learned gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] it
would not be a violent presumption to suppose
that when they came to say in a subsequent clause,
" No attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the
attainted," they knew what rhoy intended to say,
and said what ihey intended to in plain English
language, and that they neiihei meant nor did in
fact modify or change in any way what they had
said or done in the previous clause: they meant
to say except, and not unless, and the woid, with
them, had us common, intelligible meaning, and
no question has been made as to its clear intent
from that time to this, save by the wise philolo-
gists that are ciopping out in this Hall and in
other departments of the Government.
The learned gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Orth] says that the. " science of philology is pro-
gresMve,umi that the same woid in diffnent ages
and times may be used to mean dissimilar t hingts.
"Change," ho says, u is the irrevocable law of
nature, stamped upon evciytlung ami appertain-
ing to every depaiiment of knowledge." The
gentleman then says that we are told by lexicog-
lapheis that the word except is equivalent to
the word unless, and then he shows his familiarity
with the Scriptures by several quotations, whic-h
another distinguished individual connected with
one of tlie Depaitments of the Government has
also quoted m his lecent icview of t his subject, to
show us that the word " except" means the word
"unless." He says:
" Numerous instances of this are found in the IIolv Pubic,
where the won! ' except' is Used iu sentences in winch ;u
the pieseut day we should invariably u e the woid ' uu-
leisp thus;
" 'Except the Loid build the house, they lahoi in vain
that hutid it.'
" 'Except i he Lord of hosts had left unto us a very small
remnant, wo should have been a  Sodom.'
" 'Can two walk togethei, except they be agreed?'
" 1 Exccpt a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom
of God.'
" 'Except ye repent, y6 s-hnll nil likewise perish.'
"Iu all these Instances, and thev could be multiplied al-
most ad infinitum fioin wi i ting* of that age. both saeied and
profane, tlie word ' except' is u.sed in Ihe sense in winch
we of Hie presentday would u.--e the eqinvalent word k un-
less.'
" Now. then, let u*, in further illustration of mvposition,
substitute the woid ' link.-s'lor the wont 'except' in the
clause under consideration. Jt will then lead :
"' Dut no attainder of tienson t-liall woik coirupuon of
blood or forfeituic, unless duung tiic lite ol the peicou at-
tainted.' "
Now his const! uction is a forced one. The
word except qualifies and relates to the words im-
mediately following, and notwotds which must
be interpolated in order to carry out Ins theory.
In order to make his views intelligible and to cai ry
out his idea, I submit that he should go still fur-
ther, that he should have the word 44 except" or
"unless" modify or qualify not what immedi-
ately follows, but something lie proposes to in-
terpolate; so that it shall read:
No attainder of treason shall woik corruption of blood
or Jorfeiture unless the offender be attainted m hi? lifetime,
in which case ioileiture ot his estate shall be absolute.
But tins, I think, may wellbesaid to be a forced
construction, and clearly not intended by the irunv
ers of the Constitution.
Do the go ntj to leu gi\ e us any authority for their
construction r Tiieie is no pretense of any. Is it
pretended by them that then construction has over
been sanction! d by any judicial n ibiinal ? They
claim no such authority, unless u be that of Judge
Undeivvoo.l, '>( the United Si:Ur* d*8frJ<*  c^urt
fort astern Vnginia, who has recently acted in ac-
cordance with tins p< cuharconstruction and actu-
ally 44 decieed^ " as one of our daily papers an-
nounces, the sale of certain real estate owned by
one Hugh JLathatn, adjudged guilty of treason,
and directed us fiansfer in foe simple to tile pur-
chaser when the same should be sold under order
of court. He is the first and only judicial officer,
since the formation of our Constitution, to con-
strue the word exccpt as meaning unless  He
says:
44 If we use tlie word 'except' in the above sense In the
constitutional provision, or make it read $ unless during tlie
liie of the person attainted,' we shall at once come to the
hue intent and meaning of the provision, to wit: that the
forfeiture was to be peifectcd during, and not after, the life-
time of the party attainted."
And under this shallow but wicked perversion
of the meaning .of the Constitution has decreed
the forfeiture and transfer in fee of the real estate
of the offender. This he hasdone, too, while the
joiutresolution, which is apart ofthe confiscation
act, expressly says that for any of the offenses
specified iu said act there shall be no forfeiture
of real estate beyond the natuial life of the offender.
Whatever const! notion may be put on the clause
of the Constitution, and whatevcrpowers a judge
might have under the confiscation act, if the joint
resolution defining the limitation of punishment
were not on the statute-hook, it is cei tain that with
this resolution in full force and unrepealed, Judge
Underwood has as clearly violated his oath of
office in this arbitrary decree as he would by do- I
cieetng and putting into execution the punishment
of death for the common offense ol assault and
battery. And yet he will not be impeached or re-
moved fiom office. lie is of the elect, in the fold,
and will remain where lie is to try experiments
on the established r'ghts of citizens.
I think the gentleman [Mi. Orth] might have
been able to give us at least oneauihoiity, but he
did not do us the favor oi' citing that woi k which
I am satisfied he must have examined very thor-
oughly. There is an authority—the authority
of a gentleman whose ability, whose legal learn-
ingnnd acumen, whose extensive knowledge and
reseai eh aie admitted by all, and, above all, whose
patient and devoted loyalty to tlie country can
but command the admiration of those who know
hun, and who has taken the same view of the sub-
ject which the gentleman from Indiana has taken;
and there is such a happy harmony and beautiful
similarity of opinion, and m some instances of
expression, that! wonder he had not hit inclined
io do justice to that distinguished individual who
has very elaborately considered tins question, and
published his views and placed them on our d« sks.
I refer to the distinguished Solicitor of the War
Department, Mi. William Whiting,of Boston.
Mr. Speaker, I was sayingthat theie never had
been but onocousiruetion of this article three, sec-
tion lluee, of tlu* Constitution: and that was that
attainder of tieuson should not woik conuption
|j of blood or forfeiture beyond the life of the at-
|| tainted. And at the risk of being considered be-
|j hind the times, and of calling to my aid theopin-
i ion of one who in times past commanded respect
li and attention, hut who must now yield to the
J| hi igliter luminal ies of junsprudeiice of the polit-
jj ical, civil, and higher law, I will venture once
1 moic to cite Joseph Story upon the very point
j now underconsideration. In commenting on the
! express po wer^iven to Congress to punish trea-
i son, he touchesthepieci.se point underdiscussion,
when he uses the words " forfeiture beyond the
life of the oOendei
'•Two motives piobabiyeoneniredin intioduciug it as an
expiess powei. 0. e w.im not lo leave it open to implica-
tion whether uwasio be exclusively punishable with d ath,
accoiding to the known rnleoi the common law, and with the
barbarous accompaniment pointed out by it,but tocoufule
the punishment to liie discr. tion of Congress. The other
was to impose some limitation upon thu nature and
lxj ent of the punishment, so that it should not work cor-
iiiption of blood, or lorieituie blyq.nd the ttje of the of
fender." **********
" It surely is enough forsocietv to take tlie life of the
offender, a/a ju>t punishment of ins cnine, without taking
ttom ins ofiVprmg and relatives that properly which may
he the only mcan> of saving them nom poveity and nun.
It is> bad policy, too; for it cuts off ail the attachments
winch tlie^c unfoitunaiu victims might otheiwbe teel for
theii own Government, and prepares then) to engage in
any other seniee by which their supposed injunes may
be redressed or their heieditary hatied gratified. Upon
these and similar giouuds it may be presumed that the
c!;nj-e '*<>*  harodue«d inn  the o,iyu J)l dniff of the
! Constitution; and aftei some amendment?-, u was adopttd
j without any appuent ic.-is aoee. l>y ihr* laws-mee p h-^ed
by Congress it 1k deelaiedthat no conviction or j?i(ltrni< nt,
for any capital or other oti  i^es, shall work coriupt.on or"
blood, ur <tnv loifouuie of cstaf. The lusior^ of other
countnes abundantly pioves that one of Ihe stion« incen-
tives ro pio-jecute-uilVn.-ea as mason has been the chance
of filming In Hie plunder of tlie victims Rapaeuv ha&bcfu
thus &tnnulated to exert it-e|t in tiic service ol the mo>t
conupt tyranny; and tyiannv ha^ been thu« luinuhcd
with new opponunitie^ of indulging its malignity and re-
venge; of giatifying its envy ot ifie lieh ami good ; and of
inei ea=ing its means to rew.nd lavoutesaml secure retainers
lor the worst deeds."— Vol, 3, p. 169.
Again, 1 will refer to another authority, which
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellet]
seemed to question the other day. Mr. Lieber
says:
44 The true piotectlon of individual piopcrty demands
likewise the exclusion oi confiscation. For alihou;r|) con-
fiscation, as a punishment, is to be rejected on account of
the undefined ehaiacter ot the punishment, depending not
upon itself but upon the fact whether the punched person
has any properly and how much, it is likewise inadmissi-
ble on the giound that individual piopcrty implies individ-
ual transmission, wuich confiscation toiallv destioy.-. It
would pi ihaps not be wholly unjust to deprive an individ-
ual of iu-- piopcrty as a punishment for certain ciimes, if
ice would allow it to pass to Ins hens. We do it in fact when
vvt; impu-on a man foi life, and submit him to the icjmiai
pn-on discipline, disallowing hnn any benefit of the |ftop-
eny he may possess ; but it is'unjust to dejtrire lus cluldien
or other hens oj the individual property, not to -ipeakof the
appetizing ejfcct ivhUh confiscation of piojicityhasofte/ijiro-
duced upon Governments.35
From which it is apparent his construction of
the clause under consideiation would be the same
as that of Judge Story.
1 have also another quotation from the Feder-
alist, to which I ask the attention of the House:
"As trea-on ma> be committed against the United fctatc.,
the authoiity of tlie United States ought to be enabled to
punish it; but as new-fangled and artificial treasons have
been thegieat engine1' hv which violent {actions, the nat-
uial ofi'^pting of fiee Governments, have usually wieaki'd
then alternate malignity on each other, the Convention
have with great judgmentopposed a hairiertothispeculiar
danger, bv nisei ting a constitutional definition ofthe ci une,
fixing the piool neeer-sary for*conviction of it, and i entrain-
ing the Uongi ess, even in punching it, liom cxtenduiL' the
consequence* of guilt beyond the per&ou of its autiioi."—
The Federalist, p. 173.
It is therefore clenr to my mind, Mr. Speaker,
that the meaning of this third section of the Con-
stitution is to confine forfeiture of estates to tho
lives ofthe offenders.
I wish now to say a single word with reference
to the view sustained by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Air. Davis,] and which, as 1 under-
stand, is sustained by him atone
"It is wholly immateiial whether, in the event of the
paii} 's beiugconvicted ot nea^on. Congiess can oi cannot
make a consequence oi the judgment the toi feiture ot lands*
in fee simple, oi is confined to a foneituie limited in duta-
tion by the hie ofthe convict.
"The question heio i.s whether there is any piocess- of
law, however this provision be constiued, by which wo
cannot efi'ect a ioifcituie of the whole lee m lands. Taat
(jiiesiion geinlemcn have nowhere met.
"The question i-. wheihei by other pioeos® of law not
connected with indictment ot the person, not following
upon auaindei,the United States Government can s;iy that
tiu^e who have been in arms against it shah forfeit their
piopeiiy. and that the tribunals of the eountiy shall enfoice
it in ->e'in; ami this is bcttled by the tiaditional laws oi tiie
Republic."
He says:
<[ The law of the last Cong) ess pre-cubed a diflcient pro-
cess tiom conviction in a eomt oi law of the prison guilty
ofthe cinne. It piovides that upon proeccdnii/s in ihedit-
tiiclcowt in thenafureof proceeding inudiniiattiiilmUiiiila
ol certain cla^r-csof pur.-on.-.andall then pcisuun'i piopcit/,
shall be foiieited foi the u-e oi the Government.
"And tiie Constitution provides that the piopertv of citi-
zens s|iall not be taken uuhoutduepiocess ot law. Now,
the question u Inch gentlemen on the other side ofthe House
have to argue is, not the law ol'nttainde?, but whethei the
process in ihe distnct couits ol the Uniied States lo con-
tiscate the pi op -i ty of person5' piovej to be of the specified
classes is due pi oees«.of law foi depriving a man of his prop-
el ty under the Constitution. If they cannot maintain th.it
th.it is not due pioec>s ol law within the meaning of the
Constitution, tin v cannot tlnow the least doubt on the con-
stitutionality of this modi' of piocedute."
Jt is very easy to understand the point of tho
gentleman. It is a very ingenious aigunient, but
may be, I think, easily answered by any one who
would bring to bear on the consideration of tlie
question half of the legal attainments and ability
that have been hitherto willingly accorded to him.
1 think he is evidently mistaken.
He says, admitting that our construction of the
Constitution is right, that you cannot confiscate
the real estate of the person attainted with treason
except during the lifetime of the peison so at-
tainted-, iwtljejv no other proivs'j <>f'aw by which
