1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAROLINE M. IIUGHSTON.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mitteeonCommerce, reported back thepetition of
Mrs. Caroline M. Hughston, and asked that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It wasjso ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
'der of business, to call committees for reports of
*a private character, commencing with the Com-
mitteeggf Elections.
jP CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to call the attention
of the House to a mistake made in the printing
of the conscription bill.
Mr. STILES. I object.
LOWRIE AND GRAY.
Mr. LONG, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 171) for the relief
of Jacob S. Lowrie and George A. Gray; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM G. BROWN.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported abill for the relief of William G.Brown;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
ELI THAYER AND OTHERS.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
F. A. Holden, Eli Thayer, Hannah Barton, D.
W. Frisby, and Hiram Bloss; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee of
thcWhole House on the Private Calendar, and
ordered to be printed.
DARIUS S. COLE.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported- back a bill for the relief of Darius S.
Cole; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be printed.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. DRIGGS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting lands to the State
of Michigan for the construction of certain wagon
roads for military and postal purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that a
private bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to it, unless it be
proposed to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DRIGGS. I make that motion.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
CIIURCII LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back House hill No. 179, con-
cerning lands in the State of California.
Mr. HIGBY. Mr. Speaker, the object of this
bill is simply this: these lands belong to the Cath-
olic church, and the bishop is acting as trustee.
They are in a rem'ote part of the State, and the
church desires to sell them that they may use the
funds for their institutions elsewhere. I move
that the bill be put on its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engiossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY LANDS.
Mr. HIGBY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back a bill to amend an act ap-
proved July 3 7, 1854, entitled "An act to amend
an act approved September, 1850, creating the
office of surveyor general of public lands for
Oregon," &c., with a substitute.
Mr. COX. This is a public bill, and I object,
as there are others entitled to precedence.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. This is a pri-
vate bill,and I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. HICBY. I indorse what the Delegate has
stated. This is purely a local matter.
Mr. COX. If there is no discussion of the bill,
I withdraw my objection.
The substitute reported by the Committee on
Public Lands was agreed to.
Mr. COX. Has this bill been recommended
by the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. HIGBY. The Committee on PublicLands
has recommended the passage of this bill. The
committee had full information on the subject be-
fore they took action. The lands have been dis-
posed of by the Territory of Washington. They
have erected thereon buildings, and have a fine,
flourishing school, and they have some thirty
thousand dollars as a fund out at interest. They
had power to dispose of the lands. The people
who have the lands, however, and to whom they
were transferred by the Territory of Washing-
ton, feel uneasy with the title given, and come to
Congress for a sufficient title. The bill is only
for the purpose of quieting title to these lands.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Printing to submit the
following report:
The committer* having come to no agreement on the
following loolution, rcpoit it as committed:
Resolved, That there be printed /or the use of the mem-
bers of the House the regularnnmberof copies of the work
piepaied by the laie librarian, entitled "A Dietionaiy ot the
United Siaios Congroo^ ami that the Clerk of the llou&e
shall pay a suitable eopynsht, piovided the same does not
exceed two doliais per copy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to know whether such a resolution was
adopted by the House and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine and
ascertain.
Mr. WILSON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who made
this report can state whetherthis resolution was re-
ferred by the House to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. It was.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not this resolution in-
volve an appiopriation r
The SPEAKER. It does not. The money is
to be paid out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa will withdraw his motion to lay on the
table. It seems to me that this book is as import-
ant to this House as Barclay's Digest is.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WILSON. Isuggesttothegentleman from
Indiana that we take the yeas and nays upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I call the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WILSON. I call the yeas and nays upon
its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was dccided in the
affirmative—yeas 77, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Ancona, Andei.von, Baily, Auiiti^tiH <'. Baldwin, BlihS,
I3iandegee, 'Brooks*, liioomall, James S. Biovvn, Clay,
Coll'ioth, Cox, Craven*, Cre-weil, l)aw<on. Deming, Den-
nuon, Dixon, Eden, Edgoitou, Eldiidge, Finck. Ftank,
Gan son, Gndei, Gi is wold, Hale. lie tuck. John II. Hubbaid,
Hutchms, William Johnbori, Kalbflei^ch, Keinan, King,
Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mdllory, Marey, McA!h>-
ter, McDowell, MeK.imey, VYiihain U Miller,Mooihead,
Morrison. Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill. Periy, Kadloid,
William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Rogeis,'James S.
Roilms, Ro>s. Scott, Smith, Fpaldmg, Starr, John Ii. Steele.
Stile*, St rouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thajcr, Vooihee*, Wads-
worth, Webster, Whaiey, Joseph W. White, Winfield,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—-77.
NAYS—Messis. Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Seaman* Boutwelf, William G. Brown, Cobb,
Cole, Henry Winter Davis, ThomasT. Davls,i>ri?gs,.Ecfe-
ley, Eliot, Fnrnsworrh, Fenton, Gooch, GrinncB, Higby,
Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Hulburd, Kasson, Kelley,
Orlando Kellogg, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, MeCJurg,
Mclndoc, Moirill, Daniel Morris, James R. Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Ofth,
Patterson, Pendleton, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, John H.
Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon,
Sloan, Sinlthers, Thomas, Tiacy, Upson, Van Valken-
burgh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wil-
der, Wilson, and Window—61.
So the resolution was adopted.
Before the above result was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said* I rise to a question of v
order before the result of the vote is announced. *
I do not know how the matter is to be remedied,.
but I am assured by the clerk who would prop-
erly have control of the file of resolutions that
this resolution upon which the Committee on
Printing has acted, and which they presumed was
properly referred to them, was never in fact acted
upon by the House and referred to that commit-
tee.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Isubmit that that is no
question of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that there ha$ been
a misapprehension upon the part of the committee
in submitting the report to the House acting upon
the supposition that the House had referred the
matter to them. 1 suppose the House can arrest
proceedings as soon as the fact was known that
the ground upon which their action was predi-
cated was erroneous.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot take the
responsibility of arresting proceedings after the
action which the House has taken upon it. The
House can reverse its action by a motion to re-
consider. Committees have cognizance of mat-
ters in two ways—by bills or resolutions being
referred to them, and secondly, by petition. The
Chair inquired of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Baldwin] if the resolution had been
referred to the committee. He said it had been,
and the House has now acted upon it.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded. •
Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon the motion to recon-
sider I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL. If the motion to lay on the
table should not prevail, would not the motion to
reconsider be before the House?
The SPEAKER, it would.
Mr. MORRILL. And it would be in the power
of any member to move to amend the resolution
so as to allow any member who desires to have
the book in his library to pay the money out of
his own pocket.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 76, nays 69; as follows:
YJSAS—Messrs. James G\ Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Anderson, Baily, Augustus O. Baldwin, Bliss, Bran-
degee, Brook*, Bioomall, James S. Brown, (Jhanler, Cof-
fioth, Cox, Ciavens, Creswell, Dawson, Denmson, Eden,
Ed^euon, JEidudge, EnyIi-li. Fmck, Fiank, Gam-on, Gnder,
Gri-avold, Hale, Mali, IJeriick, HiUehins, William Johnson,
Kaliifieiscb, Keinan, King, Knapp,Law,Le Blond, Long,
Maliorv,Mau'y, Me AIIMei, McDowell, McKniney, William
II. Millar, Morrit-on, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Peiry,
Pin\u, Rudtoul. William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
Robm-on, Roger.«, James, S. Rolling Ros>, Scott, rfmith,
Sp.Udmg, John 15. Steele, Stile*, Stiousc, Stuait, Sweat,
ThfUi'r, Vooihc's, Wad-Avoith, Webster, Whaiey,Chihon
A. White, Joseph W. White, WmfieJd, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—76.
NAYS—Mesh. Allison, Ame«, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Uoutwel). Boyd, Wil-
liam G. Blown,Freeman Clarke, Cobb,Cole, Hemy Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davi-, Dawes, Donnelly, Diiggt,, Eekley,
F.imt, Fam-.worth, Fenton, Gimnell. Higbv, Holman,
IJoopei, Hotohki^, Amabel W. Hubbard, John 11. llubbatd,
Uulbtmi, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Fran< i* W. lvellogg. Or-
iitudo Kellogg, Longvoai, Marvin, MeBride, Me(Jlurg,
Mofndoe, Samuel F.Miller. Morrill,'Daniel Morn?, Amos
Mjers, i-iconaid Mvers, Nmton, Chaties O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, John II. Rice, Edward
H. lloilm?, Sehenek, Shannon, Sloan, Smitbeis. Starr,
Hteven**, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washlwrne,
William I>. Washburn, Wheelei, Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son, ami Windom—69.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the roll-call, ^
Mr. KASSON stated that Mr. Blow was ab-
sent from the House on account of sickness.
