2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June i,
to' move to lay1 the whole subject on the tabJe with-
out the consent of the sitting member. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, therefoie, hardly had the
floor to make his motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had taken his seat when I made my mo-
tion, and I was duly recognized by the Speaker.
Mr. DAWES. I toofk my seat with the re-
mark that I would yield the floor tp the sitting
member.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, the sitting member, did not take the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. King] desire to proceed
now?
Mr. KING. I want the House first to determine
in regard to the contestant being allowed to pro-
ceed with his speech.
Mr. DAWES. One word more. I would like
to ihquirc of the gentleman from Wisconsin if
these parties have not both been treated properly
by theCommittee of Elections. They have treated
them both alike. They would have been content
that the whole case should be disposed of without
debate; butinasmuch as one of them has debated
the question for an hour, it is right that the other
should be heard. I did not agree with the posi-
tion occupied by the sitting member; but I tfiinlc
that he has a right to be heard if lie insists upon it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the sitting member does
not care to be heard I will insist upon my motion.
If he does I will yield the floor to him.
Mr. KING. 1 will say this: that if the gen-
tleman insists upon his motion to lay the report
on the table, and the House lays the report on
the table, as a matter of course I do not carc to
be heard. It would be somewhat gratifying to
me to reply to some of the remarks of the con-
testant, but I will forego that.* If, however, the
House refuses to lay the report on the table, I
then desire the floor to reply to the contestant.
Mr. DAWES. If the House refuses to lay the
reporton the,table the sitting member will then
of course be entitled to the floor. I will now
yield the floor to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldhidoe] to reply to my question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe there is no com-
plaint whatever made of the Committee of Elec-
tions for the manner in which they have treated
this case. But this is the first instance in which
a contestant'claiming a scat on this floor has
desired to extend his speech beyond an hour that
he has not been permuted to do so, I think the
same common courtesy ought to be extended to
the gentleman whose speech is now cut off in the
m id d te.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he remembers the ease of Mr. Eliot, of
Massachusetts?
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
have directed the motion to be made, and I now
renew the motion, to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr.ELDMDGE. I raise the question of order
that the gentlemun from Massachusetts yielded
the floor, I rose, was recognized by the Chair,/
and moved thnt the House adjourn. I submit
that that is the motion before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Arnoj i> in
the chair.) The Chair overrules the question of
order. The Chair understood the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield the floor to ascertain
whether the sitting member desired to speak, and
for no other purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the gentleman from
Missouii did not iise.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raisp this question of order,
that the gentleman from Massachusetts moved to
lay the whole subject on the table. Upon that
motion the House voted and declined to lay the
report on the table. No business has intervened
since that motion was put, and it is not now in
order to renew the motion.
Mr. DAWES. What we have been doing
for some time seems very much like business.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Will it be in order to
appeal from the decision of the Chair overruling
the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridgl?J
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is too late,
another question of order having been raised and
decided by the Chair.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the appeal on
the table. -
Mr. HARRINGTON. On that motion I de-
mand the ye#B and nays~
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 7, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Eden, Eldridge, Finck, Kalbfleisch,
Knapp, Law, ami Schenck—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, Anderson, Ashley,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter
Beainan, Blaine,Blow, Boyd, Broomall, James S.Brown,
Cobb, Coffioth, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs, Ed-
gerton, Eliot, English, Famsworth, Frank, Ganson, Gooch,
Iligby, Holman, Hooper, John II. Hubbard, flulbuid, Inger-
soll, Francis VV. Kellogg, Oiiando Kellogg, Kernan, Lazear,
Loan, Ijongyoar,Marcy,McClurg,McIudoft, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Moorhead. Morrill. Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos
Myers, Leonaid Myers, Noble, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Poin-
eroy, Trice, Radford, Williaur II. Randall, John II. Rice,
Edward H. Rollins, Host;, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Stiloe,
Stiouse, Sweat, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webstei, Whnley, Jo-
seph W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom.and
Woodbridgc—84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. If it be in order I will with-
draw the point of order submitted by me, and I
hope some reasonable limit will be agreed on for
this debate, ltseemstome the time of the House
is too valuable at this period to be spent in this
way.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I must object to my
colleague withdrawing his point of order.
The SPEAKER. No action having been taken
on the appeal, the gentleman has the right to with-
draw his question of oider.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw it.
Mr. DAWES. Now, understanding that the
sitting memberdesires to address the House for a
short time, I will withdraw my motion to lay on
the table.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. It was the understanding that
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. King] was not
to claim the floor while the motion to lay on the
tabic was pending. If that motion did not pre-
vail he was to have the floor; but if it did prevail
lie did not want the floor, for then he would have
his seat.
Mr. DAWES. The gontjeman from Missouri
made such a statement, but he now asks the in-
dulgence of the House for a few remarks, and
under that appeal I have withdrawn my motion.
Mr. WAS1J BURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the motion will not be renewed, but that the House
will vote on the question of which of these gentle-
men is entitled to the seat.
Mr. SWEAT. I desire to make a suggestion
to the House. I think the contestant will be satis-
fied to have the rest of his speech printed. If
m order, I move that the privilege be extended to
him.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that privilege will be
granted.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to al-
lowing the contestant to print the remainder of his
remarks?
There was no objection.
Mr. LE BLOJS^I). Under the rules established
in contested-election cases, is not the contestant
entitled to the closing speech if the sitting member
makes his speech?
The SPEAKER. There is no standing rule on
the subject. There have been two election cases
in which that rule was adopted by unanimous con-
sent ; but in the absence of unanimous consent the
gentleman must be confined to the hour rule. The
contestant has spoken his hour, and theieforehe
is not entitled to the close.
Mr. HOLMAN, That was the rule in the Bar-
reft and Blair case.
The SPEAKER. That was done by unani-
mous consent on the suggestion of Mr. Phelps,
of Missouri. It was also done twice during this
session. In this case no such arrangement was
made, and it is therefore governed by the rule of i
the House, which is that a member cannot speak
longer than an hour, and cannot speak twice on
the same subject while any other member desires
to speak.
Mr. SWEAT. I ask unanimous consent of
the House that the contestant be allowed half an
hour to reply.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I think that in a case where
the committee submits it without discussion, if
the parties are permitted to speak one hour each,
that is all that can be asked of the House.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, if I had consulted
my own feelings 1 am sure that, seeing what has
transpired in the House I would have agreed that
the contestant should have the time he asked
to conclude his speech. And I state now that if
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] will with-
draw his objection I will yet give way, and give
the contestant an opportunity to do so. 1 have
no objection, though it may be unfair to me, that
he shall print a speech whicn I have not heard
delivered, and which, theiefore, I cannot reply
to. I now ask the gentleman from Iowa if he is
still disposed to stick to his position.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, once for all I will
say that my sole object in objecting to the con-
testant concluding his speech was to save time. I
have been sick at heart with the manner in which
the time of the House has been squandered. I
knew when I made my objection that I would be
misunderstood, and that it would be attributed to
wrong motives. 1 am only sorry that I did not
commence objecting at the beginning of the ses-
sion to any extension of time, for a man who can-
not tell his story in an hour cannot tell it at all,
[Laughter.] That is my opinion. 1 do not with-
draw the objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I approve
the gentleman's determination, and hope he will
interfere in every such case that arises.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, this case is very
different from any that has been presented to the
House. It is a peisonal attack upon me. If it
was only to be heard by the people of my district,
I would not condescend to reply to any remark
which thecontestant has made. He commenced
his canvass for Congress in June, and broughtit
down to November. I never met him, I never
went to hear him, I never saw him, to counteract
one single word that he ever uttered to the people
of my district, although it was detraction and
abuse of me from beginning to end. Why ? Be-
cause I had lived among those people more than
twenty-five years, and he had been there yet
longer. I met him twice: once at his own county
town, when I was there holding court. I came
in contact with him then for the first time; anil 1
met him two weeks after that at the Liberty court,
where my duties called me. That was the second
time I met him. These were the only times I ever
met this contestant in the canvass. I knew what
his course was. I have his circulars here in which
he made the most outrageous misrepresentation
of my true position that could possibly be con-
cocted. But I paid no attention to them.
The burden of his charges was judicial and
military tyranny. I have said, and I say now
without fear of contradiction, that I have pre-
sided over that circuit for some fourteen years,
and that never, until it escaped from the hps of
this contestant, have I ever heard that I ever was
charged with judicial corruption.
Now as to my military career. My heart has
been in the defense of my country. I was against
the rebels. I was against the rebellion, in the
dark days of 1861 1 said that it was necessary
we should have troops. The rebels had posses-
sion of the whole country, my own county as
well as others. I had a son in command of a
regiment of What were called six months'men.
It was found necessary to raise three years' men.
He ascertained that he was unable to leave his
men, he being in command of raw recruits. I
volunteered my services to raise his regiment. I
applied to General Schofield, not to be commis-
sioned, not to be a division inspector, not to be
an aid, but to help my son to raise his regiment
and to put it into the field. I applied to Geneial
Schofield that when I had recruited a company I
might muster them in and make an end of it. He
said that he would arrange the matter; that he
would get the Governor to appoint me an aid.
with the rank and title of colonel of cavalry. He
