£%
APPENDIX T(t> THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Febmary 9,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Enlistments in the Army—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
orable Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, has determ-
ined to confine the question of the enrollment and
pay of troops to that single issue,and not involve
with it the consideration of the abolition of sla-
very within the States by act of Congress.
Some remarks have been made, however, upon
this bill and upon the subject of the Crittenden
compromise, as it is called, this morning, which
lead me, with the indulgence of the Senate, to
make some general observations not very perti-
nent to the bill under consideration, but bearing
upon the present state of the slavery question.
Mr. President, if we look at this question as now
presented under the present aspect of affairs, we
see at once that three y^ars of war have changed the
slavery issue altogether. Whatare the facts ? In
1860 the sole issue concerning slavery was, shall
it niter the Territories? It had nothing to do with
slavery in the States. The question of slavery in
ttie States was entirely disclaimed. Neither the
purpose nor the power to interfere with slavery
m the States under the Constitution was claimed
in 1860, and never has been claimed by any party
in this country, not even by the abolition party
from its firstorganization. Neither the Democratic
parly, the Whig party, the Republican party, nor
the Abolition party everclaimed, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, the power to legis-
late on the subject of slavery within the jurisdic-
tion of the States. The sole issue, therefore, so far
as slavery was concerned in I860 was, shall sla-
very enter the Territories? The people in the elec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln decided that slavery should
not enter the Territories, and that was all they
decided.
After that election, in December, 1860, we met
here in the Halls of Congress. The champions
of slavery extension and slavery propngaiulism
raised the same issue in a new form. They said
to the representatives ofthe incoming Administra-
tion, " It" you will change the Constitution so as
to guaranty slavery in all the territory south of
36° 30' winch we now have or may hereafter ac-
quire, we will submit to the election of Mr. Lin-
coln; we will remain in the Union; but if you will
not consent to such an amendment wo will make
war upon the Government and break up the
Union." Those representatives refused so to
amend the Constitution. The champions of sla-
very appealed to arms and to the God of battles.
By that appeal to that dread tribunal they have
changed the issue. It is no longer whether slavery
shall go into the Territories. Thatis already de-
cided against them. Slavery is abolished in all
the Teiritoriesof the United fcStates, and from this
time henceforth and forever the foot ofa slave call
never tread one inch of the soil of the American
Territories.
But, 1 repeat, sir, in making thin appeal to the
God of battles and to high Heaven they have
raised other issues. Sowing to the wind they have
reaped the whirlwind. In declaring war against
the Union they have raised the question whether
this Government shall live or die. In declaring
that they would not submit to the decisions ofa
majority of the people at the ballot-box, in ac-
cordance with the express provisions ofthe Con-
stitution, they have raised the question whether
republican constitutional liberty itself, based upon
the divine right of the majority to rule, shall not
perish forever. They did more, sir. When they
made this appeal to the God of battles and im-
piously asked the blessing of Heaven upon their ■!
cause they openly and boldly proclaimed to the ;|
whole civilized world that they made war against ''
the United States in the name of slavery and under ; j
the llag ot slaveiy. Slavery was to be the coi- !
ner-stone of their southern confederacy. In the I
name of slavery they drew the sword; in the name
of slavery they plunged it toward the heart of this j
Republic. But, sir, under the providenccof that i
God to whose decision they appealed, that sword !
has been plunged back into itsownvitals and its ,]
life-blood is gushing all around us. :|
They not only avowed slavery to be the corner- }
stone of their edifice, but they boldly proclaimed ,,
slavery to be a divine institution, founded upon !
the Bible itself. They unblushingly declared war
with the whole civilization of the present age. All :!
fii" familiar with the declarations of Mr. Stephens ■'
aii.1 lite leading men of this rebellion, which I will
not repeat. But there is one avowal made not
long ago in the Richmond Enquirer speaking for
the rebel cause published at the seat of its power,
in presence of Jefferson Davis and his congress
of conspirators, so remarkable in its character that
I will read from it a sentence or two:
"The establishment of this confederacy, based as it is
upon slavery, and upon the principles of'natural subordi-
nation, is verily a distinct reaction agaiust the whole course
of the ages' civilization." * * * * " For
'liberty, equality, fraternity,'weh<ive imperatively substi-
tuted 'slavery, subordination, Government.'" * *
* " " There are siave races, horn to serve, master
raecs born to govern." -v * * > "By these
principles we live, and in tiieir defense we have shown
ourselves ready to die. Reverently, we feel that our con-
federacy Is a God-sent missionary to the nations with great
tiuths to preach. We mustspeak them boldly, and wiioso
liaih ears to hear, let him hear."
Yes, sir, let him hear this confederacy now
waging war against this Government holdly avow
slavery as the corner-stone. Yes, let him hear
them declare, in the face of the whole world and
before high Heaven, war not only against the
American Republic, but war against the civiliza-
tion of the age; and, above all, let him hear them
impiously pretend that the so-called confederacy
is a God-sent missionary to preach slavery as the
new gospel ofa higher civilization to the nations of
the earth. This is the appeal, and this is the*form
undfer which they make their appeal to the arbi-
trament of the God of battles and in the face of
Heaven. I again repeat, Mr. President, thatby
this appeal which they themselves have taken,
they the traitors, and not the loyal people of the
United States, have wholly changed the slavery
issue, and have forced upon this country other
issues, issues which were not involved at all in
the canvass of 1860, namely, whether this Gov-
ernment shall live or die; whether a rebel confeder-
acy seeking nationality with slavery as its corner-
stone shall succeed or be blotted out; and whether
Christian civilization itself shall continue to make
progress or roll backward two thousand years.
These are the new issues which, in their appeal
in a form which I regard as little less than impi-
ous, they have made. I devoutly trust, I most
religiously believe, that the great Disposer of
events, in whose hands the destinies of nations
are held, will give to the loyal people of these
United States the wisdom, patriotism, unity, and
courage to maintain the Union of these States, to
crush the impious pretensions of slavery, and de-
fend the civilization of the age in which we live.
Slavery, Mr. President, is dying, dying all
around us. It is dying as a suicide dies. It is
dying in the house and at the hands of its own
professed friends. The sword which it would
have driven into the vitals of this Republic is par-
ried and thrust hack into its own. And, sir, let
it die; let it die. Without any sympathy of mine,
slavery with all its abominations may die and go
into everlasting perdition. But it is to the all-
important fact that slavery is dying that I would
call the attention of the Senate for a moment.
Look around you. Look at.WestVirginia: sla-
very is not only dying, but it is dead and buried
beyond resurrection, upon the soil of West Vir-
ginia. How is it m the Stute of Missouri? Sla-
very is dying there; ay, practically dead. The
simple question among that people now is, when
shall its funeral be fixed? When shall its final
burial take place?
How is it in the State of Maryland? Mr.Thomas,
atone time Governor of that State, speaking upon
that, subject at Rockville, said not long since:
" Slavery is effectually dead in this State. No lot of one
bundled slaves in the State will sell on the block for $1,000.
No slave in the Stale can be made to render 10 his ' owner'
more of his labor than he elects to tender, or to remain under
his ]un&diet«<^t a month after he elects to flee fioni it.
Such are the results of the war for the benefit of shivery
made upon the legal and coubUtuuonal rights ot white labor
throughout the Union.">
The other day wo all listened with earnest at-
tention as well as grpar joy to the eloquent speech I
of the Senator from Mai viand, [M>\ Johnson,] '
when from an outgushiiiflf heart In- spoke the liv- |
ing truth in u thoughts that breathe and words that
burn." ^Ile declined to us, slavery is dead in the <
State ot Maryland. JFIis colleague says the same j
thing; slavery is a dead thing in the State of Ma- !
ryland, a thing of thp past, a thing that was, which
no more to exist in the futuie of that State.
Sir, at such a progress the veryangcta in heavui
rejoice, and all who love liberty on earth singho-
sannas to the God of heaven.
How is it in the State of Tennessee? The
Nashville Union, speaking for the people of that
State, not long ago said:
"What Governor Thomas says of slavery in Maryland
is equally ttue of slavery in Tennessee. No slave here can
be compelled to wotk for his owner against his will, nor
can a slave be made to remain with Ins owner unless he
chooses to do so. Whenever a tlave is dissatisfied with
his home he walks off, as freely as a black man would in
a northern State or in Europe.
"In Tennessee the slave code is dead; and the master
has no longer absolute control over the body and limbs of
his former bondsman. We doubt whether any slaveholder
in Tennessee has faith enough in the restoration ol the
system of compulsory labor to give $100 in good money for
the best negro among us."
And what did Governor Andrew Johnson,
speaking upon this subject to the people of the
State of Tennessee on the 8th day of January
last, say? I cannot mention the name of Andrew
Johnson of Tennessee without paying the high-
est tribute to him and to the course he has pur-
sued in the midst of this struggle, of which lan-
guage is capable. Sir, statesmen have done well,
generals have won victories in the field, but to
Andrew Johnson of Tennessee, for the course
pursued by him in this Senate and in the State of
Tennessee, this nation, the American people, owe
a debt of gratitude which they can never repay.
Sir, I tiust in God the time is not fardistant when
we may hear his voice once more within the Halls
of this Senate Chamber. On the 8th day of Jan-
uary last, in a speech at Nashville on this sub-
ject, he said:
"Before the rebellion we could discuss all institutions,
all subjects, all measures except slavery. On that subject
no one dared speak or wiiteor print, except on the side of
the slave aristocracy. Now, thank God, the time hascome
when the press is unmuzzled, when the press can discuss
l\u$ and all other subjects. The time has come when this
institution is dead, when the chains are broken and the
captiveM'tfree. The institutionisdead,and slavesmenot
worth a quarter of a dollar a dozen. Being dead, lot us in a
becoming manner prepare for the funeral obsequies. Now is
the timetodispose of this great question."
Again, in the course of the same spccch, he
said:
"The edict has gone forth, and all that remains to be
done is to change the relation of master and slave. The
day is not far distant when this nation wdl be the great
center of civilization, ofthe arts and sciences, and of true
religion. Time was when the tide of emigiation ian west-
ward; the time will soon be when it will run southward.
Let us go on with our mighty work. To talk aboutbieak-
ing up a Government like this foi slaveiy I It is madness.
Let it go on with its great mission."
Again, and stili later, on the 21st of January,
at a laige meeting of Union citizcns in the Stale of
Tennessee, held in the hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives of that State in Nashville,Mr. John-
son said:
" Is there a man here that has observed this thing who
does not know that the institution of slavery in Tennessee
is dead?1'
Among the resolutions adopted at this meeting,
resolutions taking measures to hold a convention
in that State to frame a constitution based upon
this fact, that slavery is dead in Tennessee, I find
the following:
" Resolved, That as slavery was the cause of all our
tioubles,and as it is an unmitigated evil in it&elf, and since
n may be considered dead by the acts of its own fi lends,
that it may never be resurrected to enable a small minmity
to bring the ruin upon our childien that it has upon u<, we
here pledge ouu-elvea to use all our influence to elcet Mich
men, and only such men, as delegates to such convention
as shall be in favor ot immediate and univeis-al emancipa-
tion now and forever. And we invite our fellow-citizens
everywhere touriitcwith us on this platform, and thus use
the opportune moment to free ourselves and our portent}
fiom the bondage in which we have been so long enslaved
by the influence of an arrogant, domineering aristocracy."
Here we find Mr. John^n, acting Governor
of Tennessee, long a Senator and Representative
from Tennessee, who knows better than any other
the actual condition of things m that State, in this
speech declaring in most positive terms thatovery
person who observes for himself knows that sla-
very is dead in the State of Tennessee; and the
people, who are now organizing for the purpose
of accepting this as an accomplished fact, and of
placing it in the constitution of the State of Ten-
nessee, in their resolutions declare the same fact,
that slavery is dead, and that it has died at the
hands of its own pretended friends.
In Arkansas, under the lead of General Gantt
and others, a constitution is already formed,
making Aikanaas forever a free State.
