THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, FUELISHES) BY JOHN C. KIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
]N'ewSf.ries:....NO.4P. *
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1864.
abandoned his home and family and entered the
Aimy as a private soldier. He has been in that
service ever since. His farm has been neglected,
his family abandoned, and he has found it utterly
impossible to raise money enough to purchase
another warrant. He has before him the pros-
pect of having to witness his home being taken
from him and his wife and children turned out
while lie is himself engaged in bearing arms in
the service of his country.
1 suppose, Mr. Speaker, that this man could
get his land free under the hosnestead law, but I
am unwilling to put him to that course. The
committee thoughtthat, under the circumstances,
owing to the peculiar hardship of the case, through
the laches of the Government in putting into cir-
culation a warrant which it subsequently alleges
was obtained by false pretenses, taking into con-
sideration the good faith of the soldier, the service
he is now rendering, and the impossibility of re-
deeming himself through absence in the Army, 1
believe the House will feel disposed to pass the
bill,for his relief.
The question being on the engrossment and
third reading of the bill,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for a
division.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Washburne of Illinois, and Yeaman.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, no 1.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative to
make a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
has no right to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a right to vote
on every question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Under the
rules the Chair has no right to vote unless there
be a tie vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have a prece-
dent on the subject read, as he claims the right
to vote. The Clerk will read from the note to
page 159 of the rules of the House of Represent-
atives.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On a very important question taken December 9,1803,
on an amendment to the Constitution so as to change the
form of voting for President and Vice President, which re-
quited a vote of two thirds, there appealed 83 m the aflh ill-
ative and 42 in the negative; it wanted one \ote in the nl-
firinative to make the constitutional majority. The Speaker,
(Macon,) notwithstanding a prohibition in the «ule a> it then
existed, claimed and obtained Ins right to vote, and voted
in the aftiimative; and it was by that vote that the amund-
mdtt to tiie Constitution was earned. The unlit of the
Speaker, a? a member ot the House, to vote on all questions
i-> secured by the Constitution. No act of the House can
take it from him when he chooses to exercise it."
The SPEAKER. The Chair chooses to exer-
cise the right in this instance.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the rule of the House be read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read rule 7.
The rule was read, as follows:
{£ In all cases of ballot by the House, the Speaker shall
vote; in other cases he shall not be required to vote unless
the IIou e be equally divided, or unleo* his vote, if given to
the minority, will make the division equal; and in case of
sueh equal division, the question shall be lost."
The SPEAKER. When there is a tie vote or
a ballot vote, the Chair can be required to vote;
but as the House will observe, on one of the most
important questions that can come before the
House, a ptoposed amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, one of the predecessors
of the present occupant of the chair, (Mr. Ma-
con,) claimed the right to vote, and the right was
conceded, notwithstanding the prohibitory char-
acter of the rule then existing, but which has
since been modified as just read. The Chair there-
fore thinks, although it is not usual to vote except
in cases of a tie vote or to make a quorum, that
he has the right to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
Chair disregards the rule of the House.
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the Chair enforces
the lule of the House.
The bill was engrossed and read the third time.
40
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
The bill was passed; there being, on a division
—ayes 90, noes 2.
Mr. THAYER nfbved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 2; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Randall of Kentucky and Ross.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table, the tellers having reported—ayes 114, noes2.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. CLAY. I am directed by the Committee
on Agriculture to report the following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
Superintendent ol Public Printing be, and he is hereby, in-
structed to print one hundred thousand additional copies
of the annual agricultural report for the year 1862, eighty
thousand ot winch for the a e ofthe members of the House,
and twenty thousand for the use of the Agricultural De-
partment.
Resolved further, That the said copies shall be bound
with the plates or pictuies distributed throughout the vol-
ume where the subject-matter is treated of, similar to those
heretofore punted and bound for the Commissioner of Agri-
culture.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from Michigan [Mt.Beaman] will
present and have read to the House a petition
which he has received on this subject.
Mr. BEAMAN. Itis in the hands ofthe Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, under the
rules, must go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CLAY. Why?
The SPEAKER. Because it provides for print-
ing of extra numbers of a public document.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. WHALEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to report the following!
Whereas the *.pnce assigned to the Deportment of Agri-
culture, in the Patent Office building, included between the
central crypt and the we-t wing, ir  the i'ust story on the
south front, is entnely inadequate to the necessities of the
Depaifinent—two of"the loom-, within these limits being
iwd .is fumace-ioonw for tin- Patent Office, one as a chem-
ical iaboiatory, and another havmgieeently been taken for
the use ofthe Laud Office—havimc but five moms within
one small store-ioom tor the buMiie^s of the Department;
and whereas additional room* aie indispensably nece^aiy
foi the convenience of the Commi-^ionei, for the accom-
modation of the clerks engaged in the collection and com-
pilation of statHticsand in othei official duties, for the bet-
ter accommodation ot the opeiauon1' oi the chemist in mak-
incaaricultuial tests, anrihse-, and e.\pt i unents, and for the
anangement and exhibition ot poinological, entomological,
and agricultural specimens, models, and painting?: There-
foie,
Br itrcsohcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congas assembled, That
in addition to the rooms* now occupied bv the Department
of Agt iculturo theie *hall be, and hoieby Ls assigned to the
said Derailment the Miite of roonn upon the fir.-t floor in-
cluded between the southwest coiner and the western en-
trance ot the Patent Otfiee bmldmg.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, this is an im-
portant matter, and I hope that it will not be passed
without further investigation. As! understand
the purpose of Congress in creating the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, it was not intended that it
should grow and increase in magnitude so as to
be equal to almost any Department of the Govern-
ment in point of expenditures. It was created
rather for the benefit of agriculture than the em-
ployment of a large number of clerks. The ap-
propriation made last year is, I understand, al-
ready expended, and there have been additional
sums expended without any authority of law
whatever. I understand further that the Com-
missioner of Agriculture has already applied to
the Senate for $20,000 as a deficiency.
By looking at the estimates for this year 1 ob-
serve that there are to be two clerks employed
solely for the purpose of disbursing the amount
to be paid to employes of that Department. On
looking at the number I find that those who are
permanently em ployed exceed the number of those
employed in the State Department, and that there
is a much larger excess in the number of tempo-
rary employes. I do not believe that Congress
intended so large an outlay. I do not believe it
was the purpose of Congress to authorize so ex-
pensive an establishment, though no man in this
House is a better friend of agriculture and agri-
culturists than I am. By a simple provision ot
a few lines creating this iDepartment power was
given to employ a chief clerk and a botanist, chem-
ist, and entomologist for such time as their ser-
vices might be needed. We have now all these
permanently employed for each of the purposes
indicated. The law only permitted the Commis-
sioner to employ oiher personsas.Congress might
from time to time provide, buta draughtsman and
translator have been asked for, and many other
persons have been employed without the sanction
of law. I do not know but all these unlicensed
expenditures are necessary, but! believe that it'
would be wise in Congress to wait until the select
committee appointed to investigate certain matters
in reference to the Depai tment can have time to re-
poit, until that committee can examine whether
the moneys we have aiteady appropriated have
been wisely and properly expended, and until we
know whether the rooms proposed can be set
apart without inconvenience to other Departments
or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the resolution be referred to the select committee.
Mr. ORTH. The select committee, of which
I am ihanman, have no power to investigate the
expenses of the Department of Agriculture.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. WHALEY. We do not upon this joint
resolution propose to enter into any discussion on
the subject of expenditures. We do not choose
to keep* that Department in a cramped condition
where they have not room, at the present time, to
be even comfortable. The Committee on Agri-
culture will probably have an opportunity here-
after to discuss this question of expenditures. f
propose by this resolution, as instructed by the
committee, to give them the four additional
rooms which they need.
The motion to refer the joint resolution to the
select committee was not agreed to.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the resolution
been engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lcall for the reading
of the engrossed bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the House ad-
journ; and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. I move that when the House ad-
journs u adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WILSON. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mallory, and
Mr. Dams of Maryland, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-three, a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—-yeas 77, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-rs. Jaiues C. Allen, William J. Allen. An-
cona, Bailv, Augu&tu> C. Baldwin, Jacob U. Mair, Bliss,
Bojd, Ilronk^JaW5? S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chan-
ler, Clav, Cofftoth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Eden, Ed«er-
ton. Eldndge, English, Gannon. Glider, Gnswoid, Hale,
Hall, Haidintr, Benjamin G. Harris, Hernck, Boiman,
fiotchki--. fiutehnis, William Johnson, Kulbfiuiscli, Ker-
nan, Kins, Knapp, Law. Lazear. Lc Blond,Long. Mallory,
Marey, McDowell, McKinney, Moorhe.id,idim-sR.Morris,
Kelson, Noble, Patterson, Pendleton, Perry, Pike, Pruyn*
ttadioid. Samuel Randall, Kogeis, Edward 11. Rollins,
James* S. Rolling iio^. Scott. Smith, Starr, John B.Ste^
Stiles, Stroud', Stuait/rfwoat, Thomas, Wads.worth, "
iter, Whah-'V, Wheeler. Chilton A. White, Josepi* Wv
White, W i!liam<. and Fernando Wood—J7 
NAYS Mesais. Alley, Anies, Arnold, John D^tJaUlwm,.
Baxter, Beamaiij Boutwell, Braiidegee,BiooaialI, fc reemaa
