1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it-
38th Cong... Jst Sess.
Enlistments in the Army-—Mr. Doolitile.
Sewate.
Why should not the real friends of freedom,
in spile even of the tenible war in which we are
still engaged, hold one general jubilee, one grand
day of national thanksgiving at the great progress
which it has already made?
Again, Mr. President, how does slavery stand
in the State of Louisiana? I undertake to say
that all parties in that State this day accept the
same fact, that slavery is an institution of the
past, that slavery is dead in the State of Louisiana.
The relation of master and slave there has been
utterly broken up, in fact. It no longer exists.
The people of Louisiana are now organizing, ac-
cepting this as a fact, to form the basis of a new
constitution to make Louisiana forever a free
State of the American Union. I have seen a very
recent letter from the commanding general of that
department. Speaking upon this subject in most
clear and unequivocal terms, General Banks says:
"It gives me great pleasure to report the progress making
in the State election. All parlies participate in the selec-
tion of candidates, and a veiy handsome vote will be given.
Xota word is heard fiomany one of a restoiation of slavery."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator pardon
me one moment for asking him a question? Is
the election to be a ft ee one, or is it to be governed
by military restraint, as it was governed in Del-
aware and in Maryland?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The election is free to all
who will take the oath of loyalty and to support
the Constitution of the United States, as pre-
scribed in the Sta<te of Louisiana.
Mr. SAULSBURY. is that the only oatli ne-
cessary? Can they vote by taking that oath?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Substantially that. Trai-
tors and those who have taken part as traitors are
not invited to take part m the election unless they
will take the oalh.
But to continue: "And no objection," says
General Banks,44 is made to the free-State basis
on which the election is based." " The mass of
the people are entirely satisfied," with the speedy
organization of the State. "The election will
give more general satisfaction than any that has
taken place in twenty years." He speaks of the
mass of the people of Louisiana. Of those reb-
els who have left the State of Louisiana and who
are now in the armies of the confederacy, he does
not speak; they are not there; but of the mass of
the people wl^o remain in Louisiana he says that
now at this day they will be entirely satisfied with
the election, and that no person speaks of the
restoration of slavery, but all are satisfied with
the organization of Louisiana upon the free-State
basis; all accept the fact which ispatentto ali the
world, that slavery as an institution in that State
has ceased to exist.
1 know, Mr. President, questions are sometimes
raised and discussed as to what has caused the
death of slavery. There are some who maintain
in all sincerity the proclamation of the President
has destroyed slavery within those States. There
are some who say the abolitionists of the country
have destroyed slavery within the States. Some
say the legislation of Congress has destroyed
slavery in the States, and some say the destruc-
tion of slavery is the necessary consequence of
the war; the unavoidable result of the occupa-
tion of their territory by the armies of the Union.
My own opinion is, that while all these may have
done something, much, perhaps, in producing this
result, more than all of them put together, the
insane madness ofthe pretended friends of slavery
by declaring war upon this Government in the
name of slavery; by waging that war under the
flag of slavery; by drawing the sword of slavery
themselves to plunge it into the heart of this Re-
public, they have themselves done more than all
other things combined to put an end to that insti-
tution forever on the American continent.
God, the Almighty, has suffered the madness
of these men to bring on an issue which alone
could solve the great problem of American sla-
very.
The first shot fired at Fort Sumter was the
death-knell of slavery. The issue of 18G0, as 1
have said, was whether slavery should enter the
Territories. By that act they, the champions of
slavery, changed the issue. It was nottheparty
which elected Mr. Lincoln President of the United
States. The champions of slavery btoughton
this wat which invoives*he destruction of slavery
within the States, not the Republican party. For
the issue of 3860, whether slavery shall enter the
Territories, they have forced upon the country
this other and greater issue, whether liberty and
Union shall live or slavery die upon the soil of
every State of the United States, in reply to this
often-repeated charge that the Republican party
have changed the issue and proved false to their
pledges, I am prepared to go further and show
that, so far as the institution of slavery is con-
cerned within the States, that party never-sought
to change their ground nor to interfere with it at
all until the necessities of the war forced it upon
them. Indeed, sir, if they had not made war upon
the Government slavery never stood stronger nor
better defended by State guarantees, nor, so far as
this Government is concerned, by Federal guar-
antees within the States, than it did on the 4th
day of March, 1861; and if those men had con-
sented to remain within the Union, if they had
not made war upon this Government, there was
no power on the part of this Government nor of
any party within the free States in the slightest
degree to affect or destroy the institution of
slavery.
You know, Mr. President, that the fugitive
slavejaw, harsh, and, I will say, barbarous as
some of its provisions were, was still a law upon
our statute-books, and was enforced in every State
ofthe Union; it was enforced in Massachusetts;
it waf enforced in New York; it was enforced in
Ohio; it was enforced in Wisconsin; and at the
very time when Mr. Lincoln was elected Presi-
dent of the United States a citizen of Wisconsin
was in jail, imprisoned for the violation of the
fugitive slave law, from which,and upon the last
day of Mr. Buchanan's Administration, he was
pardoned as an act of grace. These are the facts.
More, the census report before me shows that
notwithstanding all the controversies we had upon
the subject of the fugitive slave law and its en-
forcement, from 1850 down to I860, there were
less per cent, escapes of fugitive slaves than at
any former period of the Government. I "will
read a short extract from this report:
" The number of slaves wjio escaped from their masters
in I860 is not only much less in proportion than in 1850,
but gieatly reduced numerically. The Greatest increase of
escapes appears to have occurred in Mississippi,Missomi,
and Vhginia, while the deeiease is most inaiked m Dela-
ware, Georgia, Louisiana,'Maiyland, and Tennessee.
"That the complaint of inseeuiity to slave piopeity by
the escape of tins class of persons into the tree States, and
their lecovery impeded, whereby its value has been lets-
ened, is the result of misapprehension, is evident not only
from the Pinal 1 numbei who have been lost to their owners,
but from the fact that up to thepiesenttunc the numljci of
escapes has been gradually diminishing to such an extent
that the whole annual loss to the southern Slates fiom this
cause bears less piopomon to the amount ol capital in-
volved than the daily vaiiatione> which in ordinary times
occur in The fluctuations of State oi Government securities
in the city of New York alone. **
"Fiom'the tables annexed it appears that while there
escaped from then masters l50ii slaves in 1850, or 1 in each
3,165 held in bondage, (being about one thirtieth of one
per cent.,) duiing life census year ending June 1. 1860. out
of 3,949,557 slaves, therecscapcd only 803, being I to about
5,000, or at the iate of one liftieC.i of one per cent."
I have read thisextractfor the purpose ofshow-
ing the statement 1 made to be correct, that not-
withstanding all this pretended opposition to the
enforcement of the fugitive slave law within the
free States, from 3850 to 1860 the actual escapes of ;
slaves grew less and less, so that all this pretense
of the rebels that the escape of their slaves was
any excuse for them to plunge this country into
civil war is without foundation. You know very
well, sir, that if the champions of slavery and slave
propagandism had peaceably submitted to the
election of Mr. Lincoln, not the hair of the head
of slavery within any State could have been
touched. By every pledge which he had given,
by every pledge of every political party in this
country down to his election, it was always held
that the Congress of the United States and the
j Federal Government had no power over slavery
i within the States in a time of peace; and if the
j champions of slavery and slave propagandism
| had notplunged the country in war, had not made
this impious appeal to arms and to the God of
hosts they could have lived in peace within all the I
States and have held the institution of slavery j
under their own laws, accoiding to their own will, :
for their own disposition, beyond the power of j
this Government oi of any party in this Govern- ,
ment to interfere with it in any degree. B&t they
did no such thing. "Whom the gods destroy
they first make mad." It was their own madness',
their own insanity, their own blind-fanatical and
impious dogma that slavery is a divine institu-
tion, which, trampling* on civilization and out-
raging Heaven, by leading them to make war on
this Government, put the knife to the throat of
slavery. It is in the midst of its dying struggle.
Let them prepare for its last obsequies, and when
as mourners antl pall-bearers they attend its fu-
neral, let them remember its own friends put it to
death, and gain from that source all the consola-
tion it brings.
I remember very well a debate I once' had in
this body with Senator Mason, of Virginia, on
this point. He was always declaiming about the
loss of fugitive slaves from the State of Virginia.
I asked Sir. Mason, "How many do you lose
annually from the State of Virginia r" He re-
plied, " We have had a committee upon that sub-
ject who have gone into an estimate, and they
find we lose as much as $100,000 worth of slave
property every year." "Very well, sir, how
many slaves have you?" "About five hundred
thousand." "What are they estimated to be
worth?" You remember they were estimated
very high in those days—at about eight hundred
dollars apiece. Five hundred thousand slaves
at $800 apiece, would amount to the enormous
figure of $400,000,000. What is the loss of
$100,000 on $400,000,000? It is but one fortieth
of one per cent., a quarter of a mill on a dollar,
and I said to Mr. Mason then on this floor, "If
instead of continually denouncing the people of
New England for not enforcing the fugitive slave
law, and underground railroads, you would go
down to the city of Hartford and engage some of
those shrewd insurance men who have made that
city distinguished in that business to insure the
people of Virginia against escapes by fugitive
slaves, they could insure the whole slave property
of Virginia at one half of one per cent., and make
immense fortunes at that;" for the real loss was
only one fourth of one mill on the dollar. 1 re-
member very well the other question which I put
to him: "Sir, if you undertake to break up this
Union, if you propose to bring down that lino
beyond which fugitive slaves are not returned
from the northern border of Ohio and New York
to the north line of Virginia, how much will in-
sure your slave property then? will ten percent,
do it, or twenty per cent, do it, or fifty per cent,
do it?" Mr. President, they have tried the ex-
periment, and slavery lies in ruins all around us.
Slave property is utterly valueless. Slaves are
free as their masters.
The time has come which Mr. Randolph, a
distinguished statesman of Virginia, said would
come, when, if the slaves do not run away from
their masters, the masters will run away from
their slaves.
The time has come which was foretold by Mr.
Faulkner in the convention of Virginia in its bet-
tei days, in 1832, when it was proposed to abolish
slavery. He then, in substance, said, " If wo
shall attempt to break up this Union on accountof
slavery,atsmcofanguish and suffering will come
in Virginia compared with which the pestilence
that walketh in darkness and the destruction that
wasteth ot noon-day will be a blessing." They
have realized it all, and they have broughtitdown
on their own heads. It is not the Republican
party that has brought it upon them. They have
brought it upon themselves. By that overruling
providence of God which makes the madness of
men to do his work, of Him who rides the whirl-
wind and directs the storm, who rules the pas-
sions of men as He rules the winds of heaven and
the waves of the sea, in Htsown good lime and for
His own good purpose He has allowed the mad-
ness and the insanity of these men, in theirardent
and fanatical devotion to extend slavery and build
up slavery, to attempt to destroy this Govern-
ment, in order that He might overrule them to
utterly destroy slavery itselfand wipe it from this
continent forever.
Mr. President, I accept as a fact accomplished,
a part ofthe history of thiscountry, thatslavery
is dead, and I rejoice at it with inexpressible joy.
All wise statesmen act upon facts accomplished,
accept them, and go forward in accordance with
