1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
167 J
quent to the making of such contract, or "for the payment
of any sum, cither fi\ea or contingent, in default of the
dehveiy oi any j^old com or bullion, or of any totvign ex-
change, 01 upon any othri trims than the immediate man-
ual deliveiy of Mich gold com, or bullion, or foreign ex-
change, and the immediate payment in full of the agreed,
price theieol by the manual delivery of United s?totes notes,
or national cuir%ncy, and not otherwise.
It is us clear and explicitas language can make
it. If this bill weie the law, if the Senator from
Ohio to-day had $10,000 in gold and wished to
buy a foreign bill, he could not buy a bill and pay
for it in gold coin; he would have to buy Govern-
ment paper and convert that into coin, thus mak-
ing two transactions instead of one. There is no
doubt to my mind that the effect of this bill will
be as the honorable Senator from Missouri has
stated. It seems to me that the object of those
who are now tinkering with the currency is not
only to preventsales on time or on credit of gold
and foreign exchange, but to compel all payments
to be in the paper cuirency of the United States,
and in that alone. I have not a doubt that any
judge would construe this hill to moan that a man
could not buy these commodities and pay for them
exccpt in the paper currency of the United States.
That will be the effect; but if that is not intended
to be the effect, why not strike out this clause and
relieve it from embarrassmentand make it plain?
I think the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri should pievail. I am not going
to enter into any discussion as to theprinciples of
the bill. They have been very elaborately dis-
cussed by other Senators. The Senator from Ma-
ryland and the Senator from Vermont have made
very able arguments on the constitutional blanch
of the question. If I had had any doubt on the
unconstitutionality of the bill, the arguments of
those honoiable Senators would have convinced
me; but I had none ftom the beginning. I wish
simply to say that I do not believe any law of this
nature which we can pass will have any dFect
upon tlfe price of gold or of toieign exchange. 1
think we hai'e commenced at the wrong end m pro-
posing to tinker with gold. You can never, by
such legislation as this, depreciate the value of
gold and foreign exchange, for those articles are
not depreciable. Gold is the standard of value
throughout the whole commercial world. Gen-
tlemen who wish to effect the purpose which it is
said is sought by this bill should direct their op-
erations against the paper-money system. If they
would introduce and pass a bill to repeal the na-
tional banking law, sweep it from the statute-
book, and then make a suong sinking fund, uuse
taxes to meet a large portion of t he current wants
of the Government, and diminish the quantity of
paper money, they would place the Government
credston a firm and solid basis, and then they
would find that the outstanding paper money of
the Government and gold would come much nearer
together in value. That is the only way in which
it can be done. This bill, in my judgment, fix it
as you may, wit! have no t ffi-et other than a dele-
terious one. It wj)t cause fluctuations to go on
quickly and rapidly; but the tendency of paper
money will be down, down, unless you dimmish
the issues and pio.vule some mode of meeting ail
the Government indebtedness.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have sat and
listened to the discussion on this bill for these two
days, and I read it somewhat carefully bcfoie it
was brought up, and as 1 intend to vote for it I
want to make a simple explanation. I vote for
it, not because I think there is any viituem it,
not because I believe it will effect the object pro-
posed. I am very apprehensive that it will have
a dircctly contrary effect from what is anticipated
from it. My own judgment is that it is of the
character of the usury laws passed, as they are,
in most of the States, certainly most of the New
England States, the effect of which is to raise the
price of interest instead of lowering it. We have
on our statute-book, and have had ever since I
have known any thing about them, statutes ogamst
usury. I have nevei known one enforced. There
have bo en vauous attempts, but for some reason
oi other they have always failed; and the result
is that they raise the rati' of interest instead of
lowemi£ it, because when a man is going to take
a usurious interest am! finds that he violates the
law and runs the risk of a prosecution, he makes
the man who gets the money pay him for that
risk. It seems to me that will be the effect of this.
That is my private judgment. Hut, jir, in this
case, as the evil is great and tremendous, and as
those to whom we have committed this matter
have an impression that the bill may do good,and
the Secretary of the Treasury thinks it will do
good, I have concluded to put my own private
opinions in my pocket, and to vote upon the au-
thority of the committee and the authority of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
One single word I want to say in regard to my
friend from Kansas who feels so grieved that his
thunder has been stolen from him. That is a
grievance that I have suffered for along time, and
I hardly ever hear one of these lampant, tremen-
dous anti-slavery speeches made from those that
have so recently come upon that platform that I
do not feel inside a little pious grief that my
thunder has been stolen, but 1 have never venti-
lated it before the Senate and have borne it in
silence. [Laughter.]
The amendment of Mr. Henderson to the
amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance as amended.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senator fiom New Hampshire that I do not ask
his sympathy in this matter. I feel thai-! have
had justice done to me by the Senate.
The amendment us amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 call the attention of the
honorable member from Ohio and of the Senate
to what I suppose to be the meaning of this bill
as it stands, as it now is-, and I think that is not
intended by the member or by the Senate. By
the fouith section of the bill it is piovided that
he who offends against the act shall be held guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction ''be fined
$1,000, or be imprisoned for a period not less
than thiee months nor longer than one year, or
both, at the discretion of the point."' Under that
clause it is very evident that an indictment will
lie, and under that indictment the man may be
fined $1,000or he may be imprisoned font period
not less than three months nor exceeding one
yeai, or he may bo both fined §1,000 and im-
prisoned within these limits. Now the fifth sec-
tion says: "The penalty imposed by the fourth
section of this act," which is a fine of $>1,000,
"maybe lecoverrd in an action at law in any
couit of record of the United States, or any court
of competent jurisdiction, which neuon maybe
brought in the name of the United States by any
person w ho will sue for said penalty, one half for
the use of the United States and the other half
for the use of the person bringing sueh action."
In other woids, u qui lam action is given to re-
cover the pecuniary penalty, it may be enforced
as against the offender under the piecedmg sec-
tion; and it goes on to say:
"And ihe recovery and satisfaction of a judgment in any
such action r-iialt be a iui to tin1 imposition oi anline loi
the sump ofterw in any pio-eemnm instituted siibsequem
to the loeoveiy of Mid) judgment.'5
Now, suppose i hat a criminal piosecut;on , un-
der the fouith section, is instituted before the in-
stitution of the qui tam action, and the man has
been fined and has paid Ins thousand dollars, do
you mean to say that he is to temnm liable to a
qui tam action at the instance of an informer,and
that he is to be mulcted in another thousand dol-
lars r If you do not, I submit that the fifth section
ought to be amended. All it does now is to say
that if the gut tam action is instituted first, and
has resulted m the recovery of a thousand dollars,
the penalty provided by the preceding section, it
shall be a bar to a proceeding under the preced-
ing section, as far as that penalty is concerned;
but it leaves the party liable still to a pioceeding
under the preceding section, as far as the impus-
onment is concerned. I think that very clear.
That is not, as 1 think, the intention of the Sen-
ate. I suppose that the Senate mean, and that
the Commune on Finance, by whom these two
sections weie drafted, mean to say that as far as
the pecuniary penalty is concerned, whether the
proceeding he a proceeding under the fourth sec-
tion, or a qui tam action under the fifth section,
the party offending shall be made to "pay but
$1,000. That they have accomplished, piovided
the criminal proceeding under the fourth section
is instituted subsequent to the qui Unn pioceed-
ing under the fifth section; but if the rjinmuU
psoitedinp is instituted belme the qui htm pio-
ceeding, and the man has been made to pay the
§1,000, and he is then proceeded against under
the qui tain section, he may be made to pay the
same sum a second time to the informer. I think
my friend from Ohio will see that that is the ( ffect
of the bill. The language as it stands now is
that " the recovery and satisfaction of a judgment
in any such action," that is to say any action
such as the fifth section provides, "shall bo a
bar to the imposition of any fine for the same of-
fense in any prosecution instituted subsequent to
the recovery of such judgment." But of course
there may be a prosecution instituted before and
prosecuted before to a successful termination, and
the man may have paid his fine or may remain
liable foi his fine, and in that case, as I under*
stand the fifth section, he wilhremam liable to be
proceeded against for the same penalty, $1,000,
under this fifth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. It wili not be so construed.
Mr. JOHNSON. How can it possibly be con-
strued in anv other way:
Mr. SHERMAN. I have read this sect ton two
or three times^rnd it does seem to me to be about
as plain as we can make it. A person may bo
convicted of the offense, and be fined and im-
prisoned; or the penalty by fine may be stopped,
by an action of debt by a oommon informer. It
seems to me there is no difficulty in the way. If
a person who is brought up under the fourth sec-
tion is able to show that he has been convicted
and fined under the fifth section, he cannot befined
again.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mi. SHERMAN. But may be sent to prison.
I think that is right.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the difficulty, i
was unfortunate in explaining myself. If he has
been piooeeded against underthe fifth section and
made to pay a fine of $l,000'under that section*
and is afterwauls proceeded against under the
fouith section, he can plead, in defense of the at-
tempt to recovei the penalty from him under the
fouith section, that he has already paid it under
the fifth. Rut suppo*^ he is first proceed* d against
under the fourth section, and is made to pay
$1,000 by that proceeding,and he is subsequently
pioceeded against under the fifth section, can he
get c fear of that qui tam action by showing that he
ha? already paid $1,000 under a judgment pro-
nounced against hun upon an indictment under
the fourth section? I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You get rid of the whole
difficulty by striking out the word " subsequent-
ly.M
" Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not necessary to strike
(nit anything. Cfeaily, 'f the Senator from Ma-
ryland will i < fleet a moment, he will see it. The
fifth section authorizes a suit to be brought, to
ieco\ or \v hot r
Mr. JOHNSON. A thousand doUars.
Mr.TlUJiY] BULL. No: " the penalty imposed
by tin- fourth section," Suppose the penalty im-
posi d by the fouith section has been collected m
a eiuniunl pioceeding und'n that section, is there
eny p'-nalty thru to be recovered by the gin foni
no53->!3 ^ C!e:uiynot.
Mr. HENDERSON. Th.u action is for ihe
am onnt.
M r. THUM BULL. For'Mho penalty." The
fifth section nuthorizes, what5 The recovery in
a qui tam action of the penalty imposed by the
fouith. The pi-mdty imposed by the fourth sec-
tion lias been collected m a criminal suit, is there
any penalty left to be collect* tl?
- Mr. JOHNSON. But that is not collected by
the informer. To whom do yon give it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing to col-
lect. There is no penalty after the fine has been
paid in the criminal pioceeding. That is the end
of it; and then if an informer brings ,a qui tam
action to recover the same penally that has already
been paid, the defendant shows that he is not sub-
ject to any penalty, that he is d'lschaiged by the
criminal proceeding. It is very manifest to me
that there is no trouble about it.
However, before the question is t-iken, I wish
to move to strike out the words "ihe bona fide
ovvnei," in the sixteenth line of the first section
of the amendment of the committee; and I hop«*
the Stnatoi from Ohio will agtcc tn it. Itscema
to me thet that section, ns it is funned, will din
errdit 111 r ■ bonds of the Government I will ilhib-
Uvoe n bv.-upposif* ;? rjw : b !*• <!««• fameid«*n flm1.
