1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
the Senator from Missouri has already presented.
Suppose that a widow in my Slate owns some of
the five-twenty bonds—and there are many such
cases all over the country-—she cannotcollecther
coupons in Illinois; they are not paid ingold there.
She sends them on to New York to a banker, and
he collects gold for them. She does not want that
gold; it is not to be sent to her in Illinois; but she
wants it sold, and to receive the avails of it. Can
the banker in New York sell it for her?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mi*. TRUMBULL. Let us see. Is he " the
bonajide owner" of it? Who owns that gold?
Who owns the gold received for those coupons?
.He is her agent in the city of New York to col-
lect the coupons; he does it.' Is he "the bona
fide owner" of that gold ? I submit it to the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that he is the owner
for the purpose indicated, and that would be so
held by the courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "The bona fide owner?"
Mr. SHERMAN. He is the legal possessor
for his pui pose. He lias the Qualified ownership
and can protect it. He can bring an action to
maintain his right to its possession. If we are
going into technicalities, he could bring an action
1 of trover under the old law for the very money,
the identical money lie received, the particular
piecesof gold, and oven in that action,where the
plaintiff must allege and prove ownership, it
would be a sufficient ownership to enable him to
maintain the action.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that for cer-
tain purposes both the bailor and bailee are re-
garded as the owner of the property. In a case
of larceny, you may allege sometimes that the
article is stolon from one or the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. The case which the Sena-
tor contemplates is not embraced in the first sec-
tion. When gold is sold for cash and actually
delivered, it makes no difference whether-it is sold
by the owner or not. The first section relates
entirely tosules on time; sales for future delivery,
where the money does not pass. It does not
affect a sale by anybody as agent, or in any other
capacity, of gold wheie there is an actual delivery
of gold and «n .u-tual receipt of money for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This clause is not so, if
I understand it. Let us are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sena-
tor from Illinois p'ense state his amendment again ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out in the
sixteenth line of tho firs! section of the committee's
amendment the word, " the bona fide owner."
The language of the latter part of the section for-
bids the making of "any contract whatever for
the sale, loan, or delivery of any gold com or bul-
lion or foreign exchange, of which the person
making such contract"—what contract? "Any
contract whatever for the sale, loan or delivery of
which" the person making the contract "shall
not at the time of making such contract be the
bona fide owner m actual possession." That does
not refer bark to the sale
Mr. FESSENDEN. Peihaps it does not; but
I want to ask the honorable Senator if that affects
in any way the action through an attorney? Who
is the person that sells? Suppose I own a quan-
tity of com and I make the Senator my attorney
to sell itfor me,am I not the owner in actual pos-
session,and do I not sell it though I employ him
to make the transfer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That shows the difficulty,
because tin* Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from Maine disagree on that very point. The
Senator from Ohio says the banker is the actual
owner. The Senator from Maine thinks the per-
son who sends the coupons to him is the owner,
and the banker is a mere agent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Both may be owners.
* Mr. SHERMAN. Both or either.
Mi. TRUM BULL. Of what possible use can
the words," the6o«afide owner," be here? What
benefit is there m having those words in? What
objection is there to a party who has gold act- I
uaily in his possession selling it? You need not j
legislate in regard to that. If somebody else places 1
^it m hi* hands to sell, then according to the view :
which the Senator from Maine takes it would be j
the sale of the party really in interest, the other
party acting as his agent. Why put in these
words," the bona fide owner?" Taking the whole j
sentence together, it looks to me as requiring that I
the party who makes the sale shall be the abso-
lute owner of the property, not the agent simply.
I can see no possible use in retaining the words,
" the bona fide owner;" and undoubtedly, if we
stride them out, the person in actual possession
will have a right to sell the gold, and sell it for
the benefit of the real owner. The words are
certainly susceptible of the construction I give
them; and if we adopt the bill in that form I
really think there will be difficulty. I cannot see
any possible use in retaining the words; and if
there is none, I hope the Senator from Ohio will
consent to let them go out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If those words be stricken
out, will not the language be exceedingly crude
and awkward? If the Senator strikes out these
words, he must put in some other words. " At
the time of making the same be in actual posses-
sion"—of whom?
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Of which the person
making such contract shall not at the time of
making such contract be in actual possession."
Perhaps it would be better to strike out the words
" such contract" where they last occur and insert
" the same."
Mr. SHERMAN. Probably by inserting those
descriptive words it would answer.
Mr.TRUMBULL. 1 think itwould read bet-
ter in that way. My amendment is, in line six-
teen of the first section of the committee's amend-
ment to strike out "such contract"and insert" the
sameand also to strike out " the bona fide own-
er."
Theamendmentto theamendmentwasagreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole as amended was concurred in.
Mr. HARRIS. I now move the same amend-
ment which was proposed yesterday by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark,] to strike
out in the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth lines
of the first section the words " by the manual de-
livery of United States notes or national cui rency,
and not otherwise." I ask for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Mi'.ssr-f. Huckiilew, Clark, Collnmer, Cowan,
Davis, Giime«, Harding. Hairis, Henderson, Hendricks,
John-o , Morgan, Powell, Kiddle, and Saulsbuty—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, [{town, Conncss, Dixon, Don-
liUle, Fe-^onden, Foster, Hale, Howard, Lane offndmna,
Lane of Kniwi-*, Morrill, IVesmith, I'omnoy, Ramsey,Sher-
man, Spiague, Sumw r, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, Willey, and VViUon—*24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted against the last
amendment proposed, and I did so for the pur-
pose of moving a reconsideration. It does seem
to me that we are making u mistake if we refuse
to strike out those words. The effect of it is—
and if the Senate mean that, of course I do not
wish to take up their time or resist their convic-
tion—that a person having gold cannot with it
buy a foreign bill of exchange.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because this provision of
the bill provides that he shall not buy it with any-
thing but currency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can he not buy currency
with the gold?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He can; but will you re-
quire i\ man who has the gold to go to a money-
shaver and sell his gold for the purpose of getting
currency, and then go with that currency to buy
a hill of exchange? Shall the Government of the
United States, which has occasion to purchase for-
eign bills for the purpose of paying its ministers
abagj$d, and has the gold to do it with, be com-
pelled to sell the gold for paper with which to
purchase those bills, or may it purchase the bills
with its gold ? It seems to me that we ought not
to pass a bill declaring that with gold a person
should not make a purchase of anything.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman indulge
me in a suggestion ? Suppose a man has a bill
of exchange to sell, having sent produce abroad,
and he is not willing to sell it for currency but is
willing to sell it for sold, and a man stands by
with the gold to buy it: that is not permitted to be
done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Notonly that;butit forces
a man to submit to a double shave. I submit that
this ought not to be done.
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps the gentleman
does not understand me.
Mr. TRUMBULL, f understand the Senator.
If the holder of foreign exchange would only sell
it for gold,and a man had gold to pay for it,and
both parties were agreed and wanted to make the
bargain, they could not make it under this bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Going and getting green-
backs would not do any good if the man would
not take greenbacks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would not help it.
But why subject people to the necessity of hav-
ing to sell their gold ? The object of the bill is to
prevent trading in gold, and yet this feature of
it actually compels the holder of gold who may
have received it as interest on the bonds of the
United States to sell it in order to purchase for-
eign exchange.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senatorpermitme
to ask him whether he does not consider gold
now as a part of the national currency of the
United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do, certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, if it is national cur-
rency, you can buy exchange with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not, according to
the terms of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the language of it,
I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the bill before
me; but I think the language will not justify that
construction.
Mr. JOHNSON. The language is " manual-
delivery of United States notes or national cur-
rency." I suppose gold is national currency.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is susceptible of that
construction, the difficulty is obviated; butlsup-
posed that the words " national currency" there
had reference to the currency of the national
banks we have established which has that popu-
lar name. I supposed that was the meaning of
the phrase.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubly that the
notes of those banks will be a portion of the na-
tional currency; but it by no mean« follows that
because they will be national currency, gold and
silver coin will not equally be national currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to abbreviate this
controversy, let me read to the Senate the sec-
tion:
That it shall be unlawful to make any contract for the
purchase or sale, or for the loan or delivery, of any gold
com or bullion, or of any foiei n exchange, at any time
subsequent lo the making of such contract, or for the pay-
ment of any sum, either fixed or contingent, in default of
the delivery of any gold coin or bullion, or of any foreign
exchange, or upon any other terms than the immediate
manual delivery of such cold com or bullion, or foreign
exchange, and the immediate payment in full of the agreed
price thereof by the manual delivery of United States
notes, or national currency, and not otherwise.
This does not prevent any man from buying
gold, silver, bullion, or foreign exchange, or any-
thing else that he receives in hand and pays for
with gold or paper or horses. Under the opera-
tion of this bill he may buy anything whatever,
provided that thing is delivered to him in hand,
and paid for at the time in gold, horses, wheat,
notes, or anything lie chooses. The only pur-
pose of this first section is to prevent time sales.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the object is to pre-
vent time sales, why say that the transaction
shall be unlawful unless payment is made in na-
tional currency ? Do you mean to allow time
sales if payment is made in national currency?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; it goes on to pro-
vide 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the object isnotto
prevent time sales,for if you payin national cur-
rency you may have time.
Mr. SH ERMAN. There is nothing in the bill
to prevent a man from buying a bill of exchange
payable on time, provided he pays the money
down for it. I have said thatoverand overagain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
Senator from Ohio answer my question as to what
is the benefit of the words which the Senator from
New York moved to strike out. The bill accom-
plishes the object which the Senator from Ohio says
is its design if yon strike th*m out. By looking
carefully at the language of the bill, it will be seen
that it provides that this sale shall not take place
"upon any other terms than the immediate man-
ual delivery of such gold coin, or bullion, or for-
eign exchange, and the immediate payment in full
of the agreed price thereof." Why not stop
there? That prevents time sales.
Mr. SHERMAN, [answered that yesterday
