2648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
not want the Speaker to tell me that, for I thought
so and intended to maki the point.
Well, as soon as I went before the Committee
of Elections I filed the motion in a legal form to
suppress these depositions. I will say I do not
think the committee did precisely what- they
ought to have done with that motion. I have no
desire to censure them, but I think they should
have decided the motion for me or against me; I
believe they ought to-have decided for me; I am
sure a majority of the committee would never
have decicled against me. They, in fact, only
indirectly decided the question at all hy referring
the whole matter to the House with the statement
that these depositions were not taken in accord-
ance with law. Why, sir, there is not a justice
of the peace in any township in any county in
my district who would have hazarded his judicial
reputation so far as to allow them to be read be-
fore him in any matter in controversy. If I had
any indication that the committee would allow
these depositions to be read in evidence against
me, I would have asked permission to have taken
depositions to counteract them, for it would be
very easy to do it. But the committee did not so
decide as to make it necessary for me to do it.
Not knowing, however, whether I was to be as-
sailed by legal or illegal testimony, I took the
precaution to take ihe affidavits of several gentle-
men, and I will read some of them simply to show
the positions I took in that canvass.
" David P. Whitmer, of lawful age, being duly sworn
according to law, deposoth and tlie following answers
makes to the interrogatories propounded by Joseph E.
Black, agent ot this afoiugaid Austin A. King, content!:
"quc4wm 1. State whether you live m the sixth con-
gressional distnetof the Slate ofMis$ouri>and in the coun-
ty of the residence of Austin A. King, contcstce as afore-
said, and whethet you hoard the speeches of said K^ng*
dining the last canvass for Congress m said congressional
distiiet, during which Austin*A. King, James ft. Birch,
nnd otheis, were candidates to represent said district in
tho Thirty-Eighth Congress.
"Answer. I reside in Richmond, in ltay county, Missouri,
in the sixth cotigression.il district in haul 5-Uate,aud heard
part of tho speeches of said King, (who lives in the same
county that l«do,) made bv him in the canvass above al-
luded to. i Jjeaid him m Richmond, m Cai roll ton, Kings-
ton, Dattsburgh, nnd Liberty, but cannot sa} that I Jieajd
his entire speech at eiihei place.
"Question*}. Have you ic.id the charges preferred by
James *11. Birch, contestant, as aforesaid, against Austin
A. King, denying that the said King was legally elected to
repiesent tho sixth congies-loual distiiet'in the Thirty-
Kighth Congie^s of the United States, and denying that
the election was fairly nnd legally conducted, tor riasons
act forth in said charges ?
i have n ad what purpoits to be a copy of all
charges, in the handwriting ot said King, nnd which said
Birch, now present, admits to be sufficiently acemate lor
all the pulpites of this examination.
"Question '.1 Did you heat tho speeches of said Austin
A. King in said canvass? 1 f *.o, state whether there was
anything in them justifying the chaige of judicial or mili-
tiuy terrorism; and if so, wli.it.
"Austin. In Hie j;.ii ts of the "-peei lies of said King in
said canvass, as I have above stated, I heaid nothing, as I
thought, justifying the charge of miliwiy or judicial tenor-
isni.
"Q.nriitwri 4. tftateif you are an attorney in the judicial
eiicuit in winch said King presides as judge, and if you
heard the charges of the said King to the giand jiuy m ref-
erence to and m connection with the tioubles ot the coun
try; and it so, whether or not they were such as became
an impaiti.il judge, and such as gave geneial satisfaction
to the people',
u^hf>u't'r. I f«m .in attorne}' at law, ami wo--appointed
circuit attorney within and foi the lifthjudicial eitcmt in this
Htaie aboui the lime thai the said King was appointed judge
will mi and lot the same, arid I heaid the < haigc ol the said
King at eaeh couit held since said appointment, with the
exception of the coutl held at Kingston last spring, and i
thought that said ehaiges, as h> hint given tothe giatul juiy
in each can: was such at, became an nnpui iml judge, and J
heaid nothing to the contrary hue that said oiiaigos gave
general satisfaction to the people, so far as J can now rec-
ollcct. 1 Know 1 have iicaid men ot different p.ti ties com-
mending said chaises.
'-Question 5. fcHate what the s,nd King said in his
ppeeehes jo tlie people, winle candidate for Congic«s as
afouifcaid, at to tho duly of men entitled to vote, under the
ordinance of the Missouri rftute convention, and their piiv
ilege to do so.
'• Amu cr. i heaid him say that it was not only their
privilege to vote, but that it w.i& their duty to do so, as it
would betifctepin the right diicction.
" QueMion 6. What did said King say in his speeches in
reference to his frequently being asked if disloyal men
could vote, and what did he say was his reply, and what
dnl he >ay about men being forced upon the dud'ojal list5
" .bin'CT. I have heard him say frequently that he had
stated, and advised peraoiib, that men who were regarded
as disloyal hud a right lo vote; and it my recollection now
serves me right, I heard him make sueh statements in his
public spe< ehesm .-aid canvass,ami I heaid him fiequentJy
f av that men weie often placed on the disloyal list against
their uili, and lor which they were not responsible. But
as t<> men wlitht: names \v< ic placed on the disloyal list at
then own lequest, J think he stated, substantially, that he
did not see how a man could consistently take the conven-
tion oath and vote, who, by his own voluntary act, had
placed himself upon the record as disloyal, but that it was
a matter of conscience with them.
u Question 7. State whether the tenor of the speeches' of
the said James H. Birch were not calculated to obtain the
favor ot southern sympathizers, and to secure their votes,
and did they not vote for him.
"•Answer, I understood the speeches of Judge Birch,
which I heard him deliver in said canvass, to be of such a
character as to encourage men of southern sympathy to
vote for him, and T can state that they were generally for
him, and voted for him, so far as my observation extended,
and I think they generally voted in my county.
"Question 8. Did you not consider, then, from the char-
acter of said Birch's speeches, that he wished, by the "sen-
timents contained in hts speeches, to curry favor with the
southern sympathizers?
"Answer. 1 thought, fiom the tenor of his speeches,
that he was soliciting the votes and influence ot men of
that class.
" Question 9. Did you not hear many southern sympa-
thizers say the leason they did not vote for James H. Birch
was because they had no confidence in him, although they
were pleased with his doctrines?
" Answer, f can state that I heard such talk, but that T
cannot now state who it was that made sueh statements.
" Ceorge W. Dunn, of lawlul age, being duly sworn ac-
cording to law, deposeth and the following answers makes
to the interrogatories propounded by Joseph E. Black,
agent for the aforesaid Austin A. King, contestee:
'* Que&tion X. State whether you live in the sixth congres-
sional district of Missouri and in tlie county of tiie resi-
dence ol Austin A. King, contestee aforesaid, and whether
you heard the speeches of said King during the last canvass
tor Congress in said congressional district, during which
Austin A. King, James Ii. Birch, and others were candi-
dates lo represent said district in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress.
"Answer. I live lathe sixth congressional district of tho
State of Missouri, m the county of ltay, being the same
county m which Austin A. King, contestee, resides, and I
hcurd a part of the speeches made by "aid Kins* in tile last
canvass for Congress, m which he and James ii. Birch nnd
others weie candidates. I heard all of his speech in Rich-
mond, and parts of his speeches in Kingston, Flattsburgh,
and Liberty.
"Question^. Have you road the charges preferred by
James II. Bneh, contestant as aforesaid, against Austin A.
King, denying that the said King was legally elected to rep-
resent the sixth congressional district of the State oi Mis-
souri in tho Thirty-Eighth Congress of the United States,
and denying that the election was tairly and legally eon-
ducted, for leasons set torth m -atd chatges?
uAnsvet. I have read what pitipoiis to be a copy ot
ehaiges of the said James II. Biich, (the same being now
hefote me,) in the b.uiilvvimng uf said King, and which
said Hireh, who is now present, admits to be .substantially
a copy of the charges.
" Question .1. Did you hear the speeches of said Austin
A. King in said canvass? If so, state whether there was
anything in them justifying the ehaige of judicial or mili-
tary teriorism; and ifso, what.
"■Answer. i have heaid the speech of said King in Rich-
mond in full, and part* of his speeches in Kingston, 1'I.Hls-
btirgh and lubeuy,(;ts already stated,) and I heard nothing
hom him that in my judgment justified the ehaiges of judi-
cial or niilit iry terrorism. If lie had resorted lo Mthei I
would not have voted lor him.
u<jttcvtioN ■!. State if you are an attorney in the judicial
circuit in which said King proMdes as judge, and if you
herwd the eharges ot the said King to the jjuind jury in ref
erenee to and connection with tin troubles ot thceoiiutry ;
and if so, whether or not they weie sm-h as became an im-
partial judge, and sueh as gave geneial satisfaction to the
people.
"Jhtswer. \ am an attorney-at-law, engaged in the prac-
tice ol law in the cucmt com ts of the tilth judicial cncuit,
being the circuit in which the said King pieside* as judge,
and I braid the charge of the said King as judge to the
giand jury in Ray county in iull, and I heard pails of his
charge's to grand juries m some other counties, and wh.it
he ?nid in suid chaises m reference to the tioubles of the
country, so iar as i heaid said charges, was, in my opinion,
sueh as became an impartial judge, and I have heaid the
ehaiges commended by Union men and men of •southern
empathies I listened attentively to the entne charge in
Hay county, and heard nothing in it that 1 deemed im-
proper. ills lefeienees to the troubles ot the country were
such a- 1 expected Irom an able and uptight judge.
" Question fn Slate wiiat said King said m his speeches
to the people while candidate for Congress, as to the duty
ot men entitled to vote under the oidinanee of the Mis-
souri State convention, and their pi ivileges to do so.
"viiwrcr. There is considerable dithculty in stating, so
long after the speeches were made, what he said. The
substance of what, he :atd in his speeches to the people m
relcience to the right ot the people to \ote inidei the ordi-
nances of flic State convention, requiimg an oath ot the
voters testing theii loyalty and their dui\ to do so, was,
that it was the right ot every citt/en of the State, possess-
ing the necessary"qualifications of ag<>and icsidence, who
could take the oath pie.-enbed by the convention, to take
the oath and vote, and that he regarded it as their duty to
do so, and said it was a step m'the right directum.
"Question^. What did said King say in his speeches in
retVience to Jus frequently being asked if dislo) al men could
vote, and wiiat did he say was his reply; and what did he
say about men being foiced upon the di-iojal list?
''•Answer. Said King in hispid speeches, said that he had
frequently been asked whether disloyal men could vote, and
he said that his reply wan that he could not see how a man
who had voluntduly emolled himself on the disloyal list
could take the oath prescribed by the convention and vote,
but that it was a question lor the conscience of the voter,
lie said that where a man had been placed upon tlie dis-
loyal h t by the enrolling othcer against the protestations of
the man who was being enrolled, this act of the emolhng
officer ought not to deprive the man of hts right to vote.
He said he did not think that an enrolling officer ought to
force a man upon the disloyal list against his will, biitthat
men ought to be encouraged in returning to then allegiance.
He pointed out the inconsistency of a man voluntauly pla-
cing himself on the record as a disloyal man, and then taking
tlie convention oath, which presupposed that he was atthe
time of taking it a loyal man; and said that the ordinance
of the convention visited upon the party taking the oath
falsely the penalties of perjury, but he (King) left it to his
(the voter's) conscience.
"Question 7. State whether the tenor of the speeches of
the said James H. Birch was not calculated to obtain the
favor of southern sympathizers and to secure their votes,
and did they not vote for him .
"•Answer. Tho tenor of the speeches of the said'James
H. Biich was calculated to win the favor of the southern
sympathizers and obtain their votes, (they were better
pleased with his speechps than the speeches of either of
the other candidates,) and most of the votes that he ob-
tained in this county were of those called southern sympa-
thizers. Some of them, however, voted for King, and some
for Samuel,"
That is what I said. Here was the order that
loyal and disloyal men should enroll. Every man
had a right to choose his position. And when a
man said " Put me on the disloyal list," it was a
declaration, in fact, that he was against the Gov-
ernment. It put him in a position to be suspected,
but, nevertheless, if he saw fit to take the conven- •
don oath, I never said heoughtnot to be allowed
to vote. 1 did say that I did not see how a man
who declared himself disloyal to his Government
could conscientiously vote, but that whether he
would vote or not was a matter for his own con-
science to decide. I say so now.
' I read again from the testimony of the same
witness:
" Question 8. Did you not consider, then, from the char-
acter of said Kirch's speeches that he wished, by the benti-
inents contained in his speeches, to curry favor with the
southern sympathizers?
" Answer. I thought he regarded his positions as being
more acceptable to men of southern sympathies than tlie
positions of either of the other candidates, and that he re-
lied mainly upon men of that class for his election.
4v Question 9. Did you nor lieai niunv southern sympa-
thizers say the reason they did net vote for James n. ihich
was because they had noVontldence in him, although the
sentiments of his speeches pleased them well/
tlAnswcr. J think i have heaid persons havmgsouthern
sympathies, who praised his speeches, expiess a want of
eontidence m him, but 1 cannot no$r designate anyone
who did so."
It was, however, to a great extent, from that
class of men that he obtained his votes. 1 do not
mean to say that all the southern men voted for
him. Many did not vote for him, not because
they were afraid to do so, but because, as they
expressed themselves to me, they had no confi-
dence politically in him.
Now, sir, I desire to read one more affidavit.
"James XV. Black, of lawful age, being duly sworn ac-
cording to law, deposeth and the following answeis makes
to ihe interiogntoinv, propounded by Joseph K. Black,
agent of An.-tm A. King, contestee :
Question I. State whether you live in the sixth con-
gressional distiiet ot the State of .\Ii-souu, and in the
county of the ic^denee of Austin A. King, eontesteu
atoiesaid, and whether you heaid the.speeehesof s,i,<l King
during the, last canvass ioi Congress in said congie.,^umal
distrut, during which Austin A. King, James H. Iluch,
and otheis were candidates to repiesenisaid distncunthe
Thirty-Eighth Congiess.
''Answer. 1 live in the sixth congressional districtinthe
State ot Missouri, in the county ot U.iy, being the same
county in which Austin A. King, contestee, icsides, I
heard some of the speeches made by said King in the last
canvass for Congiess, in which lie and James if. Bneh and
others weie candidates. I heard hts speech"* m ltich-
inond, hts speech at Lexington, and part of a speech at
Itusscllville, Kay county.
<* -J. Have jou lead tho charges preferred by
James II. Bnch, contestant as afoiesaid, against Austin A.
King, denving that the said King was legally elected to
lepresent the sjmIi congressional district of the State of
Missouri in the Thirty-Thghth Congress of the United
States, and denying that the election was fairly and legally
conducted for reasons set forth in said ehaiges?
" Answer, I have lead what puipoi ts to be^copy of the
ehaiges ol the said James II. Bncn (the same being now
before me) in the handwriting of said King, and which «aid
Birch admit* to be substantially a copy ot the charges.
u Question y. Did you hear the speeches ol Austin A.
King in said canvass ? Ifso, state if there was anything m
them jubtUjing the eliaige of judicial or uulitarj teirorism ;
and it so, what.
"Anwa. I heard the speeches of said King at Kich-
mond, one at Lexington, and p.irt of one at Riissfliviile,
Ray county. I did not hear anj thing introduced into those
speeches that, in my judgment, would justify the charges
of judicial or military frronsm.
-• Q.t<esfton 4. State if you are an attorney in the judi-
cial circuit in winch said King resides as judge, and if you
heard the charges of said King to the giand jiuy in infer-
ence to and in connection with the tioubles ol the coun-
try ; and if so, whether or not tliev \v< i<_ sucn as bccame
j an impartial judge, and sucn as gave general satisfaction.
I "Answer. 1 am an attorney-at-law, engaged in tlie prac-
tice ot law at Richmond, Missouri, u !> ■-ingin the judicial
I circuit in which said King pi<i-ub>h as judge. 1 hoard the
i charge of said King, judge, to the giant! jury in Ray
