1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1673
by stating distinctly that if it was left there the
payment would be made by a check, and that a
man with $1,000 in a bank in New York might
drawchccks to the amountof $100,000; and thus,
without the words that the Senator wants to strike
out, the operation of the bill would be entirely
evaded. You can even have your checks certi-
fied, and with certified checks nearly all the trans-
actions in New York are carried on. Thi# pro-
vision is for the purpose of throwing impedi-
ments in the way, and avoiding: this operation of
checking. The Senator from New York can ex-
plain it a great deal better than 1 can. With
$1,000 in a bank in New York I can draw checks
for $100,000, and 1 may buy that much gold if I
can pay for it in checks; arid before a single check
is presented for payment, in the round-about way
in which they are presented through the clearing-
house, I can sell thegold a hundred times by actual
delivery.
Mr.TRUMBULL. X will notdiscuss itlonger.
3 have stated what I think is the objection to the
words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
reconsider the vote rejecting the amendment of the
Senator from New York.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. POWELL-. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Mos=r«. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fe-^endcn, Foster, Hale, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas,Morgan,Morrill, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sprasue, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Van YVinkle,
Wilkinson, ami Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Collamer, Cowan,
Davis, Giimes, Il.udtng, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Nemnith, Powell, Riddle, Saulsbury, Trumbull,
and Willey—17.
So the bill was passed. Its title was amended
to rend: "A bill to prohibit certain sales of gold
and foreign exchange."
MASSAC UK AT FORT PILLOW.
The PRESIDING OFFICER presented for
reference the joint resolution (H. R. No. 65) di-
recting the committee on the conduct of the war
to examine into the recent attack on Fort-Pillow;
and it was read a first time by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to have that joint res-
olution passed upon at present.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution will be read the second time at length.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows:
Resolved, ^*c.. That the joint committee on the conduct
of the war, ot such members thereof as the committee may
designate, he. and aie hereby, directed to proceed at once
to Fmt Pillow, Tennessee——-
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its consider-
ation to-day. Letourresolution godown to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thejointres-
olution will be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution of the Senate
to-day was not joint. The Senator from Maine
says let ours go to them. It will not go to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this can be amended
without any debate or difficulty so as to conform
to our resolution, I will not object.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a positive direction
to the committee to repair to Fort Pillow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I was opposed to,
and I objected to its consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not strike out all after
the resolving clause and insert our resolution, and
send it bock?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the reso-
lution passed to-day by the Senate be inserted
after the cnacting clause as a substitute for this.
Mr. POWELL. Was the resolution adopted
this morning a joint resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HOWARD. No.
We propose to substitute that for this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the res-
olution.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask for the reading of the
resolution of the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, fyc., That the joint committee on the conduct
of the war, or such members thereof as the committee may
designate, be, and are hereby, directed to proceed at once to
Fort Pillow, Tennessee, and examine into all the facts and
circumstances attending the recent attack upon and capture
ot said fort by the rebels, and report thereon to both Houses
of Congrc&s with as little delay as practicable.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives by sub-
stituting the resolution on thesame subject passed
by the Senate this morning
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words to
be inserted will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That the joint committee on the conduct of the war be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the truth of
the rumored slaughter of the Union troops after their sur-
render at the recent attack on Fort Pillow, Tenne^ee. and
that they report the facts to Congress as soon a-* possible;
and also whether Fort Pillow could have been sufficiently
reinforced or evacuated, and if so, -why it was not done.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 183) to secure the speedy transporta-
tion of the mails—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads,
A bill (No. 406) supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act to grant pensions," approved July
14, 1862—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 407) authorizing theestablishment
of ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and Brazil—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 408) for the relief of postmasters
who have been robbed by confederate forces or
rebel guerrillas—to the Committee on PostOffices
and Post Roads.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, merely for the
purpose of having it the order of the day on Mon-
day, to take up the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial appropuation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlpril 16, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channijjg.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, from the special committee on im-
migration, reported a bill to encourage immigra-
tion; which was read a first and second time by
its title, recommitted to the committee, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASLiBURNE, of Illinois, under the in-
struction of the committee, introduced a resolu-
tion for the printing of ton thousand extra copies
of the bill and report; which was referred, under
the law, to the Committee on Printing.
BOUNTIES TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the eoncuirent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New York in relation to the bounties of
volunteers; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY RAILROADS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, consideied, and agreed to:
Whereas the i're-tdent of the United States, in his mes-
sage to Consri-ss, December 3, 1361. used the following
latWuase; <• ? deem it of importance that the loyal regime
of Ea*t Tennessee and wotein Noitb Carolina should be
connected with Kentucky and other faithful parts ot the
Union by railroad, f therefore iccommend at. a militaiy
measure thai Congiess provide for the consti uetion of  uch
road as speedily as po<«ible. Kentucky no doubt will co-
operate, and through her Legislature make the most, judi-
cious selection of ahne. Th<  northern terminus must con-
nect with M>me oxiMing lailtoad, and whether the loute
thaii bt^from Lexington or N.chola^viilc to (Jumbeiland
Gap, or from Lebanon to the Tennessee line in the direc-
tion of Knoxville, or on some still-different route, can easily
be determined. Kentucky and the General Government
cooperating, the work ean be completed in a very short
time; and when done, it will be not only of vast present
usefulnes-s, but also a valuable permanent inipiovement,
worth its cost m all the future." And whereas the wisdom
ofthatrecommendation and the absolute necessity for such
road has been made manifest by the great difficulty and
enormous cost in transporting Army supplies, &c., from
Cincinnati and the interior of Kentucky to Cumbeilant! Gap
and East Tennessee; and whereas different routes have
been surveyed and found practicable, and the Legislature
of Kentucky has resolved that a route crossing Cumber-
land river above the falls should be adopted: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs in-
quire into the necessity and expediency of the construction
of a railroad for military and other purposes, as recom-
mended by the President in his message of December 3,
1851; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
NEVADA.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Nevada, asking for an amend-
ment of their organic act; which was referred" to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the ninth section of an
act entitled "An act to organize the Territory of
Nevada;" which was read a first and second time 
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
TAX UPON TOBACCO.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the concurrent resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri in reference to taxing to-
bacco in that State; which were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
NORTHEASTERN DEFENSES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present resolutions of the
State of Maine relative to the protection of her
northeastern frontier.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the resolutions be read.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Are those resolutions
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous con-
sent, butit has always been customary to receive
resolutions from a State and to order that they be
printed.
,* Mr. HARRINGTON. I object.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS,by unanimousconsent, moved
that the amendments of the Senate to the Navy
appropriation bill be taken from the Speaker's
table and referredto the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
GENERAL ROBERT ANDERSON.
Mr. KERNAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the State of New York, ask-
ing that General Robert Anderson be placed upon
the retired list of the Army with full pay; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES B. SHIRLEY.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Commit-
tee of Accounts the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tins House be directed to
pay out of the contingent fund to Charles B Smrley for
servicc as messenger .$'750, the same being for six months*
j-ervice from May I, 1858; said Shirley to leceive the same
in full payment of his chum for $2,813 88 presented to the
Committee of Accounts.
Mr. HOLMAN. We ought to have some ex-
planation of this matter.
Mr. DAWES. If there is to be debate! must
object.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I object until we have
a full explanation of the matter.
SEVENTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
I lege. I cull up the case of Mr. Kitchen, claiming
: to represent the seventh congressional district of
! Virginia.
! The Clerk read the resolution reported from
the Committee of Elections, as follows:
Rcsoh-ed. That R. M. Kitchen is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gre<>. from the seventh congressional di>trict in Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, the question un-
