1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SCHENCJt. I have been ns liberal ns
possible m this matter. I have taken time, and
wasted time, as some may think, in hearing what
might be said in the way of suggestion. I pro-
pose now to £o on and make a few remarks ex-
planatory of the bill, although I believe I should
first, according to the rule, move the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 suggest that the twenty-
sixth section be modified as was intended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
by adding after the word " slave" the words " of
a loyal master or owner;" so that it will read :
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That all able-bodied
male persons of African debccnt, between the ages of twenty
and forty-five veais, whethercitizens or nonresident in the
United States,"shall be enrolled accoiding to the piovisions
of this act, and of the act to which this is an amendment,
and foim pait of the national Ibices; and when a slave of
a loyal master or owner shall he dtufted and mustered into
the *sei vice of the United States Jus master ehallhave a cer-
tificate thcieof; and the bounty of $100, now payable by
law for each draited man, t=hall be paid to the person to
•whom h-ueii dialled person mvesservieeorlabor attlie rime
of hi- muster into the seivice of the United States, on liee-
mg the peifon.
Mr. SCHENCK. That was the intention of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 accept the modification.
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to offer an amendment to the twenty-
sixth section ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear what it is.
The Clerk read the amendment,as follows:
Provided, That in no one State shall there be lecruited
moiethau thieefilihsof the able-bodied men of African de-
scent m said Suite. All tho<e who have alieady or may
hereafter enlist oi be dialled into the military «civioe of the
United States Miall bo ci edited to that State and di-tiietfioru
which they may betaken or recruited, andwhcie tliev may
owe service.
Mr. CLAY. I just want to place it on the Fed-
eral basis.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I cannot accept any such
amendment. That whole subject was gone into in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MALLORY. f will say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that we are anxious on this side of
tlx1 House that something should be said on this
bill lief'oie it shall be put on its passage. We do
not want to have any long debate; two or three
speeches on tinssideof the House willsatisfy us,
and then we will be willing to vote upon it. My
colleague just before me [Mr. Harping] desires
to speak upon the bill, and one or two otheis I
believe desire to be heard. I hope the gentleman
will affoid that oppoitunity.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot open this bill to
debate again. So far as I am concerned I have no
objection to every gentleman who desires printing
his speech.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the gentleman mean
to intimate' to the House that nothing which can
be said except by himself will enlighten the House
upon the subject of this bill?
Mr. SCHliJN'Ch.. No, sir, 1 have no such
confidence in myself as that. But, sir, I believe it
to be our bounden duty to pass this bill as soon as
possible. 1 believe that the interests of the country
demand that we dispose of the measure before us
as soon as under the circumstances we can, and 1
theiefore now demand the previous question
Mi. HARDING. tWill the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me fur a moment to make a sugges-
tion ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. HARDING-. The gentleman will remem-
ber that at a late period last nigh tan entirely new
secuon was introduced upon which theie has
been no discussion at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. On the contrary, that sub-
ject has been more fully discussed than any other
in connection with this bill. It began tile pre-
vious evening, and continued all day yesterday.
Mr. HARDING, it has not been discussed
at all. It was not brought up until aveiylate
period last evening.
Mr. SCHENCK. I differ with the gentleman
upon that point. I demand the previous question.
The pieviousquestion was seconded—ayes 78,
noes 5G.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 propose now, briefly, to
run over the provisions of this bill. I understand
that by the rules 1 am entitled to an hour from
the oriiertntr of the main question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman's hour to commence when he began to
modify the substitute. The gentleman has twenty-
three minutes left.
Mr. MALLORY. Lctthegentlemanfrom Ohio
piinthisspeech. We wil'notobject. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I would if it related to any-
thing except the real practical question in hand.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to ask the consent of the House for permission
to extend his remarks?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh no, sir; I will go on.
Mr. Speaker, the first three or four sections of the
House bill are precisely like the Senate bill, with
the exception that in the House bill the words
" precincts"aiul "election distiicts" are inserted,
in older to conform it to the political divisions in
the seveial States; and that being the case I shall
pass on to the remaining differences between the
two bills.
I desire, however, at the outset, to make this
general remark: I would gladly occupy an hour
of the time of the House in some observations,
more at large than I shall now have an oppoitu-
nity to present them, upon the subject of a draft j
as a means of raising troops for the protection of
the country and the putting down of the rebel-
lion; but, as the House will beartne witness, from
the beginning I have desired that the whole dis-
cussion and consideration of this bill and its mer-
its should be confined as far as possible to a busi-
ness debate and a business consideration.
I will now take up the amendmentsm the order
in which they have been made in Committee of
I the Whole and reported to the House. On pases
1 3 and 4 the committee report that section five
be stri'-ken out of the Senate bill, and a substi- 1
1 tute inserted. The history of that amendment j
i is simply this: the original section was amended ;
by the, committee ill two or three particulars, one of I
which wa^on motion of the gentleman from I'enti- !
sylvanu [Mr. Ste\ens] to strike oilt" §4(!0"and
■ insert "$300." Several other amendments were
I proposed and adopted, when cm motion of my |
! colleague, [Mr. Garfilld,] seconded by a m.i- !
I jouty of tin; Military Committee, the whole sec-
■ lion as amriided was s; i u'ken out, and section si x
o f t he blouse bill i usei a a!. lie' in otio u xv as t la' n
1 made to amend that substitute by striking out the
lust sentence fioin the eleventh line, which motion
prevailed. And this House section, or the see-
j tioti proposed by the Committee on Militaiy Af-
' fairs, was adopted as a substitute (or the Senate
section thus curtailed of its proportions.
In the Iiouse-proposeil substitute we ha\e ic-
stoied the latter pait of faction file, ii.nv .section
■six. Tins morning it has been modified to suit
Lhe gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sn.vc-'.j
and iliose who agree vvnii him. No tin iber com-
ment is necessai y, then, for we coincidc in opinion. _
So far as the other amendment is concerned,
we have put it in a form agreeable to-the liicnds
of the bill.
Section six of the Senate bill was entiiely
stricken out, partly because it provided fur double
credits, paitly because the second sentence was
included in another part, and because from line
nine was deemed entirely unnecessary. Upon
that we shall have no vote to take.
Section seven was also struck out, for the rea-
son that the section is simply a reenactment, al-
most in words, of the existing law. "We shall
have no vote to lake upon that.
Section e'ght has been modified by an amend-
ment at the end of page C. The same amend-
ment will he found unbodied in the substitute.
That will be found upon pages 2.1 and 24.
Section in nc has b< en amended by adding what
is punted upon page 7:
And nnv per?-on now in the m ilitaiy ^c^vice of the United
Ptate- who -hall furnish -ati-facroiy pioof that, lie !> a
mariner by vocation, 01 an able ?eainnti. inav enh-t into
the N.ivv unih'i -uch rule*- and i emulations a*- m. > bo pie-
serihed by the Sec'iaiy of the Nav\ and the Seetet'liv' of
War: P/viided, That Mich euli-tnn nt shall not he lot less
than the une.xpned tetmot bi< mihui\ f-eivice noi Jot le--*
than oneycai, And jroi.idcd, That the n umbei tian-ieued
shall not exceed ten rlum-and: Promliul, That any bounty
money which a seaman may have icceived on euteiingthe
Anny shall, on his hems; tiaiisrerred to the Navv. lie de-
ducted liom any pusce money to winch such seaman may
become entitled.
That veiy section will be found in the substi-
tute, page 27, section nine, with some slight dif-
feience of phraseology. 1 ask gentlemen to refer
to it.
Set, 9. Atidbc itfm ther cnarted, That an v mariner or able
seaman who shall be drafted tinder the act approved March
3, 3863, entitled <{ An act for enrolling and calling oat the
national forces, and fo> other pui poses, "shall have the right,
witlun eight days after the notification of such chaff, to en-
list in the naval service as a seaman, and a certificate that
lie has so enlisted being made out in conformity with regu-
lations which maybe prescubed by the Secretary of the
Navy, and duly presented to the piovo&tmar.-hal o/ the dis-
trict in which such maimer or able seaman shall have been
dratted, shall exempt him from such draft: Provided, That
the period for which he shall have enlisted into the naval
service shall not be less, than the period for which he shall
have been dratted into the military service: Jlnd provided
further, That the said ceiuficate shall deckne that satis-
factory pioot has been made befuie the naval officer issuing
the Fame that the said peison so enlisting m the Navy is a
inarinei by vocation, or an able seaman. And any person
now in the mihtaiy scrviee of the United States who shall
fuinMi satisfactory proof that he is a mariner by vocation
or an able seaman, may enlist into the Navy under such
rules and i emulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Navy anil the Secretary of War: Provided, That such *
enlistment shall not he for Jes*s than the unexpired teim of
his military *oivice noi for less than one year. And the
bounty money which any mariner oi seaman enlisting from
the Aunv into the Navy may have received troin the United
States,oi fiom the State ln'which he enlisted in the Army,
shall be deducted from the puze money to which he may
become entitled duiing the time required to complete his
imlitaiv service: And provided fmther, That the whole
numbei of such transfer enlistments shall not exceed ten
thousand.
Gentlemen will sec at once in what the change
consists.
Section ten of the substitute will be found on
pages 27 and 28, the same as the section in the
Senate bill, with the exception of the words " pre-
cinct or election district," which arc inserted.
The same is true with regard to scction eleven.
Section twelve is the same as that of the substi-
tute, with this addition, upon the suggestion of
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. IIice:]
" Strike out the words in brackets and insert the
woids in italics:'*
Sec. 12. And be it further cnacicd, That no pilot, engi-
ncfci, ma-aei-at-ai m-, [or other peison ] acting master,act-
ing ctisi n, o t ai hvz ynustrr '■> mate* having an appointment
ot act in? appointment, am) being actually in the naval ser-
vice, shall be subject to inilit-nv diat't while holding such
appointment [and fottmng one of a ship's complement.}
Scction thn teen of the Senate bill, on page 9,
has a corresponding section, section t wenty-eight
in the substitute, with the five or six unnecessary
lines af the cnmmene< ment left out.
Upon page JO will be found section fourteen.
1 >y referring to page 29 of the House bill you will
find section fourteen, containing the same matter,
with the exception of the amendment. That
amendment printed in Unites in connection with
the Senate bill, will be found in lhe House bill,
page 30, section seventeen. Instead of being at-
tached to section fourteen itis attached to a section
to which it properly belongs, as fur as subject-
matter is concerned. Section fifteen has been
i struck ont, and section fifteen of the House amend-
i ment has been substituted. That will also be found
still in the House bill. The same with section six-
teen. There are two sections seventeen, t find,
i! punted in the Senate bill—another erroi—except
I! that the latter pait of that section, page 14, which
!; was one of the amendments of the Committee of
the Whole, and which reads as follows—
Provided. That In all distnet^ over one hundred miles in
extent, and in -uc-ii as ate composed of over ten counties,
the hoaui shal! hold then sessions m at le,ist two places in
"•itch <ii-tiit t-*, at Mieh points a^ aie be^t calculated to ac-
c on j mod tic the peoph iliei eot. The d i a I ted men shall have
ptoce^ to hi iiiir in u itne^e<, but without ices or mileage—
has been inserted in the IIous,e bill on page 31 at
the end of section seventeen, a st-citon to which it
! more ptoperly belongs from its subject-matter.
Soclion eighteen of the Senate bill will be found
in section nineteen of the substitute on page 31,
the same as it is theie. Section nineteen ot the
Senate bill wiil be found the same as if. has been
i amended upon pifgeii.), section seven,ol the House
, J hill. The amendment consists of the pioposition
' madt; by the gentleman from M ai yland, to be
; found on page 15, beginning at line fourteen, and
0 is as follows:
[ And jiio>\ded, That no person siull ho entitled to the
'! hem tit ol tile piovi-aou- ol tin- section unh'^ Ins declara-
I turn ot eon'-eientlou- -cmpies ayan^t bearing atm>t-ball be
1 I Mippoi ted hv -Mile-.I.u any   vidence that h i- depotiment lias
!1 been umtonniy coiiM-tent with Mich deeiatauon.
:! That language is still preserved, as we con-
j! sideivd the action of the Committee of the Whole
| an instruction to the Military Committee upon
that subject. On page 15, section twenty will be
I found to correspond with section eighteen of the
|l substitute. On page 16, section twenty-one will
!! be found correspondmgso far as the first sentence
