1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
der consideration is.of the greatest importance,
aim! demands the serious attention of the House.
It is a question involving the interest and lives,
present and future, of over one hundred thousand
inhabitants of the Government of the United
States.
; In the view I have taken, differing from the
Committee of Elections and presenting a minor-
ity report, I have been guided by the grave idea
entertained by me all the time since this war be-
gan, that no State which had composed a part of
the Union was at this time, or had been at any
time, out of the Union; and that whenever the
arms of the Government had reasserted its au-
thority in any portion of a State, that State, 01* at
least that portion of it, was within the control and
jurisdiction of the Government. Not only that,
but that the loyal people of that section thus re-
deemed from the power of the insurgents by the
arms-of the Government had a right to assemble
themselves together and express their preferences
so far as representation is concerned, and were
entitled to the great privilege of being heard in
the councils of the nation.
^ We all know, sir, at what time and under what
circumstances this State of Virginia, or a portion
of the people of Virginia, undertook to repudiate
the Government of the United States and take the
State out of the Union. We all know the tre-
mendous conflict which has been waged on the
soil of thatState. We know that there the armies
of the rebellion and the armies of the Union have
met, have fought, and have alternated in their vic-
tories and defeats. These terrible and almost un-
paralleled conflicts were the result of misguided
and insane legislation and ordinances on the partof,
as 1 believe, a majority of the people of Virginia.
Yet the minority, lying behind and i inactive and un-
heard in these great movements, had then rights
and privileges under the Constitution and Govern-
ment,and though kept down and oppressed by re-
bellion and treason for a time,when the arms of tho
Government reached beyond them and encircled
them in their powerful arms, this loyal people,
these noble and patriotic men had a right and ought
to be heard. This desperate act of secession was
committed by the whole State of Virginia, or ra-
ther when there was but one State; now there are
two.
11 is not my purpose here to discuss the propriety
or inipiopi iety of the division of that State, but to
consider it as a fact that there are two States,
West Virginia and Virginia. Both States are
recognized by the Government, both arc organ-
ized, both are acting. There are to-day in both
branches of Congress representatives from the
State of West Virginia. There are the represent-
atives in the other branch; there are here three Itep-
rcsentatives. There is her Legislature, herjudi-
ciary,ali the necessary machinery to can yon and
to make her a State. The State of Virginia is the
old State with West Virginia cut off. She, too,
hasher Governor, her Lieutenant Governor, her
Legislature, her judiciary, and all the machinery
requisite to make her a State. She has her Sen-
ator. She had her two Senators One of them
has died during the presentsession. UorLegis-
lature, which will meet again in a few days, will,
as I understand, proceed to elect a successor to
Mr. Bowden. The Government at Washington
has lecogniztd the State of Virginia as a State,
the Legislature at Alexandtia as the Legislature
of Virginia, the judges on the bench as the judges
of Virginia. The magistrates and sheriffs and
constables and all the other officeis of that State
are recognized as the legal officers of Virginia.
Not only that, but the Government has gone
on to eollect its taxes. It lias gone on to collect
its revenue, and makes the State of Virginia pay
into the Tieasury of the United States a piopoi-
tional part for the maintenance of the Govern-
ment. I ask by what authority the Government
exercises that jurisdiction over any portion of the*
people of Virginia, holding them responsible for
the revenues of the Government, holding them
responsible fur laws enacted by Congress and not
providing them representation upon the floors of
Congress.
This election which was held for Representa-
tives to this Congress was according to the law of
Congress. The requirements of the Constitution
had been fulfilled. The State had been appor-
tioned and laid off into distiicts according to the
ccnsus of 1860. The Legislature of Virginia and
the Congress of the United States conceded that
Virginia was entitled to her representation here
just as much as to her representation in the Le-
gislature of the State. The State of Virginia,
under "that law, and in obedience to the request
of the people, through their Representatives in
Congress, met in May, 1863, to elect their Rep-
resentatives. There were four or five candidates
for the office' of Representative in that district.
Mr. McKenzie, whose case has been heard and
decided, was one; Mr. Kitchen was another; Mr.
Upton another; Mr. Gallagher another; Mr.
Minor another, and Mr. Massey anothei. The
district was composed of the counties of Alexan-
dria, Berkeley, Frederick, Shenandoah, Jeffer-
son, Clarke, Warren, Loudoun, Fauquier, Fair-
fax, and Prince William.
Now, sir, the Committee of Elections, whose
report is before the House, has given, in my judg-
ment, one of the 'most wonderful expressions
which ever emanated from a Committee of Elec-
tions. While 1 have the highest regard for, and
while I regret to differ from that committee, I must
say I believe justice and right are with me; hence
I am bold to advocate the claim of Mi. Kitchen.
I stand here alone to defend his rights, and the
rights of the people of the seventh congressional
district of Virginia. The committee were not
settled or determined as to the, conclusions they
came to in this repoit fiom the evidence before
them. The report states:
" The committee found some difficulty in coming to a
deci>ion upon tins question ; but Hie conclusion to winch
they have airiverf, alter a careful consideration, ihey now
submit to the House,
" The ease comes so near to what s>eems to be live divid-
ing line, established by the precedents of the last JIou-o
in similar case*, and the judgment of tins commuter in
the case of Joseph Se^.u, heretofore reported to the House,
that the difficulty he* 111 dcteimnung upon which hide of
that line it tails.5'
The election wa3 held in six of the eleven coun-
ties composing that district. Hence a majority
had to a greater or loss extent voted, some en-
tirely, others to a less extent. The fact was that
a majority of the counties voted. It is also true
that a majority of the electors were in those coun-
ties.
The committee has come to a conclusion with
difficulty, yet they offer this report. They had
doubt whether to admit Mr. Kitchen or any other
man to repiesentthe seventh congressional dis-
tiict ofVnginia. They way that they found dif-
ficulty in coming to a con elusion on this quest 1011.
They knew from the census which we had before
us that the counties composing the seventh dis-
tiict of Virginia had a population of white and
black of 147,6:21. The counties that voted in part,
or entire, had a population of white and black of
81,105. Those are the facts. What does the
Constitution say?
" Hepiesentativcs and dneot Mxe^ shall be apportioned
anions the several State-, which may be lwluded within
tliis Union, according to then respective number, which
shall be detet mined by add my to tin- whole n umbei ol fiee
per>on<, including tluw hound 10 :-emce for a term ol
years, and excluding Indian* not taxed, thiee fifths 01 all
othci poo ons.'-1
Now, sir, there weie in the seventh congres-
sional district of Virginia this number of people,
white and black, including slaves, which entitled
them to representation in the Congtess of the
United States. Yet theie was nothing before the
committee, there was nothing in the report, and
the ic was nothing in the petition of cither of the
genih'inen which indicated that the whole people
of nix counties could not have voted. The whole
distiiet was under icbel jurisdiction once, and 110
man could vote theie; but when this election was
held more than one half had the light to vote.
Yet, say the eight other members of the commit-
tee, they could not vote.
1 know that the chairman of the committee
argued in the few lemaiks he made awhile ago,
and will aigue in his conclusion, that the raids
and difficulties that were apprehended in that dis-
trict on the part of Union men prevented them
from voting. Rut, sir, that icasoning is falla-
cious; there is nothing in it. If there were but
five voteis in a county who had the moral cour-
age to come to the polls and cast their votes for
a candidate who had offered himself, while there
was no disturbance existing to prevent five hun-
dred more from doing it, aie the five to be held ic-
sponsible for the failure of the otheis to do their
duty? Or, sir, is not it the true lule that if they
could have voted and failed to do so, they must
abide By the decision of the five who did have
the moral courage to go and cast their votes and
maintain their rights as citizens?
[Mr. Smith here gave way for other business-—
the introduction of a bill from the Senate. Sub-
sequently this case was called up by Mr. Dawes,
chairman of the Committee of Elections.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucker [Mr. Smith] is entitled to the floor to con-
clude his speech, he having already occupied
fifteen minutes of his hour.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend
to occupy much of the time of the House this
morning on this case. I will merely present the
facts connected with it, that the House may vote
intelligently on the subject. I should not say any-
thing were it not for the great principle, as I con-
ceive, involved in the question as to whether Mr.
Kitchen is entitled to a seat upon this floor.
The House will remember 1 have already stated
that six out of the eleven counties composing the
seventh congressional district of Virginia partici-
pated to a greater 01 less extent in this election; that
there weie between two and three thousand votes
cast; and that there was no evidence to show that
the entire vote of the counties could not have been
cast The only question upon which there can
be doubt as to whether this man is entitled to his
seat is, whether the county of Berkeley, compos-
ing a part of this district, is in the State of Vir-
ginia or the State of West Virginia. There was
a vote on the 3d of May to carry the county of
Berkeley into West Viiginia; but, sir, there has
been no action on the part of Virginia, or West
Vnginia, or Congress to transfer Berkeley to
West Virginia.
The majority of this committee, in discussing
this question, state:
"The act oi Congress admitting West Vusjitna into the
Union emuneiates the counties of the old State which shall
compose the new one—and Berkeley i*> not one ot them.
Connies-, lias never to :w ntcd to the uan><lei of the comity
of Bcikeley fiom the one Suite to the other, and without
that consent it cannot be done, Jierkoley eouim lstheie-
foie Mill a p.ut of the old Sute of Viiginia. The vote of
Beikeley county mu^tconsequently be counted in the ic&ult
unless there be some other and valid objection to it."
Now, the committee have admitted that this
county was a part of the district, and that a vote
was cast in that district for a Representative to this
Congress. The objection urged by thq commit-
tee, that the great troubles growing out of tho war,
that the occupation of Virginia by the tremendous
armies which occupied Virginia befoie, and to
some extent since that election, made a fair elec-
tion at that period impossible. It is an important
fact, which has already been stated, and which is
presented in this leport, that 111 a large majority
of these counties the polls weie regulaily opened,
and a majority of the people voted, and the fact
that the entire vote of the district was not cast is
no reason why Mr. Kitchen should be excluded.
We have adopted since the war begun more than
one precedent directly in point, and men now oc-
cupy sejts upon this floor who received huta very
small number of vote* in their districts m conse-
quence of the rebellion. My colleague on my right
[Mr. Anderson] ncei\ed but a small vote com-
pmatively in his district, and his predecessor re-
ceived a much smaller vote than my colleague re-
ceived. I believe that he had only some four or five
hundred votes altogether. And yet he came here
with a certificate, as authorized by law, from the
Governor of Kentucky, and was admitted and
sworn in without any question whatevei.
There were troubles in the first dish ictof Ken-
tucky at the time of the election of Mr. Casey
far greater than prevailed in this district at the
time these votes were cast for Mr. Kitchen. A
provisional government had been set up in that
State, and a legislatme had been called for the
purpose of recognizing the southern confederacy,
and m that distnet men went boldly to the polls
and cast their votes for the election of a member
of the congiess of the southern confederacy. As
1 remarked, but four or five hundred votes in all
the counties and in all the piecincts of that dts-
trictwere cast for a member of this Congress. But
a small portion of the district voted for Mr. Casey,
and yet he came here as a legal Representative
of Kentucky.
The majority of this committee say that his
veiyhomc is occupied by the enemy; that his
house was plundered and burned; that his prop-
city was destroyed, and that therefoic the dis-
