APPENDIX TO THE C0.SURESS10XAL GLOBE.
[February. 27,
HStii Coys.... 1st Sess.
The Jacobins of Missouri and Maryland—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
intermediate period,find subsequently placing the
younger slaves in the condition of apprentices un-
til they attained mature years, in lieu of compen-
sation to their owners. That ordinance was de-
nounced by the radicals in my State, who had
proven themselves so false to the cause of eman-
cipation, as a measure for the continuation and
perpetuation of slavery. I accepted it as a step
in the right direction, believing* at the time and
knowing now that the people of the State were
fast becoming reconciled to this measure, and that
every slave m the State would be emancipated
before the time fixed m that oidinance.
But the revolutionary faction had what they
desh-ed. They had a bone of contention, and
having refused to vote for immediate emancipa-
tion when their votes would have secured it, they
clamored against the gradual emancipation given
them by the convention, and ore clamoring still
for another convention to give them immediate
emancipation which they refused to take when
it was in their power, with the money to pay
the loyal slaveholders offered them' by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. This is a brief
and truthful sketch of the chicanery practiced by
malcontent leaders who would turn hypocritical
cant for freedom to account to aid their ambi-
tion.
Another point of difference alluded to by my
colleague, [Mr. Blow,] and which is urged more
elaborately in the speech of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who makes
common cause with him, rs found in the fact that
the Union emancipationists of Missouri adhere to
the policy of the President in favor of the coloni-
zation of the free negroes. These gentlemen are
opposed to this policy. Here is the programme
which the representatives of the Jacobins of Ma-
ryland and Missouri would substitute for the
policy proposed by the two Presidents, Jefferson
and Lincoln, for the establishment of the negroes
in a country of their own, in which theycould be
governed by their own laws, and be free from the
crushing weight of prejudice which always would
depress them in the midst of another race supe-
rior in numbers and wielding the powers of Gov-
ernment. The Representative from Missouri says:
"We have no such theories, have indulged no micIi
unkimhtofcs to tho unfortunate blacks. We mu contentlo
.let then) remain wlieieGod in Uispiovulencc placed thorn,
and with a nwre elevated sen^e of justice to ainelioi.ue
their condition at once, and lUvate them }>pccdily ui
possible on the soil that tins, boon enriched by the sweat of
llieir Inows through year* of umequited toil and crushed
and bleeding hemta,''
The member from Maryland is even more
pointed. He exclaims:
"Tim folly of our ancestors and the wimUmi ol the Al-
mighty, tn its inscrutable purposes, having allowed them to
eotfie here and planted them heie, they have, a right to ic-
nmin here, and they will remain here lothehuc-t jecoideiJ
syllabic of time. And whether they become our equals or
our superiois, whether they blend or remain a distinct laeo,
your plenty will know, lor tin.ir eye- will behold them
us oius do now. Those aie things which we cannot eon-
hol. J,aw>< do not make, laws cannot unmake theui. If
God has made them our eipials, then they will wotk out
tii'- problem winch He has >-eut them towoik out; and it
G"d liu-<t-fainpnd upontlx-m .m moiaiiicublo mfei louiy. > on
cannot make one leur white or black01 add a cubit to their
filature.'"
i regret very much that neither of the:;e gentle-
men have found it convenient to be pivseut'in the
House to-day. i should like very much to ask
them to be a little more explicit. 1 wish to know
exactly what all this flourish about " the eleva-
tion" of the negro means. Does it mean that
they are to be endowed with the lights of suf-
frage and of citizenship and of official position?
Are they to have a full share in the Government
established by our ancestors, and a fair start in
this race for superiority? It cannot be that these
gentlemen intend to thwart the " providence o[
God" by placing legal impediments or obstacles
in the way of the negro to impede his piogiesa
m this contest fur superiority with our own race
tn its inherited dominion; but unfortunately for
me and for the people to whom this country be-
longs, neither of these gentlemen are here to re-
spond to the inquires which I desire to make;
and I must look for light on this interesting; point
in the utterances heretofore made by one of those
gentlemen. I find m a speech delivered by tho
distinguished gentleman ironi Maiyiand at the
Cooper Institute, ni New York, on the 9th day of
October last, the followm^clenr and pointed dec-
larations, which throw a flood of light on the ques-
tion under consideration;
"If we should confer freedom and leave the ne?ro a help-
less andfdisarmcd, disfranchised individual, >ou have Jcit
lam the ptey of those that wield political power over him.
ft will never be that thue shall be consolidated liheity at
the South until the Pie-ident s-hall not merely have pro-
claimed freedom, Initiation the negro the u.^e o! arms and
organized him lor freedom v * * * '
There can be no l.berty in the woild without adequate
guarantee. The only jiuaiantee to bo given to the negroes
i>, that at tiie end of tlx; war lar:e itKi->cs of them Mmli he
in aims whom it will ho more dull cult to reduce to slavei v
than to lot them remain lice. [/Tnat's m>.'] Cheat wdl
be our mtann it we should attemptto expel the ncgiofrom
our cod."
Wendell Phillips has seized upon this happy
thought, and, in a recent speech delivered in the
same house in the bumc city during the present
month, thus gives it utterance:
il rfueh decdsateGod'fjmeansof making you willing; that
the negio should occupy tins place iu the nation's history,
with the poweis of the white man, hlted to the ehctive
fr.mchi-e, whic h protects him and in>uics us. Breakup
the land into farm-; put two hundred thousand negroes,
with a rule in ea^h n^lu hand and an officer of their own
ciioo- me; at their head, put tnree hundred thousand white
and black fainn-r1 by thou* s-ide, and tin* £oui!i will upon
itself into a demociaey. That i* namral law out Iheie.
Then I would li.ive civil law heie mutuie the same tiling."
This, .then, is the Winter Davis-Wendell Phil-
lips programme,and shows that they do not pro-
pose to give the white man the start of the negro
in the great contest for superioiity. Mr. Phil-
lips says the negio is to be "lifted to the elective
franchise." The gentleman from Maryland is
not content with leaving the negro a "disfran-
chised individual." Both of then* agree that they
shall be armed amid the unarmed white popula-
tion of the South; and then, in the Lm^imge of
the gentleman from Maryland, " whether they be-
come our equals or our superiors, whether they
blend or become a distinct race, your posterity
will know."
This settles very satisfactorily the meaning of
that part of the gentleman's piogramme in which
he goes so earnestly for tho elevation of the ne-
gro. Bin 1 do not perceive howius to be recon-
ciled with another theory broached by him in his
late speech. He tells us in this elaborate and
well-considered effort that the idea of the hostility
of races is one that is unknown to history, and
he calls upon those who have advanced that the-
ory to point to a single instance where such a
thing as hostility of race has ever manifested it-
self. Then why aim tho ne^ro? Whyattheend
of the war must we have "masses of them in
aims, whom it will be more difficult to reduce to
slavery than to let them remain free?" Is it not
perfectly appaient that the gentleman feels and
recognizes the hostility of these races when he
demands that they shall be armed to defend their
freedom from another lace which will seek to re-
duce them to slaveiy ? hulc.d, why has this race
been so long m servitude in our land except that
they are negioes and of another race than ours*
Is not this the defense and justification that lias
always been urged for tin it enslavement? Would
our fatheis ever hove brought them heie or their
children retained them in bondage but that the fact
of iheir being of another lace gave litem a pre-
text? I will nor go outside of the speech the gen-
tleman made on this floor the other day to show
that he is himself animated by the very sentiment,
hostility cf race, which he so stoutly and so earn-
estly denies the existence of. In the very ex-
pression of his disbelief iu tin* theory of the hos-
tility of races, he cannot regain himself from
the exhibition of his hatred f>r Irishmen, lie
says:
" tint the attack of tbc lu-li on tho ncjriocs in New Voi k
i=. the only example of ihc collision iacos to sustain the
theorj,
" 1 n^roe that it is payable that such a cla«s of population
as that might be tempted to oppre s* tho negio, but no rla-s
ot Amencan population would conde-cuul to do u."
Have not an "Amei ican population" held them
in bondage, for over two hundred years? Was
not this oppression? Does not the gentleman de-
mand that they shall be aimed to prevent an
"American population "from reducing!hem a^ain
to slavery ? Th"oid leaven of Know Noihmjiism
woiks so strongly ni the gentleman that he can-
not make an aigumenr without upsetting it by an
exhibition of his spleen ugai net a foreign and w hat
he considers an interim iuco—the IrUh. " Won't
you ask," he says, " as a matter of kindness to
transplant the Irish back to Ireland?" i certain-
ly should if all Americans bore the hostility to
them he manifests.
The political origin ofthcgentlemnn from Mary-
land is identical with that of my colleague, [Mr.
Blow,] for they are twin brothers of the daik-
laniern fraternity; the chief ingredients of which
organization was hostility to kindred races of
while men of foreign birth. Taken in connection
with the protest of Ins New York speech against
Leaving the negro a u disfranchised individual,"
he would lead me to the conclusion that he would
prefer to see Irishmen and other foreigners dis-
franchised rather than the negro. lie would take
care of the latter by arming and embodying and
instructing them to defend their franchise. But
the doctrine and practice he brought forth into po-
litical life from a Know-Nothing lodge arrayed
rancorous partisans of native birth to drive natu-
ralized citizens from the polls. II is followers were
guilty of deeds of unexampled ferocity to deter
Irishmen and Dutchmen from the exercise of their
legal franchise, and wiih arms and bloody instru-
ments to withhold from them the piivileges he
now demands for the negro. Not withstanding
his heart hns so recently relented toward the ne-
gro, yet his last speech proves that his hatredand
detestation of the Irish still survive, and he is
the last man in this House or out of it who should
venture to stand up and deny that which is at-
tested by all history, and to the truth of which
he becomes an unconscious witness m one of the
closing paragraphs of his speech, saying:
"Allow me to beseech g"ntlemen to recollect ibntwc
people in America aie not tho only ones who have preju-
dice.'-, and that negroes arc not ihe only prosciibed uce iu
the woild; that other nations have been a* unjust and na
inclined n> oppress, and that wc, in t.omc icgioua of the
world, would tare no hotter than negroes do here. How
long has it been since 4 dog of a Christian' was the most
pohte word to us in the Moslem's mouth? How long lias
it been &incc a Brahmin would'condescend to sit ut table
with the inon aiistoeratic Englishman?5*
The only observation I shall make upon this is
that it seems to me that the gentleman's mind is
so truthful and his knowledge of history so accu-
rate that he cannot make an erroneous argument
without exploding it and bringing himself to a
sound conclusion.
I submit it to the candor nnd good sense of the
country which proposition is the most benevolent
and humane toward this oppressed and much-
abused African race—that of Jefferson and Lin-
coln or th \t of the Jacobin leaders of Maryland
and Missouri. Is it not betterfor the negroes to
have provided a country for them in which they
can govern themselves by their own laws, in which
they will have no superiors, but will be protected
by the power of our Govern/nent, rather than re-
main heie as an infeiior and subject race—aiace
of outcasts so far as social and political rights aio
concerned—or even, under the New York pro-
gramme broached by the gentleman from Mary-
land and Mr. Phillips, to attempt to put them on
an equality with the white people, winch both of
these gentlemen say would require to be main-
tained by force of aims to prevent the reduction
of the negroes to slavery? Can any Amencan
citizen find it in his heart to inaugurate such a
contest as that foreshadowed by these gentlemen?'
He cannot delude himself into the belief that the
riot in New York is an isolated instance. That
which occurred there has taken place in almost
every large city in I he country, in Cincinnati, in
Philadelphia, and in the city of Baltimore, whete
the white calkers drove away the negro calkeis
from the ship-yards. He well knows that it
will require " large masses of these negroes to be
in arms at the end of the war," not to pievent
them from being reduced to slavery, for the Gov-
ernment which i^ave them liberty will secure it to
them, but to clothe them with that franchise w hich
he demands for them.
I prefer Mr. Lincoln's humane, wise, and be-
nevolent policy to sacure the peace and happiness
of both races; and until that can be accomplished,
and while both races are being prepared for this
great change, i shall repose in peifr-Ct confidence
in the promise of the Piesident given in his last
message, m which he proposes to remit (he con-
trol of the frv"dm< n to the restored States, prom-
ising to suppoit "any piovUions which may be
adopted by such State government in relation to
