TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
wi -will modify the condition that was coupled
with the confirmation of their title, and allow them
to use it for educational purposes instead of re-
ligious purposes. That is all there is of it. It
is not a question that we have much to say about
on the modification of that condition. It is no
matter about the extent of the estate; we have
confirmed it to them; it is their property " for re-
ligious purposes." They ask as to modify that
condition so that they may use it for the pur-
poses of common education among their people.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be well
enough to let it go over. I should like to look
into it.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the further, con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
"row.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust the bill will not be
postponed. I ilo not see that anybody except the
California delegation is interested in this matter.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say this merely:
this bill was referred by the Senate to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and to some extent I
suppose the Committee on Public Lands is an-
swerable for the character of information to be
presented to the Senate to inform its judgment in
order that it may arrive at a correct conclusion.
As the chairman of that committee, I now state
to the Senate that I am not satisfied that the com-
mittee was well informed as to the facts in the
case, and I ask that the bill may go over until we
may'obtain the necessary information. If the
Senate choose to act on it in advance of that in-
formation, of course I have no personal objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think my colleague
was not well advised in regard to these mission
landa^ Under the act of 1824 nearly all the lands
that Bad been held by the missions were granted
by colonization grants to different proprietors,
they reserving generally simply the garden, the
church buildings, their orchard and vineyard. I
think that in this case there is hut asmallamount
of property, consistingof the mission buildings,
a vineyard,and an orchard, ina partof the coun-
try where property is of very little value. Of
course it has some value, and can be converted
so as to be used for the purpose designed. I
think there can be no objection to the bill, and 1
should like to see it passed at once.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from California
states the case as the committee understood it at
the time, that it was a small property in the coun-
try that ceased to be of practical utility for the
purposes indicated in (he deed of conveyance to
them, and that they desired to dispose of that
property that it might pass into the hands of pri-
vate individuals and they be permitted to rein-
vest the proceeds for educational purposes else-
where. It was in that belief of the facts connected
with the case that the committee made the report.
But the Senator from California [Mr, Conness]
suggests that this probably will affect a large
property, including several leagues of land. That
was not the understanding of the committee, and
hence their report was made on a false basis, and
I desire to be informed now before the Senate is
called on to vote on this bill as to the state of facts
connected with the case. I am not opposed to
the bill if the facts are as I understood them at
the time the committee reported it, and I expect
to vote in favor of the bill; but 1 wish to be in-
formed first. As it was originally referred to the
committee I suppese for the purpose of making
the necessary investigations and laying the facts
before the Senate, in order that the Senate might
act understanding^ upon an examination of the
case, and give an enlightened opinion in their
votes, I desire that it may go over for a day in
order that we may get that information. If, how-
ever, the Senate are of a different opinion, I of
course have no^personal objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I regret very much the course
taken by the honorable Senator from Iowa in re-
gard to this question. Admit now, for the sake
of the argument, that It does apply—I did notsay
that it did; I said that perhaps it did apply to a
larger amount of land than the Senator understood
it to apply to: this bill simply provides that the
condition thatourcourtsnppended to the confirm-
ation, namely, that it should be held in trust by
the archbishop of that churctj " for religious uses
and purposes," shall now be modified by us so
that it may be used for common educational pur-
poses. Now, what is there in the suggestion of
the Senator? I regret very much to oppose any
request that the Senator makes as a Senator; much
less as the honorable chairman of one of the com-
mittees of the Senate; but the Senator must see
very clearly thatitis almost impossible to getup
a California measure here. The time and atten-
tion of the Senate are occupied with important
business. I have struggled day after day to get
up a measure of importance here, and when I do
succeed ingetting itup I find gentlemen,Senators
from other States, understanding the question so
much better than we do, that we cannot get ac-
tion updn it, and it goes over. We ask for very
little legislation for the State of California, very
little indeed, and I think a spirit of wider gener-
osity might be exercised toward us than we meet
with here. I think it is properly and legitimately
a matter of complaint that it is not so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that ther£ is now in this city
a gentleman who has charge of those mission
grounds, who can satisfy the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands at any moment in re-
gard to this bill, and it might be as well to let it
go over now until t,o-morrow, as I do not think
there will bo any opposition to it then.
Mr. CONNESS. I will let it go over, and
move to take up Senate bill No. 109.
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to inquire if the
title to this mission is complete?
Mr. CONNESS. It is complete.
Mr. COWAN. Has it been confirmed?
Mr. CONNESS. It has been confirmed.
Mr. COWAN. Then I should like to know
whether this application ought not to be made to
the Legislature of California?
Mr. CONNESS. The Legislature of Califor-
nia have nothing to do with it.
Several Senators. That subject is disposed of.
The PRESI DENTprn tempore. The Chair will
suggest that it has not passed from the considera-
tion of the Senate, but by unanimous consent it
can be laid over.
'Mr. COWAN. I think I had the floor upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 believe the Senator from
Pennsylvania took the floor from me.
Mr. COWAN. I want to undcistand this bill.
If the honorable Senator from California expects
us to vote advisedly upon it, he had better allow
us to understand it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 was about to withdraw it.
I am much obliged to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania and will give way; but I wish, with the con-
sent of the Senate, although I sec so many Sena-
tors on the floor, to call up another California bill.
I have tried for several days to obtain the floor to
call it up, and if the Senate will consent to the
withdrawal of this measure, I move to take up
Senate bill No. 109.
The PRESlDENTp-o tempore. By unanimous
consent the bill may be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its withdrawal
until 1 can say a word. The motion to postpone
it, I believe, is pending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
pending motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That motion cannot be
disposed of, 1 take it, until the Senate agrees to
have it disposed of. It is not in the power of the
Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was stating that it might be postponed by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unanimous consent has
not been given.
ThePRESIDENT/ii'oicnyjore. The Chairwill
ascertain whether unanimous consent is given to
its postponement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it.
Mr. President, in the very few suggestions that
I made in regard to this bill I did so more to call
the attention of the Senators from California to it
than anything else. I have no objection certainly
to the bill. I supposed that they would be desir-
ous to have the bill in proper form, and more so
than anybody else; and in looking into the bill
it occurred to me it was possible that it might in-
volve some difficulty, and therefore I made the
suggcbtion, not from any hostility to the bill or
any disposition to interfere with California mat-
ters. It was in that spirit," and that spirit alone,
that I called attention to it.
But it seems that the Senator from California
[Mr, Conness] is not willing to permit members
in this body to make suggestions in regard to a
bill, and we are to be lectured in regard to our
course here and as to what course we shall pur-
sue, and the intimation is thrown out that some-
body opposes a measure because it is a California
measure. The Senator has neither warrant nor
authority for making such insinuations. He may
regard them as becoming. It may be consistent
with his sense of public duty when measures are
before theSenate<to suppose that members of the
body are to be controlled by such considerations.
I am Sure they will have no influence upon me. I
think the people of California, if they should ever
look to the proceedings of Congress and at the
action of an individual so humble as myself in
regard to measures affecting that State, will have
no reason to suppose that 1 was ever actuated by
hostility to their interests. I think there is no
reason for the imputation that Congress enter-
tains any such feelings.
My objection to the bill going over was simply
to reply to these remarks and insinuations of the
honorable Senator from California. He will
learn, if he has not already learned, at leatt so far
as my course is concerned, that he will never ac-
complish his ends any quicker by attempting to
cast imputations upon me for the course which I
feel it my public duty to pursue in this body.
Mr. CARLILE. I move that ths Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
238. It is the bill to which I alluded on Monday
morning last.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairun-
derstands the Senator from Illinois as withdraw-
ing his objection to the postponement of the bill
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I have no ob-
jection now to its postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. CONNESS. Before that is done I wish
to say to the honorable Senator from Illinois. 
ThePRESlDENT pro tempore. Thequestion
is on the postponement of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that. Itismyright
to reply to the honorable Senator, I believe, in a
few words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California will pardon the Chair for stating
to the Senate what is the question before the Sen-
ate, without ii!tenuption from the Senator from
California.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from California
understands that very well.
Mr. President, the language of the honorable
Senator from Illinois applied to me comes nearer
to a lecture than any I have deliveied heie. I
think I was entirely warranted in saying that
whenever a California measure comes up II does
meet with objection. The Senator has no right
to presume that I object to a full examination of
every measure that js proposed here from Cali-
fornia; but I submit that the objections taken this
morning to this bill are of the character that I
have described. We are near the end of the ses-
sion; it is important to these parties to pass this
bill and obtain the modification that 1 have men-
tioned of the conditions that are coupled with the
confirmation of their title; the Senator from Illi-
nois objects, and states in the same breath that
he has no objection to the passage of the bill.
Then why not let it pass? If there be objections
to it, why not state them ? I will inform the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois that notwithstanding
the curt lecture I have received from him this
morning I shall regulate my conduct and my lan-
guage here under my own sense of propriety and
not with regard to the estimate that may be placed
upon it at any time by the honorable gentleman.
If it is the wish of the Senate that this measure
shall go over now I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. Has it gone over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not.
The Chair will ascertain whether there is any
further objection to the postponement of the bill.
The Chair heals no objection, and it is postponed.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. IIALE. I move that the Senate postpone
