1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Massachusetts is not more willing than I should
be to pay these soldiers the same amount of com-
pensation that we give to white soldiers. But
there is involved in this measure a principle which
I think is quite dangerous,and will be in its prac-
tical operation in future. The law itself—at least
I assume that to be the true construction of the
law, and it is upon that construction that the par-
ticular motion which is now contemplated is
based—did not authorize any such promise as was
made to these soldiers.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not hear the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law as it stood at that
time—1 mean the law under which they were en-
listed—did not authorize any such promise as is
said to have been made to these soldiers.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator
just there?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. On that the Senator under-
stands there is a. difference of opinion. The Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts most sincerely interprets
the statute of 1861 as authorizing the enlistment
of persons of African descent as volunteers.
Mr. GRIMES. And entitled to thirteen dol-
lars a month ?
Mr. SUMNER. And entitled to thirteen dol-
lars a month. He has stated that in his message;
he has argued it; and I take the liberty of saying
here I have seen no answer to it; and I do not see
how it can be answered. I merely venture to in-
terpose this suggestion at this particular moment,
as the Senator from Maryland was observing that
these soldiers were not enlisted under the statute
of 1861.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not mean to particu-
larize any statute, nor did I mean to say what in
my opinion is the meaning of the act of 1861, or
either of the other aeis on this subject, nor whether
the construction put upon the law by the Execu-
tive of Massachusetts is the correct one or not.
It is sufficient, however, for my purpose to say
that if the Governor of Massachusetts is right, and
these men because of the law under which they
are enlisted are entitled to thirteen dollars a month,
the Treasury will pay them and there is no neces-
sity for any legislation; but the very object of this
legislation, the very necessity for the proposed
law is that the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment do not so construe the law. They there-
fore arc of opinion—and upon that opinion I act—
that, under the law as it stands, these soldiers
are not entitled to more than ten dollars a month;
and it is proposed now to get rid of that difficulty,
not by an amendatory act to operate in the future,
but by an act declaring that, whatever may have
been the law before, or assuming that the law be-
fore would not entitle the soldier to more than his
ten dollars, he is to have his thirteen dollars from
the day of his enlistment. I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to put it upon the ground,
which is'generally true, that where theagentofa
principal in the execution of his agency makes a
promise, thatpromise is as binding upon the prin-
cipal as it would be if made by the principal him-
self. But that does not apply to a public agent.
If it did, the Treasury of the United States would
soon become bankrupt. The rule on the subject
is very familiar, and nobody can be better ac-
quainted with it than the member from Massa-
chusetts, that whoever deals with a public agent,
who is executing a duty devolved on him by
the authority of an act of Congress, is supposed
to know and bound to know the extent of that
authority, and if he thinks proper to trust to any
representation made by the agent which the agent
had no power to make, his only redress is in a
proceeding against the agent. Otherwise, as I
stated just now, the United States would be in a
very unpleasant predicament, particularly at this
time. In Massachusetts, for example—I do not
state it as having occurred, for t am sure it has
not occurred; I have confidence in the integrity of
Governor Andtew;perhaps he is a little wild upon
a particular subject, but that wildness is not con-
fined to the Governor of Massachusetts 
Mr. SUMNER. "Wise" the Senator meant.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Wild'* I said. He may
be a little " wise." I think he is certainly wild.
But so far as the question is concerned it is very
probable—I speak only of the Governor as I am
sure I might be spoken of mysolf-—if is very prob-
able that the Governor of Massachusetts was in-
duced to put his construction upon that act be-
cause he thought such ought to be the law and
wished that such should be the law. Now, I have
in my possession a letter received from one hun-
dred and forty-two soldiers belongingto the four-
teenth regimentofNew York, in which they state
this to have occurred, and they make a very strong
case of it if their facts are true: that when they
were mustered into the service they were told by
the recruiting officer and by the mustering officer
that they were to be discharged from the service
at the same date that the regiment in which they
were to be enlisted was to be discharged under its
enlistment; that is to say, at the end of two years,
the regiment to which they were attached having
already served one year. They with the original
members of the regiment were to go at the ex-
piration of two years. There is no doubt that
they were so told, and they came into the ser-
vice of the United States under what they be-
lieved to be a rightful pledge made to them in
behalf of the Government. They come here to
the Department, or I went there for them, and I
was told—and I have no doubt the Department
act light—that they could not recognize any such
pledge as that; if made at all, it was made with-
out the authority of the Department, and it is a
matter that the soldier is bound to know in advance
before he enters upon the service what is in point
of law the obligation which he is about to con-
tract with the Government.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable member
from Rhode Island tells us, and I have no doubt
it is true, that some of these men were told that
they were to get thirteen dollars a month. Told
by whom? Told by the man who enlisted them.
Who was he? You give two dollars a man to
every person who will enlist a soldier, and with
a certain description of men two dollars is very
apt to make them believe they have an authoiity
which they have not got, and to make statements
by which they will be able to make their two dol-
lars, but nobody pretends, as I understand, that
there was any assurance given by the War De-
partment to any one of these soldiers that upon
coming into the seivice of the United States they
were to be paid any more than ten dollars a month.
In my view, therefore, there is no obligation,
either legal or moral, upon the Government to pay
these men more than the law entitles them to. If
Senators think the Treasury of the United States
at this time is m a condition to give away eight
or nine hundred thousand or a million dollars; I
do not know how much it will come to; there are
differences of opinion in relation to the amount in-
volved m it 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to make a suggestion on that point?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand that the
discietion given to the Secietary of War by the
amendment now proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts will permit of such a loose applica-
tion as the Senator from Maryland describes. I
ask the Senator if he has paid attention to the
amend ment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I heaid it. The amendment
provides only—I do not give its exact words—
that the Secretary of War is to be satisfied that,
some assurance was made to these men that they
were to get the same pay as white troops.
Mr. SUMNER. The language is " that they
wore led to suppose."
Mr. JOHNSON. "Led to suppose." By
whom? By anybody; and all that would be re-
quired by the Secretary would be to get an affi-
davit from some man that these soldiers were told
that they weie to get thn teen dollars a month. He
does not sit as a court, with testimony on both
sides, and bring the witness before him and ask
him how he came to give any assurance.
The Senator from Massachusetts tells us, and {
believe he has written evidence of it, that Geneial
Ullman, who commands a biigade of the Corps ij
d'Afrtque m Louisiana, made that assurance. ,1
That may be true; but I cannot help doubting it, ;!
because I know Geneial Uilman is a lawyer, and a
very good lawyer, and I take forgianted he knew ij
what the law was, and if he -did not know what i;
thclaw was I also take it forgranted that he would j|
not have so far forgotten his duty as to induce
those m^n to go into service by promising ihem ;
thirteen dollars a month when he knew they could (
only get ten dollars. If he did it he ought to be ,
no longei in the command of that bngade, because, !i
according to my view of conduct of that descrip,-
tion, he would be a dishonor to'his clo'th. TDltere
may be and will be sent to the Department in all
human probability, for we all know how e&.$y
those affidavits are procured, affidavit "afte? affi-
davit that^ General Ullman was heard'to make
this promise.
Mr. SUMNER. There is the handbill signed
by him.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, a handbill. How is-
sued? Under what authority issued? Who be-
lieved it when issued? 1 do not think the prafc-
tical effect as to the amounttc be paid out/if
pass the joint resolution without, the amendments
suggested by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, will be at all affected by the adoption of
the amendment. That honorable member says
that he deals with this as a practical question'*,
that with him it is not a matter of sentiment in
this particular instance. He has some little senti-
ment on the general subject; he seems to have
studied that con amorc; I do not blame him forit.
But he says he deals with this question as a prac-
tical question. That is true; he does deal with
it very practically, for he takes out of the Treas-
ury $800,000, or whatever may be the amount of
it. That is being practical with a vengeance!
The true way as f think to deal with it is, throw-
ing sentiment aside, which the honorable member
says he has done—he will permit me to say that
he would have been more accurate if he were to
say that he thinks he has done it—throwing all
sentiment aside, let us ask are these soldiers en-
titled to this money? If they are, in God's name
give it. If they are not, then give it to them if
you think the Treasury is in a condition to part
with eight or nine hundred thousand dollars for
nothing.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very evident to my mind
that this matter is compromised by attempting to
cover some individual cases in a general law. It
may be the case, and no doubt it is so, that there
have been individual instances of hardship, or
would be if we passed the bill as it now stands,
and should not pass some subsequent act for the
relief of those particular regiments. 1 think,how-
ever, that the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs had better not involve this bill with
any reference to the Massachusetts regiments or
to the Rhode Island men who have been enlisted
or to the South Carolina regiments. Let us agree
by this bill that from this time forth every man
who is in our employment as a soldier, no mat-
ter what may be his color, shall be entitled to the
same pay; and then, if it is necessary to pass some
special legislation to cover the fifty-fourth and
fifty-fifih Massachusetts regiments,or to applyit
to the regiments in South Carolina, let the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs intro-
duce a bill for that purpose, and call it up, and if
it contains merit I for one will vote for it. But
I do not think this bill ought to be retrospective.
We shall have accomplished a great deal when
we shall have accomplished as much as this bijl
proposes; and that is to give to colored soldiers
the same pay, and authorize the President to give
them the same bounties that are given to white
soldiers. 1 trust the chairman of the committee
will see that the policy which I have suggested is
the best one, to withdraw that part of the bill
which makes it retrospective; and then if we waht
a retiospective bill applied to particular cases let
us pass it afterwards.
Mr. HOWE. I rise simply to assent to the ad-
vice just given by the Senator from Iowa. It
seems to me it is eminently sensible. I take it
you cannot, by ageneral bill, undertake to do jus-
tiee to a great variety of special cases. We do
not know upon what facts they rest. It does seem
to me that the Senator from Massachusetts, in
urging the propriety of making this bill retro-
active, has put it upon the right ground; and
that is that there is a legal i ight vested in at least
some portion of the colored troops which have
been mustered into the service of the United States
to receive thirteen dollars a month. If the fact
is so we cannot take away that right; nor can we
by any action of ours strengthen it; and it strikes
me that if the fact is not so it would be danger-
ous to undertake, after these troops have been
paid and the rolls have been returned to the office
of the Pay master General, to reopen these accounts
and to put theTieasury of the United States in the
hands of ail these paymasteis and authorize them
