1864.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
county, in the State of Minnesota"; and an act (II.
R. No. 206) in addition to an act for the estab-
lishment of eettam arsenals; when the Speaker
signed the same.
CHARLES B. SHIRLEY.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Accounts, reported the fol-
lowing1 resolution; winch was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to pay
out of the touting ut lutid to Cbaile* B. Shnley, lor Ins?
services as <ne-.senger, the sum ol $730, the same being /or
six months7 s*omce pievious to May 1, 1858, the said
Shiiley to receive the s,aine in hi!! oi hi^chum tor §2,«I3 £8
ptesented to the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsidcr the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Oil DDK OF BUSINESS.
Mr, HOOPER. I call for the regula-r oiderof
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill in regard to
the rebellious States reported from the select
committee upon that subject by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and upon which the
gentleman ftora Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideuuion of that bill until after the con-
sideration of the bank bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. And the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The tax bill is not yet a
special oid< r; it was merely postponed.
Mr. PENDLETON. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman that he move to postpone tins bill until
Tuesday next. This bill in reference to the re-
bellious States is not important.
Mr. FENTON. I will move then to postpone
this subject for a few days.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is possible that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. J. C.Allen] desires
to be heard to-day.
Mr PENDLETON. Oh no, he is not par-
ticular about that.
Mr. FENTON. I will move, then, to postpone
this subject till a day certain, when, 1 suppose, it
will come up in its tegular oider.
The SPEAKER. It is now a special order.
Does the gentleman from New York accept the
suggestion of the gentleman fi om Ohio [Mr. Pe\t-
PLiiiON-] that tins bill he postponed until both the
bank bill nnd the tax bill are disposed'of?
Mr, ASHLEY. I understand that there aie a
number of gentlemen on this side of the House
who desire to have night sessions next week, at
which this question can be discussed, and there-
fore I should be reluctant to allow tins measure
to be postponed until those other measures are
disposed of. I suggest that it be postponed so as
to occupy the position in which it now stands.
The SPEAKER. If the bill be postponed it
will still occupy its position as a special order.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the proposition now
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The bill in reference to the
rebellious States is now before the House, bein«;
the special oider after the morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS. How, then, can it be post-
poned ?
The SPEAKER. By a majority vote of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS. But the gentleman's right to
the floor cannot be displaced.
Mr. PENDLETON. He is willing to yield.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 am perfectly willing to
yield; but, at the same tune, 1 am prepaied to
submit the remarks which 1 have to make to-day. '
The SPEAKER. The effect of the proposed
postponement will be that this bill will come up
as a special older after the bank bill shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. llOLMAN. „ What would be the effect of
postponing this bill without reference to other
measures? What other business would come up
in order?
Mr. DRIGGS. Business of the Committee on
Public Lands is next in oidei.
The SPEAKER. The bank bill would then
come up.
Mr. STEVENS. What would be the effect
of postponing this bill without any order on the
subject?
The SPEAKER. It would leave the bill io
the exact position it is in now.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the proposition be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is that the bill in refer-
ence to the rebellious States be passed over.
Mr, BROOKS. I consider the tax bill the most
important measure before the House now. The'
bill in reference to the rebellious States is import-
ant also; but the bank bill was killed after ample
discussion, and I think it should be the last bill
to be brought before the House now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from New York [Mr. Fenton] will insist
on his motion to postpone.
Mr. FENTON. I do insist on it.
The SPEAKER. The tax bill will have to be
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. This bill is the special order
in the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to any change in the
special order.
The SPEAKER. The majority of the House
•can postpone it.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. To avoid all further con-
troversy, i will proceed with the remarks I have
to make.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to gentlemen to with-
draw objection to this bill being passed over in-
formally.
Mr. BROOKS. I have said that in my judg-
ment the most important bill before this House is
the tax bill. The " lebel States" is ccitainly a
bill of great importance, more impoitant than the
bank hill, besides which the bank bill has been
already adjudicated upon by the House. 1 would
piefer, therefore, that the tegular order of busi-
ness should be proceeded with rather than to lay
it aside foi the put pose of taking up the bank bill.
We shall reach that in due time in its regular
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I had supposed that the
tleman from Illinois who is entitled to the floor
did not wish to pioceed with his speech to-day,
and that ho was willing that the bill should go
over until Tuesday, when he will, of course, re-
sume his right to the floor.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I said that I was willing
to give way for a motion to postpone; but since
this controveisy has arisen over the question, I
believe 1 would prefer to go on to-day, if it is the
pleasure of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois that he can ascertain
the pleasuie of the House without losing his right
to the floor, by allowing the motion to be made,
to postpone.
Mr. J- C. ALLEN. Very well, sir. 1 will
give way to allow the motion to be made, and
will let the House determine the matter.
Mr. FENTON. I move then that the bill be
postponed until Tuesday next after the morning :
hour; and on that motion I demand the previous ;
question.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 ask the gentleman fiom
New York to allow rue to make the motion that
this bill bo postponed until after the tax bill has
been disposed of.
Mr. FENTON. I say to the gentleman from
Ohio that I do not feel at liberty to accede to his
request without first consulting the mover of the
biii.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the bank bill come up |j
as a matter of coursodf this matter is postponed r h
The SPEAKER. Not unless the House post- Ij
pones two other bills which take piecedence of it. !j
Air. PENDLETON. 1 appeal again to the ]'
gentleman from New York to allow me to move j!
to amend his motion so as to postpone this bill ;|
until after the tax biil shall have been disposed of. |!
Mr. FENTON. Upon consulting with the j|
mover of the bill, I And that he prefers to have it j|
postponed until Tuesday. I shall have therefore j|
to decline the request ot the gentleman. . !i
The previous question was seconded—ayes 74, jl
noes 38. |j
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded ;i
the yeas and nays on ordering the main ques-
tion. •]
The yeas and nays weie ordered. !'
The question was taken; and it wt-s decided in jj
the atfiimauve—yeas 72, nays 53; as follows: j;
YEAS—Mean? Alley,Allison,Ames,Anderson, Arnold, ^
Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Maxtor, Be.unan, Blame, Bout- u
well, Bioomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Cieswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Driggs,
Eckley, Farm-worth, Femon, Frank,Garfield,Cooeh, Grin-
neit, Higbv, Hooper, Asahcl VV. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Jenck«v, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kel-
logg, Loan, Longvenr," Marvin, MeBride, MeClurg, Melti-
doe, Samuel F. Millet, Mooihead, Morn!!, Daniel Morris,
Amos iYlyci-s, Od'-ll, Chailes O'Neill, Ortli, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy. Pi lee, Willi,mi H Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice,Edwaid fi. Rollins, Shannon, Slo,iii, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Upson, lilihu B. Washbuiue, William
B. Washburn, Wobaer, Williams, Wilder. Window, and
Woodbndge—72.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Bally,
Augu&tus C. Baldwin,Brooka, James S. Blown, Clay, Cra-
vens, Dawson, Denmur, Denixon, Eden, Eldmlge, Finek,
Ganson, Grider, Hall, Hauling, Hernck, Holimuu tfotch-
kiss, Hutclun?. Kalbtlei-ch, Kenian, King, Knapp, Law,
Lazear, Lmig, McDowell, MeKtnney, William H. Miller,
James R. Morns, Moiriaon. Noble, Pendleton, Piuyn, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, James S. Rollins. Ross,
John B. Steele, Strode, Stuari, Sweat, Vonrhees, Whaley,
Wheelei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield,
and Fernando Wood—53.
So the main question was ordered.
The question recurred upon the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allej, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John 0. Bakhvm, Baxter, Beatnan, Blame, Bout-
well, Bioomall, William G. Brown, Atnbiose W. Claik,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Ciebwell, Dawes, Driggs,
Dumoni, Ecklcy, Eldttdge, Farnsvvoith, Garfield, Gooeh,
Giinnell, Ilighy, Hooper, Amabel W. Hubbaid, John FI.
Hubbard, Jenekos, Julian,Kasson, Kelley,Francis W.Kel-
logg, Oilando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Maiviti, MeBride,
Mc'Clum, Molndoe, Samuel F. Miller. Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morns, Amos Myeiv, Charles 0'Neill,0ith, Peiham,
Pike, Pnee, William IJ. Randall, Alo.vandet H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins*, Ro**&, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Stevens, Smart, Thayer. Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Elihu B.
WaMibui ne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Wiialey,
Williams,Wilder, WiNoiijWindom, and Woodlnidge—76.
NAYS—Mes=r . James C. Allen, William J. Allen,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Biooks, James S. Blown, Clay,
Cotfroth, Dawson, Denton, Eden, Fmck, Gnder, Harding,
Benjamin G. flams, Hentek, dolman, Ilutehms, William
Johnson, Kalbfiei'eh, Keman, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Long,
McDowell, MeKinnoy, James* R. Morn?*, Nelson, Noble,
Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiouse, Sweat,
Vooiliees, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Winfield, and Fernando Wood—46.
So the bill was postponed until Tuesday next,
after the morning hour.
FORT PILLOW DISASTER.
Mr. WILSON, f ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution for
the purpose of action upon it at this time. I pre-
sume no member will object.
Several Members. Read for information.
The joint resolution directing the committee on
the conduct of the war to examine into the recent
attacks on Fort Pillow was read. It directs the
committee on the conduct of the war, or such
members as thecommittee may designate, to pro-
ceed at once to Fott Pillow, Tennessee, and ex-
amine into the facts and circumstances attending,
the recent attack and capture of such fort by the
rebels; and report to the House with as little de-
lay as possible,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will pro-
vide for a committee to be appointed by the
Speaker for that purpose, I am sure there will be
no objection.
Mr. WILSON. We have already a commit-
tee on the conduct of the war, which I think is
sufficient.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced, and read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTENDENCY.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following jesolution:
ResoUetl, Thai the ojdwr of thifcHou« given on the 19th
of April instant, to print the accounts ot'the superintendent
and agent of the southern Indian superintendeney be, and
is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. HOLMAN. What js the reason for that
resolution?
