18(54.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fft
38th Cono....1st Skss.
Freedmen's Affairs—Mr. Knapp.
Ho. OF REJ?S.
ryland [Mr. Dams] alludes so contemptuously,
([forgetting for thrmoment that be is now attempt-
ing to patronize thnt most meritoriousclassof New
England men,) has brought with him from his
northern home the same sturdy honesty thnt dis-
tinguishes the men with whom belabored, as well
as the honor of the Navy, which has never been
tarnished and in which lie gained his first dis-
tinction. He and the Secretary of the Navy will
not permit their friends to shield them by voting
against absolutions of inquiry or investigation,
and are ready to commit the inquiry to those who
make the accusations.
^ My colleague [Mr. Blow] was very apprehen-
sive lest I should be put on the committee which
I had moved, and gives that as areason for voting
against the scrutiny. I do not think the action
of the Speaker in that regard need strike him with
any great tremor. There lias been no disposition
on the part of the Speaker to place me upon com-
mittees when lie could avoid it. I came here
somewhat late, having " lingered in the field," as
mycolleague says reprovingly, until active oper-
ations were over, and stood upon no committee.
Soon afterwards a committee was created on the
conduct of the war, and to examine into fraudu-
lent contracts in the War Department. There
was immediately " a double shuffle" of the cards
in the face of the House. One of my colleagues
[Mr. Loan] resigned his place on the Military
Committee, and was placed on the new commit-
tee, and 1 was put into his old shoes. It would
seem, therefore, that the Speaker is not anxious
to place me where 1 could pry into these delicate
matter4?, I cannot perceive the propriety of the
gentleman's doubts as to the Speaker's entire im-
partiality. He has already declared in a public
card that he is not for Lincoln for the next Pres-
idency, and even goes so far as to say that he is
for none of the prominent candidates named for
that high place. No man could possibly occupy
a more impartial attitude. [Laughter.]
No one can have failed to observe the broad
distinction between the conduct of the friends of
the Secretary of the Navy and that of the friends
of the Secretary of the Treasury upon matters
of this kind. The Secretary of the Navy has
invited scrutiny into the affairs of his Depart-
ment, and those who have made accusations and
moved resolutions of inquiry have become the
conductors of the scrutiny without complaint or
resistance on the part of his friends. This is
proper and parliamentary; any other course
would stifle investigation and be unfair to those
who make the accusations. The law of parlia-
mentary proceedings says that " the child is not
to be put to a nurse that cares not for it"—an in-
vestigation is not to be committed to those who
oppose it. " It is therefore a constant rule,"says
the Manual, "that no man is to be employed in
any matter who has declared himself pgamst it."
"And when any member who is against the bill
(or inquiry) hears himself named of us commit-
tee, he ought toask to be excused." (Barclay's
Digest, p. 84.) If the scrutiny is intrusted to
those who are opposed to it, of course nothing'
will be found; nor is it fair to him who alleges,
upon his responsibility as a member, that there
is ground for investigation, to deny him the op-
portunity of establishing it. What I ask in this
matter is that the friends of the Secretary of the
Treasury will concede what is demanded by par-
liamentary law, and then 1 will stand or fall by
the result. I am without the power, position, or
ability of the distinguished Secretary, but my
reputation is as dear to me as his can be to him
or his friends. I have made the allegations, and
I have offered to put them to the test. His friends
have refused it, and in doing so have stabbed their
friend. I have taken this course because time
and again icmonstrances have been made against
the nefarious system which inflicts so much in-
jury upon my constituents and the whole West;
the Secretaiy has tieated these repiesentations
with contempt; and his advocates, when hard
pressed, have sought to shift the burden upon the
shouldeis of the President and General Grant.
Not rontent with using this vast patronage to
undermine the man who gave him his position,
he seeks to cast the odium of his own corrupt
acts upoji him whose confidence he has thus be-
trayed.
What right under the law had he to impose its
restrictions within the State of Missouri? The
law was enacted to regulate trade and intercourse
between loyal States and States in insurrection.
Does it allow i est notions within the State of Ohio ?
Has Missouri ever been declared in insurrection?
Missouri lias always had a loyal government,
recognize^! by every department of die Federal
Government: and although her territory has been
invaded by the enemy, yet for a year past no force
as formidable as that with which John Moigan
invaded Indiana and Ohio has trodden upon her
soil, or remained there as long or fared better dur-
ing their sojourn. Wtiy, then, keep these re-
strictions in Missouri, and not in Ohio and Indi-
ana? Until within the last month a man livingin
Missouri, twenty miles from St. Louis, could not
get a barrel of salt or flour from that city with-
out paying for a permit. I am told that a judge
of our supreme court living in the adjoining county
of St. Charles, paid for a permit in St. Louis to
take a picture ot General Washington to his home
as a Christmas present to his children. Thisthing
has been continued to within the last twenty days;
and for the lust six months no organized force of
the enemy has penetrated north of the Arkansas
river. It was at last discontinued on the petition
of my distinguished radical colleagues, and bla-
zoned as a triumph of their influence. The Sec-
retary could not have been hurried any by my
resolution, for he felt himself safe here in the
hands of his friends. It was brought to me to
sign, I signed, not that petition, buta statement
"that in my opinion there had been no excuse
for this thing for the last six months;" but for
fear of offending the august Secretary my pro-
test and signature were erased. My colleague
taunts me with my zeal for my " trailing friends."
1 have none who would "trade" off the rights in-
trusted to their defense for the smiles of a man in
power.
The permit system has finally been abandoned
in Missouri, but the agentsarui officials who for-
meily spread this network over our desolated
State and pinched its ruined inhabitants, still le-
main. These dependents on the Secietary, these
agents and missionaries of his presidential aspi-
rations, are still exiant and receive their salaries.
Some of them, I suppose, employ themselves in
disseminating that "strictly private" circular
which came to life'the other day, which informs
us that the friends of Mr. Chase, who have so
feelingly denounced all open efforts to bring for-
ward a candidate for the Presidency, have been
secietly forming an organization in Ins favor all
over the country, and which charges the Admin-
istration of Mr. Lincoln with "corruption."
None know better than the f  iends of Mr. Chase
at whose door that corruption lies, as their efforts
to stifle investigation heie so plainly prove.
It is a matter of surpuse that a man having the
instinctsofagentleman would remain in the Cabi-
net after the disclosure of such an intrigue against
the one to whom he owes his portfolio.
I presume the President is well content that he-
should stay; for ovei y hour that he remains sinks
him deeper in the contempt of every honorable
mind.
Mi. Chairman, I give notice that on Monday
next, or as soon theieafter as I am permitted to
do so, I will reintroduce the resolution which I
have already had the honor to propose to the
House, and if not again refused by the friendsof
the Secretary, I will either establish the facts 1
have alleged, or I will make the amplest repara-
tion iii my power to the distinguished gentleman
at the head of the Treasury.
FREEDiMEVri AFFAIRS.
SPEECH Or IION. A. L. KNAPP,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Riipresentatives,
March 1, 1864.
The House having resumed the consideration of the bill
lo establish a Bureau of Freednien's Affairs—
Mr. KNAPP said:
Mr. Speaker: After the lengthened discussion
already had upon this bill, I feel somewhat reluc-
tant to detain the House from voting upon it, es-
pecially as I do not suppose that any argument
can be made which will' in any respect change t^e
views of those constituting the majority upon this
floor-, but having, while serving upon the com-
mittee by whom this bill was reported, had'occa-
sion to examine into the merits of the proposed
measure, and to some extent given it considera-
tion, I feel it incumbent upon me to state my ob-
jections to the bill.
The measure, in my judgment, proposes such
extensive and important changes in the whole
social economy of so large a portion of the labor-
ing population of a part of the United States as to
call for careful scrutiny at our hands before we
commit the Government to an undertaking so vast
as 1 regard this to be.
It is apparent, I presume, to the mind of every
gentleman who has examined this bill, as/wan
remarked by my friend from New York,'[Mr.
Brooks,] who discussed this measure ten or twelve
days ago, that perhaps nothing has been presented
to the American Congress which surpasses this in
the magnitude of the interest involved in it. 1
think that gentleman stated that the territory oyer
which this bill proposes to operate contained an
area not less than that of the original thirteen
Slates which formed the present Government of
the United States.
In order that we may comprehend what I con-
sider to be the fair extent and scope of this meas-
ure, and the number of persons to be affected bv
the proposed legislation, let us look at it with ref-
erence to the intentions entertained by the dom-
inant party upon this floor in regard to the rebel-
lion and us suppression. 1 do not misstate their
views when I say that in the efforts now being
made for suppressing this rebellion they profess
to intend nothing less than the entire overthrow
of the military power now arrayed against the
Government of the United States wherever it is
manifested, and to reduce to the authority of the
Federal Government every portion of the terri-
tory which ever belonged to and formed part of
the United States.
This much I feel warranted in stating to be their
assumed position and which probably will not be
denied by any one.
I take it, also, I am not misrepresenting their
position when I state that under the various acta
of Congress already passed, and under the proc-
lamations of the President of the United States,
which latter, in their judgment, have all the force
and effect of law, they intend to emancipate every
slave now within the States in insurrection ana
formally attached to this rebellion. Efforts have
already been put forward by the President, in the
exercise of what they assert to be the appro-
priate war power of that officer, by which " the
chains of slavery" have been stricken off the limbs
of every slave in those States whose fortunes have
made them a portion of what is called the confed-
erate States. Thus much they insist to have been
already accomplished.
I do not believe that t misrepresent them when
I further say they intend by future legislation the
entire emancipation of ail the slaves which are
held in those States which have never been recog-
nized as forming part of the confederate States
and heretofore exempted in the proclamations of
the President.
If I am correct in this proposition, what then
is theiield over which this bill is destined to operate?
It is to operate over each and every one of those
States which have heretofore by their laws le-
galized and sustained the institution of slavery.
Every person who is to be affected by this bill
was at nne time a slave. It is only thus by stating
and examining what their own propositions and
intentions are that we can fully or at all compre-
hend the measure and extent of the subjects pro-
posed in this bill. Certainly, sir, in the language
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kalb-
fleiscii,] they are vast enough, vast enough so
far as teinioiy ;s concerned, numerous enough
so far as the individuals who are to be the recipi-
ents of the benefits of tins legislation aro concerned,
to make us pause and fairly estimate and care-
fully weigh the reasons adduced by the friends of
this measuie before cnteiing upon so gigantic a
system of governmental espionage and patron-
age. Never, since the days when the children
of Israel toiled in the brick-yards of Egypt under
