THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
aiiifinilli 'in
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHIIfGTOiC
■ Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1864.
nehv series.**
added 'except in the extraneous matter that is
added by the men who grind it, just as there is
in grinding coffee. That is the way the addition
is made. If they ground it pure, there would not
be anything added to it; but hardly any of these
articles such as cloves are ground pure, I appre-
hend, although mustard m%y be ground pure. I
imagine that with most of these articles foreign
substances are mixed in the process of grinding.
I am not particular about this amendment; I do
not know that one cent, a pound is too little; but
in regard to the other proposition upon which we
have just voted relative to ground coffee,! should
like to put on five cents.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to amend the
ninety-third section, lti line four hundred and fifty-
two, on page 144, by striking out " thirty-five"
and inserting " forty-five." That is in the clause
relative to manufactured tobacco. By an amend-
ment adopted last night, there was an invidious
distinction made between plug and cut tobacco.
The duty upon fine-cut was raised from thirty-
five to forty-five cents. The effect of my amend-
ment will be to raise the same revenue from cav-
endish, plug, and twist that you now raise upon
fine-cut. "There should be no distinction between
the two,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest 'to the Senator from Michigan that the
clause to which he refers has been already stricken
Out and another clause itisei ted in lieu of it, and
therefore his amendment is not now in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 must wait until the bill
gets into the Senate, I suppose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to amend a part
of the ninety-third section, which will be found
on page 140, lines three hundred and forty-six and
three hundred and forty-seven, by striking out the
woid "five" and inserting 44 three." As the
clause now stands it imposes a duty of five,per
cent, ad valorem on quicksilver. I have very good
reasons for believing that that will be a most ruin-
ous tax. This interest can afford to pay three
er cent.,although there is some doubt about that,
t is very important to the development of gold
and silver in California, particularly of gold, that
quicksilver should be made as cheap as it can be
made, and in older to accomplish that it is neces-
sary that the development of quicksilver mines
should beeneouraged rather than discouraged. It
is possible that the large mines now m operation
might be able to bear a heavy tax of tins kind,
but there are now being discovered in California,
and Oregon too, I believe, certainly in California,
a variety of other mines, which promise a fair
remuneration to the discovercis if they can be
worked at anythinglikeamoderatecxpense,and
it is very important to us that we should encour-
age them, so that we may compete with the quick-
silver mines of Spain.
From information which I have,and on which
I think reliance may be placed, consideung the
sources from which I get it, it seems to me that a
duty of five pet cent, is rather more than it would
be politic to impose. The Senators from Cali-
fornia, perhaps, are in possession of information
on this subject, and I appeal to the one whom I
have the pleasure to see before me on the other
side of the Chamber, [Mr. Confess,] the other
Senator not being now in his seat, whether a tax
of three per cent, would not be as great a tax as,
under all the circumstances, this paitieular article
should have imposed upon it.
Mr. CONN ESS. As has been statetl by the
honorable Senator from Maryland, quicksilver is
used very largely for mining purposes, and the
tax of five per cent, here imposed, in addition to
being a tax upon quicksilver, is also a tax on the
production of gold and silvet. There is no gold
or silver extracted from ore without the use of
quicksilver. There is one great quicksilver pro-
ducing mine in California, the New Alaiaden
mine, thafSve have all heard of. A tax of five
per cent., although it would be a very heavy tax
on them, 1 have no doubt the proprietors of that
mine could well afford to pav. But it is unlike a
167
E
tax on gold. While the value of gold is estab-
lished by law, and any tax applied to it is so much
taken away from it, and cannot b& added to its
value to the consumer, the contrary is' the fact
with quicksilver, and in that respect lt.is like any
manufacture. If five percent, should be imposed
as a tax upon quicksilver it would simply be put
by the producer of quicksilver upon its price, and
added to the cost of the production of gold.
But the chief impolicy of the tax as it is pro-
posed in this clause of the bill, is that white the
proprietors of the New Almaden mine could af-
ford to pay the tax, it would perhaps effectually
stop many experiments that are being made in
California in thfe production of quicksilver. There
is a company in the Napa valley, not far from
Napa, that have been operating for nearly three
years past, and they are still in operation, butthey
have never produced any considerable amount of
quicksilver yet. They are mining and producing
the ore and endeavoring to reduce it. There are
many others. A tax of five per cent, on them
would have the effect, probably, of stopping their
works.
I think that if the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance would give his attention to
it, if the matter were allowed to be passed over
now until we get into the Senate, the provision
might be lecoristructed so as to give us quite as
much tax as the five per cent, amount, and a much
more just one as applied to those engaged in ex-
perimental effort in producing quicksilver. My
opinion decidedly is that this particular provis-
ion should be reconsti ucted. 1 have explained
that the tax on quicksilver! whatever it may be,
will be added to the cost of the production of gold,
and to that extent it is an indirect tax on that pro-
duction.   I will say that I am in favor of indirect
provisions for taxing that product, because I
think it is the most unobjectionable way. i do
not make so much complaint of that; but I sug-
gest that a duty should not be imposed upon com-
panies who do not produce quicksilver enough to
pay their expenses. The experiments that are
being made to produce quicksilver by other com-
panies than the New Almaden, should be en-
couraged rather than the contrary, because that
company now has a pretty thorough monopoly
of the quicksilver m the American market, and
in addition sends iis quicksilver all over the world.
If it be not voted upon now, I think the matter
should be taken into consideration when we get
into the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN (f this amendment be
withdrawn now it can be moved again in the
Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before that is done I
wish to suggest an amendment that 1 desire to
propose, in order that the chairman of the Finance
Committee may consider it. 1 propose to leave
this clause as it stands, but to add the words " on
the gioss proceeds less the cost of production,
such pioceeds and cost of production to be ascer-
tained and determined by such rules and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Treasury " A tax of five per cent, would not
be objected to if it was upon the results of the
mine. The five per cent, as it stands in the bill
is equal to fifteen percent, on the net proceeds of
the mine. Two per cent, on the gross proceeds
would be six per cent, on the net. This interest
has always been favored by the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and premiums awarded by the Janladc
Mlncria of Mexico for the purpose of developing
quicksilver mines, quicksilver being essential to
the production of gold and silver. That has been
considered a matter of policy on the part of the
Spanish Government and the Mexican Govern-
ment, and should be by our Government. A tax
of five per cent, on the net proceeds would not he
objected to; and I think the amendment which I
have suggested is in such foun as to accomplish
that object. But even three per cent., as suggested
by the Senator from Maryland, would be too
much as a tax upon gross proceeds. The work-
ing of quicksilver nimesis a very expensive busi-
ness; and according tctthe best information I have,
the five percent, as it is in thb 'bill wotfld' abQlU
fifteen per cent, on the net proceeds. _ suggest
the amendment now; I d:o riot cure about taking
it up until the bill combs into the Senate,. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope ihe ^etiat^r fh^
Maryland will withdraw.'his amendment',,and
can consider the question after the bill sh'all bfe
reported to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well, I Withdraw it,'
Mr.'HARRIS. I propose an amendment to
the one hundred and second section of the billon
page 155. That section as it now stands imposes
a duty of two and a half per cent, on the gross
receipts of railroads and steamboats. 1 propose
to amend the section so as to embrace all common
carriers, to impose a duty of two and a half per
cent, upon the gross receipts of all person's and
corporations engaged in carrying, passengers or
freight. This amendment if adopted'wili",'in* my
judgment, add perhaps millions to the receipts 6,f
the Government under this bill, and 1 am quite
aware that it will affect more largely my own con-
stituents than the people of any other'State'; but
such is my confidence in their patriotism and their
willingness to contribute their full share to the
revenues of the Government in this crisis, that I
believe I shall secure their commendation rather
than their censure for moving this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all after the word " that," in line one of sec-
tion one hundied and two, down to and including
the word " respectively " m line twenty-one,and
to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Eveiy ppjaou, fhm, company, 01 corpoiation, owning or
possessing, or having the care or management of any ruil-
load, canal, steamboat, ship, barge, canal-bone, or other
vessel, or any !>tape-coacii or oilier vcluele engaged or em-
ployed in the business of tran.-vpomng pu&.seju<;er.s or prop-
erty lor hire, or in tianspoiting the mail1? of the United
States, or any canal the water of which i<? Ur?ed for mining
puiposes, .shall be subject to pay a duty of two and a half
per cent, upon the gro.ss leceipts of hueh-lailroad, canal,
&fc;ambo:ir, ship, baiye, canal boat, or other vessel, or such
stage coach ot other vehicle: Piovidcd, That the duty
hereby imposed shall not bo charged upon any vessel ex-
elusively engaged in cariying pi-r^on-or property or both to
or from any port of the United States to or Iron) any for-
eign port.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 would ask the honorable
member from New York whether the description
of common carriers embraced by hisamondmenr,
and not cmbiaced by this section of the b,iU as it
stands, is not already taxed in some other por-
tion of the bill. I rather think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Express companies are.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are common carriers.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are provided for by
the next section.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will they not be included
in this too ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They do notowri the roads
or vehicles in which they transport goods.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the amendment be' iJead
again, i do not know that 1 understand it thor-
oughly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
again.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now I submit to the hon-
orable member from New York that that embraces
express companies," which are already embraced
in the next section of the bill as it stands. The
express companies, most of them if not all of
them, own the carnages in which they carry their
freight, and af times they carry passengers, I be*
lieve. They own the boats in which they trans*
poit freight through the canals, and they use the
cars on several railroads in which they curry the
freight upon the railroads; and they aie taxed, ip
a succeeding part of the bill. " They will be foun.d
to be taxed in the one hundied and third section
on pages 15G and 157. If it be proper to amend
the billas proposed by the honorablemembrrfiom
New Yotk, the express companies ought to be
excepted in some way or other from that amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I da not think this amend-
ment covers express companies.
