THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. JOHNSON. They nil come in in the same
way. The honorable member from Massachu-
setts does not distinguish, as I think, with the
accuracy and perspicuity that generally charac-
terizes him, the facts of the case in their applica-
tion to' the law. They are in under the act of
1861, or they are not. If they are in under the
aet of 1861, arid it is clear they are in, then they
outfit all to be paig. If they are in under the act
of 1861, and they cannot be paid under that act,
beteause the Secretary of War is not sufficiently
astute to see that that act covers their case, pass
a resolution telling him that the act does cover
the case and that he must pay them. But that
would take eight or nine hundred thousand dol-
lars out of the Treasury and would provide for
a!l>,a d that' would be presenting a case which,
according to the reply just made by the honorable
member from Massachusetts, is rather startling
in the present condition of the finances.
If they come in under the act of 1861 why
should they not be paid as the white men are be-
ing paid and give them bounties and all, and in-
stead of being eight or nine hundred thousand
dollars, you will establish a precedent by which
you will be equally bound to give them millions
and millions; and all for what? They are in the
service now; good soldiers. They are not to be-
come better because you pay them for what they
have done in the past. You propose to pay them
in the future the same as white troops. 1 am for
that, and I would have paid them in the beginning
the same as white soldiers if I had supposed we
could not get them for a smaller sum. I would
not have paid the white man as much as he is get-
ting now provided you could raise the soldiers for
a smaller bounty and smaller pay. The mere pay
is nothing. In the contingency that the poor fel-
lows lose their lives fighting the battles of the
country, or are worn down and die by disease con-
tracted in that service, the pay is literally nothing.
Yon offer 'them pay to induce them to come in,
and you give them only what will induce them to
come in, and you provide for their families aftei-
wards by a pension.
But you have not done that in relation to the
negroes. The Treasury could not bear it. It was
not necessary, and the exigencies of the country
did not demand it. There is a point beyond which
we cannot go. The Secretary of the Treasury
clcaily intimates so. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance and every member of that com-
mittee tells us so, and every man of them cau-
tions you you had better be careful and husband
your resources to meet the necessary demands of
the great exigency in which the country is placed.
It is no trifling matter, as it seems to me, to pay
out of the Treasury upon the ground of any sup-
posed morality, or upon the ground of any sen-
timent, ifthatis the ground on which the applica-
tion is made, some eight or nine hundred thousand
dollars. If the Governor of Massachusetts has
made a promise which the law did not authorize;
if he lias created as between the Massachusetts
soldiers and the Governor of Massachusetts an
obligation which ought to he ledeemed, let Massa-
chusetts redeem it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They havedone it. They
have passed a law to redeem it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then why pay it twice?
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I understand the state-
ment, these regiments refuse to receive it from
Massachusetts. Was not that the statement'
Mi. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Your money is about as good
as ours, I should think, if not a little better, if
you pay in your bunk notes.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The Legislature of Massachu-
setts assembled a few days after the call for three
hundred thousand mon last autumn, and passed
an act authorizing the payment to these colored
regiments that were m the field of the difference
between the pay of the Federal Government and
that which was promised them. 1 think it was
the difference. At any rate they authorized a pay-
ment to those troops. The fifty-fourth regiment
left Massachusetts the latter part of May last
and they have not been paid at all. They have
never received a dollar as yet. The other ve°i-
ment followed a short time afterwards. ThcTse
two regiments declined to receive the extra pay
■from the State on the ground that when they were
enlisted they understood they were to receive the
same compensation that was paid to other troops:
that they enlisted under that expectation; and
that they held the Government to the pledges
made, or else they sl*ould be discharged from the
service, as was their right. They have declined
to receive their pay.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are gentlemen of most
extraordinary sensibility. That is all I have to
say. We are told they want the money, and
Massachusetts tells them, "Our Governor has
told you you arc to get the money; the Govern-
ment of the United States, says he, had no au-
thority to tell you any such thing; but Massachu-
setts is willing to pay you;" and my friend from
Massachutts tolls us that these colored gentlemen
in their excessive sensibility and their determin-
ation to stand upon their rights refused to receive
the money from Massachusetts.
Mr. COLL AMER. I understand they refused
to receive the three dollars a month that was voted
by Massachusetts m addition to their pay. I be-
lieve they have not received the pay of ten dollars
a month either
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have been offered
the ten dollars a month, but they will not receive
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. They will not receive the
three dollars from the State or the ton dollars from
the United States?
Mr. JOHNSON. Without saying anything
particularly unkind of that description of soldiers,
I will say, if they are made up of that material
they will not be as good soldiers as wo hope the
others will be, because they have not common
sense.
Mr. WILSON. They have made their record
on that point.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean in the future.
Mr. GRIMES. It was under the persuasion
of their officers that they refused to receive their
pay.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know men of that class
better than either of the honorable Senators from
Massachusetts. 1 have been brought up among
them. They are docile, very easily persuaded;
they believe almost anything, and I can imagine
—I imagine it only for the sake of argument—
that the colonel or the captains and other officers
of these Massachusetts regiments said to them,
" Boys, the Government of the United States is
bound to pay you; don't let poor Massachusetts
be paying you out ofher treasury ;"and they per-
suaded them to suffer for the want of the money
rather than take it from Massachusetts, who is
willing to pay them this amount of money. I
have nothing more to say.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sjimnkr] seems to suppose, at any
late he expresses that opinion, that a great deal
of injustice is going to he done if the suggestion
made by his colleague from Massachusetts shall
be adopted. I am willing for myself, as I hap-
pened to suggest that amendment or something
tantamount to it to the chairman of the Military
Committee, to compare my record with that of
his colleague on the subject of paying these troops.
Fiom the very outset my colleague from Iowaand
myself have been in favor of arming negroes. Wa
believed from the beginning of this win that it was
not only the right of the Government to do it, but
it was the duty of the Government to do it. Wo
have insisted from the beginning that they should
be paid and put upon a perfect equality with white
men; and nobody knows that better than the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Allans.
Mr. WILSON. I know it.
Mr. GRIMES. _ Whether his colleague, who
now accuses me of trying to perpetrate an injus-
tice to these colored men, entertained thixt opinion
or not, the country and ihe'Senate do not know.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to say that it arises,
(hen, simply from myobscurity, because the Sen-
ator has not read what I said.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator is not on
recoid on that subject. He did not give expies-
sion to his sentiments in regard to it when the
subject was under consideration. 1 did.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Senator?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. It is very well known thatin
a public speech long before that I urged this very
policy, and I made use of this remark. 1 venture
to quote it now.siraply in reply to the Senator, I
said this: "It is sometimes said that this war
ought to be carried into Africa. There is some-
thing better: carry Africa into the war." I said
that in a public speech in the month of Septem-
ber, I think it was, 1861.
Mr. GRIMES. The difference, however, be-
tween the Senator and myself was that I was
willing to carry the war into Africa with a bounty
and pay of thirteen dollars a month.
Mr. SUMNER. So was I alWays.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator, I think, does pot
stand on the record as being in favor of carrying
it there, except at the rate of ten dollarsa month.
I onlyallude to that in answer to the charge which
the Senator has hurled at me of attempting to per-
petrate an injustice because 1 want these colored
people to be paid under a special bill applicable
to their particular case, if they are to be paid at all.
I know perfectly well thatif this amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts should be adopted
it will take millions of dollars out of our Treas-
ury. We have heard a great many statements
made here in regard to the number of colored
troops now in public employment. Sometimes
it has been stated at thirty thousand, and some-
times at fifty thousand: I undertake to say there
are to-day not farfrom seventy thousand. I have
seen this morning and last night a gentleman from
Tennessee, one of the most gallant officers in the
public service, who tells me there are exceeding
thirty of these regiments in the State of Tennes-
see alone. Now 1 should like to know what an-
swer there is to the argument that has been made
by the member from Maryland. If we are going
to pay the men who enlisted into the public ser-
vice from Rhode Island and Massachusetts or
from South Carolina, why shall we not pay these
men in Tennessee? Does the Senator suppose
that if his amendment is adopted there will not
spring up all around through Tennessee men who
have been in our Army, and who have been re-
cruiting these men, who will insist and many of
them will be ready to swear that they did repre-
sent to these men that they were hereafter to be
paid as white men were, at the rate of thirteen
dollars a month? If there are any such state-
ments made as that, if these recruiting agents will
come forward and so state, or if other parties
besides the recruiting agent will make affidavit to
that effect, then the Treasury is to be depleted
just to the extent that they may swear to that
fact.
Suppose the bill passes with the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts.
You [lay one regiment in the department of South
Carolina thirteen dollars a month. You pay an-
other regiment that is brigaded with it only ten
dollars a month. What kind of justice will those
men who leceive only ten dollars a month think
is meted out to them? Do you suppose that is
not going to demoralize your Aimyr Do you
not suppose thnt that is going to create even more
difficulty than exists in it at present? I appre-
hend that you could not pass an act tlmt would
be so well calculated to create trouble and diffi-
culty and demoralization in the Army as this very
proposition which the Senator from Massachu-
setts seeks to have adopted.
Mr. President, I sympathize a great deal with
those gallant and patriotic noble young men who
have gone out in command of the Massachusetts
fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth regiments, and who are
in command of the first and second South Caro-
lina regiments. I know a great many of them.
I know them to be gallant and patriotic young
men. But 1 cannot help thinking that they have
involved us unnecessarily in trouble in connec-
tion with tins subject; for I know peifectly well
that it was through their persuasions these colored
troops in South Carolina declined to receive the
money that Massachusetts voted to pay them.
They seem to think that if we do not make this
bill retrospective we thereby cast some reproach
on them and their commands, while they ought
to remember that the real question is, not what
the country or Congress thought of colored troops
twelve mouths ago or twelve years ago or twelve
days ago, but what does Congress think of them
now. Are we willing at this moment to put them
upon an equality as soldiers with white men?
That is making great progress; that is an ad-
vance in the right direction; and with that, it
seems to me, they ought to be satisfied.
