1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powdl.
Senate.
every political doctrine he ever promulgated. Jf
there is any one tiling to-day which has for years
threatened ihe perpetuity of our form of govern-
ment it is the amount of Federal patronage vested
m that officer. The head of any constitutionally
governed country upon earth to-day lias not a
tithe of the patronage which is this day vested in
the Executive of the United States. By this bill
you propose in effect to vest in him the appoint-
ment of i know not how many officers, thus swell-
ing to that extent the already bloated patronage
of that officer. The necessities of the system
alone will limit the number. I need not enlarge
upon the matter; it has beenalluded to a hundred
times in both branches of Congress, and its evils
woujd not be more patent were I to discuss it dur-
ing the enure time allotted to me. It will also
build up a system of vassalage vast and fearful.
It confines the vision of these people to one single
object, and that the Government of the United
States. Beyond that, short of that, there is 110
power, there is nothing to them. These people
who occupy this terntory in this way will become
the vassals of the Government. If we put down
this rebellion and occupy this tei ritory, they will
occupy these lands as " fiefs of the sword," in the
same manner and upon much the same terms that
vassals did in Europe eight hundred years ago,
when conquered territory was divided among the
victors.
I come now to speak of the amount of expense
which will be entailed on the Government by this
bill. The gentleman from Massachusetts thinks
it is not going to cost the Government anything,
but rather that they will derive a revenue from it.
I say we ought not to derive any revenue from
it. These negroes, free men as you propose to
make them, will be entitled to the utmost farthing
their toils can produce them. But, sir, 1 think
the gentleman himself mustsec that his proposed
system wiilmevitably resultin the expenditure of
vast sums by the Government in carrying it into
effect •, that i«,ifhc attaches any weightto the sug-
gestions of the authorities he has read himself 111
support of his measure.
Says the committee, from whose letter to the
President he quotes, "the Government must
know even better than the people what the vast-
ness of the question is, and it is not proper for us
to ask if, Mr. President, the Government is doing
or preparing to do what is necessary to meet it:
to 1 educe the evils connected with emancipation to
their lowest point and elevate its blessings to the
highest; to establish a system carefully consid-
ered and adapted, and executed with energy and
zeal, for the thorough and general dealing with the
frccdmcn. It is plain to us, with our experience,
that the question is too large for anything short of
Governmentauthority, Government resources, and
Government ubiquity to deal with." They then
recognize the fact and admit that the subject is so
vast that no power short of Government power,
no resources except of the Government, are suffi-
cient to grapple with the details of this question,
to manage it in its inception, and defray its ex-
penses when started.
I would like to see that gentleman come down
to the practical question of figures, and show this
House a fair estimate of the expenses of the offi-
cers which will be required under this bill. I will
submit my estimate. Perhaps my figures may
not be correct, but they will afford some indica-
tion of what may be required under this bill. If
this people number four million, will one resi-
dent superintendent and one clerk be too many
for four hundred of them? Can one man super-
intend and direct the labors and energies and toil
of moie than four hundred persons? I submit
that in the State of Illinois it would be considered
a large undertaking for one man to direct the la-
bors of four hundred upon our farms in the ordi-
nary occupations of agricultural life. If we allow
one for every four hundred, the number of super-
intendents will be ten thousand; if tliey each be
allowed a clerk, that calls fgr just as many more
employes. If you pay'them at the rate of fifty
dollars a month for superintendents, or $600 a
year, if will amount to $6,000,000. Their clerks,
at the moderate rate of twenty-five dollars per
month, or $300 per year, will require §3,000,000,
or, m ail, a sum of $9,000,000 for salaries alone.
This does not take into account at all the num-
berless other sources of expenditure, such as
stock, implements of all kinds, necessarily to be
procured before their labor upon the soil can be
even commenced.
It strikes me, Mr. Chairman, that the figures
which I present are not extraordinary or unrea-
sonable, when you consider the number of persons
upon whom this bill is to operate. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] asks, what
are we to do with these people? and thegentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] I believe, indulged
in the same inquiry. My answer is,Go ahead,
subdue the rebellion, and reinstate the authority
of the Government over every portion of our soil.
These people are there. Emancipate them, if you
see fit to do it, and if you have the power to do
it. 1 am making no objection to that now. Go
ahead, and carry out your designs. The land is
there, and the people are there. Let them wotk.
I have never yet read in history of a nation where
there was a demand for labor and a supply on
hand that an accommodation was not instantly
effected. If a demand for labor exists, leave the
matter to the operation of the laws of trade; leave
it to the great rule which obtains-in every civil-
ized country on earth, the rule that prescribes that
every man having an article to dispose of, and a
demand existing for that article, will find oppor-
tunities enough to dispose of it to his own satis-
faction and advantage. Tins people are not to
be destroyed; this land is not to be annihilated;
both will exist, I piesume, in some shape when
this war shall have ceased When that happy
time shall come—which God grant may not be far
distant—[ see 110 n ason to doubt but employment
will be open to these people where they have al-
ways lived, and that under some regulations, mu-
tually advantageous, the now desolate earth will
again yield her incicasc, and the prosperity of
the future conceal the ravages of the present.
1 have only one other remark or thought to
suggest, for my time has nearly expired. I de-
sire to say that 1 dissent from this measure on the
theoiotieal points which have been advanced in
its support. Here are four million people within
the hunts of our tenitory. They are ofa different
race and nationality, possessing different tastes
and feelings. If they are to be made free and ele-
vated to the condition of fieemen, I have then only
th its to say, that if in the strife and toils of life they
possess witlnn themselves the eapacitics claimed
for them by gentlemen upon this floor, if ihey pos-
sess the ability to show that they are men in every
sense of the word, it will be within their power to
obtain for themselves a name and place upon the
earth. If, on the contrary, they do not possess
the inheient capacity to sustain themselvesm this
battle of life with no other support than the laws
afford to all; if they cannot, without special pro-
vision be made for them, resist the encroachments
or aggressions, if it please you so to term it, of
the white men by whom they will be sunounded,
then, sir, history teaches us their fate. Your legis-
lation will not, cannot protect them from what
has invariably been the fate of a weak race when
brought in contact with a strong and vigorous
one. They must cither submit to the position to
which their infeiiority will consign them, to be-
come the " hewers of wood and drawers of water,"
and, choosing to dwell m the land because it is
pleasant, they must bow their shoulders to bear
and become a servant unto tribute; or else they
must pass away befote the resistless and onward
maich of the dominant race. The history of that
race, our race, Mr. Speaker, teaches us that its
course cannot be stayed, the natural obstacles of
the physical earth vanish at its approach, and
from before it inferior races pass away.
The numerous tubes that once roamed m their
wild and savage freedom over these broad lands
are obeying tlie decrees of this inexorable law,
and the time is not far distant when, their hunting-
grounds occupied by their luudier competitor, |
their council-ihcs extinguished, all that will be left !
to attest they cverlmd an existence will bo the rec- |
ord of their vices and their virtues, which coming !
ages may look upon moie as the creation of the ■
idealist than the accurate history of a race. \
With us is fulfilled in part the ancientpromise: in !
oui* development have the boundaries of Japheth
been enlarged, and in this land to-day does he
dwell in the tents of Shem.
Military Interference witli Elections*
SPEECH OF HON. L. W. POWELL/
OF KENTUCKY,
In this Senate of the United States,
Match 3 and 4, 1864.
■ The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 37) to prevent officers of the
.Array and Navy,and other persons engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States, from interfering ia
elections in the States.
The bill was read by the Secretary. The first
section provides that it shall not be lawful for any
military or naval officer of the United States, or
other person engaged in the civil, military, or na-
val service of the United States, to order, bring,
keep, or have under his authority or control, any
troops or armed men within one mile of theplaco
where any general or special election is held rn
any State of the United States of America, and
that it shall not be lawful for any officer of the
Army or Navy of the United States to prescribe
or fix, or attempt to prescribe or fix, by procla-
mation, order, or otherwise, the qualifications of
voters in any State or in any manner to interfere
with the freedom of-any election, or with thecx-
ereisc of the free right of suffrage in any State,
Any officer of the Army or Navy, or other per-
son engaged in the civil, military, or naval service
of the United States who violates this section is
for every such offense to be liable to indictment
as for a misdemeanor, in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction to hear, try, and determ-
ine cases of misdemeanor, and otj conviction to
pay a fine of not less than (*,200, and not exceed-
ing §20,000, and suffer imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary not less than two nor more than twenty
years, at the discretion of the court; and any pcison
so convicted is moreover tu be disqualified from
holding any office of honor,profit,or tiust, under
the Government of the United Suites. The bill is
not, however, to be so construed as to prevent any
officer, soldier,sailor, or marine, from exercising
the right of suffrage in any election district to
which he may belong, if otherwise qualified ac-
cording to the laws of the State 111 which lie shall
offer to vote.
By the second section any officer or peison in
the military or naval service of the United States,
who shall order or advise, or who shall directly
or indirectly, by force, threat, menace, intimida-
tion or otherwise, prevent or attempt to prevent
any qualified voter of any State from freely exer-
cising the right of suffrage at any general or spe-
cial election, or who shall in like manner compel,
or attempt to compel, any officer of an election in
any State to receive a vote from a person not
legally qualified to vote, or who shall impose or
attempt to impose any rules or regulations for
conducting such election different from those pre-
senbed by law, or interfere in any manner with
any officer of the election in the discharge of his
duties, is for any such offense to be liable to in-
dictment as for a misdemeanor, in any court of
the United States having jurisdiction to hear, try,
and determine cases of misdemeanor, and on con-
viction to payafineof not exceeding $20,000, and
suffer imprisonment in the pemtemiaiy, not ex-
ceeding five years, at the discreiioirof the court,
and any peison so convicted is moreover to be
disqualified from holding any office of honor,
profit, or trust under the Government of the United
States.
Mr. POWELL said:
Mr. President: The object of ihe hill is to
prevent office)sof the Army and Navy,and other
persons engaged in the military and naval service
ofthe United States, from interfering wi'h elec-
tions in the States. The bill provides .that the
persons named, if they interfere with elections in
the States, shall be punished, upon trial and con-
viction in the courts, by fine and imprisonment,
and shall be forever after disqualified from hold-
ing any office of honor, trust, or profit under the
Government of the United States. The import-
ance of the bill at the present crisis in our affairs
cannot be overestimated. In times of profound
peace and quiet, when no abuses of the character
proposed to be remedied by this bill existed, it
would be evidently wise and proper to cu&tt such
a law. Wise lawgivers so shape their legislation
