1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial of
the Indianapolis and Madison Railroad Company,
remonstrating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized In-
dia rubber; which whs referred to the Committee
oti Patents and the Patent Office,
He also presented the memorial of W. E. Mor-
gan, second lieutenant first District of Columbia
volunteers, praying that he may be allowed pay
from the 31st of May, 1863, to the ,11th of Sep-
tember, 3863, during which time he alleges he
was hold waiting the settlement of his accounts
os acting assistant quartermaster; which was re-
feried to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of men and
women of Rochester, New York, praying that
Congress " wiil pass, at the earliest practicable
day, an act emancipating all persons of African
descent held to involuntary service or labor in the
United States;" which was referred to the selcct
committee on slavery and heedmen.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg leave to present a peti-
tion from women of Maine, asking that Congress
will initiate all needful measures to insure the early
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States whereby slavery shall be absolutely abol-
ished. As that subject has already been acted
upon by the Senate, I move that the petition lie
upon the table.
' The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway Company, re-
monstrating against the extension of the patent
of Charles Goodyear for the manufacture of vul-
canized India rubber; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also piesented a petition of citizens of Wis-
consin, praying that a duty of not less than ten
cents per pound may be imposed upon all wool
of foreign production imported into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of offi-
cers of the Puividence and Woicester Railroad
Company, remonstrating against the extension
of ihe Goodyear patent for the manufacture of
vulcanized India rubber; which was refened to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Ollice.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of the
Great Western Railroad Company of Illinois, re-
monstrating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized In-
dia rubbet; which was refened to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WILSON pre,sen ted a memorial of the Bos-
ton Boaid of Trade, praying for the construction
of a ship canal around the falls of Niagara; which
was lefemd to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
Cincinnati, Hamilton, and Dayton Railroad Com-
pany, remonstrating against the extension of the
Goodyear patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India rubber; which was tefened to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
I£e also presented a petition of citizens of Ohio,
praying for such an amendment of the Constitu-
tion as will forever prohibit slavery in the United
States; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
XJtica and Black III ver Railroad Company, and a
memorial of the Rome, Watertown, and Ogdcns-
burg Raiiioad Company, remonstrating against
the extension of the Goodyear patentfur the man-
ufactureof vulcanized India rubber; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented additional papers
in relation to the petition of Jonathan Bail for an
extension of his patent for lining wrought-iion
pipe with hydraulic cement; which were teferred
to the Committee on PatenUand the PatentOffice,
Air. POWELL presented a memorial of the
Kentucky Central Railtoad Company, icmou-
stratmg against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was u-ferred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
It 3D POUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to w hom was rcfei red a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior communicating pa-
pers in relation to providing the means of subsist-
ence for the Navajo Indians of New Mexico upon
a reservation at the Bosque Redondo on the Pecos
river, reported in favor of printing the same.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of William L. Church, of Iowa, praying to be
indemnified for property destroyed by the Sioux
Indians at Spirit Lake, in March, 1857, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, transmuting the accounts
of the southern superintendency, have instructed
me to report the same back, and to ask to be dis-
charged fromtheirfuither consideration,and that
they go upon the files in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate. There is a large number of
papers, and we thought under the circumstances
that it was probably notbest to be at theexpense
of printing them.
The repoit was agreed to.
Mr. FE88ENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No.
198) making appropiiationsfor thesupportof the
Army for the year ending the 30th June, 1865,
reported it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
238) to ascertain and settle certain private land
claims m the State of California; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WILKINSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
239) to giant aid for ihe conduction of certain
i uilroads in Minnesota; which was read twice by
Us title, and refened to the Committee on Public
Lands.
0MOTlflKTOWN WATER TAX.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
pioceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
129.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 129) to amend an act entitled "Ail
act to authorize the corporation of Geoigetown,
in the Distiict of Columbia, to lay and collect a
water tax, and for other purposes," approved
May 21, 1862. It provides that in all cases in
winch an onjnnal town lotm Georgetown, m the
Disti ict of Columbia, entirely owned by the same
person or persons, or any subdivision of an oii-
gmal lot sepaiately owned, shall be situated at the
intersection of two stieets, so as to bind or front
on bo: h, and in which both fronts would be hrble
to the front-foot tax authorized by the act to au-
thorize the coiporauon of Georgetown, in the
District of Columbia, to lay and collect a water
tax, and for other purposes, approved May 21,
1862, the front-foot tax shall not be levied upon
more than seventy-five feet of the two fronts of
the lotorpaitof lot; and all beyond that num-
ber of feet shall be exempt therefrom; but for the
purpose of avoiding inequality and limdship in
hying the tax, H is to be lawful for the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in such casts, to make such
further exemptions fiom the front-foot tax, either
by general laws or in individual cases, as to them
may seem just and proper. The second section
proposes to repeal the third section of the act of j
I May 23, 1862. i
I Mr. GRIMES. I desire to offer the following j
| amendment as an additional section, to come in j
j as section two between the two sections of the bill:
2. Jlv<1 be xt futtkci enacted, That it shall be lawful i
■ for^ud coiporntion of Geoiiietown in their discretion, m- i
I stead of' the limit-foot tax afoie^aid, to lav and collect an i
' iiu.Uiy a tf'-ni'ial -jM-i.x«d tax not, to t xo?c<i one fifth of one
! percent, per annum on all the a^esf-able pioperty ni Mid
1 town, toi the puipo*e of (h'lrajnig the C(M ol du-tiibutmg
i watci through the ->.ud town norn th<j mam oi pipe?. oi th
j \Va,-hhi£ t<>n aqueduct, which tax t-ha.il lie t x< iurivdy ap :
! piopriated to the s.ud object --hall be collected in tia >ame
| mamiei a-? ilio gcnotal tax of f lid towu_ and shall cca^.e
j whenever tl;<'e^t c;f s-aui ui-tuhutum shall have been fully
I paid : ProviccJ. That ali ppi -oii-j liable repay .-aid tax-hall
| he eiedited on account oi the f-aijie with all Mini* Iieicto-
; loie paid hy them on ueeounto! s-.ud water trout tax lewed
j in puK-'iianle of the act to which Uu< j* an amendment.
| The amendment was agreed to,
! The bill was repotted to the Senate as amended,
; and the amendment was concurred i,i. The bill
jj was oidered to be engrossed for a third reading,
ii was read the third time, and passed.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the bill
(S. No. 233) making an additional grant of lands
to the State ot Kansas io aid in the construction
of railroad and telegraph lines, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to grant to the State of Kansas, to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Emporia, viaCouncil Grove, toa
point near Fort Riley, on the branch Union Pa-
cific railroad, in that State, every alternate sec-
tion of land designated by odd numbers for ten
sections in width on each side of the road, sub-
ject to all the provisions, restrictions, limitations,
and conditions, in regard to selection and loca-
tion of lands and otherwise, of the act of March
3, 186*3, entitled "An act for a grant of lands to
the State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads and tele-
graphs in said State." It also provides that the
branch railroad and telegiaph from "Lawrence,
by the valley of the Wakarusu river, to a point
on the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe raihoad,
where said road intersects the Neosho river," to
aid in the construction of which a grant of lands
was made by the act of March 3, 1863, shall be
so < handed as to run from Lawrence to Emporia,
and have and ivceivc the grant of lands made by
that act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is with the
papvrs a proposed amendment submitted by the
Senator from Kansas. Does the Senator intend
to offer it?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the first part
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is to add at the end of section two certain words,
which will be read.
The Secretary read the words to be inserted,ixa
follows:
Provided, That the line of lailroad and topograph from
Leavenworth, by way of Lanrence and the, Ohio City
crowing of the O.-age rivei.to the southern hue of the
Stat« "i the direction of Galveston bay, shall run via
Ihildvvln City: *dnd piovuled, That the Neo-lio Valley jaii-
loud and telegiaph shall run via L< roy, Buthnuton, and
Ottiuawa: ~1nd pro tided f'ui the r, That the Atehi-oti and
Topeka raihoad and telegraph =ha!l t« muriate at Council
(iiove, and the Santa Fe raihoad and telegraph to com-
mence at a point on the Neo>ho Valley railroad, between
Emporia and Council Giove, or from either ofthoao points,
to be detei mined hy actual sui vcy.
Mr. POMEROY. I tuist my colleague will
modify his amendment so far as to strikeout the
last proviso. I think, on reflection, he will not
agree to press that portion of the amendment, as
it breaks a through line into-two or three pieces,
and will delay the construction of the road.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let the vote be taken
on the first portion of the amendment.
Air. HENDRICKS. Jtseems to me that such
metenal alterations of a bill reported by tiie Com-
mittee on Public Lands ought to be sent to that
committee for consideration. I would not make
this suggestion except for the fact that the chair-
man of the committee js not in his scat. *
Mr. LANE, ot Kansas. So far as the first
portion of the amendment is concerned, I spoke
to the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
in regard to it, and lie consented tu it. Itstinply
makea points on the line of the road, not length-
ening it or shortening' it in anywise. Baldwin
City is on the Galveston Bay road, and Leroy,
Burlington, and Ottnmwa ate on the Neosho Val-
ley road in the valley, and the road passes through
them necessarily. We have had a little experi-
ence m our State on this subject, I will say to the
Senator from Indiana. Railtoad companies have
undertaken to insist upon counties paying one
or two oi three huudrtd thousand dollars in bonds
to have the i oad go hi ousrh counties where it was
expected to go by the bill.
This is merely to guard those places against
such assaults, f repeat that I had the consent of
the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to the first portion of the
amendment which I have stated, and I propose
now metelv to take the question on that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall not interpose a
motion myselfif the Senator from Kansas is will-
ing to usk a vote on his bill without any report
| ft oto a committee upon it, These are very radical
I changes lotlie bili controlling the route proposed.
1 Mr. POMEROY. The Senate, I behevo, have
; no objections to the amendments to the ongmal
