1864'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
As I said before, sir, the only way that I can
see that we can get out of the labyrinths of diffi-
culty in which this question is involved is to de-
clare, as hay been proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, that from a given day, say the
1st of January or the 1st of February, all per-
sons of African descent in the military servieeof
tjhe United States shall be paid thirteen dollars a
month; and then, if there are any particular regi-
ments or any particular members of regiments
who would be entitled to a greater pay lor their
past services than ten dollars a month, no man
in this Senate or in the country would be more
willing to render the most ample and complete
justice to them than I would be; but Icannotcon-
ceive that 1 am doing any injustice to these men
by voting for the proposition of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr, WILSON. Mr. President, I am so anx-
ious to have a vote on this joint resolution that
I shall not detain the Senate but a moment in
making any remarks upon it. My own judgment
is that Jt would have been a wise thing in the
Congress of the United States when it assembled
to have promptly passed this joint resolution,or
a bill like it, and made it retrospective, and paid
all the colored troops that have been raised the
same compensation. Senators see a difficulty in
that, and my colleague offers a proposition which
will cover perhaps somewhere from twelve to
twenty regiments that were enlisted by orders
from the War Department, which the Governor
of Massachusetts supposed authorized him to
promise this pay, or by orders of General Saxton,
or General Ullman, or other officeis. There is
difference of opinion in regard to this subject. It
is said that the amendment pioposed by my col-
league cannot be worked out. I shall vote for it
as the best proposition that we can get; but if it
fails, as I have no doubt it will fail, fiom the ex-
pressions made in the Senate, I shall move the
amendment I have indicated, fixing a day when
the payment of this increased pay shall com-
mence.
I certainly feel that there ought to be no radical
difference of opinion between my colleague and
the Senator from Iowa. They have both from
the beginning comprehended this rebellion, un-
derstood its cause, and advocated the proper rem-
edies. If their opinions had been the opinions
of the Senate and the House of Representatives,
of the President and his Cabinet, and had been
sustained by the country, I bulieve this rebellion
would have been crushed long ago, and the cause
of all this trouble and misery giound to atoms.
I hope, sir, that we shall be able to get a vote
on this amendment, unless my colleague thinks
proper to withdraw it. I leave the matter in his
hands without advice.
Mr. COWAN. I do notsee very well how this
question can arise here in the Senate on this bill.
These men are serving the United States under a
contract, I suppose. That contract was made by
the War Department, and, whatever it is, of course
that Department is bound to carry it out. It is
alleged by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts that they were offered by the Governor of
Massachusetts and accepted under the actoflSGl.
If that be true, then of course they should be
paid as all other soldiers who were offered and
accepted under that act were paid. Of that I think
there cannot he a doubt, because by that act there
was no distinction made as to color between black
and white volunteers. The black was considered
a citizen; or at least all over the Union he was
three-fifths of a citizen. As such he owed alle-
fiance to the Government, and as such he was
ound to render military service to it. if, there-
fore, any State organized them into regiments and
offered them to the General Government, and they
were accepted, they were accepted under the gen-
eral terms of the act, and they would be paid as
other soldiers aie paid under that act.
But I understand the General Government have
decided otherwise. They say that these men
were not offered by the Governor of Massachu-
setts under the act of 1861; that they were not
accepted by the Government under that act; but
they were employed by the Government under
the act of July 17, 1862; and that act fixes their
wages at ten dollars a month. If that be true,
then the Government is bound to pay them ten
dollars, and no move; and it makes no kind of dif-
ference as to what was said to them at the time
of that enlistment by Governor Andrew or by
anybody else. If they relied upon outside prom-
ises and outside assurances *f that kind that they
would get thirteen dollars a month, and the law
only allowed them ten dollars, that was their own
folly and the wickedness of the men who offered
it in fiaud of their ignoicince and simplicity.
Still, sir, there are cases where I would be will-
ing to give equity to men who had been imposed
upon by officers of the General Government un-
der circumstances of that kind; but this is not that
case. It is very well known to every Senator
here that there are men who have been serving in
our armies now for two years and a half, sun-
browned veterans of almost a hundred battles.
Those men went into the service \yithout such
bounties as are now offeied to the eleventh-hour
men who are coming m. If we arc to relax the
taw, if we arc to open up the contracts made by
the Government with these colored men and go
back and readjust our accounts with them upon
the principles of exact equity, then, sir, I am for
going back first to the white man and doing him
equal and exact justice. If anybody is to be rec-
tified and placed upon an equal and exact footing
with the rest, it is the man who was our first and
our eai host volunteer, the man who has borne the
heat and burden of the day; und J will not agree
to override the law and override the decisions of
the Executive Departments in order to do justice
to these negro troops until, in the first place, equal
and exact justice has been done to the white men
who have been serving us longer and still more
faithfully and at still greater sacrifices than the
negro troops have done.
I do not wish to detract from the services of
anybody or of any class of our soldiery; but I
think the only safe way that remains for us now
is to stand strictly upon the letter of our con-
tracts with these men; and then, when the hour
of success comes, when the war is over, when
the country is restored to its wonted prosperity,
we shall be able to go back and do justice to all in
proportion to the services they have rendered;
but that we should do it now, in the condition of
the country and in the condition of the Treasury,
I think is exceedingly dangerous; and I, forone,
am opposed to u.
I have only to say further, that if the chairman
of the Committee on Military AfTaiis will fix the
1st of tins month as the time when this increase
of pay shall commence, I will vote for his amend-
ment. I have no objection to go back for a few
days; but 1 do not want to go back for a month
or more in order to rectify what may be supposed
to be a difficulty in this case, for fear it will open
the door to a clamor to go back and lectify as to
half a million of other men. If he will,fix it on
the 1st day of Febiuaiy I will vote for his prop-
osition. I am peifeUly willing that from hence-
forth every man who eariiesa musket in the ser-
vice of the country, no matter who he may be, if
the country accepts his services, shall be paid
equally with any other soldier who carries a mus-
ket. 1 have always looked upon this question as
one for the Executive to determine. The negro
is either to be a soldier or he is not to be a sol-
dier. That the Commander-in-Chief of our armies
must decide. • If lie can control and discipline him
and subject him to the rules and regulations of
civilized war, he is just as much a soldieras any-
body else: certainly he is as much a citizen ns
anybody else in this country; and if so, he should
be paid the same as the others. But that is not
the question that is before us here. We are asked
to go I ack and to ^rant him rather equity than
law. To that I am oppoaod at this time.
Mr. COLLAMKR. 1 have listened with much
interest to the remarks of gentlemen on various
sides of this question. I shall enthely confine my
remarks, which will he very short, to this piopo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts. I un-
derstand him to say that he has the form of the
enlistment which was used by these colored regi-
ments laised m Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. [ have it on my desk.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have looked at it. A*
enlistment in writing is always signed by the sol-
diers. The written enlistment w hich the Senator
fiom Massachusetts has shows that these men
weie enlisted under the act of 1861 expiessly; and
I believe it is conceded on all hands that if they 1
were enlisted undei the act of 1861 they are enti- i
tied to the pay of thirteen dollars a month. That
is not disputed. I have not looked into that sub-
ject, but I take it for granted that a soldier enlisted
under the aetof 1861 is entitled to thirteen dollars
a month pay. They were enlisted under that act.
Now when they were enlisted, though they were
colored men, if they could not, in the view of the
Department, be enlisted under that act and be en-
titled to that pay, they had no right to muster
them in, and they should have discarded the en-
rollment at once. They should have said to the
officer, "You have enlisted them under an act
and for pay which the Government are not now
authorized to give to people of that color. Their
enlistment is altogether void, and good for noth-
ing.'' If the Government took them under that
written enlistment which entitled them to this pay,
and mustered them into thcservice, they aiebound
to pay them according to that enlistment. There
is no doubt about the law in regard to that point.
It would be the most extraordinary law on earth
if the Government could say to a man, " We will
hold you by your enlistment. We will not be
bound ourselves to reciprocate to that enlistment,
and yet we will hold you."
If this be so, that law is perfectly clear, and the
mustering in by an officer under the enlistment
binds the Government to the terms of that enlist-
ment. Even if they never authorized it in the
world, as it is made and they agreed to it and the
raising of the men under it, they must be .bound
by the terms of it. Otherwise they should say to
the men, " You were irregularly enlisted; we can-
not muster you into the service;" and let them go.
It seems to me, however, that the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts does not reach the case at all. H puts
the question of paying these men back to the time
of their enlistment upon whether they were led to
believe or did believe that they were to receive
thirteen dollarsa month. I do not think it makes
any difference what they were led to believe or
did believe. It is not to be put upon any contin-
gency of that kind. There is the written enlist-
ment, and it speaks for itself. If that enlist-
ment bo, as I understand it to be, under that act,
and binds the Governmentof course to pay under
that act, then if they will not give them this pay,
having received the men and mustered them in
and used them under that enlistment, we ought
to pass a declaratory act, declaring the Govern-
ment bound to pay them, and directing them to
pay them in all cases according to the terms of the
enlistment which was written and received. It
should be an act by itself directing them to pay
according to the terms of the contract made at the
time. I would not put it upon any contingency
as to whether the men were led or not le# so to
believe. - That does not alter anything at all. That
is the loosest of all possible modes of legislation.
It so strongly reminds me of an anecdote of the
last war, that will be an illustration of it, that I
cannot but tell it.
We had a lieutenant by the name of Bezeau,
who was afamous recruiting officer. I say "we"
because I was then in the service. He was sent
down to Middleburs:, in Vermont, to recruit in
the winter of 1812-13. In the spring the recruits
were brought in. There were about seventy or
eighty of them. When we came to muster them
in according to their enlistment it was found on
examining the men that he enlisted one as a ma-
jor, two as chaplains, about twenty men to each
base drum, and three or four as lieutenants.
[Laughter.] When we came to take off the cit-
izen clothes and put the soldier s uniform on them
and place them in the ranks, there was distress
and trouble enough. If we had been compelled
to cany out the assurances they had received, I
do not know how we should ever have done it.
I will only add that Bezeau took care to stipulate
that he should never serve with his own recruits.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move after the word
" service" m the ninth line to strike out the words
"duringthe whole time m which they shall be
or shall have been in such services"and to insert
in lieu thereof " from and after the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1864."
The amendment was agreed to.
