638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer an amendment, to
insert at, the end of the resolution the following:
Piorulcrf, That from the montliJypay of every such per-
son mustered into the berviee in States or parts of States
wheie, by the pioel.imai;uH ot the Pies>ideut, tin; insurrec-
tion there slml! he resmved the *um of four dollars
per month foi the put pose of reimbursing the expenses in-
curred by the United States in feeding and clothing women
and children of color in said States or distiicts.
I do not desire to take up the time of the Sen-
ate on this subject, but simply to call their atten-
tion to a fact which was stated the other day. In
those districts where the insurrection exists, and
where our'armies enter into a territory where
there are large multitudes of persons of color, the
men, women, and children come flocking together
in crowds to them. The men are enlisted into
our service, and the women and children and the
decrepit old men are upon our hands to clothe and
feedttiid provide for. This item of expense is
very large, and will probably grow larger upon
the Government as we proceed with these enlist-
ments. I can conceive a very great difference be-
tween the colored people, situated as they are in
the insurrectionary districts, from their situation
in Massachusetts or Ohio, where they live with
their families regularly like all other citizens of
the United States. In the insurrectionary districts
they arc entirely broken up. The men, women,
and children, as I have said, come together and
cluster around our camps. They are fed and
clothed at the expense of the Government; and it
is but just that a portion of the pay of the able-
bodied men who are enlisted in those districts
should be reserved to meet these expenses. Oth-
erwise if we give to these men precisely the same
pay that we give to the white soldiers, who have
to provide for their wives and children at home,
and if we, at the same time, have these persons
on our hands to feed and clothe, we do more than
justice; we do injustice.
in conversation with a person of great knowl-
edge, in the commissary department, on this very
subject the other day, it was estimated by him
that in those sections of the country, for every
able-bodied soldier we put into our ranks there
will be about four persons, women and children
or decripit old men, upon our hands. We must
in some way or other prevent their starving. The
expense of providing for them is very gieat. As
I said the other day, my attention has been called
to tins subject from the fact that, being connected
with the Indian department somewhat, the great
expense of providing for the refugee Indians in
Kansas has been pressed upon my attention,
i suppose the expenses we have mcuircd there
have been at the rate of $1,000 a day for feeding
refugee Indians. The men have been enlisted in
Pennants,and have gone to help us to subjugate
the rebel Indians and take possession of the ln-
dian country, but the women and children are
on our hands. It is a very important considera-
tion. It seems to me the amendment is stucily
just
Mr. CONNESS. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. It is simply mustering into the
service oi the United States these colored soldiers,
and then taking a portion of their pay to suppoi t
colored persons in those districts. I hope the
United States will not assume any such position
as that; will not institute any such system. I
think the moans of supporting dependent pel sons
in those districts should come from some other
source than from the thirteen dollaisamonth of the
private soldier. I do not undertake, and will not
follow the matter out in detail as to the difficulty,
the injustice that will arise fiom such an appli-
cation, and the difficulty of oarrymgit out. Upon
the lace ot the proposition it is an ungen'*ious
snd an unjust one, in my opinion. Of course I
atti ibute and ascribe no such motives to the honor-
able Senator who has presented it. It is entirely
lepugnant both to my feelings and my reason,
Mr. SHERMAN. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is not only just, to my mind,
hut u is m accotdance with tlie practice of the
Government with regard to other employes of the
Government. We retain a poition of the pay of
persons in the Navy in order to constitute a fund
from which the expenses of naval hospitals are
paid. We levy a tax, or rather the State of New
Ymk does, upon emigrants who arrive in this
country in the city of New York for the purpose
of providing for the sick and disabled and poor
who come over as emigrants. There arc several
funds provided for by law which are made up by j
contributions levied upon the labor of persons in
that particular employment, sailors and soldiers.
I am not familiar with the lav/, but 1 know that
a fund connected with the Navy is made up by
contributions levied upon persons in the employ
of tlie Navy.
When a soldier, a white freeman, enters the ser-
vice, he must provide out of his pay for his fam-
ily. In some cases they may depend upon local
charity; but in the great body of cases he must
take his payor a large portion of it to provide for
his family at home. That lessens, therefore, his
compensation to thatextent. But in the southern
States the relations of families do not exist; they
are not recognized by law, and therefore, when
an able-bodi.ed negro man enters the military ser-
vice he leaves dependent on chanty, in want of
the common necessaries of life, those who have
been connected with him by ties of blood or mar-
riage. When we pay to the negro soldier in the
southern States the same pay we pay our most
favored sons in the northern States, there is no
reason, there is no justice why he should not be
burdened with the expense of taking care of his
wife and children, his father and mother, and
those who are dependent upon him. As you can-
not by law require him to take care of those who
are connected with him by the domestic ties, it is
but proper to levy a contribution on his compen-
sation, so as to make him pay a reasonable share
to provide for these contingencies.
I say, therefore, it is not only justified by rea-
son, but it is justified to some extent by the prac-
tice of the Government. If we pay the negro
soldiers the full [jay allowed by law to our own
soldiers, and then do not charge them with taking
care of the poor and indigent, the old and the in-
firm of the population from among whom they
enlisted, we give them an advantage, we make a
discrimination in their favor as against the white
soldiers; because you will be compelled by the
common motive of charity to provide for the
women and children m the southern States when
you take from among them the able-bodied men.
We shall be compelled by a necessity which we
all lecogmze to appropriate money for that pur-
pose, and there is no reason in thewoildwhy
they should not be charged with providing for
the very class of people who are left unprovided
for by our soldiers at home. There is no injus-
tice m it at all.
There is another consideration. These negroes
for the first time will receive pay, money. They
will not know the value of that money. They
will not take care of it, probably, with that care
to the same extent as our northern people would.
Tiioy have not yet become accustomed to the
care and custody of money; and thei efore I think
it is but wise that Congress should, as the agent
of these negroes, take care of a portion of their
wages and distribute it to those who are connected
with them by blood or marriage.
it seems to me, therefore, the principle of the
amendment is justified. If you do not doityou
will pay the black soldier what is allowed by law
to the white soldier, and in addition to that you
will have to incur a very large expense in taking
caie of the wife or ehildion, or the father or the
mother of tins very soldier to whom you pay the
full pay of the white soldier. I do not think that
is just.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me there are some
objections to this proposition of the Senator from
YViseonsm. There is not much analogy between
the naval case that he has cited and the case here.
Theie is a very great difference between taking
fifty cents a month out of the sailor's pay who
enlists with the perfect knowledge that that sum
is going to be taken out of his pay and given to
the support of a naval hospital, and taking four
dollars out of the monthly pay of the man who
has already enlisted and been rendering service
for six months and expects to render lttor thirty
months longer. We have entered into a contract
with these colon d men to pay them ten dollars a
month; and aecouhngto the conduction of some
gentlemen we haveentered into a contiact to pay
them tli11teen dollars a month. Now, it is pro-
posed by this proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin, by an act of Congress, tu take four
dollars of that pay so that it will leave him only
nine dollars a monui, a little less than he hud be-
;i fore the passage of tins hill.
j Mr. FOSTER. We give with one hand and
take away with two.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This bill provides that
we shall not only pay him that sum, but it gives
him clothing besides; in fact, making his pay
§16 50 a month. We raise the pay by this bill.
As to the particular sum with which the blank is
filled, whether it is four or three dollars, I am not
so particular about that. It is the principle that
I contend for. If other gentlemen prefer that it
should be fixed at three dollars I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. GRIMES. "We have clothed all these sol-
diers before the passage of this bill.
Mr. PESSEN DEN. This adds to the clothing.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it may be true,
as has been stated by the Senator from Ohio, that
the marital relation is not recognized by the laws
of the States where colored people are enlisted
or to be enlisted; but they exist in fact, and those
men who are enlisted in our service have wives
that they rccognize as such, and many of them
have children. Many of them have not. But is
it just to take four dollars from the pay of a man
who has no wife and put it into a common fund?
Would thatbejusthere amongourseives5 Would
it be just as applied to white soldiers? As an
illustration, if Robert Small, that gallant man
who brought out the Planter from the harbor of
Charleston and delivered her to Admiral Du Pont,
and who afterwards piloted our naval vessels into
Stono Inlet from whence Charleston might have
been taken with the proper amount of energy, if
he was in the Army of the United States, sup-
porting, as he does, his wife and family by his
own labor, just as white soldiers support their
wives and children by their own labor, would it
be just to Robeit Small to take four dollars fiom
his pay and put it into a common fund for the
benefit of other people's families? Why should
this rule be applied to the colored soldiers there
and not to the white poldieis:
Mr. WILSON. We have had to support a
great many of the wives and children of white
men down there as a matter of humanity.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I am told that in
some portions of the country where our aimies
are in possession we suppoi t as many white peo-
ple as we do colored people, refugees, Union men,
I suppose,at heart, or supposed to be Union men.
I learn it from a gentleman just from Tennessee,
who has been engaged in recruiting a loyal white
regiment in Tennessee. Why should not the
same rule extend to those men who have been
enlisted in Tennessee that you are going to ex-
tend to these colored men-5 Is theie any reason?
Mr. CONNESS. Why should it not exist all
over the country ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; why should it not
exist all over the country? I am m favor of ap-
plying the same rule to these people that is ap-
plied to other soldiers. Let them stand on a per-
fect equality before the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. By this bill we propose to
increase the pay of black soldiers substantially
nine dollars a month.
Mr. WILSON. Six dollars and a half.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will show that it is nine.
By the piesent law acoloied soldier gets ten dol-
latxa month; and from that is deducted three
dollars for clothing, which leaves him seven dol-
lars. We have already given our assent to the
bill which raises his pay to sixteen dollms a
month, besides clothing. That will undoubtedly
pass the House. There is no opposition to it.
Then the addition is nine dollars a month. That
raises his pay from seven doilais net to sixteen
dollars net, or fiom ten dollars gross to nineteen
dollars gross, including his clothing, of course.
Under the bill as it will pass he gets sixteen dol-
lars a month and clothing. That is the effect of
U. We have therefore lais^d the pay of these
black soldiers nine dollars a month. It is not, as
Senatois have been arguing here for the last day
or two, only an addition of three dollar a month.
U is an addition of nine doll.us a month.
Now is U unjust, when we ate about to double
the pay of this class of soldiers, negro soldien in
the southern States, because the amendment- only
applies to the negj o soldieis rais- d in the southern
States-, for us to piovide tii.it out of this increased
i■ \ y a fund .stud! be raised our of which the women
amlchildien and the pour of those States shall be
