1684
THS '-OOlfG-BBSSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
law that were agreed upon in the committee.
Being upon the Committee on Public Lands, 1
fcaw those amendments and approved of them,
and I think there is no question in regard to the
amendments so far as they were reported by the
committee. The first portion of the amendment
which has been presented to the Senate by my
colleague has no practical importance except to
make the road run by certain towns; it does not
change the line of the road and does not lengthen
it and does not shorten it that I know of. There
may be some importance, I think there is, in run-
ning by the towns when they are in the line of a
road; but the idea of making a railroad run out
of its direction for the sake of hitting a town
would not promote the public interests. I havq
certainly no objection to the points named being
fixed, especially those that are on the line of the
road; but the through lines of road should be
preserved. The interests of almost any railroad
would be injured if it were cut up and divided
into various sections. It is necessary for the par-
ties who have to construct the through line, if
they get any lands, to get them on the further
*nd" of the road, and those lands are necessary to
construct tiie near end, and for that reason we
want the whole line in one consolidated interest;
otherwise the road cannot be built. The last pro-
viso in the amendment of my colleague I think
would be very fatal to the interests of the bill.
The other provisions of this amendment are not
material, because they only name certain towns
on the lines of road where it seems desirable that
the roads should go. There is certainly nothing
against the public interests in naming those towns,
though the Committee on Public Lands in consid-
ering the bill thought there was no publicimport-
ance in naming them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The town in which
I Jive, Lawienee, is on the Kansas Valley road.
The road located the line two miles and a quarter
from the town, and asked of Lawrence $300,000
to run to that place, and I have named these
towns in obedience to (hat public sentiment which
has been produced in that way. Neosho Falls
is three miles out of the line of the road. I pro-
pose to strike out Neosho Falls and leave Bald-
win City,Leroy,Bui Imgton,and Oiturnwa,which
are on the direct line of the road. 1 hope the
Senate will agree to my amendment. As to the
third piopo.sition in relation to the Santa Fe road,
as (hut road starts at the town where my col-
league lives,and he is more directly interested in
it and has a better knowledge of it than I have, I
do not propose to insist upon it, but to be gov-
erned by lus suggestions.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill is a matter of some
consequence, I suppose, to that locality, and it
may be of some consequence to the country at.
large; but it is laid upon our tables this morning
for the first time, una of course there has been no
opportunity for an examination of the question.
* Besides, there is an important amendment pro-
posed which should have the approbation of the
Committee on Public Lands. The chairman of
that committee is not in his seat this morning. I
did-not suppose that the bill would be brought
up this morning; and I suggest that it would be
better to let it pass over until Senators can have
an opportunity to examine it, and until such
time, moieover, as the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Harlan,] the chairmani of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, mny be m his seat. I do not like to
make any motion in regard to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Maine is eeriamiy mistaken about the importance
of this bill so far us the Government is concerned.
It extends one line of road twenty miles, and
ahoi tens another line of road about twelve miles.
That is the importance of it to the Government.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not speak with refer-
ence to the Government interests. 1 haidly know
that there is any presumption in favor of a gen-
eral inn-rest in it. The cluut man of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, the Senator from Iowa, is
not now in his seat, ami it will hardly be presumed
thata bill of this kind, especially with such amend-
ments to it, can be passed in the Senate at once
in'his absence. I suggest therefore to the Sen-
ator from Kansas to allow the bill to go over for
the present, i do not like to make a motion in
repaid to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa hag gone homo, and he left this bill in
charge of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Hard-
ing,] who is in his seat, or was in his .seat a mo-
ment since when I called up the bill. I am very
anxious to have it passed. It is a matter of lo-
cal interest to my State. My colleague and my-
self agree as to its terms; and I think under these
circumstances the Senate will consent to pass it.
Mr. MORRILL. Has anybody else any in-
terest in this question?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have said to the
Senator fiom Maine that the Senator from Iowa
consented to these two amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am free to acknowledge
that in relation to much of the business done in
the Senate I am compelled in a great measure to
rely upon the action of our committees; nor do I
think that is peculiar to myself; and inasmuch as
that is the case, especially in relation to a subject
of this kind, 1 desire that the chairman of our
Committee on Public Lands, who agreed to the
bill,shall be present. 1 desire to know his views
about it. I think as a mere matter of courtesy
to him that the honorable Senator ought not to
press it now.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be laid
aside unul the chairman of the Committee on
Public. Lands comes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
WARREN W. GREEN.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate post-
pone all piior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 217) for the relief of
Warren W. Green, a little bill reported from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will allow me to take up a bill
relating to the Disti ict of Columbia. It is a pub-
lic billj and I will Mate to him in a word why I
wish to have it taken up and acted upon this
morning. I do not suppose it will take any time.
There is some controversy in the District as to
whether the marshal or warden shall perform cer-
tain duties. This bill will, I think, relieve that em-
bairassment, and it is desirable in view of what is
transpiring in the Disti ict that it should be acted
upon at once. I do not t h ink it will take any time.
Mr. CLARK. This bill will not take three
minutes.
Mr. TRUMIJULL. I have made my state-
ment, and if the Senator chooses to proceed with
his bill very well.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator does not think
it better in the order of business to let it come up
now, I will yield to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not interfere with
the Senator in his motion.
Mr. CLARK. We can dispose of it in a mo-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
217) for the relief of Warren W.Green was read
a becond time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Warren W. Green the sum of $47 79,
being tor his services on the Fort Kearney and
Money Lake wagon road, in the year 1857.
The bill was icported to the Senate without
amendment, oulered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DISPOSITION OF CONVICTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
; No. 172.
| The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
! m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
1 the bill (S. No. 172) concerning the disposition
of convicts in the couits of the United States, for
the subsisting of pei sons confined in jails charged
with violating the laws of the United States, and
foi diminishing the expenses in relation thereto.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary have reported a substitute for the bill;
and unless some Senator desires it, 1 will ask that
the Secretary read the substitute only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection that course will be puisued.
The Secretary read the amendment leported
from the Committee on the Judiciar3r, to strike
outall of the original bill altei the enacting clause,
il and to insscit in heu (hereof:
$ That all persons who have laeo*:, or who may hereafter
be, convicted of cuuie by any couit of the United States—
not miUtaiv—tie1 punishment wbeieof shall be impugn-
ment, iu a'district or Terntoiy whete, at the lime of such
conviction, theie may be no penitentiaiy or oilier prison
suitable for the confinement ofconvietsot the United State*,
amj available thereior, shall be confined during the tern)
for winch they have been or. may be sentenced, m j-ome
suitable prison m a convenient State oi Teiritoiy to be
designated by the Secretary of the Interior, and slmlt be
translated and delivered to the warden or keeper of the
pi i-sonby the marshal of the district or Teiritory where suert
conviction s-bali have occurred, or if Mich conviction be
had in the District of Colntnbia. then and m such ea^cthe
transpoitation and delivery shall he by the warden of the
jail of said Disti ict; the reasonable actual expense ot uans-
portation, nfce&sary bubsi&tence and bite, and tn\ti-«poi ta-
tion of guards and the maishal oi the warden of thej.nl in
the Di^tnet of Columbia, only, to be paid by the Seotetary
of the Interior, out of the judiciary hind : Provided, That
if, in the opinion of the Secretary, tin: expense of trans-
portation from any State, Tertuory, oi the District of Co-
lumbia, m which theic is no pcimentiaiy, will ex-cccd the
co t of maintaining them in j.iit in the State, Teirifory, or
District of Columbia during the period of their sentence,
then it shall be lawful so to confine them therein for the
penod designated iu their sentence.
Sec. 2 Jl>id be il fmtker enacted, That it shall bo the
duty of the Secretary of the. Inteiioi to eontiaet with the
managers or pioper authorities having the eonuol of such
prison or prisons, for the tmpi iconmont, subsistence, and
pioper employment of all such pn-oneis, nod to Give the
couit having jurisdiction of such offense-, m said District
notice of the prison where such persons, will be confined if
eonvictcd.
Sec. 3. Jlni he it further enacted, That hereaffet there
shall be allowed and paid by the Seeretaiy of the Jnteuor,
for the subsistence of pi isonera iu the cu - tody of an) mar-
shal of the United Stales and the warden of the jail in the
Distuet of Columbia, such sum only a- it shall reasonably
and actually costtosubsist thenrt And it shall betheduty
of the Secretary of the Interior to prescribe such niles and
regulations lor the government of the marshals and the
wmden of the jail in the Di-triet of Columbia, m lekitioii
totheir duties under thi^ act, a-> will enable him todetcim-
ine the actual ami reasonable expense inclined.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further evaded, That it shall be the duty
of the vvaideuof the jail in the Ui-ti ict of Columbia, when-
evei anv prison confined in find jail shall be adjudged to
suffer death, to entry such judgment into execution ; but
nothing in this act ttoi "An act to authoi ize the appoint-
ment or a w.uden of the jail in the Di-tnet of Columbia,"
nppioved February 29, 18G«1, "ball be eon-hued to impair
oi inteifere with the authouiy oi the marshal of saul Div-
tiiet to commit persons to said jail, oi to produce them in
open eomt or befoie any judicial otViecr when thereto ic-
qmred. And it shall be the duty of the waideno! said jail
to receive such pi is.on.etf, and to delivet them to said mar-
shal or Ins duly authonzed deputy, on the wntien k quest
of cither, tor the piupt^e of taking them befoie any court
or judicial offieei as aioie^aicl.
Sec. «">. J-hid he it fui (her enacted, That the office of waid-
en of the penitentiary in the i),<uict of Columbia s-hall,
fiom and alter the passage ot this act, be suspended, and
the salaiy and emolument* rheicot abolished, dnung the
tune in which theie shall be no pcmtentiaiy u>ed in said
Disti ict.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the fourth line of the
fifth section, 1 think the word " abolished"
should be " cease;" so that it will iva<l, " and (lie
salary and emoluments thereof cense," &c.
• The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment of the committee, as
amended, was adopted.
The bill was i eported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
RANK OF PROVOST MARSHAL GENERAL.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to suspend
all prior orders and that the S«*uiite proe .<d t >
consider the bill (H. It No. 30J) to amenjl an
act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
so as to increase the iank, pay, and emoluments
of the Piovost Marshal Geneial. It is a bill that
was introduced in the House of Representatives,
icferred there to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported upon favorably, and passed with-
out any opposition. It was then leferred to the
Committee on Military AlVaiis of the Senate,and
has been reported back with a recommendation
that it pass, and it has been on the file for some
two months. The object of the bill is stated in
its title.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the rank, pay, and
emoluments of the Pi ovost Marshal General, au-
thorized by section five ot the enroll men tact, shall
be (hose of a brigadier general.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The impoitance of
this bill i will state in a single word. Colonel
Fry has the command of some thirty colonels of
equal rank with himself; he has had the com-
mand at different times of more than forty thou-
sand'men; and yet he still has only the rank and
pay of a colonel. He is the senior officer of his
