1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-IOUE.
m-
38th Ooits....1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
' SEKATE.
These are the laws that the President is to see
faithfully executed. Whenever he goes beyond
that he is a usurper. The President, under the
Constitution, can exercise no implied power. All
the implied powers that can be exercised under
our Government must be exercised by another
and a difierent body of magistracy, to wit, the
legislative; and that is the express language of
the Constitution. The eighteenth paragraph of
the eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution declares that Congress is clothed with
the power to make all laws which shall be neces-
sary and proper for carrying into effect all the
powers vested by the Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any Department
or officer thereof; consequently the Presidentcan
exercise no imphed.powers. He can exercise no
power except that with which he is clothed by
the Constitution and the laws made in pursuance
thereof.
In the States to which I have alluded, the Presi-
dent, or those acting under his orders, have pre-
scribed the qualifications of voters and the qual-
ifications of candidates for office, and that, too,
in direct violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. This is a grave charge, but it is one
that I will make good by testimony that none can
doubt. Let us sec who it is that has the right
to prescribe the qualifications of voters. I sup-
pose that no Senator will deny that as to all State
offices the States have the power to prescribe the
qualifications of the officer as well as of the voter.
That power not having been delegated by the Con-
stitution to the General Government, the States
necessarily retain it. But there is an express pro-
vision of the Constitution. The tenth amend-
ment, which declares,"Thepowersnotdelegated
to the United'States by the Constitution, norpro-
hibitedby.it to the States, are reserved to the States
respectively or to the people," and the Constitu-
tion very clearly indicate who are qualified voters
for members of Congress. The second section of
the first article of the Constitution is in these
words:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen eveiy sccond year by the people of the
s-eveial States, and the electors in each State slui' have tlie
qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature."
The Constitution of the United States, in the
clause just read, declares who shall be qualified
electors for members of Congress. It fixes the
qualification as the one ordained by the State gov-
ernment for the members of the most numerous
branch of their Legislature. That is the funda-
mental law of the land; but in violation of that
provision of the Constitution the military have
seen fit, by military orders, to fix the qualifications
of voters in the States. They have gone further,
and fixed the qualifications for office. Not only
the military have done this, but the President of
the United States himself fias done it. I am not
going to waste ail my time upon those who do the
Chief Magistrate's bidding, but it is my purpose
to-day to expose his atrocious violations of the
Constitution. I trust that I shall speak of the
Piesident in a manner that is courteous, but 1 cer-
tainly shall do U in very plain language. The
chaigcs that I have to make 1 trust will not be
imsundeistood by any one. I will not deal m
innuendo, insinuation, or hint, but I will make the
charge directly, and I have the proof to sustain it.
The second section of the first article of the
Constitution fixes the qualifications of a Repre-
sentative in Congress:
"No peison shall be aRepiesentative who <hall not have
attained to the age of twenty-five years, and been seven
yems a citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
when eieeted, be fin inhabitant of that State in which lie
t-liall be chosen."
The Committee on Military Affairs, who made
a very elaborate report, which I have before me,
and which I shall presently review, justify the
military in all they have done in controlling elec-
tions. The sole object and design of the commit-
tee in their report seems to be the justification and
vindication of the military authorities for their
atrocious assault on the rights of the States and
the liberties of the people and their wicked and
illegal inteiferencc in elections; and they assault
every person who says or does anything tending
to prove that the military have usurped poweis
that belong to the civil oiliccis ol the States and
to the people. The committee justify the Presi-
dent and the military authorities for this interfer-
ence in elections upon the ground that it was right
and proper that the military arm should have been
so used to protect the voters, " the Joyal voters,"
as they are called in the report. The Constitution
prescribes the duty of the Chief Magistrate on this
subject. I will read the clause from article four.
"Sec. 4. The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a lepnbiican form of government, and shall
protect each of tlicm against invasion, and, on application
of the Legislature, or of the Executive, (when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened,) against domestic violence."
The President of the United States has no au<-
thority or power to send his military into one of
the adhering States for the purpose of preventing
domestic violence at the polls unless he had been
invited to do so by the State authorities, for the
Constitution plainly and distinctly provides that
he shall do it on application of the Legislature if
in session, and if that cannot be, then on the ap-
plication of the Executive; and that is one of the
wisest provisions in that sacred instrument. It is
a provision intended to prevent a despotic Presi-
dent from interfering by armed force with the
rights of the States and the liberties of the people.
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, second volume, section eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, page 633, speaking of
this clause of the Constitution, says:
" It may not be amiss further to observe (in the lan-
guage of another commcntatoi) that every pretext for in-
termeddling with the domestic concerns of any State under
color of protecting it against domestic violence, is taken
away by that part of the provision which renders an appli-
cation from the Legislatuic or executive authouty of the
State endangered necessary to he made to the Genet alGov-
ernment beiore its interference can be at all proper. On
the otbei hand, this ai tide becomes an immense acquisition
of stiength and additional foice to the airl of any State
government m case of an intcinaliebeilion oi insurrection
against lawful authority."
This learned commentator takes the very view
of this clausc of the Constitution that I have here-
tofore indicated. But for this provision of the
Constitution a corrupt, venal, or ambitious Pres-
ident could by means of the military force, un-
der some imaginary plea of domestic violence,
invade any State in this Union on the eve of an
election, and dictate the persons who should be
returned as members of the other House of Con-
gress, who should be returned as members of the
Legislature, who should be returned as Governors
of the States. In a word, if you allow him to
use the Army in this way without the invitation
of the State authorities, a wicked and corrupt man
would have it in his power to prostrate every
State government in the Union, and to elect offi-
cers who would do his bidding, and thus over-
throw the liberties of the people, and establish a
consolidated despotism of which he would be the
master.
Mr. President, after the few preliminary re-
maiks which [ have made, 1 will now proceed to
the examination of the report made by the Com-
mittee on iMiiifaiy AfFaiis upon this bill.
Mi. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me one word here 
Mr. POWELL. I prefer not to be interrupted.
If the Senator has any questions to ask, if he will
reserve them until I get through I shall then an-
swer them with great pleasure.
Mr. HOWARD. I will say nothing, then, until
the Senator gets through.
Mr. POWELL. I am willing to hear any ques-
tions the Senator wishes to ask.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator may as well
procced.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, this bill,which
was referred to the Committee on IMiiitaryAffairs,
came hack to the Senate accompanied by a very
voluminous adverse report. 1 have read the re-
port with a great deal of care, and if I had not
known that it was made by a committee composed
of honorable Senators of this body, 1 never should
have dreamed that such a document could ema-
nate from a committee of the Senate of the United
States. So far A um mcetingthe case and discuss-
ing thebil! fully, fairly, candidly, and impartially,
the committee made n report of some fifty-two
closely punted pages,almost every line of which
is a labored defense of the President and the mili-
tary authorities who had command in Kentucky,
Maiyland, and Delawaie; and in order to maKe
the defense of the military commandeis and of the
President complete, the report indulges in the
harshest assaults upon every person whose name
appears in the documents before the committed,
that at all complains or censures the militaryTor
their unlawful and outrageous interference in t&k
elections in those States".
The committee even travel out of the record to
find objects for assault. The honorable Senator
from Maryland-, [Mr. Johnson,] took occasion
some weeks since, in a debate that sprang up in
this body, to make some remarks upon the effect
tion that had occurred in his State last fall. The
committee in the report notice that, and I will read
what they say of it:
"The recent Maryland election is a fruitful topic of com-
plaint. The Governor and one of her Senators unite in de-
nouncing iu "TheformerjinhisinessjigejinformstheLegis-
lature that 1 a part of the Army which a generous people
supplied for a very different purpose, was on that day em-
ployed in stifling the freedom of election m a faith nit Stale,
intimidating ita/sworn officers, violating the constitutional
rights of iu loyal citizens, and obstructing the usual ehan-
nelsof communication between them and theirExecutive.'
And a Senator of Maryland has indulged in expressions
which nothing but the most flagrant invasions of the elect-
ive franchise can excuse.
" But the weight of these imputations is seriously dimin-
ished by two considerations: both gentlemen owe their
positions to an election conducted under the same auspices j
both gentlemen are now on the losing side of the election
which tliey impeach; and the country has not forgotten
that it is the bad habit of the defeated partisans of the sla-
very interests to blacken the opponents whom they fail to
defeat."
Mr. President, why step out of the way to
make this assault upon the honorable Senator
from Maryland ? Nothing that the honorable Sen-
ator said was before the committee. They had
before them the message and accompanying doc-
uments of the Governor of the State of Mary-
land, and upon that they could legitimately com-
ment. They not only step out of the way toas-
sault the Senator, but they impute to him most
unworthy motives. Complaint is now made of
the Maryland election, the committee say, be-
cause the Senator and the Governor are on the
losing side. I, however, will not enter into any
defense of the patriotic, able, and distinguished
Senator from Maryland. He is in the Senate
Chamber, and he is fully able to make his defense
against all assaults and all assailants, whether
they come from the Military Committee or from
others in this Hall, or elsewhere. 1 will leave
that matter to the honorable Senator himself. But
I will simply say that I regard the assault as un-
just, unwarrantable, and unworthy ofa committee
of this body. This is the first time I have ever
seen in a report of a committee of this body an
instanco where they stepped out of the way to
assail a Senator, and to attribute unworthy mo-
tives to him in order to strengthen and to build up
the waning reputations of military commanders*
whose conduct has been such that they must, in
all aftertimc,receive thecondemnation of all hon-
est, of all law-abiding and liberty-loving men.
Mr. President, allow me to read one or two ex-
tracts from this report. The committee in the
outset of the rcpott on the first page announce a
proposition that is correct and which I heartily
approve. I will read it:
"The bill is founded upon the supposition that the mili-
tary have in some instances interfered in an illegal or im-
proper way with popular elections in the States, and seeks
to prevent that evil foi the future by the infliction of severe
pains and penalties.
'"That elections should be free fiom ail violence and in-
timidation, is an axiom of fiee government accepted all,
and so evident that it need not be dKcus«<'d. Violence and
thieats of violence, and all disturbance, actual or thieur-
encd, calculated to keep the legal voter fiom the polls, or
to constrain hisfiee will and choice in exercising his risjht,
are plainly incompatible with the principles on which our
governments, whether State or Federal, rest."
I suppose the extract from the report which I
have just read will receive the approval of every
man who lives under a republican Government
or appreciates civil liberty.
I will undertake to show, and that too from
the evidence that was before the committee, that
the very infractions of right which they notice in
the extract from the report had occurred, that
the evidence was ample, full, and complete be-
fore them when they made the report recom-
mending that the bill should not pass. Yes, sir,
the Committee on Military Affair* had evid< nee,
abundant evidence, in their possession, docu-
ments that they review in this very report, prov-
ing that the military had iuterfuied in the most
