1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
rest without legal process. For that purpose 1
propose to stjffke out the clause i have mentioned,
and I propose then to strike out from line thirty-
two all the provision that ha&been inserted there,
and to the end of line thirty-five, and to.insert in
lieu thereof these'words 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that after line thirty-two to the end of
line thirty-five was an amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance which was not agreed
to, and which, therefore, is not in the bill, but a
substitute was inserted for it, which the Senator
from New York can move to stride out in con-
nection with other matter.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to strike out all that
has been inserted after the word " aforesaid" in
line thirty-two down to the beginning of line
thirty-six, whatever there is in thesectiSn between
those two points,.and to insert in lieu of those
words:
Such summons may be served by any assistant assessor
of The district. In case any person so summoned shall
neglcct 01 refuse to obey such summons according to its
exigency, or to give testimony, or answer interrogatories as
required, it shall be lawful for the assessor upon affidavit
proving the facts to apply to the judge of the district court
or a commissioner authonzed to perforin the duties of Mich
judge at chambers, for an attachment against such person
as tor a contempt. It shall be the duty of such judge or
commissioner to hear such application, and if satisfactory
proof be made to issue an attachment directed to some
proper officer for the arrest of such person; and upon his
being brought befoie him, to proceed to <1 hearing of the
case, and upon such hearing the judge or commissioner
frhall have power to make such order as he shall deem
proper to entoice obedience to the requuement of the sum-
mons and punish such person for his default or disobedience.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the more sim-
plicity and the more rapidity you have in these
proceedings the better they are for the purpose
which you wish to accomplish. My friend from
New York spoke of arbitrary arrests. It is the
first time I ever heard an arrest by process of law
authorized by statute designated as an arbitrary
arrest. I supposed that by " arbitrary arrest''
was understood an arrest without any law at all.
Mr. HARRIS. Without process of law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This process is legal when
we make it legal by statute. The only question
is, who shall issue the papers? The question here
really depends altogether on this, whether the
assessor shall himself issue a warrant for the ar-
rest of the person, or whether in the first place he
shall file an affidavit and take out a warrant from
a court. It rftust be obvious to everybody that to
require the latter will take longer time and make
the proceeding much more expensive. As the
section now stands, if the assessor arrests a per-
son he must take him directly before a couit of
the United States for adjudication; he cannot
make any adjudication himself. The difference
between that and this amendment is that the
amendment puts the assessor under the necessity
of going to the court in the first instance for a war-
rant, and puts the Government of the United States
to the expense of paying for a warrant and such
expenses as may arise thereon and thereafter.
The chance is that in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred, if the arrest of a man were ordered, he
would produce the book and there would be no
further expense. Onceinawhile you mightfind
a contumacious individual who would refuse to
do it until he was finally compelled to do it by
imprisonment or other process.
It will be noticed that none of these proceed-
ings can be had until after due notice. It is a
section providing for a case where a man has been
notified that his statement is not satisfactory, and
he refuses to make any other. Then the section
says that the assessor may notify him to pro-
duce his books, that they may be examined, and
he then refuses to produce his books. He having
in the first place refused to account, and then hav-
ing refused to produce his books, it. is provided
that the assessor may issue his warrant and ar-
rest him, and take him directly before a court
for adjudication. Under such circumstances, is
not that all that such a man has a right to de-
mand ? Is there any necessity for going to a court,
in the first instance, with an affidavit to procure
a warrant, and have it issued on a statement of
the facts? I think it would embarrass and delay
the whole matter, and create unnecessary ex-
pense.
1 may add what E said once before to the Sen-
ate in another connection, that men who have
practiced law in couits as long a& tiie Senator
from New York and myself, and especially men
who have had the additional advantage which he
has had and I have not had of administering the
law as a judge, are too apt, in my judgment, to
attach undue consequence to the regular form of
proceeding to which they have been accustomed.
In my judgment, it is necessary in cases of this
kind, and under statutes of this kind, in some de-
gree to disregard that lengthy form of proceeding
which is required in ordinary cases. I believe
nobody will be hurt by it.
Mr. HARRIS. I confess, Mr. President, I am
a little disappointed in finding this proposition re-
sisted by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance. I had thought that having contrived a
way for punishing delinquents under the provis-
ions of this bill without any violation of the or-
dinary rules of law in respect to the arrest and
punishment of individuals, he would have been
quite wilting to accept it. Now, sir, I confess
that I am very much opposed to allowing arrests
by executive officers; I think we are familiarizing
ourselves quite too much to that sort of thing.
I dislike very much the provision in this section
that an executive officer, when he thinks an indi-
vidual has be$n guilty of a contempt of his au-
thority, may, without process of law, take that
individual and carry him through the country to
find a court. I desire never to see such a thing
as that in this country. It is trifling with the
liberties of the citizcn unnecessarily, in my judg-
ment. But if the Senator from Maine thinks it
fit to retain this provision, and to authorize an as-
sistant assessor, when he thinks a party has been
guilty of contempt, to arrest him himself without
judicial process, without applying to any judicial
tribunal, I shall not resist it further; but it seems
to me it is far better to do in this case just what
is done in ten thousand other cases where a per-
son has been guilty of default or any delinquency,
to apply to a judicial officer for process of arrest.
It can be done'withoutdifficulty. It is done every
day in other cases. Why not do it in this?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, to strike out the w^rds " by subpena
to be served by any assistant assessor," in the
twenty-second line of the fourteenth section.
Tiie amendment was agreed to—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, to strike out the word " appear," in
tj^e twenty-sixth line, and to insert before such
assessor, and then after the word "aforesaid,"
in the thiity-second line, to strike out down to line
thirty-s'X, and to insert m lieu thereof the words
which have been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have some amendments
to propose, some of which are verbal and some
material. In the first place, I wish to call atten-
tion to an amendment that I proposed the other
day in relation to titles to land. I move to insert
at the end of section one hundred and fifty-seven,
on page 207, this proviso:
Provided, Tii.it the title of n purchaser of land by a deed
duly stamped shall not be deleated or affected by the want
of a proper stamp on any deed conveying said land, by any
person through or under whom he claims or holds title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I fear that that is hardly
specific enough. 1 think the latter clause would
read better if it were " any person through or un-
der whom his grantor claims or-holds title."
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that; and I so modify my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. The next amendment
which I wish to propose relates to a feature which
was in the former hill, but has been left out of this,
and I desire in some shape to put it in. In the
present law a distinction is made as to the income
tax between resident citizens and non-resident
citizens of the United States. We do not desire
that our citizens who have incomes in this coun-
try, dividends of banks, and incomes from other
corporations and fiom interest on the publicdebt,
should go out of the country, reside in Paris or
elsewhere, avoiding the risk of being diafted or
contributing anything personally to the require-
ments of the country at this time, and get off with
as low a tax as anybody else. The law as it now
stands makes a difference to those persons of two
per cent, in the ineonit lax on account of the ob-
ligations which are by those, w.Jio reside
abroad, and endured* by those who stay .at home,.
I think that is a wise and w^olesoitte.^CittCttioi^,
and it ought to be preserved. Itoug&t aot &>,%
allowed to dropout of this law. It has b?en dra-
ped out of the bill by the House of
tives, I do not know exactLyupon ^hatgrottna.
The bill provides: " ;
That therfc shall be levied, collected, and paid" wmuftily
upon the annual gams, profits, or income of every person
residing in the United States, or of any citizen ctffhe fron-
ted States residing ubroad, whether derlved'Croiri afifc kind
of property, rents, interest, &c.
They have put in a provision that thtey mean
to collect a tax-off those citizens wlio reside
abroad;'and therefore the distinction could not
have been left out for the reason that it was.sup-
posed the additional tax could not be collected, as
some of my friends suggest to me. I propose
that the words "or of any citizen of the United
States residing abroad" be stricken out in the
fourth line of the one hundred and fifteenth sec-
tion, on page 170, and then to insert in line six-
teen of that section these words:
And upon the annual gairis, profits, an# income, rcu#?
and dividends, accruing upon any property, securities, rfrid
stocks owned in the United States by any citizen oC the
United States residing abroad not in the employment of the
Government of the United States, there fehalt bo levied,
collected, and paid a duty of two percent, motcthau upon
resident citizens of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear the
reason for that amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have stated the reago$.
Mr. CONNESS. I was out of the Chamber.
The Senator will excuse me for asking the ques-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the first place this is
the law now and has been for two years past, but
it has been left out of this bill without any reason
that I know of. I wish to preserve it. Then,
that there is a good reason for making a distinc-
tion between resident and non-resident citizens of
the United States I think is quite obvious. If a
man draws his income from our public debt, or
from property here, and resides in Paris, skulk-
ing away from contributing his personal support
to the Government in this day of its extremity,
he ought to pay a higher income tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 161, line six of
section one hundred and nine, after the word
" banking," I move to insert "and except such
savings banks as confine their business to receiv-
ing deposits'and loaning the same for the depos-
itors, and do no other banking business what-
ever."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think t|ie Senator had
better put it in some other place; say after the
clause in reference to national banks.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the eleventh line, after
the word " three."
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall have to insert
more words there in reference to the banking
bill; when it is approved we shall have to insert
the date there; and therefore let theSeoator rnqve
to put in his amendment immediately preceding
the word "and," in the eleventh line. Then it
will keep its place whatever we put in before it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not care about the
place. I will have it inserted immediately before
the word "and," in the eleventh line of section
one hundred and nine, on page 161.
Mr. JOHNSON. Th$tmakes no limitation as
to the business in which those banks may be con-
cerned.
Mr. COLLAMER. The exception is of those
that confine themselves to taking deposits and
lending them for the depositors, and do no other
banking business whatever.
Mr. JOHNSON. No matter what the amount
of deposits may be?
Mr. COLLAMER. That is immaterial.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to it. "I
only wanted to know the effect of it.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that theamendment
is a little too limited. I will make the suggestion
that I have in my mind to the Senator from Ver-
mont, and then if he thinks it is unnecessary to
make the amendment, I will notmoveit. Someof
these savings banks receive large deposits which
they do not loan and are not able to loan, and
they invest them, for instance, in United States
bonds.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is loaning. They
