040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,.
if he pleases,'to answer this question: what does
hfe propose to do inthecaseof those negroeswho
enlist as soldiers who have no wives or children,
■who leave no poor behind them? Does he pro-
pose taking four dollars per month from their pay-
to be given to the support of the poor of their dis-
trict? i desire an answer to that question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia did not hear the speech of the Senator from
Kansas I desire to ca?H his attention to some facts
which he stated. He stated the faet to be that in
all" that section of the United States to which this
provision applies, the able-bodied men, although
they have women and1 children, are not under any
obligation to support them, and never have been.
Therefore those who have women and children
enlist perfectly free from all obligation to support
them. The support of the women and children
heretofore devolved upon the masters who em-
ployed them, and now will devolve on the Gov-
ernment; whereas intheother section of the coun-
try, where the institution of slavery does not
exist, colored men have their families, their wives
and their children, which they are bound legally
to supporUjust as much as white men are. The
white soldier who enlists in our armies has per-
sons dependent upon him for support and whom
he is bound to support, his wife and children and
his decrepit and old parents. If you give him
but thirteen dollars a month to pay him for his
services with all those legal and binding obliga-
tions upon him to support during his absence his
wife and children, and at the same time go into
another section and enlist by hundreds and thou-
sands colored men who have wives and children
and yet are not bound to support them, who are
without any legal obligation to support them, and
give them the same pay while their women and
children flock in crowds around our armies to be
fed from our commissary stores and clothed from
the clothing that comes from our quartermaster's
department—if you do that, I say you have for-
gotten that white men are as good as negroes at
least.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 shall be through in a
single moment. I wish to reply to the inquiry of
my friend from New Jersey, lie asks what will
becomeof this fund? Wl^, sir, the fund will re-
main in the Treasury. It will not be paid out.
It is to remain in the Treasury to reimburse these
expenses winch the United States Government
incurs in its commissary and quartermaster's de-
partment that are issuing rations by thousands
and hundreds of thousands to these people. I
repeat it has been estimated, by a gentleman fully
acquainted with this subject, that for every able-
bodied man in this section which you will put
in your Army you will have four persons to be
fed and provided for till you can get your plant-
ation system arranged. Perhaps when the plant-
ation system shall be arranged and all those peo-
ple set at work, they will earn sufficient to pay
for their food and clothing. But this is an ex-
pense that weare now .subjected to; and while we
are contending for equality and justice, I demand
justice for the white man as well as the negro.
Mr. LANE, of Ivhnsas. I desire briefly to state
the retygns that will govern my vote on this ques-
tion. TThe negro soldier has now proved his ca-
pacity for endurance equal to the white soldier.
He has shown his fighting qualities to be, if not
equal to those of the white soldier, valuable to
the country. So far as I am concerned, I desire
to put the one upon the same footing as the other.
Let us have no discrimination between the sol-
diers who sustain the flag of the country and who
mingle their blood in the same great cause. 1
desire to remind the Senator from Wisconsin of
a fact which he seems to have forgotten. The
white soldier has his family supported and sus-
tained by the States orcommunities from whence
lie comes.
Mr. HARRIS. Oh, no; that is not the case in
most of the States.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. I beg the Senator's
pardon; so far as the State I in part represent is
concerned, the destitute families of soldiers are
liberally sustained by the patriotic community in
which they reside. There are some, I grant you,
who are not; but it is the benevolent and the pa- h
triotic that sustain the destitute families of white ;
soldiers in Kansas, and I presume it is the case
in every State of this Union, Some of the States,
I believe, appropriate money for that purpose, not
to sustain the families of colored soldiers, but to
sustain the families of white soldiers.
Sir, we have lost a great deal by discriminating
against the colored soldiers. In my opinion, had
they been placed on the same footing at the out-
set with the white soldiers, the so-called confed-
erate government would not have dared to dis-
criminate against them in the exchange of pris-
oners. We invited thatpretended governmentto
discriminate against them. We made the dis-
crimination ourselves, and said to Jeff. Davis and
his accursed pretended government, in effect,
You may discriminate between the black and the
white soldiers clothed in our uniform and shed-
ding their blood for the same cause. We induced
the pretended confederate government to discrim-
inate against the colored soldier. In violation of
all the rules that govern civilized warfare, they
have dared to do it upon our invitation. It is time
for our own honor that we strike down the dis-
crimination between the soldiers of the United
States. We have catered to this prejudice too
long. When we put the uniform of the United
States upon a person, he should be the peerof any
one who wears the same uniform, without refer-
ence to complexion.
Let me say to the Senator from Wisconsin, as
has been said by my colleague and by the Senator
from Massachusetts, that the families of the col-
ored soldiers are self-sustaining machines almost
from the moment they enter our lines. They
have been taught to sustain themselves, and they
do sustain themselves. I hope that this amend-
ment will not receive a single vote in this Cham-
ber, for it is a discrimination between the soldiers
of the Army ofthe United States, and an invitation
to Jeff. Davis to persist in his brutal treatment of
our gallant troops.
Mr. CONNESS. My understanding has al-
ways been, in addition to what the honorable
Senator from Kansas has said just now, that the
families of the blacks are and have been self-sus-
taining, that they have also sustained the whites
in those States in addition.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is so.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 knew the Senator would
assent to it, because it is a palpable fact, and I
think it would be very hard to controvert it. To
controvert it, it would be necessary to prove that
the producers of the country were not the source
of its wealth. But I will not debate that propo-
sition.
The Senator from Wisconsin tells us that it is
not proposed to take this money derived from the
four dollars per month to be deducted from the
pay of the soldiers from the Treasury at all, but
it is to be kept in the Treasury as an equivalent
for the amount that is now spent by the Govern-
ment in giving rations to the poor blacks. Then
I should like to ask that Senator why he proposes
to raise the pay of the black soldiers to thirteen
dollars a month? Why does he not honestly and
fairly propose that it shall be four dollars less
than thirteen dollars, namely, nine dollars, with
rations and clothing? Is not that what it means?
Arc you going to tell an official falsehood by tell-
ing the country and these black soldiery that they
shall have precisely the same amount per month
for their services that white soldiers receive, and
then when the paymaster comes to pay them they
are to have four dollars a month less? Why less?
The amendment proposed says it is for the pur-
pose of feeding1 their families.
But the Senator who offers the amendment con-
sumes his own language, and we are bound to take
his construction as a correct one, that so far from
going to support their families it is simply to be
letained in the Tieasury and is not to be paid out
at all. 1 asked him the simple question, which
he did not answer, hut that was his privilege,
what he was to do in case deductions of this kind
were made from the pay of soldiers who had no
families? I should like to know whether he means
to say there are not such soldiers, that there are
not colored men who enlist and are mustered into
the set vice who have no families? I should like
to know what kind of justice there is in taking
his money to be applied'to the supportof colored
persons living in his district ? Is he to be mulcted
in a fine because he happens to live in or come
from a district where there are impoverished per-
sons of his color? I apprehend there is no justice
in that.
Now, a word in regard to the remark of the
Senator from Ohio and the comment upon it of
the Senator from Iowa, that it is a corresponding
case to the retention of a portion of the pay of
sailors and soldiers for soldiers' homes and for
sailors' homes and hospital purposes. I say there
is no correspondence or parallel in the cases. In
the one instance there are established institutions
that are intended to be and remain through all
time. The machinery for carrying them on, the
rules and discipline according to which they shall
be maintained, are existing facts, and they are to
continue to exist; and such small pittance as is
retained from the compensation of sailors and sol-
diers to be applied to the suppoit of those insti-
tutions is known by the sailor or the soldier be-
fore he enters the service; and in addition to that
it is to be most economically and exactly applied.
But if, contrary to the construction put by the
Senator from Wisconsin on his own amendment,
this four d^Hlars a month is to constitute a fund
which would be distributed, as the Senator from
New Jersey says, by a new corps of officers and
retainers, who in fact would be supported by
the-black soldiers, 1 apprehend it would make a
condition of things that would be rather a shame
and a disgrace to our country than the contrary.
If, however, we are to accept the construction
placed on the amendment by the honorable Sen-
ator who has presented it here, namely, that the
money is never to leave the Treasury at all, and
yet we are to write in our law that they shall be
paid the same amountthat whitesoldiersare, and
that all distinctions, after the 1st of January, 1864,
in that respect are to cease, I should like to know
how we can escape from the glaring inconsist-
ency that we pretend to do that which we do not
do. I agree 'entirely with the Senator from Kan-
sas in the hope that such an amendment will not
be sustained by any considerable vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from California seems to think that I am in-
volved m some inconsistency by saying this money
will be reserved in the Treasury. The amendment
provides that it is to be reserved in the Treasury
to reimburse the expenses which we incur. The
fact is that we are incurring these expenses every
day by thousands of dollars. And in relation to
this amendment, so far from drawing a distinc-
tion against the colored man, it is simply placing
the colored soldier and the white soldier upon
something like a footing of equality. If you pay
an equal sum to the colored soldier that you do
to the wlrite soldier, and support his family too,
you do more for him than you do for the white
soldier.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator right there,
suppose he has no family''
Mr, DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Kan-
sas, as I stated before, explained the state of so-
ciety within those States where this amendment
would apply: that, while these men have not fam-
ilies which they can legally he compelled to sup-
port as a family, they have women and children
in fact 
Mr. CONNESS: I submit to the honorable
Senator that he should answer the question. What
is he going to do in the case of those soldiers who
have no families?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Under the laws of those
States and the statement made by my fi iend from
Kansas, none of them have any families; but they
are the able-bodied men who enlisted into the ar-
mies; and 1 say that if they enlisted into the armies,
their women and children should be provided for;
and if they are not in that state of society where
those women and children are regarded as consti-
tuting families, whom they are legally bound to
support, we have a right ourselves to impose upon
the able-bodied men a portion of the duty at least
of suppoi ting their women and children. That
is the difference, and my friend will be unable to
get rid of thatdifference. Letmetell him, though
it is a matter he may smile at now, that the time
will come when the proposition to give the colored
soldiers additional advantages to those which the
white soldieis possess will not be a proposition
at which the Senator will smile. It is a proposi-
tion that will take hold of the heart of this country,
and the people will insistthat, while they may be
put on a footing of equality,they shall not be put
upon a supenor footing to the white soldiers in
the Army.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, in the good
