2662
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
do not act'Iike the banks who take deposits, with
other business, and pay the depositors on demand,
and loan the deposits on their own account. These
savings banks of which we speak do nothing of
that kind; but merely take money and loan or
invest it for the depositors.
Mr. HALE. I was going to suggest that the
words "or invest" should be inserted after
"loan." '
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to say
"loaning or investing the same."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if that would not allow them to invest in bills of
exchange, and do that kind of business.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment says
"and do no other banking business whatever."
Mr. TRUMBULL. But they are authorized
to invest; may they not invest in bills? That is
the chief business done by banks in the West.
Mr, COLLAMER. But ordinary banks and
western bankers taltc deposits, and in vest them for
themselves, buy bills of exchange, and all that;
but it will be observed that that is not done for
the depositors: it is done by the bank or banker;
and they are held to the depositor for his deposit
any way. That is not the case with our savings
banks. They merely take the money from the
depositors and loan or invest it for them, and get
What they Can on it for the depositors, and if they
lose it the depositors lose.
Mr, HALE. Let me state to the Senator from
Illinois that in the town in which I live we have
a small savings bank and its funds amount to over
half a million belonging to the workmen there,
and the females who workin our mills. It is fre-
quently the cuse that those deposits are so large
that there is no demand for them by which they
can be loaned, and they invest them in the five-
twenty and other bonds of the United States. I
want simply to preserve that.
Mr. COLLAMER. The word " invest" will
cover that.
Mr. HALE. Certainly it will cover it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont if there are any banks in
the' eastern States doing a business such as is
specified in this amendment; that is, receiving spe-
cial ijeposits and loaning them specially for the
particular depositor. If the amount is lost does
the particular depositor making the deposit lose
the money, or is it « gtmeial loss?
Mr. COLLAMER. The word "special" is
not used in my amendment. I wi,ll state to the
gentleman what is the character of the banks that
exist that I am talking about. A general net in
moot of the States empowers certain corporations
to to this business; or by legislation (hero is a
corporation established to carry on a savings
ounk. There are a president, four or five direct-
ors, and a treasurer. They have no banking
house in the country geneially; in some of the
large cities they have a building. They receive
deposits, from fifty cents and upwards, from the
laboring people almost entirely, people who work
in our factories; they deposit their savings there.
The directors act as n mere matter of charity—
they are paid nothing; the president is paid noth-
ing. They meet once a week, living in the neigh-
borhood of the bank. They pay nothing except
to the treasurer; they pay him far keeping the
accounts. They appoint a committee of invest-
ment from their own body. They receive de-
posits, and give to every person that deposits a
iittle book of deposit in which is entered what is
put in. Whenever n depositor brings his book
and wants any of his money, he is paid on the
book being presented, and it is entered on the
book how much he has taken out. I believe in
the city of Boston there is one institution where
they take ten cents. I believe most of them, if
not ull, limit the amount of deposits; they will
not take more than tenor twenty dollars from the
same person at the same time. They loan the
money out as well as possible They desire to
have a lengthy loan. They will, say, lend a man
on six months or a yeaj on a good note with un-
derwriters, when ail ordinary bank would lend
him only for sixty days. In order to get their
money out they make long loans; they do not
want U coming bark on their hands; they want
as little trouble as possible. Sometimes they
have a quantity on hand; money ia plenty and
they cannot lend it. Then they will go and buy
United States bonds, or they will buy a share in
some good bank, and in that way keep their ac-
count, and render it annually, and report it to the
State under oath. They have nothing to do with
buying or selling exchanges or doing banking
business. If they make an investment with some
of their deposits in a mortgage which turns out
to be bad, or if they have taken a man's note with
underwriters to it that were not good, and they
lose it, that makes the balance less and it is de-
ducted from the whole amount deposited; the de-
positors lose it. The directors have no interest
about it one way or the other. They do the best
they can. The money is lent for the depositors. I
do not mean that if a man puts in a quarter of a
dollar they lend that twenty-five cents by itself; but
they lend whatever they have in hand, and upon as
good security as they can get; they do not mean
to take any but what is good. Sometimes they
fail, and in that cose there would be a loss. After
paying their treasurer for his attention to the
books, they divide what is made among the de-
positors. Our regular rate of interest is six per
cent., and they generally divide about five per
cent, in New England,and they pay it to all that
leave their money in three months^ If they draw
it out short of three months they get no interest.
I have now described to the gentleman,as well
as I can, the great number of these institutions,
and what their course i3.
Mr. HENDERSON. The only difficulty that
suggested itself to my mind, and it stilT presents
itself, is that banks of this character may receive
very large deposits, and indeed may loan their
money, and, as suggested by the Senator from
Illinois, may actually make investments in bills,
and in that way large deposits may be actually
made in the savings banks and the^may take off
a very large amountof business from other bank-
ing institutions, so that in reality they would pay
no tax. I suppose investments in bills could be
made by them, and investments in loans, and it
would be just as profitable to a party making the
deposit to put it there as in any other banking
institution whatever. I have no objection to the
design of the Senator; I think that it is altogether
proper that institutions of the character lie has
described should be exempted; but at the same
time I think he ought to limit the amount of de-
posits, or further describe them, so that there could
be no difficulty such as I suggest,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say to the
Senator that these banks are nothing more nor
less than this: if he has $50 or $100 which he
wants to lend, or $500 if you please, (though tl*y
generally limit the amount they receive,) instead
of investing tt himself in a mortgage on real estate
or in United States bonds, or anything else, he
[nits it into the hands of a savings bank and they
' collect the interest for him, and pay it over to him.
Mr. HENDERSON. The only question is
whether the words used will apply simply to sav-
ings banks proper. 1 have no objection to the
design.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do no business of
any other kind or description except to collect
the interest and pay it over to the depositor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought I had made it
as definite as I could when I provided that the
savings banks should be those that received de-
posits and loaned them for the depositors. I have
put those words in. It will not apply to cases
where a bank loans its deposits for its own ben-
efit, but only to those which loan them for the
depositors. Our people do not put large sums in a
savings bank as they would in tin ordinary bank.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator from
Missouri further that those banks generally will
not take large sums oil deposit, because they are
liable to be called on for them.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me suggest that the
amount of deposits be limited, so as to apply
simply to a savings bank such as has been de-
scribed by the Senator from Vermont. There is
some fear that this provision may take an im-
mense amount of money away from taxation.
Parties may go on depositing large sums in these
banks; there is no limitation in the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a savings bank
in Boston that takes deposits of ten cents, and yet
they amount to millions of dollars in the aggre-
gate.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose you limit it to
those savings banks where the deposits are under
$100 each.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is true thjy. such an ex-
ception as the Senator from Vermont proposes
will take from taxation a large amount of money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will see that
it does not take a dollar from taxation. It pays
its five per cent, just like everything else. These
banks pay the five per cent, on their dividends
like other banks.
Mr. JOHNSON. But they do not pay on de-
posits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because the deposits are
not used.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand very well.
The savings banks throughout the United States
must have now what may be considered as cap-
ital, although it is in their hands in the name of
deposits, ^ome two or three hundred million dol-
lars. I think the savings banks in the New Eng-
land States, from a statement which I saw not
long ago, and which came before me in the con-
sideration of a case which I argued, have a deposit
of about one hundred million dollars. In New
York and Pennsylvania and Maryland the de-
posits are very large. In Maryland no depositor
is authorized to deposit beyond a certain amount,
but he may go on depositfng that amount from
day to day or week to week as the regulations
may be until he may have hundreds of thousands
of dollars to his credit. That money is loaned
out by the managers of the institutions, who get
no pay. It is loaned out justintheway in which
the Senator proposes that these loans are to be
made which are to operate as an exception to the
right of taxing. They loan them out on mort-
gage, and they invest them in United States se-
curities or in State securities. They do not do a
banking business in the general acceptation of
that term.
What occurred to me, and I think I suggested
it some two or three days ago, was to exempt
from this tax only such of these savings banks
whose deposits on the average of a year do not
exceed some twenty or thirty thousand dollars.
The savings banks in the city of Baltimore now
I think have about three, perhaps four million
dollars on deposit. The State taxes them. The
question in the case to which I alluded just
now made it ncccssary, as 1 thought, to examine
into the amount which these banks held. It was
a case in which the State undertook to tax that
portion of the deposits which the bank had in-
vested in United States securities, such securities
as are upon their face exempted from taxation.
The court decided that that could not be done;
but the State taxes are all paid. I do not know
how it may be in other States.
Mr. COLLAMER. My State would have no
more idea of taxing these savings banks than it
would of taxing contributions for the support of
the poor.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understand,butyou do
not deal in as large figures as we do in the cities.
Your savings banks, I suppose, have some thirty
or forty thousand dollars on deposit each.
Mr. COLLAMER. Less than one hundrod
thousand dollars each.
Mr. JOHNSON. But our savings banks, and
I suppose it is so in Boston and New York, have
millions of dollais.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
a question. Suppose the people who deposit their
money in the savings banks should withdraw it
and loan it out themselves on bond or mortgage
as individuals, is there any way of taxing it?
Mr. JOHNSON. You might tax mortgages.
We tax mortgages in our State; we tax the moit-
gagor and mortgagee too. But that is not the
ground on which we tax the savings banks. We
tax them on the ground that their charter enables
them to do the business. We tax tliem because
the franchise under which they are permitted to
aggregate their money in this way, and loan it
out so as to get a dividend of five per cent., is
granted by the State. They could not do it with-
out that franchise. We suppose, therefore, in
Maryland, that there is as much right to tax a
savings bank as any other bank.
I admit, with the Senator from Vermont, that
it would be very hard to tax those poor people,
who from time to time deposit their small earn-
ings in a savings bank, and who pay taxes in
other ways, for whatever they buy of taxable
property is taxed in their hands. 1 am not to be
! understood as maintaining the policy of the tax
