1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
59
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
■ SBiNATE.
the southern rights men in Kentucky never really
amounted to a political organization. At the be-
ginning of this rebellion, in the election of dele-
gates to a border State convention, one portion of
the candidates were called " Southern Rights"
and the other "Union." The "Southern Rights"
ticket,however, was withdrawn,and the "Union"
ticket was elected without opposition. There
might have been in some localities immediately
after that some little party designation of that kind;
but let me tell the Senate the southern rights men
of Kentucky were, with a'few exceptions, Peace
Democrats. Many men who belonged to other
political organizations heretofore now agree with
them in sentiment. They were for the Constitu-
tion and the Union, were opposed to secession,
were opposed to a dissolution of the Union, and
they thought the only way in which that could
be prevented was by peaceable means, by nego-
tiation, compromise, and concession between the
North and the South. They thought that war
would result in a dissolution of the Union. It
was because of their fervid devotion to the consti-
tutional Union that they opposed the war. They
believed that war would cause the loss of hun-
dreds of thousands of valuable lives; that the
country would be laid waste, towns and cities
destroyed; that untold millions of property would
be destroyed; that it would result in the demorali-
zation of our people; in a national debt of thou-
sands of millions; in heavy and ruinous taxes
upon the labor of the people that would consume
and exhaust their substance; in an overthrow of
the Constitution; in the destruction of the rights
of the States; in a dissolution of the Union; in
the loss of the liberty of the people; and in the
prostration and ruin of both the North and the
South.
The organization that put Mr. Wickliffe for-
ward as a candidate was the Democratic party
under its old name and under its old flag.
In this report the committee impugn the loyalty
of Mr. Wickliffe; and upon what ground? Mr.
Wickliffe was one of the iirstand stanchest Union
men m theState of Kentucky.- In the other end of
this Capitol he voted men and money to carry on
the war; and he never failed to do so until the last
session, when he voted against an appropriation bill
because the House would not insert a clause in it
that the money should not be used lor the purpose
offreeing negroes and reducing States to provinces.
It is well known that Mr. Wickliffe was a strong
and warm fiiend of the war up to that time, until
he thought the radical policy of the President was
such as would destroy every hope of the restora-
tion of the Union. He has never indicated an
opposition to the w$r. He did vote against one
appropriation bill, and assigned the reason I have
stated; which, in my judgment, was a good and
valid reason. Up to that time, however, I believe
he voted all the men and all the money the Ad-
ministration desired. When I say " all," I mean
he generally voted in that way.
Well, sir, that sterling old patriot became the
candidate of a party that were prevented from ex-
ercising the right of suffrage in Kentucky; and in
order to justify that outrage and tlie striking of
his name from the polls by the ruthless hand of
the military, this committee say he is disloyal.
I have no doubt if an angel of the Lord had ap-
peared before the Committee on Military Aifairs
and told them there had been military interference
in the elections in Maryland and Kentucky, that
it was seen and known by all who were present
at the polls, the writer of the report of the com-
mittee would have asserted that the angel was dis-
loyal. Every man—I do not care how elevated
his position or upright his standing in society, or
how devoted he may have been in the past or the
present to the Union—who asserts that there was
interference in the elections, the committee say is
disloyal, or they impute some unworthy motive
to him.
In the letter addressed to Governor Wickliffe,
requesting him to become a candidate, occurs this
sentence;
"The Government has no more light to disregard the
constitutions and laws of the States than the States have
to disregard the Constitution and laws of the United Slates."
This proposition I did not suppose any con-
stitutional lawyer would doubt. That both the
States and the Federal Governmentaresovereign
in their sphere, has been uniformly held by con-
stitutional lawyers and the courts. It certainly
follows that the'General Government has no right
to encroach upon the reserved rights of the States,
and the States have no right to exercise the pow-
ers delegated to the General Government. The
erudite writer of the report from the Committee
on Military Affairs says this is " the precise doc-
trine of the nulhfiersof 1832, and the very essence
of secession." It is neither nullification nor
secession, but a sound constitutional principle.
The committee ask, who -are to judge between
them? I answer, the courts.
The committee, in their report, most shame-
fully misrepresent the statements made in the ad-
dress concerning the elections in Kentucky. The
writer of the report claims to have carefully read
the address. In speaking of the address the com-
mittee say:
" It narrates with an airof sorrow the fact that in August,
1862, Governor Magoffin, of Kentucky, resigned his execu-
tive truht for tlie purpose of lcheving the people, and es-
pecially that portion of them Known a* southern rights
men, who had been the peculiar objects of persecution."
It is not true that the address narrates the fact
of tlie resignation with an air of sorrow. The
address states the reasons which rendered the
resignation of Governor Magoffin and the ap-
pointment of Governor Robinson desirable, and
adds:
"These events gave rise to the most pleasing anticipa-
tions, which were strengthened by the first acts of the new
regime."
Now,sir, in the report, W. A. Dudley, J. H.
Harney, the editor of the Louisville Democrat,
Judge W. F. Bullock, Judge J. F. Bullitt, Nat.
Wolfe, R.R. White,and Dr. R. C. Palmer,strong
Union men, who signed the address to the people
and the Congress of the United Slates, are de-
nounced as disloyal merely because they do not
concur with the Committee on Military Affairs on
this subject of the interference of the military in the
elections in Kentucky. They knew that the
military did interfere; they had the proof of that
interference; many of them saw it; and as honest
and brave men they dared to soy it. They dared
to arraign in proper language the usurpation of
the military for their atiocious conduct in over-
throwing the right offree speech and free suffrage;
and to break the force of their declarations, the
committee have nothing in reply but to impeach
their loyalty. Why, sir, two or three of the gen-
tlemen who signed that address were membets oi
the Legislature for the last two years, and one of
them at least cast his vote for the expatriation
law of Kentucky to prevent rebels from voting.
The signers of the address, upon which the com-
mittee make such an unfair, unjust, and unwar-
rantable assault, are the peers m every respect,
socially, morally, and intellectually, of the Mili-
tary Committee of the Senate; no assault coming
from that committee cart injure them or tarnish
their reputation for patriotism, truth, honor, or
veracity in any community where the parties are
known.
The gentlemen whose names are signed to the
address are all denounced, or at least it is inti-
mated that they are disloyal and unworthy of con-
fidence and trust. Sir, among those names are
the names of the most unflinching Union men in
America. Thev are for the old Union as it was
with the Constitution as it is. They are not like
some of the members of the committee who make
this report,for the Union only upon the condition i
that slavery shall not exist in it. j
Mr. President, let us look a little further. The j
committee in this report say that the evils com- j
plained of in the address of the gentlemen whom |
I have named in Kentucky are merely imaginary. I
I will read that part of the report: !
" So far as the committee have been able to ascertain, the i
evil which the bill is intended to remedy is almost wholly 1
imaginary; and the fact that there is s-o little ical ground for '
complaint against the military, eonsiduiing the teenes of •
excitement and disoider in which they have been com- f
pelled to intei pose, speaks loudly in piaisf of their justice j
and loibeasancc.and i  high evidence of the impiopriety of I
pacing the bill." |
Sir, let me say that honorable committee were I
never more mistaken in their lives than when j
they ptomulged the sentence just quoted, in ;
the documents that were before the committee the }
proof is abundant that the military did interfere i
and that gross violations of law took place in the I
Kentucky and Maryland elections, as. J shall
presently show.
I will call the attention of the Senate for a few
moments to the military orders in Kentucky.
The orders that prevented a free election in Ken-
tucky were issued by various post commanders
and commanders of districts in different parts of
theState. General Boyle,commanding tn west-
ern Kentucky, on the 25th of July, 1863, issued
an order concerning seizing and impressing pri-
vate property for military purposes, in which he
instructed his officers that when it became neces* 1
sary to take private property for the use of the
Army, those who were regarded as rebel sympa-
thizers and who were opposed to a vigorous pros-
ecution of the war, and furnishing men and money
for that purpose, should be first taken, and vouch-
ers should be given to them marked " loyal" or
"disloyal." General Hartsuff issued a similar
order in eastern Kentucky. It was said through-
out the State by the party opposed to the Wick-
liffe ticket that their votes at the polls would be
regarded as evidence as to whether they sympa-
thized with the rebels or not. The fact of such
orders being issued, and the general impression
being spread in the community that those wlio
voted the Wickliffe ticket would be regarded rebel
sympathizers and their property taken for mili-
tary purposes, prevented hundreds of men from
voting.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator refer to
military orders?
Mr. POWELL, Yes, sir; to the military or-
ders of General Boyle and General Hartsuff, the
one commanding in eastern and the otherin west-
ern Kentucky, which are made a part of this ad-
dress.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator produce
such an order?
Mr. POWELL. 'Yes, sir, I intend to produce
it,and 1 intend to make it and all the military or-
ders to which I refer a part of my speech. I shall
produce every order to which I refer. Fortu-
nately I have all that I desire to refer to in my
possession. I will state furthermore that the com-
mittee had these orders, and all the orders to which
I shall allude, in their possession when they made
their report.
It was stated generally throughout the State,
as every man in Kentucky at all acquainted with
affairs there at that time knows, that these or-
ders 
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope the Senator will allow
me one word, as it is necessary to a clear under-
standing of the facts that he states. I understand
the Senator to say that some military man in Ken-
tucky issued an order to this effect, that the way
in which the elector voted would be the proper
mode of determining whether he was a loyal or a
disloyal man. It was that order which I asked
him to produce, if he has such a one.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps I misunderstood the
Senator.
Mr. POWELL. I did not say such an order
had been issued.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator to
say such an order was issued.
Mr. POWELL. My statement is that such
orders weie issued as I have referred to.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will excuse me.
I deny that there was any such order issued; and
I put the Senator from Kentucky upon that issue
to produce the evidence of the fact which he
asserts.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator is denying some-
thing I did not assert. I have stated to the Sen-
ator that I did not say the order went to the ex-
tent that he understood. My statement was that
orders were issued in tlie eastern and western de-
partments of Kentucky saying that when neces-
sary to take private property for the Army, it
should be taken from those who were denominated
"sympathizers with the rebellion," and that
those were classcd as rebel sympathizers who were
opposed to the war, and to furnishing men and
money to carry it on. I said, in addition to that,
that it was said throughout the State that the poll-
books would indicate who were rebel sympathiz-
ers; that ail who voted for Wickliffe would be
classed as rebel sympathizers. That is what 1
said.
