THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B.
G.
Thirty-Eighth Con
gress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 36, 18G4.
New Series No. 41.
old days of peace, in the slaveholding States the
negroes had holiday every Saturday afternoon,
and as all persons are now equal before the law,
I think we are entitled to it. ^Laughter.] But
half of the afternoon has already been spent in
the service of our colored friends. Still, if we
can have a vote soon upon this proposition, 1 shall
not submit the motion which when I rose I in-
tended to submit, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, let us finish it.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not make the motion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make an
appeal to the Senatorfrom Wisconsin. We have
the spectacle presented to us to-day of a mass of
people, every one of them loyal, enlisting in the
armies of the United States under officers of a dif-
ferent race, and willingly so enlisting. We have
presented to us the fact that those men, of a dif-
ferent race from ourselves, are enlisting with a
knowledge that if captured by the enemy they
are not to be treated as prisoners of war. They
are enlisting in a body whenever they have the
opportunity; and at a time like this,for us to at-
tempt to discriminate against them seems to me
to be highly unjust and highly impolitic. It isa
spectacle never before witnessed. The announce-
ment that persons captured were not to be treated
as prisoners of war, if made to our race, would
have stopped enlistments; and yet these men are
coming in, confident that this Government will
finally compel a recognition of their rights.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I merely wish
to make one remark to call the attention of the
Senate to a fact which shows the incongruity of
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and! presume the Senator isnotawareof the fact
which I am about to mention, or he surely would
not have brought forward this amendment. In
point of fact, the regiments numbered one and three
in Louisiana are composed of freemen, not old
slaves, but of men who were born freemen, with
wives and families; and yet (hose two regiments
would come under the provision of the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin, and they would
be reduced to a pay of nine dollars a month.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend is mistaken.
The proclamation did not apply to the district
where they were enlisted. They were enlisted
whore the proclamation did not apply.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, I think, is mis-
taken.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think not. They were
enlisted in New Orleans.
Mr. SUMNER. The regiments were enlisted
in Louisiana; and the Senator carries a doubt into
the question of their pay. I have been assured
this morning by a colonel of one of those regi-
ments that these are persons who were born free-
men. The Senator assumes that they might have
been enlisted in New Orleans. It does not follow
from any knowledge that we have that they were
enlisted as the Senator supposes. At any rate,
his proposition if adopted by Congress would
throw a doubt over the question of their pay.
But I will not ^o into any discussion of the
merits of this measure. The Senatorfrom Wis-
consin concluded his first rematks on the propo-
sition by sententiously saying that he regarded it
as strictly just. I content myself with saying
that I regard it as strictly unjust.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As a question has arisen
in relation to the amount with which the blank
is filled, and some suggest that it had better he
three dollars instead of four dollars, I shall amend
the proposition by inserting three dollars instead of
four dollars. And as the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts raises a question whether it may not apply to
freemen with families, I am willing to insert
" those who have been slaves and are enlisted."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified upon the suggestion of
the mover.
The amendment was rejected.
41
Mr. POWELL, (at five minutes to three
o'clock.) I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer this amendment to
come in at the close of the joint resolution:
And that all recruiting officers of colored troops already
mustered into the service or hereafter to be mustered into
the same biiall be entitled to tile same premium allowed to
recruiting officers ol oilier troops.
As the law stands now recruiting officers are
allowed nothing for the recruits that they procure
for the regiments of colored troops—I believe not
a cent. This state of the law has operated in
some instances to produce great hardships to the
recruiting officers, and has occasioned heavy
losses in several instances that have come within
my own knowledge. And as it seems to be the
desiie and purpose of the Senate to put the col-
ored troops and the white troops of the United
States on the same footing, I can certainly see no
reason why the recruiting officers of colored
troops should not he placed on the same footing
with those of white troops,and it is for this pur-
pose that I offer the amendment. As I have said,
there are many cases of very severe hardship
which have grown out of the fact that recruiting
officers of colored troops receive no compensation
in the shape of premium.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to amend by strik-
ing out al! after the enacting clause 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
proposition applies to the body of the joint reso-
lution it is not now in order. If it applies simply
to the amendment moved by the Senator from
Michigan, it is m order; if it embraces other por-
tions of the resolution, it is not in order.
Mr. COWAN. I propose my amendment as
a substitute for the whole resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it is not
in order at this time. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator fiom Michigan.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to suggest to
the Senator from Michigan that he should limit
his amendment. It is notrightcertainlytoallow
recruiting officers in the disloyal States, where
when our Army moves these men are recruited by
the thousands, the same fees as in the loyal States,
It would become a source of wonderful profit.
They will be rcciuited by thousands and tens of
thousands.
Mr. HOWARD. It is very possible that there
may be an inconvenience of that sort growing out
of the amendment, and I will submit a further
amendment, that it be at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of War.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. GRIMES. I would like to know if the
Senatorfrom Michigan intends that this provision
shall be letro.spective?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. To apply to the seventy regi-
ments now in seivice?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I tiust it will not be adopted,
then.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to hear the
amendment imported. I did not hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be re-
ported as modified by the mover.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Ami that .ill u'ciuittnix otheeis of eoloied troup« already
mu-teied into Uiu setvice or li'-rcaftci to be musteied into
the i-ame shall be entitled to the same premium allowed
to reciiatins r« of other tioop-, at the discietion of
the SeereUiy o) Wat.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This amendment
ought not to pass. I desire to say to the Senate
that the first regiment of Kansas colored troops
were raised by one swoop; just by sending out
patrols they were brought right in. The recruit-
ing officers of that regiment, who really had no
duty to discharge, will receive pay that they
ought not to receive under this amendment. Al-
though I would be glad to have it done so far as
profit to my State is concerned, I must say that it
would be highly unjust.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Kansas
will observe that the whole subject is left to the
discretion of the Secretary of War. If a fact of
that sort should be brought to his knowledge, as
a matter of course he would be cautious how he
applied the rule, but as a general rule it seems to
me that it is correct. I know of a single instance
where a recruiting officer of colored troops has
almost ruined himself in consequence of the un-
dertaking which he assumed, to raise a regiment
of colored troops, from the very fact that he could
not obtain any compensation whatever in the
shape of premium.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It places a very great
temptation before me. I raised a regiment of
troops in the way that I say, as commissioner of
recruiting for the Govern ment, by just one swoop,
and as commissioner of recruiting I should be
entitled to these fees. I do hope that the amend-
ment will not be entertained.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator would not be
entitled to the money if that fact should come to
the knowledge of the Secretary of War, because
he would administer the law, I suppose, with
equity.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think the temptation
should not be held out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to strike on tall after
the enacting clause and insert this amendment:
That from and after the passage of this resolution, the sol-
diers of the United States of America oi the t>ame grade and
service shall be entitled to the same pay, rations, and pen-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. I have an amendmentto offer
to the original proposition, which will be in order
before the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, being to perfect the original resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in or-
der. No question can be taken upon substituting
the proposition of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania
for the original resolution until amendments to
the resolution itself shall have been exhausted.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to take advantage of
the suggestion of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Collamer,] and I offer this amehdment:
Provided, That m aii cases of past service, where it shall
appear to the satisfaction ot the Secretary of War by the
actual papers oi enlistment, that such persons wercenli&tcd
as volunteers under the act of July, 1861, the pay promised
by that act shall be allowed from tlie commencement of
such bervice.
I «ask for the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nnys were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I merely wish to say a
word in relation to what the gentleman has said
about consulting my suggestion. If he would
take my whole suggestion, it would do. That was
that if the Government should refuse to pay men
according to their enlistment papers under which
they were mustered in, there should bean act re-
lating to that special case directing them to do it;
but it should not be ingrafted into any general
law.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that if this were
submitted as an independent proposition I should
vote for it; but I have steadily voted against in-
cumbering this bill with any propositions that
have come in from differentquarters; and I intend
to continue to do so until we get it through.
Mi. SUMNER. This can be no incumbrance
to the bill; it will help to make the bill lighter.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^is. Anthony, C'ai hie. Comics-, Dixon, Fos-
ter, iiowaul, Lane ol Kaunas, Moiyun, Pomeioy, Ramsey,
i Spiague, c5umner,Ten r.yek, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
ton— 16
NAYS—Me^r*. Btirkalew, Collamer, Cowan, Davis,
Doolittle.Fes-enden, Foot, (Jurors, Ilailan, Harris, llend-
| ricks, lJoYveJohn^on. Powell, "Kiddle, Siiul&bury, Sherman,
; Tiumbnll, Van Winkle. Willej, and Wright—21.
i So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING 0 FFICER. If there be no
| further amendment either to the original resolu-
tion or to the proposed substitute, the question
now is on the amendment moved by the Senator
