-60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Oom.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
General Burnside, on the 31st of July, issued
an order placing Kentucky under martial law, and
among other things declaring-:
. ,i(As it is not the intention of the commanding general
to interfere with tfye proper expression of public opinion,
all discretion in the conduct of the election will be, as usual,
i  the hands of the legally appointed judges at the polls,
who will he held strictly responsible that no disloyal per-
son be allowed to vote, and to this end the military power
Is.ordered to give them its utmost support.
" The civil authority, civil courts, and business will not
be suspended by this order. It is for the purpose only of
protecting, if necessary, tho rights of loyal citizens and the
freedom of election."
General Burnside issued that order, as he states
in a preamble to it, to preventthe rebel troops in-
terfering in the election. There was no necessity
for that order. At tho time it was issued there
were not in Kentucky more than about a thou-
sand rebel soldiers, and they were cavalry in one
portion of the State in rapid retreat; and on the
day of election there were no confederate soldiers
in the State. General Burnside at that time had
under his command, it is said, fifty thousand men
in Kentucky; so that when he issued that order
there was no necessity whatever for it. The
phraseology of the order itself, except that clause
of it which says that he will hold the judges re-
sponsible, is in about as mild language as it could
be under the circumstances.
But the committee on to say that General
Burnside had the authority and the power, and
it was necessary to make that order placing Ken-
tucky under martial law. That I deny. I will not
now discuss the question as to whether General
Burnside had the power to declare martial law. It
is well known to the Senate that 1 hold there is
no power in the Government, in the Piesident, or
any of his commanders, to declare martini law;
bu t if it did exist it should bo confined to besieged
cities and localities occupied by the Army, lint
certainly there is no power to declare martial law
in the adhering States, when they are not occu-
pied by the forces of the enemy.
It will be observed that the orders of General
Boyle, Gcneial Hartsuif, General Shackleford,
Colonel Foster, Lieutenant Colonel Johnson,Gen-
eral Asboth, and others, wore issued before Gen-
eral liurriside's order placing the State under mar-
tial law; so the excuse made by tho committee in
their report that the State was under martial law
cannot avail those officers.
General Bui nsule plainly and palpably violated
tin- Constitution of ins country when he issued
that order interfering with elections. He says
(lie [mi|H).ie was to prevent the rebels interfering
iii elections ill Mint State. Let me ask, did the
Governor of Kentucky invite General Burnside
to hi ins his forces there to protect the election?
No,sir. The Legislature did not do it; the Gov-
entoi, in the language of the day a loyal man,
never invited luiu to do it. Governor Robinson
li.nl no apprehension about the freedom of election
tiieie iiont lebel sources. I will read the preamble
to this order of General Burnside:
•• U'heieas the .^late ol Keiituekv is invaded by a rebel
jiuee vv ills tin' awm'ed intention uf ovciuwing UlC judges
0 l' i oi' iiiliiiddalmi,' liie ley,it voter*., keeping them
ti'im      towui!; tlie election of disloyal eamli-
d.it<M at Uie election uii ilie od of August; and whereas tile
niililaiv |io\\cr uf tlie Cuvcjiimout is the only loree that
>',iii dele,it tins atteui|)t, the State of Kentucky is hereby
(I'rl.in'd under in.ntial law, mid all military ofiieeis aie
i'ri:nm,uii!"d 1" aid the eme-titnEed authorities of the dtatt'
in snppoit of the laws and fd' the pini'v o! as de-
fined in ilie late proclamation of in.-i Excellency Covcrnor
it'ibin .on."
I intend to show, find that too from tho proof
th uwih I/cfort' the Committee on Military Attains,
thai 111e proclamation of General Burnside was
not ennied out as lie made it; that lug subordi-
nates violated hi« proclamation and tho proclama-
tion of Governor Robinson which ho made a part,
of U; and General Burnside, notwithstanding the
fn<'t was published thionghout the whole State
joat his subordinates had violated his proclama-
tion and the pioclamation of the Governor, never
erfMiiml or punished one of them for it, so far as
1 am advised.
(rovc'ino! Robinson issued a proclamation on
tlit; 10th of July concerning- the elections, and he
nf\u lied to it a .statute law ofthe Wtate of Kentucky
emiih'd " An act to amend chapter fiftrrn of the
Krv is.■(! Smfuies, entitled 'Citizens, Expatriation,
ami Alien,-;,'" That art of the Legislature de-
Uaicd aii prisons who had been or were engaged
in the rebel armies or who had held office under
the provisional government of Kentucky, or had
given the rebels aid, expatriated*, and that they
were not entitled to any privileges of a citizen of
the State after the act took effect. It took effect
on the 11th of April, 1862. It was passed on the
11th of March, 1862, to take effect thirty days
after its passage. That is the law of Kentucky.
There could be no excuse then that there was no
law of Kentucky to prevent rebels from voting.
But, sir, was the proclamation of the Governor
of the State, inviting the attention of the judges
of the election to that law, and directing them to
enforce all the laws of the State, enforced by the
military authority ? I answer that it was not. The
Committee on Military Affairs say that it was.
There is a plain issue of fact; and i invite the
Senate to the consideration of the proof. I will
read the statement in the very language of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and then no in-
justice can bedone them. Thecommittee,on the
12th page of their report, say:
" It is enough to say that, notwithstanding the manifest
paity exaggerations and distortions ol lactof tins pamphlet,
if dors not allege that any loyal man who offered to vote lor
a Joynl candidate was excluded or in any way molested by
the military authorities. The orders ofthe subordinate com-
manders were, so lur as they aio embodied in tlie pamphlet,
and so far as we have been able to asceitam, in btriet ac-
cordance with General Jhirnside's order and the statute of
the Slate, winch we have cited ; and the pamphlet admits
that those orders ' were carried out with raio fidelity by
those to whom their execution was nmusted.5 55
The address signed by the gentlemen from Ken-
tucky alluded to docs not admit that the order of
General Burnside was carried out with strict fidel-
ity. The committee are mistaken in that. The
quotation from the address refers, not to the order
of General Burnside, but to the orders issued by
his subordinates, as a refeience to tho address itself
will clearly show. In the addiess they say;
" General Burnside enfbtoes the proclamation fortius pur-
pose oi presoivin" the purity of elections, and (while him-
self thirateuing the judges ot election should they peimit
a di^lojnl \ ot'i to be* east) dtiects that the soUhers shall in-
terfere no fmther than may be neecKsmy to enable the
judges to disehaige their duties under the laws of Ken-
tucky. iiis suboidmates threaten the judges and votcis
with confiscation, am-.n, and impiisomnent, and actually
pHblibh their ordeia and cany out theJrthieat* without pun-
ishment from the general oi remonstrance trom the Gov-
ernor.
That is the charge m the address. Further on
they say:
< The lmlitaiy orders before icfencd to were carried out
with raio fidelity by tliObe to whom their execution was in-
ti u-led.,?
What military orders? The orders of those
subordinates. It clearly refers to them, and it says
they were earned out with rare fideliiy. Many
of thc.se orders were in conflict with the order of
General Burnside. The order of General Burn-
side cites the proclamation of the Governor, and
says that the election must be carried on in obedi-
ence to the law as promuLgcd by the Governor.
The Governor desired the election carried on un-
der and by virtue of the laws of Kentucky, and
in no other way whatever. What are the quali-
fications attached to voters by the law of Ken-
tucky? Under the constitution of Kentucky, all
wiure male persons twenty-one years old, who
have had the necessary residence m their districts,
and who have not been convicted of certain crimes,
aie qualified to vote. The law of expatriation
declares that persons who do, or have done, cer-
tain things enumerated in it, shall be expatriated,
be no longer citizens, and shall not enjoy any of
the rights or privileges of citizens; and whenever
any such person attempts to exercisc any of the
privileges of a citizen he may be required to neg-
ative on oath tho expatriation provided m the act,
and upon his failure or refusal to do so shall not
be permitted to exercise any such right. What,
then, is a voter to do under the law of Kentucky
when he presents himself and demands to vote,
if he should be challenged ? He must swear that
he has not b* en guilty of tho offVnses prescribed in
the statute of March 11,1662; that is, that he had
not been engaged in the service of the provisional
government of Kentucky: that he had not been
in the rebel army,and that he had not given them
aid or assistance since the 11th day of April, 186:2,
the day on which the expatnation law went into
effect. While on the subject of the date of the
passage of the expatriation act, I will remark that
the committee ate iu error when they say that the
proclamation ofGoverrior Robinson "wasplainly
necessary in order to call the immediate and earn-
est attention of the judges of elections as well as
the people to its important provisions, which had
been in force but three months." The date of the
passage of the act is correctly given in the address
as March 11, 1862, and it went into effect thirty
days after its passage. The act had, therefore,
been in force over fifteen months before Governor
Robinson issued his proclamation on the 10th of
July, 1863, and not but three months as stated by
the committee. Itiscorrectly stated in the report
of the committee that Governor Magoffin resigned
in August, 1862, and that this law was passed over
his veto. I cite this as a specimen of the reck-
less misrepresentation of facts by the writer of
the report, in his efforts to strike down the char-
acter of honorable gentlemen, in order to sustain
those in power for a most unlawful and unjustifi-
able assault upon free suffrage.
The proposition, then, is very clear as to who
were legal voters under the law of Kentucky.
General Burnside said that the law must be car-
ried out, as proclaimed by the Governor. What
did his subordinates do? What wen* the orders
issued by his subordinates? Here is an extract
from one of them, issued by Lieutenant Colonel
Thomas Johnson,at Southland, Kentucky, July
16, 1863:
" Judges and eleifcs so appointed are hereby directed not
to place the name of any person on the poll-books to be
voted for at said election who is not a Union man, or who
may be opposed to furnishing men and money foi a vigor-
ous prosecution of the war."
There is appended to that order an oath which
varies from the oath prescribed by the law of
Kentucky. The constitution and laws of Ken-
tucky do not require that a man shall be in favor
of furnishing men and money for a vigorous pros-
ecution of the war to qualify him to hold office.
In that particular tlie order is m conflict with the
law of Kentucky and of the proclamation of Gen-
eral Burnside and Governor Robinson.
Here is also the order issued by General As-
hoih and others, west of the Tennessee river, m
which they carry it still further. General As-
both in his order declares that both candidates
and voters shall swear that they are willing to
furnish men and money for a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war before they are allowed to vote or
stand for office.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator inform me
what pamphlet he is reading from? Is it the re-
port of the committee?
Mr. POWELL. I am now commenting on
the orders from tlie 17th to the 20th page of the
address, which was before the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. What m the pamphlet ?
Mr. POWELL. It is An Address touhe Peo-
ple and Congress of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Tlie .same that was referred
to the committee ?
Mi. POWELL. It was before thecommittee.
Mi. HOWARD. I haw not a copy before me,
and hence I inquire.
Mr. POWELL. I am reading from the address
on the Kentucky elections, which the committee
had before them*, for I do not intend m this con-
nection to use any other evidence than that which
was before the committee. I have other testi-
mony, but I am now dealing with the report of
the committee upon the evidence they had before
them.
I hove here the order of General Shackleford,
issued at Russellvilio, Kentucky,and theorderof
Colonel Foster, issued at Henderson. I have also
the orders issued by Generals Asboth and Huil-
but, west of the Tennessee nver. On the back
of the order of General Asboth is a statement
signed by James S. Martin,colonel commanding
post of Paducah, Chat he hud the order executed
m the counties of McCracken, Guivcs, Callaway,
and Marshall.
From the evidence I have presented, is it not
clear that the committee were mistaken when they
said it was asserted in this address that the order
of General Burnside had been faithfully oas ried
out? They say the very converse, and they give
the evidence and establish it beyond the possi-
bility of a doubt by the official orders of the par-
ties who made them and executed them.
h is apparent fiom the facts set forth in this ad-
dress, notwithstanding the committee say thatno
