1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
6f
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
loyal man was prevented from voting for a loyal
candidate, that such was not the case, t suppose
they will try to avoid this palpable misrepresent-
ation by saying in reply that Mr. Wickliffe and
the other candidates on'his ticket were not loyal.
No such false and slanderous charge against Mr.
Wickliffe and other Democratic candidates will
relieve the committee from this reckless misrep-
ecntation. The proof is abundantin thisaddress
that in many of the counties the name of the whole
Democratic ticket was stricken from the poll-
book by the military authorities. In many vot-
ing places and in entire counties of Kentucky no
man was allowed to vote for that ticket. In the
county in which I live the names on the Demo-
cratic ticket were stricken from or not allowed to
goon the poll-books in three or four of the voting
precincts. That fact is stated in the address. It
is asserted that in one precinct of that county six-
teen votes were cast, all for the Wickliffe ticket.
The military then came there, took the poll-books
from the judges and clerk, returned them to head-
quarters, and stopped the election; and yet the
committee say no loyal man was prevented from
voting for a loyal candidate 1 They establish to
their own satisfaction, I suppose, that Governor
"Wickliffe and the men on the Democratic ticket
were not loyal. They sit in judgment upon the
loyalty of those men, and, for the unworthy pur-
pose of sustaining, justifying, and excusing the
President and the military authorities in the most
flagrant,unconstitutional,unjustifiable, and atro-
cious assault upon the freedom of elections, they
indulge in false and slanderous imputations and
charges against the candidates of the Democratic
party.
Sir, there is abundant evidence of the facts that
I have indicated. Since the beginning of time
there never was a more atrocious assault on free
elections than took place in many of the counties
in Kentucky. In -many places the candidates
were anested. In the first congressional district
Judge Trimble, the candidate for Congress, as
loyal a man and as true to the Constitution and
Union of his fathers as lives in the Union, was
arrested by military authority. He was brought
to the city of Henderson, a town justwithouthis
district, and there he was kept in military con-
finement near a month, until after the election was
over. They told him that if he would decline
being a candidate for Congress, they would re-
lease him. He would not so degrade his man-
hood as to decline the canvass at the bidding of
military tyrants and usurpers, and he was kept
in prison. They found that he would be elected
by a large majority notwithstanding his impris-
onment, and then they sent the military over his
district and had his'name stricken from the polls
in almost every voting precinct in tke district.
The gentleman who beat him got some four thou-
sand votes in a district that polls about twenty
thousand.
That is the way that a Union man was treated.
Yes, sir, Judge Trimble, who has borne the name
of a Union man all the time, who in the eailiest
conflicts in Kentucky was a Union man, was ar-
rested, imprisoned for near a month, and turned
out on the day after the election. With these
facts before them, a committee of this Senate say
that no loyal man was prevented voting for a
loyal candidate! ,
Mr. Andeuson, who now occupies the seat in
Congress from the first district m Kentucky,
frankly acknowledges that he was elected by the
bayonets.
There was also arrested in that first congres-
sional district of Kentucky Mr. Martin, a mem-
ber of our last Legislature, and a Union man. He
was a candidate for reelection in the counties of
Lyon and Livingston. He was arrested and
brought fo the same city of Henderson, without
the congressional district in which he lived, and
he too was confined by the military until after
the election; and then he and Judge Trimble were
both released without any investigation whatever.
The military told them that they would release
them at any'timeif they w<5uld decline being can-
didates. Mr. Martin was beaten because the
military would not allow him to be voted for. I
supnose the committee regard Mr. Martin as dis-
loyal. Mr. Martin, by occupation, was a steam-
bout pilot. ,Be piloted the first gunboat bearing
theflagof theUnited States that went up the Cum-
berland river during this rebellion. That is the
way he exhibited his Unionism. He was elected
as a Union man to our Legislature. He never
was anything else; but, like Judge Trimble, he
did not agree in the abolition notions of President
Lincoln; and for that offense they were stricken
down and arrested by military authority, and
their names stricken by the military from the poll-
books. And yet the committee say that no loyal
man was prevented from voting for a loyal can-
didate !
Mr. Blount Hodge, a true Union man, was a
candidate for the State Senate. He resides in Liv-
ingston county. The military issued orders pre-
venting his name going on the poll-books. These
facts were before the committee when their report
was made.
Mr. President, I will not indulge in any fur-
ther vindication of the honorable gentlemen of
Kentucky who are assailed by the committee.
At home they need no defense; but I will say
here in a single sentence that every charge, every
aspersion, every insinuation against the loyalty,
the patriotism, and the Unionism of those citi-
zens is untrue, and that the committee are utterly
mistaken when they make such charges. Such
was the terrorism that prevailed throughout the
State in consequence of military orders that many
persons were deterred from voting, fearing if they
voted the Democratic ticket their property would
be taken by the military authorities for the use
of the Army. The military not only struck the
names of candidates from the poll-books, but in
many localities swore the voters themselves. Yes,
sir, officers of the Army and those in command
of the soldiers at the polls administered oaths to
the voters. That evidently was in violation of
General Burnside's orders. If the committee had
examined the address they would see further that
it is charged that persons who voted that ticket
were pursued, arrested, and imprisoned. Such
was the terrorism and interference by themilitary
that Mr. Wickliffe, the Democratic candidate for
Governor, in some six or seven of the strongest
Democratic counties in the State, did notget a sin-
gle vote, and in many other strong Democratic
counties he received very few votes.
So much, sir, for the evidence contained in the
address which was before the Committee on Mil-
itary Affdiis when they made this report. I have
shown beyond the possibility of doubt from the
evidence before that committee that they are ut-
teily, wholly, and entirely mistaken in many of
the matters stated as facts in their report. From
the facts a.s we have them here in this address, if
the committee adhere to the piinciple laid down
in the beginning of their report which I have read
they will vote for this bill.
But, Mr. President, fortunately for me and for-
tunately for the country, I have here the proof
taken in a contested election in the second con-
gressional district of Kentucky now pending be-
fore a committee of the House of Representatives,
in which Colonel John II. McIIenry contests the
seat of Hon. George IX. Yeaman on the very
ground that the election was not fair, but was in-
terfered with by the military authority. The evi-
dence m that case I know was not before the
Committee on Military Affairs; but I will say
that the evidence as given by witnesses of the
highest respectability shows that interferences as
great and gieater than is set forth in the address
which was before the Committee took place. It
is proven that men, whom the witnesses testify
were Union men and had always been Union
men, were not permitted to vote tor Colonel Mc-
Henry, who was a candidate for Congiess.
Does anybody doubt the loyalty of Colonel
McHenry? Sir, he has tested his loyalty on well-
I stricken fields. At Fort Donelson and at Shiloh
! he led his icginient into the thickest of the fight
| and bore aloft the banner of the Union. He re-
| ceived the commendations of all his superior ofK-
1 cers. There was no colon0! <'hat field of Shi-
[j ioh that displayed more gallantry, bravery* or
|; skill in the management of his regiment than Col-
'i onel McHenry. And yet, sir, Union men weie
prevented by the military fiom casting their votes
r for him; and I have the evidence before me taken
i j in the contested election to which I have alluded.
![ I repeat, sir, the proof is here, and if any Sen-
ator now or hereafter shall doubt the truth of what
■I have said about these elections, 1 will read the
testimony to the Senate. -
Mr. President, let us look into this-report.so
far as it concerns Maryland. Two thirds of the
report of the committee is devoted to the election
in Maryland. I wish briefly to review the report
so far as the Maryland election is concerned.
The committee have labored in their report to
make a vindication of the President of the United
States, General Schenck, and others for their in-
terference in the election in Maryland; and in
order to do that they assault the Governor of that
Suite. The Governor -of Maryland in his late
message to the Legislature recites the interfer-
ence with the election in that State, and in an ap-
pendix to his message he produces a great deal
of proof, all of which was before the committee.
I will read a few extracts from the message of
Governor Bradford. I am happy to say that sev-
eral members of the committee told me they never
saw the report and did not know what was in it*
I wish I could say that much for all of them.
Mr. DAVIS. Maybe you can.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know whether lean
or not. I should like to say that much for all of
them. It is a report of which the committee and
all honorable men should be heartily ashamed.
The Governor says:
" A few days before that election, a military* order was
issued from the Army headquarters at Baltimore, which in
effect placed the polls under the surveillance and at the
command of the military authority.
UI was the less prepared for any such order, from the fact
that though in frequent personal communication with the
military authonties of the department, I had received no in-
timation whatever of &ueh apiocoeding or of any supposed
necessity for it. In thatpait of the State against which the
movement was to be more particularly directed (the Eastern
Shore) there would seem to have been less necessity, as
there certainly was less semblance ofauthoiity, than else-
where; for while martial law had been proclaimed upon
the Western Shore ot the State in June last, and had not
been repealed up to the day of election, upon the Eastern
Shore it had never been proclaimed at ail."
In the case of Kentucky, the committee justify
the interference in the elections on the ground that
General Burnside had declared martial law in that
State. Martial law seems to have been declared
by General Burnside forthe purpose of givinghis
subordinates and their justifiers an excuse for their
unlawful and, outrageous conduct. As I have be-
fore shown, the orders of his subordinates were
issued before he placed the State under martial
law. On the Eastern Shore of Maryland, Gov-
ernor Bradford tells you, there was no martial law
declared. Therefore General Schenck,and those
acting under his authority, for their doings on the
Eastern Shore of Maryland cannot be shielded
and protected by the panoply of martial law. The
Governor goes on to say, after speaking of the
President modifying the order:
"Piomwent among the provost matshals to whom the
execution of this oider was in pait committed, wcic scv-
gi al who were themselves candidates for*mportant offices.
" These marshals, appointed for the pmpose of the mili-
tia eniollment and dratt, were placed by the law cieating
them under the contiolof the Provost Marshal Geneial, but,
to msiue the right to employ them about tin-, election order,
special authority was obtained horn Wellington to place
them for the time being under the ouleisof the military
authorities."
Herfe we find that these provost marshals, many
of whom were candidates for office, were among
the actors in this scene of interfering with the
elections in Maryland.
" T. therefore,on the Monday evening preceding the elec-
tion, issued a pioeiamation giving them this assurance, a
copy of which isheiewith submitted."
Saying that they must carry out th/5 election in
accoidance with the law.
u Jjcloie the following mousing military o.ders were sent
to the En-tern Slioie diiectitnj'its circulation to be sup-
pieced, the pubhe papers weie torbidden to publish it, and
un embau'o bud on ail the sie-uneis in poll tiading wall
that pail ot the State, lest they might carry it "
Here wc find General Schenck suppressing as
far as he could the circulation of the proclamation
of the Governor to the people of the State. We
I find him laying an embargo on boats and the reg-
i ulor business of the State, for fear they might
i carry this pioeiamation to the people lor whom
! it was intended. What was the icason for this
! interference? Governor Bradford in his message
: and in his proclamation says theie was no nec«*s-
i sity whatever for it. I do not suppose the loyalty
I of "Governor Bradford was ever doubted until in
