2666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
country the physicians carry thoirown medicines,
with them, and compound them, and deal them
out themselves. The druggists or apothecaries
keep medicines for sale. This license would not
extend tb any apothecary unless he was ,one who
prepared ana compounded medicines according
to the prescriptions of physicians and sold them.
For selling other medicines he would not be re-
quired to have any license. I take it the word
" and" there should be " or." Perhaps that will
correct it entirely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case a person
might sell any amount of medicines and be re-
garded as an apothecary. He might sell them by
wholesale.
Mr. COLLAMER. Have you anything in the
bill that covers the case of apothecaries such as
exist in the country generally?
Mr. FlSSSENDEN. That is all there is.
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not cover it.
There are two apothecaries in the town in which
I live. One of them I believe compounds pre-
scriptions when he can get them, but he has noth-
ing to do but to stop that business—and he does
not put up a dozen of them in a year—and he will
not have to pay a license; and yet that man sells
medicines to the amount ofa good many thousand
dollars a year, and does a successful business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I said, if the amend-
ment suggested by the Senatoris made, any per-
son might sell medicincs under the apothecary's
license for ten dollars to any amount.
Mr. COLLAMER. Can he not as the bill
stands now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; because he would
be a wholesale dealer; and that is a much higher
license.
Mr. COLLAMER. The point with me is this:
my apothecaries under this clause would not be
required to have any license. I want them to have
them, arid to pay for them. As the bill stands
now, a wholesale dealer if he follows that busi-
ness would have to take a license for that; but my
apothecary is not a wholesale dealer; still he sells
several thousand dollars'worth a year; and yet he
docs not make up prescriptions forphysicions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think if a comma were
put afierthe word "compounded" it would an-
swer the purpose. It would then read:
Every person who keeps a shop or building where med-
icines are compounded, or piepared according to prescrip-
tions of physicians, &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 would not care if he did
not compound any, if he sold them I would make
him take out a license.
Mr. JOHNSON. What the Senator from Ver-
mont desires could be accomplished by striking
out the word " and" and inserting the words " or
where medicines are." That will do it, and that
is right, too. Otherwise,,if you say " or sold,"
that would apply only to medicines compounded.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would read:
Every person who keeps a shop or building where medi-
cines are compounded or prepared according to preseiip-
tions of physicians and sold."
"Or where medicines are
That would have no dif-
Mr. JOHNSON.
sold."
Mr, FESSENDEN.
ferent effect.
Mr. COLLAMER. None at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to the
amendment if the Senator will look at the clause
more paiticulnrly and move the proper amend-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Gentlemen can see, as it
now is,thattheapothecariesgenerally through the
country could sell up to any amountthat did not
make them a wholesale dealer, and not take out
any license whatever.
Mr. JOHNSON. The difficulty I have is that
if you only leave the words "or sold" in it will
mean that it shall apply only to those that are
compounded or prepared according to the pre-
scription of physicians. They sell a great many
that are not compounded; I suppose ninety-nine
in one hundred in the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The alteration which the
Senator from Vermont proposes would cover that
by inserting the word "or" instead of "and,"
and I do not know but that it is right. At any
rate, I do not object to it.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 will not move to insert
it unless you think it right. On reflection, I will
accept the suggestion of the gentleman from Mary-
land and move in line three hundred and eigh-
teen to strilje out the word "and" and to insert
the words " or where medicines are." So that
it will read:
Every person who keeps a shop or building where medi-
cines are compounded or prepared according to prescrip-
tions of physicians, or where medicines are sold, shall be
regarded an apothecary under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire now to move to
strike out the proviso to section one hundred, on
page 153. Itis the section relating to slaughtered
cattle, swine, and sheep. The section reads in this
way:
Sec. 100. Jind he it further enacted, That there shall be
paid by any person, firm, company, or agent or employe
thereof, tile following duties or taxes, that is to say:
On a'll cattle and calves exceeding three months old,
slaughtered for sale, exccpt when slaughtered for the hides
and tailow exclusively, forty cents per head.
On all cattle and calves under thiee months old, slaugh-
tered for sale, five cents per head.
On all swine slaughtered for sale, ten cents per head.
On all sheep and iambs slaughtered for sale, five cents
per head.
Now comes the proviso. But first I will re-
mark that there is no tax levied in this section on
anything but what is slaughtered for sale. There
is nothing in this section that implies thai a man
may not kill a pigof his own forhis own family;
but it must be something slaughtered for sale;
and yet it goes on with a great proviso, in these
words:
Provided, That cattie, not exceeding five in number, and
calves, swmc, sheep, and lambs, not exceeding in all
twenty in number, slaughtered by any person for ins or her
own consumption, in any one year, shall be exempt from
duty.
Why on earth are they exempt from duty?
There never was anything subject to duty except
what was killed for sale. I think that proviso
should all be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to suggest to
the Senator, since he is looking over the bill for
verbal criticisms 
Mr. COLLAMER. This is not verbal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, as he wishes to get
rid "of n great deal of useless verbiage, what is
the use of defining a lawyer, apothecary, doctor,
and all these sorts of employment in the law, in-
stead of simply saying, "lawyers shall pay so
much," &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it was not anything
worse tlmn that 1 would not say anything about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is simply tautology.
Mr. COLLAMER. That proviso is utterly
inconsistent with the immediate preceding por-
tion of the section. It would lead a person to
suspect that he could not kill a calf or a turkey
for his own use in his own yard without being
subject to this duty, and that we had inserted this
particular exception in the bill in order to allow
him to do so. 1 desire that that proviso be
stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. The whole of it?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then what becomes of the
subsequent provision:
And all sheep slaughtered for the pelts shall pay two
cents only per head.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no use in it, but
if gentlemen wish to save that provision I will
move only to strike out the preceding portion of
the proviso. In my own town I have known
sometimes a man to kill fourteen thousand sheep
for the pelts in one season.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would give us some-
thing.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will give something
if you wish to lteep it in. They kill them not
only for the pelts, !>ut also for the tallow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I enjoy the humor of the
honorable Senator from Vermont very much 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman can show
me any use of that proviso I will sit down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The use intended to be
made of it was this—perhaps it is not verjt well
expiessed—that any person who slaughtered
more than that number of cattle should be re-
garded as slaughtering them for sale; it meant'to
make a liberal allowance for family consumption;
but under the operation of the law it has been
found that persons havingconsiderable of a stock
would slaughter them for their own use and then
sell a very considerable portion in the market, de-
claring that they did not slaughter them for sale,
but slaughtered them for their own use, and in
that way interfering a good deal with the trade.
They slaughter them for their own use at their
farms, and then carry a very large part into market.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was not the intention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may be permitted to
speak of what was intended. When 1 admit it
was not well expressed, I hope my friend will
allow me to state what I understand by it myself.
It would be a little hard to apply that to me, that
I do not know what I meant, although it might
be inferable by my not expressing it right.
The idea was precisely what I say: that it was
found that persons having a very large stock
slaughter in fact a'good deal more than they have
any use for themselves, and sell a very large por-
tion of what they slaughter. The intention and
the effect of this proviso would be and it would
be so construed to mean simply that all cattle
over that amount slaughtered by any one person
shall be regarded as slaughtered for sale and the
duty shall be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all right; but the
intention certainly is not clearly expressed in the
proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That, I am disposed to
admit, and therefore I shall feel obliged to those
two honorable gentlemen who are so critical in
the use of language, if they will suggest some-
thing that will meet the idea more correctly in-
stead of striking it all out, because that is the evil
we intended to remedy.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman did not
draw this provision, and though he thinks that
was the intention, I do not believe the man who
drew it up ever thought of such a thing. It could
not effect the object in that way. Suppose you
say to a man, "If you kill above so much for
your own use, you shall be presumed to kill them
for sale," and he proves that he did not kill them
for sale, then the presumption is done away with.
IIow are you going to raise the question in court?
You prosecute a man, for what? For selling with-
out a license. You would of course be obliged
to prove that he sold them. That would not be
within this proviso. This proviso is that he may
slaughter them for his own use. It could not pos-
sibly have been intended by anybody who drew
it up to cover the idea which the gentleman speaks
of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no license in this
section, and it has no relation to licenses.
Mr. COLLAMER. The man takes out a license
as a butcher; he makes a return.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Besides his license he
pajjs this tax.
Mr. COLLAMER. He makes returns; but the
man who slaughters them does not. I repeat that
I do not wish, nor do I intend, to make any
amendment to this bill which is not entirely sat-
isfactory to the gentleman from Maine. I have
not made any, anil I do not intend to make any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I- am much obliged to
the Senator for what he has done.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is another idea in
regard to that proviso. If it is stricken out,any
man who kills but one and sells it without paying
this duty will be subject to prosecution; and it is
just soif he kills fourteen, no more, no less. The
proviso therefore is totally useless. You will raise
the presumption if he kills fourteen and sells
them, that he was selling with a license, and just
so if he sold one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will move
to stiike out all of the proviso after the word
" that" down to the word "all," in the seven-
teenth line, we will let it go,and see if we cannot
amend it in the committee of conference.
Mr. COLLAMER. Veiy well; I will move
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Vermont proposes
to amend section one hundred, line twelve, by
striking out the following words:
Cattle,not exceeding five ia number,and calves,swine,
sheep and lambs, not exceeding in all twenty m number,
slaughtered by any person for his op her own consumption
in any one year, shall be exempt from duty, and.
So that the proviso will read:
Ptovidcd, That all sheep slaughtered for the pelts shall
pay twe cents only per head.
Mr. CLARK. I have a recollection of this
matter when it was in committee, and 1 think the
difficulty is met by spiking out the words " for
