THE 00N(tRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
February 15,
his accounts, I have retained it until I can complete it,
•wMch I hope soon to accomplish.
liespeetfuliy, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. PETERS, Paymaster.
nag-Officer F. Forrest,
Commander of Naval Station, Norfolk.
The following letters on the subject of the rolls
were addressed by the Fourth Auditor to Pay-
master Boran, and Hon. Jonx Law of the House
of Representatives:
treasury department,
Fourth Auditor's Office, December J 6,1861.
Sir : In reply to your communication of the 14th instant,
I dcsiitj to btate that the rolls of tiie Norfolk ytnd, trans-
mitted by yourself o*  the 15th of July last, aic certified to
by Mr. W. G. Webb, who was clerk of tlx- yard to the 20th
of April last. The official acknowledgment of their receipt
fcears the date of August 5.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II0I3AHT BEiUHAN.
Paymaster E. G\ Douan, fVashington, D. C.
Treasury Department,
Fourth Auditor's Office, December 17, 1861.
Sir; I have the honor to acknowledge the recciptof your
communication of the I5th instant.
In compliance with the request therein contained, I br-g
to melose the letter of Paymaster Edward C. Dorau on
the subject of the pay-rolls of the Norfolk navy-yard.
The sums disbursed on these rolls appear to have been
for balances due for wages which had accrued prior to the
abandonment of the yard, on the 20th of April last.
They arc certified to by Mr. Webb, who was the author-
ized clerk of the yaid.
I have the houoi, sir, to be, respectfully, youi «l>edi<'ut
servant, HOB ART BRURIAN.
Hon. John Law, House of Representatives.
The incomplete roll promised to be sent for-
ward as soon as completed by William H. Peters
has never been received, although Paymaster Do-
ran, who made diligent inquiry hy letter and in
person, of parties in Norfolk, has been informed
that all the rolls had been forwarded to Washing-
ton by Peters. As that roll either failed to airive
or has been mislaid, the exact amount paid on it
cannot bo ascertained.
The accounts, rolls, and vouchers for over one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars, which were
restored to Paymaster Dornn nfier the surrender
of his checks, have been formally audited nnd
settled hy tlie Treasury Department, while the
informality, to wit, the said Peters, rebel pay-
master, being an unauthorized agent of the United
States, and the non-receipt of the one roll alluded
to, prevent the settlement of Paymaster Doran's
accounts from the 1st to 20th of April, 18G1.
Having been frustrated, by events beyond his
control, in making the payments to the employes
of the Norfolk navy-yard, under the arrangement
approved by the Secretary of the Navy, Pay mas-
ter Doran prays Congress for relief, by legalizing
the payments and rolls and vouchers of William
H. Peters for his benefit, and hopes that, in equity",
under the following general order of the Navy
Depm tmont of April 26,1861, relating to balances
due resigned olhcers of tlie seceded Slates, he is
justified in asking for relief to the amount seized
from him, believing that if the missing roll could
bo found it would appear that a large portion of
the balance unaccounted for (§2,115 37) was paid.
Nivv DrriU'rarNT, -'l/irUX, 1 k(;i.
Bui: The nmunntH IiiuiuI lo be due to re-.f<ueil Hthrm
fnmi Mate-, ivln.-li claim to h.-ive ■wi'dol will liiu-ultei lie
paid ttiem t'limi Oil! United .Stales lmid  lieietot'me scut to
or deposited Jll tllos,e Stales, except in caaia wtlerc the
Uepaitiwnt slmll oUieivvibe direct.
i <iin, K'speclfully, year obedient *erv:tnt,
T, . GIDKON WKU.E3.
riio 1'Oimrii Auditor o/tAe Treasmy,
The House bill No. 575 of last Congress author-
izes the accounting officers of the Treasury to
credit X'nymaster Doran, in the settlement of his
accounts, with the sum of $29,381. A letter ad-
dressed (o aiesigned officer by the Fourth Auditor
shows that the order of the Navy Department of
April 26, 1861, was adopted as a rule for the set-
tlement of balances due by the United States to
oftceis who joined tiie seceded States. Paymaster
Doran states that he sustained private losses to
the amount of twelve thousand to fifteen thousand
dollars by the secession of Virginia and the aban-
donment of the navy-yard by our naval forces,
and hopes the committee will take that fact into
consideration in determining their action in his
case.
It appeared to the committee that Paymaster
Doran is entitled to the relief prayed for in his
memorial, and they therefore report this accom-
panying bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the thin} time, and passed.
L. T. CARTEE.
Mr. HARDING. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 19.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S. No.
19) for the relief of L. F. Cartee was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to pay to L. F. Cartee $3,033 50 for
set vices performed in surveys of the public lands
in Oregon in excess of his contract with the sur-
veyor general of Oregon, dated October 14,1860;
but before any payment is made, the work per-
formed by him is to be tested in the field by act-
ual examination, under the direction of the sur-
veyor general of Oregon, and any correction made
necessary to make it conformable to the laws of
the United States and the instructions governing
the surveys of the public lands at his expensif,
and the balance only of the appropriation is to be
paid him after deducting the expense of inspec-
tion and correction, if needed, and when the cer-
tificate of the surveyor general of Oregon is filed
with the Commissioner of the General Land Office
that the survey is complete according to the law
and regulations governing public surveys.
The Committee oil Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment in line twenty, after the
word " correction," to strike out the words " if
neededso that the clause will read:
And the balance onlyof snidnppiopriruion paid him after
deducting stud o.vpenses of inflection and correction, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
wns ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was rend the third lime, and passed.
JOHN L. BURNS.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to postpone all prior
oulrrs and take up Senate bill No. 1, a bill re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions for the
relict <>( John Li. Hums. There iy a very short re-
port accompanying the bill, and if after its read-
ing any Senator objects, I shall not ask for Us
present con.sideraiion.
The motion was ngieed to,and the bill (ft. No.
I) granting a pension to John L. Uurns, of Gettys-
burg, Pennsylvania, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. U diiects the Secretary of
tile Interior to place the name of John L. Bums,
of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, upon the pension
roll, at tin; i ate of eight dollars per month, for patri-
otic services at the battle of Gettysburg, where
he was wounded on the 1st day of July, 18G3, at
which time the pension is to commence.
The Secietaiy read a report made by Mr. Pos-
ter from the Committee on Pensions, winch
shows that it appears from the evidence before
the committee thnt John L. Burns was wounded
at tin- buttle of Gettysburg on Wednesday, tho
1st day ot July, 1863, soon after General Rey-
nolds engaged the enemy. A few days previous
to the battle he volunteered with other citizens to
fell timber upon the mountain near Gettysburg,
west of the town, for the purpose of obstructing
the passes. On the morning of July 1, about ten
o'clock, General Huford became engaged with the
enemy's pickets between one and two miles from
the town. Shortly after the first corps advanced
to the support ol'Geneial Hulord, passing within
sight ot Burns's house on the double quick, Bu-
ford's skirmishers having been driven m. On
seeing this advance Mr. Burns immediately seized
an old musket and hastened to tho battle-field.
He iell into the ranks of the seventh Wisconsin
regiment of the first brigade, honorably known
as the " Iron brigade." Being challenged as to
his purpose, having on citizen's dress, he made
known his desire to fight the enemy, and some one
handed him a rifle. Immediately thereafter tiie
regiment came into action, and charged through
a piece of woods into a small run. Here, how-
ever, the enemy iallied in superior force, and the
regiment gradually fell back through the woods
to a commanding slope, the Summary Hill, in the
rcaroftheirformcrposition. As they were emerg-
ing from the woods, Mr. Burns, in the act of firing
upon a rebel in advance of the enemy's line, re-
ceived a ball in his leg, which brought him to the
ground, where lie lay bleeding freely, unable to
rise. As the first corps fell back to the heights
south of the town, tiie field where Hums lay was
occupied by the enemy. He remained where he
fell all tho nightof July 1, and was carrioUby the
rebels on the morning of the 2d to a house near
the town, where he was recognized by the in-
mates and cared for, and at evening, by permis-
sion of the enemy, was taken to his own resi-
dence, which was used temporarily a^a hospital
by them, and here his wounds were dressed by
a surgeon. It was then ascertained that he had
received five wounds—one in his arm near the
elbow, a flesh wound upon his hip, two cpntu-
sions from spent balls, and the wound in his leg
which disabled him. He was unaware of all these
wounds except the last, but says that lie previ-
ously felt a stinging sensation in his arm during
the nght, and noticed the blood on his hand; but,
supposing it a flesh-wound, kept on fighting, until
the last wound brought him down and disabled
him.
Mr. Burns is in the seventy-first year of his
age; his wife is sixty-five, and in very feeble
health. They have no children but an adopted
daughter, abouttwenty yearsofage, who resides
with them. Mr. Burns sei ved in the war of 1812,
and lias volunteered twice in the present war;
once in the company of Captain (now Colonel)
C. H. Buckler, arid once in the company of Cap-
tain 13. McPhcrson, now Clerk of the House of
Representatives; Captain Buckler thought htm
too old, and declined accepting him. He marched
with Captain McPhcrson to Westchester, the
rendezvous of the company, but failed to pass the
surgical examination on account of age, and re-
turned homo. After being thus rejected from the
military service, he joined General Banks's army
in the autumn of 1861, then near the Potomac
river, and did service through the fall and winter
of 1861 and 1862asa wagonmaster and teamster.
He is a man of exemplary charactei, command-
ing the respect of the community where he re-
sides; and, although many years ago somewhat
I free in his habits as to drinking, he has for some
twenty years past been a strictly temperate man,
not having tasted liquor during that time. He
has no means of support other than his daily la-
bor, and although, owing to a vigoious constitu-
tion, he has in a great measure recovered from
his wounds, yet, in the opinion of the committee,
the granting of a pension is but an act of justice
for gallant and patriotic services, and will furnish
no dangerous precedent; they therefore recom-
mend that this bill do pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALBERT BROWN.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 92.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 02) for the reliefof Albert
Brown.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire whether
there is a report uoon that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. HOWE. I will state to the Senate what
the bill is. There is a report accompanying tho
bill, which has been printed and has been laid on
the tables of Senators, and 1 believe it was read
at length when this bill was before the Senate the
other day. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster) on that occasion offered some objections
to the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I will suggest to the Senator
that I propose to make a motion in regard to this
case, and I am willing to make it now or wait
until he is through with his remarks, just as he
pleases. I shall move that the claim be referred
to the Court of Claims. 1 do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator, but I will suggest that I shall
make the motion now if he gives way for it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 suppose we may just as well
have the motion made now. 1 have lio objection
to its being interposed now, but I shall have some-
thing to say on that motion.
Mr. FOSTER. Then, with the Senator's per-
mission, I will make the motion now, and state
briefly my reasons for it. This is a claim by a
citizen of the United States on a contract made
between lum and the Government through the
quat termastor s department; a written contract
under which he was to furnish a given number of
wagons for a given price under the circumstances
stated in the contract. He claims that he has
complied with the contract and has furnished the
