1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sale" in the fifth, in the eighth, in the ninth, and
in the tenth lines. That is what we intended, for
I recollect particularly discussing the proviso, and
I recollect the question occurring in committee
about a man not being allowed to sell a given
number of sheep, and some of the committee re-
marked that would be'too many.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rather think that depends
on the size of his family.
Mr. CLARK. We concluded that it did.
Mr. COLLAMER. Ifthegentleman will strike
out the -words " for sale" in the previous part of
the section in the clause " slaughtered for sale,"
I have no objection to the proviso standing, and
I withdraw my amendment to ascertain if he will
do that.
Mr. CLARK. I move, in the fifth, eighth,
ninth, and tenth lines of the one hundredth sec-
tion, to strike out the words " for sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to make an
amendment on the 79th page, sixty-eighth section,
in order to make it correspond with an amend-
ment made by the Senator from Vermont to the
fifty-fourth section. I move, in the eleventh line,
after the'word "upon," to strike out "the in-
terest of all persons in default in;" so as to make
the clause read:
And, until such duties with such additions shall be paid,
they shall be and remain a lien upon the distillery where
such liquors have been distilled.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the thirteenth line of
that section I move to strike out the words " or
in" and insert "and upon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the fifteenth line, after
the word " belonging," I move to amend by in-
serting " and upon the lot or tract of land whereon
such distillery or brewery is situate."
Mr. JOHNSON. Sometimes, the Senator will
remember, the site belongs to one man and the
distillery to another.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. The policy of this act is
the same as the former one, and that is to hold
the premises where the work is carried on respons-
ible. There is no other way in which you can
secure it.
Mr. JOHNSON. My idea was that the lien on
the distillery would be sufficient without making
a lien on the land, because the landholder has no
control over it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is made alien on land
in the fiTty-fourth section. The owner of the land
leases it for this purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is pretty hard, though.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer an amendment on the
190th page, at the end of section one hundred and
twenty-four, to insert the following:
But no tax shall he imposed or collected from any hos-
pital duly incorporated lor the reliefof the sick : Provided,
The sick and disabled soldiers in the service of the United
States, or those who have been honorably discharged there-
from, shall be entitled to participate in the benefits of such
institution gratuitously: And provided further, That such
institution shall have first procured from the Secretary of
the Treasury a certificate showing that it comes within the
intent and meaning of this act, and is justly entitled to such
exemption.
The object of the amendment is mainly for a
particular institution. Mr. James H. Roosevelt,
recently deceased in New York, made a will in
which he gave his property to the amount of a
million dollars it i3 estimated, for the purposes of
a hospital. I have a copy of the will, and I
will read a portion of it. He gives "ajt the rest
and residue of his personal estate" to certain per-
sons named " or their survivors," &c., " for the
establishment in the city of New York of a hos-
pital for the reception and relief of sick and de-
ceased persons, and for its permanent endow-
ment."
The section as drawn is general, and I do not
know that there can be any objection to it in that
form. The hospital must be gratuitously sup-
ported. We are doing a good deal for the sol-
diers by the payment of bounties and otherwise;
but we have not yet done much for them after
they return from the war disabled, and it seems
to me to be well to encourage efforts like this. I
cannot think there is any doubt about the pro-
priety of the exception.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
New York, as that may be a matter of some im-
portance, that he have his amendment printed,
and that he let us look at it and let us look at the
will.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairun-
derstands the amendment of the Senator from New
York to be withdrawn for the time being,
Mr. MORGAN. Not withdrawn; but I do not
ask action on it flow. Let it be laid on the table
and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be printed as an
amendment to be proposed at some other time.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New York
has proposed the exemption of a class of hospi-
tals. I am in favor of his proposition. It is not
now, however, under discussion; but in a sim-
ilar spirit I move to strike out on the 135th page
lines two hundred and twelve, two hundred and
thirteen, and two hundred and fourteen, as fol-
lows:
On all printed books, magazines, pamphlets, reviews, and
all other similar printed publications, except newspapers,
a duty of five per cent, ad valorem.
I merely wish to make one remark on this tax.
We do not tax wheat or corn, because they are
the staff of life. I think that a tax on books is
less defensible than a tax on wheat or on corn. I
believe that books are the staff of life, and I be-
lieve that our country would do itself honor at
this moment when it is imposing a heavy tax
upon the country if it deliberately exempted
books. The tax that is proposed is applicable to
all books; books for the fumily reading, for the
library, and also for the school. AU that we can
get from the tax will be very small indeed. It
will not add sensibly to your Treasury, but it
will impose a burden upon knowledge. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will strike the words
out.
Mr.FESSENDEN. I havesimpljr tosay that
the reason why we do not tax wheat is that it is
nota manufacture. We should tax flour but for
one reason; and that is, that by the reciprocity
treaty we should have foreign flour brought in
upon us at so great an advantage that we could
not afford to tax it. That is the difficulty in that
case. We do tax clothing, all kinds of clothing,
hots, caps, everything that goes into wear, every-
thing that we use, that is a manufacture, that we
can reach. If the Senate is disposed to make a
distinction between food for the body or clothing
for the body and food for the mind or clothing
for the mind, if you please, they can do so. I see
no good reason for it. It is well known that this
business of printing and publishing books is a
profitable one. It will be exceedingly profitable
with the duty that we propose to put upon the im-
portation of books in our tariff bill, if we put no
duty whatever upon it in this country. I do not
see any reason why we should exempt this kind
of business which is carried on very largely and
which would yield a very considerable revenue to
the Government simply because some part of it
is learning. A very large part of it is no advant-
age to anybody. There is no reason upon that
principle 
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permitme
to ask him whether books that are imported will
be liable to a duty in the hands of the owner?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Books that are imported
pay a duty on importation under the tariff.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand; but, hav-
ing paid that, would they be taxed in the hands of
a subsequent owner?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; this is only a tax
on those printed and published in this country;
that is all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to have the
Senator from Massachusetts state hisamendment
again, or lot it be read from the desk.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, on page
135, to strike out the following clause:
On all printed hooks, magazines, pamphlets, review--', and
ali other similar printed publications, except newspapers,
a duty of live per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. On page 149, section ninety-
seven, line four, I move to strike out "pne fourth"
and insert " one tenth;" so that it will read:
Sec. 07. And he it farther enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected,and paid on all sales of real estate, goods,
wares, merchandise, articles, or things at auction, includ-
ing all sales of stocks, bonds, and other securities, a duty
of one tenth of one per cent, on the gross amount 0I,S!1CI>
sales. * *
The tax in the last bill on auctions is one tenth
of one per cent., and I propose in this bill (o put
it where it was in the other. I have received com-
munications from Boston, New York, and Phila-
delphia, all in the same sense, all representing,that
the tax at one fourth of one per cent, will be very
onerous to the business; in short, that the busi-
ness cannot bear it. One cdmmuriication which
I have from Boston says:
" The undersigned desire respectfully to call your atten-
tion to the proposed tax on sales by auction. On tha lamer
portion of such sales the tax would be prohibitory. Tilt
distinction between the broker und the auctioneer is not
only unjust but unwise; its effect being to throw sales ex-
clusively into the hands of the broker without increasing
the revenue," &c.
I have also a communication from a very emi-
nent house in Philadelphia, which I know some-
thing about personally and in which I have great
confidence, from which I will read a passage:
" Now, while we believe In taxes, yet the charge upon us
is so onerous that.we hope you will use your exertions to
let it remain as last year, one tenth of one per cent. We
paid last year nearly ยง-2,000 under that law to the United
States, which comes out of our own pockets, as we do not
charge it in the account of sales. Besides this, we pay
$2,000 per annum for a license to the State, and also, I
think, thirty dollars license to the United States, and on all
foreign goods we pay one and a half per cent, to tile StRte.
In addition to all this, add the quarter per cent, now pro-
posed, and I think you will agree with us that the charges
are very onerous, and will have a tendency to drive us out
of the business."
As I understand it, the auction business is pe-
culiar in this respect. It pays a local State tax.
I believe the business of a broker does not pay a
local State tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can tax it.
Mr. SUMNER. That I understand; butl am
speaking of the fact, of the actual condition of this
business. For instance, in the State of New York
there is a very heavy local State tax imposed
upon the auctioneer. All goods, for instance,
sold at auction that come from the east of Cape
Horn pay a tax of one half of one percent, to the
State, and another class of goods pay a still higher
tax. The sum total of that tax,.as gathered in
New York, I understand to be very considerable.
So, also, is it in Pennsylvania. The auctioneer
pays, in the first place, that local tax. He then
pays our license, and then pays this second tax,
which is under consideration tnis moment. There
are three classes of taxation, and the question is
whether we do not pile too much upon them. Oil
this question I speak from the information that
has been given to me, and it seemed to me we
could not do better than to adhere to the rule
adopted two years ago in the first bill, and put
this tax at one tenth of one per cent. -
I have been induced to ask myself the question,
why should the auctioneer be taxed in this way
more than any other business man ? What is the
business of an auctioneer as now conducted? ^ Is
it materially different from that of a commission
merchant? He is a commission merchant who
does everything in connection with one piece of
business all on one day with a flag at his door;
but his relation to the goods sold is that of a com-
mission merchant, and he steps in also as a guar-
antor as acomnnssion merchant. We impose no
such tax on the commission merchant, nor does
the State impose any tax upon the commission
merchant. Why then should the auctioneer be
selected, be individualized for this cumulative tax?
I cannot see the reason myself, except it is that
the business is peculiar; it stands out conspicu-
ously; it attracts attention; it is transacted with
a fid" at the door; and therefore the Government
come forward and impose upon it an extra tax;
but I cannot from the nature of the business see
any reason why we should impose an additional
tax upon the auctioneer as compared with other
merchants, commission merchants, if you please,
or persons in other kinds of business. Especially
do 1 see no reason why we should impose this
additional tax on the auctioneer as compared with
the broker.
I have likened the business of an auctioneer to
that of a commission merchant. It may be likened
also to that of ft broker. In many respects it is
thatof a broker. But the very fact that this extra
tax is imposed upon the auctioneer, as 1 under-
stand, has theeffectof throwing a very large and
valuable class of business into the hands of
