1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I€91
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is chairman of
the Committee on Agriculture, and has this De-
partment specially tinder his charge.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no appropriation
<rthis. I suppose they are printed at the re-
quest of the Commissioner on Agriculture at the
public printing:office.
Mr. GRIMES. I supposed that probably the
amendment of the Senator from Maine was aimed
at what 1 think a very great abuse. I have seen
these reports, and I know that there is no accu-
racy in them, not the slightest reliance can be
placed upon them. I remember last fall seeing
•an account giving the proportion of the apple
crop raised during the year 1863 in the Territory
of Nebraska, and the Territory has not got a
bearing apple-tree in it. [Laughter.] That is a
fair sample of these reports.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This amendment does
not touch the printing of the annual report. That
is made to Congress and printed by orderof Con-
gress every year. It covers the reports that are
sent out every two months or every month, I do
not know which, and the paper and other things
procured for the use of the office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that there has been
great complaint made by the Superintendent of
Public Printing in regard to the punting ordered
by the various bureaus, and I shall be perfectly
willing to vote for some general piovision limit-
ing all these various officers m their power to
print.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator m mistaken:
there has been no complaint made by the Super-
intendent of Public Printing in regard to the print-
ing ordered by the offices. They have a certain
amount of blanks; but the printing ordered by the
Commissioner of Agriculture is indefinite. He
exercises his own judgmentas to what he wants,
and orders it, as I understand, and there has been
complaint by the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing in regard to the printing ordered by the Com-
missioner of Agt iculture. 1 have no expectation
of succeed ing in this amendment; I merely offer
it to call it to the attention of the Senate that the
Commissioner of Agriculture exercises unlimited
discretion as to what he will have printed for the
use of his office, and I thought it was as well that
there should be a limit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of one or the other of the committees
[Finance and Agriculture—Mr. Fessenden and
Mr. Sherman] whether this appropriation in-
cludes the moifthly reports?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I think that ought
to be stricken out. I agree with the Senator from
Iowa as to those reports They purport to be a
report of the produce of the crops of the different
sections of the country from month to month, and
they ore really of no service.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The amendment fixes
simply the amount which the Commissioner is
entitled to rcceive of printing, &c. We cannot
limit what he shall get printed and what not, but
it says he shall not expend more than a given
sum of money. At present he is unlimited; he
orders such printing as he wants, and at what
times he wants it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Whore does the amend-
ment come m?
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the close of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is now no appropri-
ation for printing. I cannot say whether $8,000 is
enough; the circumstances have not been brought
before us. If the Senator h.?s any information to
give us showing that £8,000 is enough, very well;
but why appropriate$8,000 instead of $2,000? It
may embarrass the Department, or it may not;
§8,000 may be amply sufficient; I cannot say. If
the Senator has any information which enables
him to propose ^8,000 instead of $2,000 I should
like to heai it, and the Senate will judge whether
they will adopt his proposition or not. It may
be sufficient, but we have had no information m
regard to the amount of printing. I never heard
any complaints made before, exccpt generally the
Superintendent of Piintmg said to me that the
vauous bureaus did send to him, as he thought,
for an unreasonable amount of blanks and public
printing of various kinds, and he mentioned dif-
ferent bmeausof the War? iid other Departments,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The complaint he made
was that they did not give him notice of what
they wanted and embarrassed him m that way,
he not knowing in advance the amount of print-
ing they would want, and their orders coming in
suddenly. I beiieve the only thing he has com-
plained of in that respect is in regard to the want
of notice. The amount named in my amendment
is not estimated by myself. I received it from a
person in whose knowledge I have confidence, as
enough for the purpose, if the Senate choose to
put the amendment on the bill they can do so, and
we can probably inquire and ascertain whether
the amount is enough before we get through with
the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask the Sen-
ator under what appropriation what is called the
annual report is printed, or whether there is a
particular appropriation for it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is ordered by Con-
gress. The report is made to Congress, and they
order it to be printed and pay for its printing.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The principal objection is
to the printing of these reports, as I have heard
the debate. I myself do not profess to be suffi-
ciently acquainted with the subjectof agriculture
and kindred sciences to pronounce on the value
of these reports. Yet I do know that persons in
the country who are engaged in the business of
agriculture, horticulture, and such matters, have
manifested ugood deal of intciest in such reports.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do you mean the monthly
reports?
Mr. TEN EYCK. I mean the monthly or bi-
monthly lepoi ts, whichever they may be. 1 have
been wntten to very frequently by persons of
superior intelligence and information upon the
subject of agriculture, practical men as well as
scientific men, who are anxious for these very
reports, and 1 have been requested to send them;
and I have received replies from them, after I have
sent them, saying that they wire highly gratified,
and that they desired to have the ensuing reports
sent. I speak of the repoits that are printed
every month or two months; my impression is that
they are printed every two months. I only men-
tion my own knowledge as connected with my
constituents on this subject, several gentlemen
among them havingexpressed a very anxious de-
sire to get these reports, and having approved them
highly after getting them. They may contain
nothing of value, so far as I know myself, but
this is the testimony that has come to me.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine ought
to be adopted. 1 cannot see why the Department
of Agriculture should be singled out, and the
amount of printing for that Department specially
limited. If the object is to prevent the various
Departments and bureaus printing too much, let
a general limit be put on all. That might perhaps
be very well-; but to single out this Department,
and liinit the amount of punting for it alone in
this way, I think is wrong.
So far as the monthly reports are concerned, I
do not eonfiur with many Senators who have ex-
pressed an opinion in regard to them. I know
that eminent agriculturists in my region of coun-
try think very highly of these monthly reports;
and my experience m regard to them is such as
has been indicated by the .Senator from New Jer-
sey. Many of our best farmeis have written to
me for them, and expressed great gratification at
the information derived fiom them. But, sir, if
the objection is to the monthly icports, why not
propose an amendment to the bill preventing the
monthly reports from being printed? That would
be the proper way to reach if; but as I understand
the Senator from Maine, that is not the object
proposed by his amendment. I think those who
are in favor of this agricultural bureau ought not
to sit here and allow it to be cramped and tram-
meled by this kind ofamendments offered by those
who are opposed to the bureau in every form. I
think we should vote the amendment down.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote for this
amendment, because I believe that not only in the
case o-f this Department, but in the case of every
Department, there shoaid be as little discretion-
ary power as possible. Indeed, I have very
strong doubts as to the constitutional authority
of Congress to make appropriations for this ob-
ject, and I so voted, I believe, when the propo-
sition came up to establish this Department. It
having been established, however, 1 do not wish
to cripple it, but at the same time I do not desire
it to grow to such a magnitude as to surpass the
anticipations of those who established it. I shall
vote for the amendmentjand I do not think it is a
sufficient answer to say that the Commissioner of
Agriculture should not be limited in his expendi-
tures in reference to printing, because other De-
partments are not limited. It would be wise to
limit all of them.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator
from Maine that this amendment is not a practical
one. Howcan thePublicPrinter keep an account
of the various orders? Howcan he ascertain pre-
cisely the cost of each label ? How can you im-
pose on him the additional duty of keeping an ac-
count with this officer of the cost of eveiy blank
and every piece of paper and every label? It
seems to me the proposition is a very strange one.
Its only effect is to cast a slur on the Department.
Suppose the same provision was required in re-
gard to every bureau or office of the Government,
that the Senate should have an account of its
printing, the House of Representatives of its
printing, the Second Comptroller and the Third
Auditor of the amount of printing and blanks for
each, how could the printer do it? He might
know how much certain sheets of paper cost, but
it would be almost impossible, certainly extremely
difficult, to keep up such an account.
Is it worth while, for the simple object of check-
ing this one officer,to require the Superintendent
of Printing to keep a series of books and make a
charge every day against the Commissioner of
Agriculture for five hundred labels to-day, six
hundred to-morrow, seven hundred the nextday,
and so on ? I submit to the Senator from Maine
whether it is worth while to press this amend-
ment, unless it is intended to lequire such an ac-
count to be kept with all the different offices of
the Government. If the Senator can show me
that $8,000 is enough, and that there is any way to
impose a limit here in accordance wiih the law,
I shall be perfectly willing to agree to it, because
I do not desire the Commissioner of Agriculture
to get a single dollar more than is absolutely ne-
cessary to carry the law into effect. This pro-
vision would only be burdensome to the Public
Printer, would not accomplish any good-result,
would only be looked upon as a reflection cast
upon the Department, and would create trouble
to the officers without having any practical good
effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not my intention to
cast any slur upon this officer or on his Depart-
ment; but the Public Printer must necessarily keep
an account of all the expenses of his office and of
everything that he does. Pie must show how he
has expended the large appropriations which we
make for printing. He unquestionably does so
at the present time.
The difficulty in regard to this particular Depart-
ment is that there is nothing fixed with reference
to the nature of the printing to be done. It is all
within the mind of the Commissioner. In the
other Departments what they want is well known.
They want certain blanks, they want certain or-
ders, they want things, that are perfectly well
known td the practice of the Department in carry-
ing on its business. The printing of these monthly
reports isan illustration of what I have suggested.
Who heard before the last Congress adjourned of
these monthly reports being made? It was noth-
ing but an idea of the Commissioner himself. I
am not here to say that it was not a good idea,
and that benefit has not resulted from it; I do not
know whether it has or not; 1 cannot tell. It
might have been very wise, or it might not have
been wise. I only say that as the matter stands,
everything is m the mind of the Commissioner,
and he may call for just such printing as he wants,
to an unlimited extent; and the amount we appro-
priate on the estimates of the Superintendent of
Public Printing may be largely overrun if those
calls be answered. I take it that the Superin-
tendent keeps an account now of all the printfrig
that he does for the vauous Departments. He
ought to do so, and he ought to be able to do it,
because he must show how the money that he
draws from the Treasury has been expended, for
what printing it has been used, and in what
amounts. Of course he keeps his books show-
ing all this.
