APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 4,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
Mr. Tarr goes on farther to state:
" Fiom the first outbreak to tiie present moment I have
been for the Union, and am still (or the Union. I votedfor
you, and have never regretted it."
This is addressed to Governor Bradford:
"I stand where I have always stood, for 'Union, the
Constitution, and the enforcement of the laws,' witli no
sympathy for the rebellion."
That m*an, although he affirmed he was willing
to take the oath, and says that heisaUnionman
with no sympathy for the rebellion, was refused
his vote under the orders of this deputy provost
marshal.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky whafbook he is reading from?
Mr. POWELL. I am reading from a pamphlet
entitled "Message of Governor Bradford to the
General Assembly of Maryland, with documents,
&c." The extracts I am now reading are from
the document accompanying the message. Here
is an extract from a letter by Charles Cole to
Governor Bradford, inclosing a certificate from
Lewis P. Wachter:
11 Inclosed is a certificate from Lewis F. Wachtcr, a
highly respectable laimer of i-Yedctick election district,
showing how ho was tteated on election day, and compelled
to vote against his sentiments. I saw that man pushed
from the voting place and kicked at as he was descending
tbov-tcps« leading into the couit-house, wheie the polls were
held, and alter he had retired a short distance 1 saw the
same soldier who kicked at him seize him by the arm,
ihiUit an ' Unconditional ticket' into his hand, and, with
the assistanceot anothereoldior,compel htm to return and
vote the ticket which had been placed in his hand."
And yet, with all these facts before them, the
honorable Committee on Military Alfaiis in their
report say that the election was fair, and that no
Union man who would take the oath was pre-
vented fiom voting. This Mr. Wachter in his
certificate says:
£v 1 hereby ceitify that I offered to vote the conservative
Union ti-'ket fit the north polls, in the city of Fiedei irk, on
Wednesday, the'llh dav of November, 1S63, and thataMil-
diej ub;eei<'d to my voting on the giouttd ot disloyal!) ; that
inv ticket was taken nom my hand at the h-iinc tune by a
woldier, and ihrtt I leit the polls, and had not proceeded f ui-
ther than Unity oi forty feet befoie a Holdiet, wIioms name
] am infmmed is Mateellns ShnJfner, eamc np to mo and
said, clliri.)\jou uill he entitled to a vote; ao:e c,omc mid
vole;' at the *ai e time putting an 1 'neonditionai ticket into
my hand, and ^ei/.nig me by one of my aims, and another
Kofdier l>y Hie other, I was forced noun hark to the polls
thiough few of piMsonal violence, and compelled to vote
against in) feniiments."
Mr. President, how the committee could have
put the statements I have heretofore read in their
report with tins evidence befoie them, in a matter
most astonishing to me. The writer of the repot t
reviews the message of Governor Bradford and
tin; evidence accompanying it, reviews it elabo-
rately, and after that review makes the statements
I have quoted from the report. The motive that
actuated the wi itei of tiie repot t to make the j-tutu-
inenUs alluded to I leave the Senate to determine.
Mr. President, it is clear from the statements I
have read that there was a most unwarrantable
and unjustifiable interference with the election in I
the Slate of Mary land. The judges were pre-
vented from exeeulin;: the laws. In many cases
iliey weie imprisoned. Loyal men were forced
fiom the polls when they nltempted to vote the
Cnafleld ticket, and afterwards form! back toihe
polls and compelled to \ote tin; Cteswell ticket,
in .some places the Criafield ticket was? not alio wed
to be voted. Disloyal men, or men whose loy-
alty at least was supported, were allowed to vote
the yellow or Cio.swell ticket. Even when they j
were challenged, the soldiers would not permit |
them to be sworn; and in one case they threat- ■
ened to take the ballot-box if the vote was not j
taken. Upmi wh'tt ground the committee can base
tin: asseitton m their report that this election was
conducted fairly, and that no peitam who was a
loyal citizen and would take (he oath was pie- !
veil!od fiom \otuij>, I am wholly unable to com- '
pi e h end.
Sir, we might well inquire why it was that at
that pailic.ilar junctme of Mai viand affairs the
military should he scattered ail over that region
of country? \Yme there any tela I soldiers theier
Was the State of Maryland invaded? sir;
they had no such excuse as Genual Bumside 1
claimed foi declaim^ maitial 'aw in Kentucky. :
Why was it done ? The object is clear and man-
ift st. 'i'howe soldtors were sent theie for tiie pur- '
poso of cariying the elections in favoi nf ih<- Ad-
ministration. I read some time ago, and I regret
that I have not got it before me now, an extract
taken from the Boston Commonwealth, a leading
Administrationparty paper,in which itcomplained
somewhat of the conduct of the soldiery in the
border State elections, and called them " irregu-
larities," butsaid the Administration had been so
negligent in allowing the Democrats to elect so
many members of^ongress in the previous elec-
tions that they were compelled to interfere in the
border States in order to maintain a majority in
the other end of this Capitol; and upon that ground
they excused it. That was the reason the iron
hand of the military was laid upon the people of
the border State#; to compel them to send mem-
bers of Congress to this Capitol who were opposed
to the sentiments of the people. It was done by
the Administration for the purpose of having a
majority in their favor in the other House.
But, sir, did anybody then, or does anybody
now, pretend to say that the people* of Maryland
were not loyal? I will read to you what their
Governor says on that subject. The writer of
the report, in order to bolster up the President,
General Schenck,and others in authority, assails
and attempts to destroy the reputation of Gov-
ernor Bradford and everybody who testifies in
reference to these violations of the law in those
States. The destruction of the reputations of
those who know and have spoken of these dis-
graceful and wicked usurpations is the only means
by which they can escaf>e from that damning in-
famy which must in all time accompany them.
What does Governor Bradford say m regard to
the loyalty of the people of Maryland?
"It is a well-known fact, that with perhaps one single
exception, there is not a congressional candidate in tins
State whoso loyalty is questionable, and in not a county in
the Stale outside of the *ame congressional distuet is there,
1 believe, a candidate foi the Legislature oi any State oHice
whoM- loyalty in nut equally undoubted.-''
lie says An tiler:
" Fot mote than two years p;^t theie nevci has been a
time when, if eveiy tiaitor and eveiy treasonable ^)i pn-
tlu/,ei in the State had voted, they could have contiolled,
whoevei might have been their candidates, in a smgie de-
pat linen t ot the State, or je.opauh d the s-uccom- of the Gen-
eral Government. No State m the I hi ion has beenot is now
actuated by more heartfelt and unwavenng loyalty than
Maryland—a loyalty intensified and purified by the'oidcal
tlnongh which it has passed."
That is what the Governor says in his procla-
mation. General Schenck, m a paper that he
issued in reply to this pioclamation of the Gov-
ernor's, indoises the loyalty of the people of
Maryland, in this language:
Governor Biadfotd hunt-elf cannot appieciato more
highly than I do, tiie steilmg loyalty ot the great majoiiiy
of the people of Mainland."
General Schenck himself says that a gr^at ma-
joi it y of the people of i\Jai ylaud ai c loyal. W heie,
then,was i he in i.cssity lor this military fuiay upon
them upon the day of election? It can only be
accounted lor by the reason that 1 have stated: the
Administration did it for the purpose of prevent-
ing a free election in Maryland, and in order to
send to the other end of this Capitol and elect as
officers of that State government, men who were
willing to do the bidding of the Executive. It was
for that, and for nothing else, that U was done.
There never was a greater outrage on any people
on earth than was committed on the loyal people
of Maryland in their last election.
1 read yestciday the law of the free common-
wealth of Athens on this subject. The Athe-
nians wete so watchful and so jealous ofthe right
of free suifinge that a stranger who interfered in
the assemblies of the people was regarded as a
tiaitor, and was punished by their laws with
death. Had President Lincoln and General
Schenck lived in the time of the free common-
wealth of Athens, and inteifeicd with the assem-
blies of the people as they did with the right of
free suffrage in Maryland, they would have been
executed as tiaitois and felons, and would have
justly deserved their fate. Yes, sir, m that ftee
common wealth, under their laws, had such an in-
terfeience taken place as has been proved mcon-
tostably by the evidence I have read to have taken
placein Maryland, he who did it would have been
punished with death as a traitor; and vet we find
the Senate, thiough one of its committees, report-
ing agam^t the passage of a bill visiting a much
miider punishment than d-eath upon those who in-
terfere to prevent free elections, and that, too. upon
the ground,as they state in their report, that the
elections have been fair! They say there is no
ground for the complaint that anybody entithd
to vote was prevented from voting, or that there
was any interference in the election, when the
facts stand outso prominently that none can deny
or dispute but that the interference was most
atrocious, flagrant, and outrageous.
General Schenck commenced his operations to
crush out freedom of elections, and to prevent .
political organization against the Administration
before he issued his order No. 53, dated October
28, 1863. From the public journals I see that
early in the fall of 1863 the Democrats of Talbot
county, on the Eastern Shore, held a convention
and nominated candidates for local offices of their
county, clerk, sheriff, &c. Theofficeisof the con-
vention, and some of the parties named as candi-
dates, gentlemen of the highest character and re-
spectability, were arrested and required to report
at headquarters in Baltimore, where General
Schenck required them to take the foilowingoath,
which is cut from the Easton Gazette, Maryland:
"Released from Arrest.—The Easton (Maryland)
Gazette states that the parties recently arrested in that
town while attending a political convention have been re-
leased after subscribing to the following :
"c We, the subscriber, do hereby pledge ourselves and
obligate by this wutten agieementthat we will not, during
the present tebellion against the Government and author-
ity of the United States, oiganize or assist in the organiza-
tion of any party inimical or opposed to the J2dministia-
tion of said Government; that we will not nominate, assist
m the nomination, nor vote for any candidate or candidates
for office of district, county, State, or General Government
who are m sympathy with the so-called confederate States
government, or opposed to the ixgorous ptroseeidion of the
war now waged for the .complete suppression of the exist-
ing rebellion. All this we promise and pledge without any
mental reseivatiun whatever, with a full purpose to keep
and observe the same.> "
General Schenck required these gentlemen to
swear that they would not during the present re-
bellion organize or assist in the organization of
any party inimical oropposed to the Administra-
tion. Was there ever a more outrageous assault
upon the rights of the citizen? General Schenck's
object seems to have been to crush out all polit-
ical opposition to his chief, Abraham Lincoln.
1 honorthe profession of arms; itis a noble pro-
fession. The brave soldierwho fights the battles
of his country, who diaws his swoid*in defense
of the honor, constitution, and laws of his coun-
try, and in defense of the liberties of the people, is
justly entitled to and will receive our confidence,
admnaiion, and waimestgratitude—all honor to
such noble warriors! But he who holds position
m the army of his country and uses his power to
overthrow the constitution and laws of his coun-
try, to strike down the liberties of the people, to
prevent free ballot and to build up the fortunes of
a political party, as has been done in Maryland,
will receive the scorn and contempt of all good,
wise, and patriotic men.
The committee in their report treat briefly of
the elections in the State of Delaware. 1 will not
enter at any great length into a discussion as to
(he mode of conducting the election in Delaware.
I have here a report of a committee of the Legis-
lature of that State m winch they examine fully
into that whole question. The sworn proof is m
the volume 1 now hold in my hand. It is proved
mcontcstably that the elections in Delaware in
1863 were carried to a great degree by the inter-
ference of the military. Governor Cannon—the
Governor whom the Committee on Military Af-
fairs laud in their report because in a proclama-
tion to the people, of that State he enjoins all good
citizens and civil officers of that State to obey the
military order General Schenck had issued con-
cerning elections in Delaware, and they contrast
his conduct with that of the Governor of Mary-
land—Mi. Cannon, it appears from the report and
evidence, was elected Governor of Delaware in
consequence of military interference. It is very
cleaily shown m the report of the committee of
the Legislature of Delaware ihat the militai y did
interfeie, and that they did it at the instance of
Mr. Cannon, who was thena candidate for Gov-
ernor, and other candidates for high j-osrions.
It is also pioved in the report that at what they call
the "'little election" in Delaware, which occurs
about a month before the general election, ihe
Dunociats indicated a stiength that would cony
