THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
brokers who do not pay the same high tax, be-
cause the persons who own the property that is
sold by a broker can make larger profits when
they are not obliged to pay this heavy taxation.
I'hope,, therefore, the Senate will bring this tax
down to where it stood in the last bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The objection of the hon-
orable member from Massa6husetts is not so much
to the amount "of tax which we propose to levy
as to ihe amount of State taxation. The amount
that we propose to levy, as compared with State
taxation, is, comparatively, very smalt—4 mean
the amount proposed by the committee, which is
one fourth of one per cent. The member has
said very correctly that the States impose upon
these'auctioneers a.much higher tax, and it is be-
cause of the imposition of that higher tax that
he supposes the auctioneer would not be able to
carry on his business if lie was subjected to the
additional tax of one fourth of one per cent.
Nothing is more clear than that the United States
have the right to tax everything for the wants of
the Government that is taxable at all under the
authority of Congress; and if the amount which
the States impose is a sufficient objection against
the amount which the United States want, then
the power of the United States to tax is compar-
atively inefficient.
I think the honorable member is mistaken in
supposing—and he takes it upon the representa-
tions of the auctioneers, to whom he has ad-
verted, and who no doubt are very respectable
men—and they are mistaken in supposing that
they will not be able to chaige this tax to their
own customers. One thing is certain; that they
do it with reference to the Slate taxation. If a
man sends his goods to auction for sale, he will
find when he gets the return of the sale that from
the gross proceeds of the sale the auctioneer de-
ducts all the expenses; he deducts the expense,
if there be any, of a tax imposed by the muni-
cipal authorities where he may be, and the tax
imposed, if there be any tax imposed, by (he
State. All that the customer gets is what re-
mains after these expenses are deducted, and after
he charges for his own services his commission
. Now, if, as unquestionably is tiie fact, they
are able to charge the whole amount of State tax-
ation to their customers, and they should be un-
able, because the amount would be too large in
the aggregate, to charge this one fourth of one
er cent, to their customers, the whole effect would
e that with reference to this tax the profits of the
auctioneer will be diminished; that is to sny, he
will have to pay this one fourth of one per cent,
out of his profits; but has the honorable member
any knowledge of the profits these auctioneers
make in the States? I do not know how it is in
the other States—I speak of the State of Mary-
land particularly—and I suppose it is the case
in most of the States, these auctioneers ate to be
found only in the larger cities, and their number
is limited*, they give bond; they are selected for
their integrity and their skill, and they are not
made so numerous that the business will not be
profitable to each one of them.
The difference, therefore, between brokers and
commission merchants who pay no licenses and
auctioneers is, that every man can play the broker
and every man can play thecommission merchant;
but that is not the ease with this particular busi-
ness. This is a business, to use the language of
the Senator, set apart, and it is set apart, not for
the purpose of being taxed because it is set apai t,
but it is set apart because it is a very peculiar
business, and a very profitable business to the
auctioneer. I suppose that half the property, I
was about to say half the personal property, m
the course of several years, and a great deal of
the real estate within the area over which the li-
censes of the auctioneers extend, passes through
the hands of the auctioneers, and they take their
commission, if they guaranty where they sell
upon credit, as sometimes they do, as well as the
brokers and commission merchants—if they guar-
anty the payment of the puichase money, they
charge a commission for that guarantee. If rny
friend could look at the accounts of the larger
auctioneers in New York, in Philadelphia, and in
Baltimore, he would find that their profits are
very heavy.
It docs not appear to me, therefore, that there
is any weight, I was about to say—certainly there
is some, because the honorable member moves it.
E
and moves it upon authority upon which he has
a right to rely—in the objection that this would
be too heavy a tax, a tax which, if imposed,
would prevent these gentlemen from carrying on
their business. That it will not have that effect
I am perfectly satisfied is certain. If it has any
effect injurious to them, it will only be that to the
extent of this one fourth of one per cent, they
will not have it in their power to charge it to
their customers.
.Mr. SUiMNER. Of course there is no ques-
tion about the constitutional authority of Con-
gress in this matter. We may impose the tax if
it is thought desirable; and the only question I
have undertaken to present is simply this: whether
under the circumstances the increased tax is ad-
visable.
The Senator reminds us that if we take notice
of this State tax, and on account of the existence
of the State tax we forbear to tax, wc to a certain
extent submit to. a constraint that comes from a
State tax. Now, it does seem to me that we must
look at the thing as it is. We are endeavoring
to arrange a system of taxation that, so far as
possible, shall be equal and even, and nottoo oner-
ous upon individuals or different classes of busi-
ness. That is the object of every one of us; and in
carrying out that object we are bound, I submit,
to look at existing State laws or usages to see
how they affect different classes of business.
Looking at those laws and usages, we find that
there is ono class of business peculiarly affected
by them. It is that of the auctioneer, which is
brought within the sphere of State taxation. In
that respcct it differs from almost every other
business, the business of the manufacturer, of
the commission merchant, and of the broker; not
that the State may not tax all of those persons,
but in point of fact the State does not tax them.
I submit that while we aie ananging our sys-
tem of taxation we ought to take the actual facts
into consideration, and not to make our tax bear
unduly hard. The fact is that there is aveiy
heavy State tax imposed upon the auctioneer,
and it seems to me wc ought to recognize it. We
did recognize it two years ago, and after a con-
siderable debate—I think it ran over half a day,
and i do not know but a whole day—we put it
at one tenth of one per cent.; and I believe the
business has gone on very well upon that tax
since. I have heaid no reason for increasing it
to one fourth of one per cent., while on the con-
trary I do hear objections. I hope, therefore,
that the tux will be put where it was two years
ago.
Mr. CLARK. I want to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts this question: when we are in-
creasing the tax imposed on ail other sorts of
products and business to get a revenue, why
should not thisbe increased propouionably.. Why
should we leave it as it was?
Mr. SUMNER. If this business can bear the
inciease, I say increase it.
Mr. CLARK. We find that other kinds of
business can bear it, and it must bear it. I wish
to suggest to the Senate and the Senator from
Massachusetts that while they tax auctioneers
m Massachusetts, New Yoik,and Pennsylvania,
there are many States that <fo not tax them at all,
and the question tor us to consider is what these
people can bear in the States of the Union and
leave the States to adjust their State taxation to
the whole class as they exist throughout the
Union. It seems to me that the tax on auction-
eers and upon their business is not too large. I
myself was very reluctant to agree in committee
to the tax on commercial brokers. I thought it
was too low. We have got it at one twentieth
of one per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is on the sale of
stocks and money and those things; on merchan-
dise it i.s one eighth of one per cent.
Mr. CLARK. Thtfn there is not so much dif-
ference as I supposed there was; but I think the
tax is not too high as it stands here on auction-
eers.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask, why should
the business of the auctioneer be taxed one fourth
of one percent, and tiiat of the broker one eighth ?
Mr. CLARK. I suggest it is because of the
different manner in which he does his business,
at public outcry. The other man is obliged to go
around and seek a customer or invite a customer
to come in and find his place of sale; but hero the
auctioneer stands in his place of business, puts
out a flag and sells at public outcry. That is the
difference.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another reason:
the auctioneer gets from two to five per cent, com-
mission and the broker only one half or one fourth
of one per cent.
Mr. CLAREC. That is another reason, bccause
he gets a higher commission. I was answering
the question why we tax auctioneers differently
from brokers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can make another an-
swer-to the Senator. We had a sort of delega-
tion of auctioneers from the city of New York,
and they complained very bitterly that while we
taxed them one fourth of one percent, we did not
tax the brokers of merchandise at ail; they were
excluded in the first tax that was laid upon brok-
ers. It was only laid on those who sold com.
The Senator will notice on page 151 that we havo
inserted this clause:
Upon all sales of merchandise, produce, or other goods,
one eighth of one per cent.
That delegation stated to us that if we would
put one half the tax on brokers that wc put on
auctioneers it would make it about right.
Mr. SUMNER. The explanation of that I
understand is this: there is a large class of busi-
ness that may go into the hands of an auctioneer
or of a broker equally. For instance, take a cargo
of teas. A cargo of teas from China arrives in
Boston or in New York, and the owner of it may
dispose of it through a broker or through an
auctioneer. The tendency, as I understand, of
business now is to dispose of a cargo of teas
th 10 ugh a broker, for the reason that the broker
does not pay so high a tax as the auctioneer.
The consequence of that is that the auctioneer
loses that class of business which has in times
past belonged to him naturally.
Mr FESSENDEN. I do not think thatmakes
any difference.
Mr. POMEROY. I will inquire whether this
tax would apply to the men who sell the public
lands of the United States. All the public lands
are sold at public sale.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator must look
through the bill and see. He looks at the land
question and does not look at anything else.
Mr. POMEROY. I have looked thiough the
bill and I cannot find whether it does or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We shall not affect sales
by the Government a groat deal.
Mr. President, I wish to state one fact i$ regard
to this matter. It is very difficult indeed to tell
how much reliance may be placed upon persons
doing different kinds of business who come to see
the committee. Some of them, and perhaps the
gieater part of them, are honest men, but all of
them are plausible, and it is pietty difficult to dis-
tinguish between those who may be entirely
trusted and those who may not. One thing, how-
ever, is obseivable, to the'eredit of the country
be it said, that all are very desirous that a heavy
tax should be laid and money should be raised to
support the Government: " Tax, tax, that is all
right; there never was so good a time as now to
put on the tax; but with regard to our particular
business it is a little hard." [Laughter.] They
are very apt to make that exception in all cases:
" We are perfectly willing that you shall tax, but
be veiy careful about the business in which wc
are interested; that requires a great deal of carc
and discrimination, and a low tax on that will
always produce a much greater revenue than a
higher one." That was almost invariably the
story, until it got to be so entirely common that
we at last began to think that we must excrcisc
some little judgment of our own on the subject.
With regard to this matter of auctioneers, the
Senator speaks of the principle upon which ihey
jire taxed. He is, perhaps, awaie that, whethei
rightfully or wrongfully, all countries that have
laid this internal revenue tax have singled out this
kind of business for taxation. There is a book
published on the subject, with reference to the
English system, exclusively devoted to auction
sales. I looked it over two years ago, but my
memory is not a very good one, and 1 do not re-
member much of it. It satisfied me, however,
that it was a very convenient and proper subject
of taxation on account of its peculiar nature. The
States seem to be of the same opinion; and I think,
inasmuch as we have established the principle
