646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
one of us nor against the Government than this
is; and I undertake to say that it strikes me to be
bearing a strong resemblance to a shame that such
a claim should be allowed to linger so long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now before the Senate, being the unfinished
business of Saturday.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin that perhaps he had better let the claim
go by for the present time. The Senate undoubt-
edly will give us an opportunity of hearing it when
there is no deficiency bill and* nothing else press-
ing, and a better opportunity perhaps. I agree
with the Senator from Wisconsin in regard to the
justice of the claim. I hope the Senate by and by
will hear this claim as it ought to be heard. If
we push it when the deficiency bill is pressing we
should not get so full and candid a hearingaswe
ought.
Mr. HOWE. I give way, but I do not like to
have creditors kept outside of these Halls.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business be-
fore the Senate is joint resolution *S. No. 23, to
equalize the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the de-
ficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION UIIX.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
156) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an error in one
of the amendments submitted by me on Friday
last which I should like to have corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thependmgamend-
mentisonc submitted by the Senator from" Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to have the amendment corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
entertain it if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the appropriation
for the purchase of cavalry and artilleiy horses,
which was written by mistake #17,500. It should
be 117,500,000. That slight alteration is neces-
sary. [Laughter.1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so altered if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none. Tho question now is on the
amendmentsubmittod hy.the Senatorfrom Illinois,
[Mr.Trumbull,] to strikeout the follow mgclausc:
For the compensation of the surveyor general of Arifema
and tho oleiksi in his ofliee, $4,250.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Illinois
suggested in support of his amendment that the
surveyor ^general had not gone to that Ten itory
and had not an office open there. 1 made inquiry
at the General Land Office this morning and found
that he had gone to the place for the establishment
of the office and had established it. Therefore the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois should
not be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. The facts in relation to the
case are about these: a year ago when an appro-
priation hill was pending containing an appropri-
ation for the salary ot the surveyor general of
Arizona and other officers connected with that of-
fice, it was suggested in the Senate that the appro-
priation for surveys in thatTerritory amounted to
about five thousand dollars; that the whole country
had been included in the district of the surveyor
general of New Mexico, and that that amount
could be disbursed by him asadvantageously.after
the organization of the new Territory of Arizona
as before; that there would probably be no oppor-
tunity of engaging in public surveys in the Ter-
ritory during the year; and further, that there was
no necessity rt>r the office; and on that statement
the Senate struck out the appropriation.
The facts are as was contemplated at the time;
there have been no surveys either in New Mexico
or Arizona during the year* and no necessity
whatever for the office. I understand that the
gentleman who was appointed when he came on
here to solicit the office was told that there was no
appropriation to pay the salary, that no surveys
were contemplated, that there was no necessity
for his seivices, and yet he insisted on being ap-
pointed, and suggested that he would run his haz-
ard about getting an appropriation to pay the
salary. It seems to me it is a case that ought to
be met squarely. In possession of all the facts,
Congress last year refused to make an appropri-
ation to pay the salary, on the ground that there
was no necessity for the office, that no work of
that kind could be done during the year, and it
'seems to me if a case can be presented that is
strong enough to induce us to reject a deficiency,
this is one.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the amendment of Mr. Trum-
bull was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library 
Mr. FOSTER. I doubt whether the attention
of the Senate was called to the last vote. I wish
that question may be put again. It is the fault
of the Senate, certainly, and not of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question, if there was misunder-
standing. The question is on striking out the
woids which were read, being lines sixty-eight,
sixty-nine, und seventy, containing an appropri-
ation for tho surveyor general of Arizona.
Mr. ANTHONY. Itseems to mo that if there
have not been any surveys made in Arizona there
ought to be some made. Why are not surveys
going on there as well as in other Territories? I
was not at all satisfied last session with our strik-
ing out the appropriation. I think the land there
ought to be surveyed. The Territory ought to
bo treated as the otherTerritorics are. The Sen-
ator from Iown. says that a man came here and
insisted upon being appointed to the office. A
great many men have insisted on being appointed
to office; but I do not think they can get office
unless they have a nomination by the President
and the confnmation of this body. If the Presi-
dent has appointed an officer and we have con-
firmed him, it seems to me it is rather too late for
us to say we will not pay him.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 nm not sure that the officer
has been cotifnmed. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office says in his repoit that the
appointment was made by the President, and that
the appointee started for his field of labor some
time in July, since which he has not heard from
him. Tho reasons why surveys have not been
made there, I suppose, are as manifest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island as to every one else. It
is owing to the condition of the^ountry, the hos-
tility of the Indians and of guerrillas, who have
had possession of Arizona over since its organ-
ization.
Mr. ANTHONY. But was not the office of
surveyor general authorized by tho law ? Was not
the Piesident authorized to appoint him? If the
President was authorized to appoint him and did
appoint him, ought we not to pay him? He has
gone out there. The Senator from Indiana says
he has gone. He went in July, I think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senate had stricken
out, not the appropriation for the office, but the
office itself, we should have no trouble; but here
we authorize the appointment of an officer; tho
President appoints him and sends him out to at-
tend to his duties; and because we think on the
whole it is an unnecessary office, we will not pay
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law expressly pro-
vided that he should not be paid.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Coitainly it did, until he
entered upon the discharge of his duty.
Mr. ANTHONY. But he has entered upon
the discharge of his duty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; there is no evidence
of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The law does prohibit any
payment being made until the officer gets there;
but I understand the officer is now on his way
there, and if he gets there and discharges the duty
of the office, from the time ho gets there he ought
to be paid, and he cannot be paid unless there is
an appropriation in advance.
Mr. ANTHONY. Precisely. I do not desire
that he shall be paid before he gets there; and I
suppose he cannot bo, under this appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. He cannot be paid under this
appropiiation until he shows that he is entitled to
be paid under the law creating the office. All that
the appropiiation does is to set apart in the Treas-
ury a fund with which to pay him when he be-
comes entitled to payment; that is all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then there can be no ob-
jection to the appropriation.
Mr. GRIMES. Then there is no deficiency,
and it ought not to be putin this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly there isa deficiency.
You are providing for an office for which you
promised to pay say $2,000. The gentleman who
is to go into the office enters on his duties two or
three months hence, and you will not be in ses-
sion. Is he to go without pay until you meet
again?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a word in
addition to what I said the other day upon this
appropriation. The Arizona bill piovides that
" No salary shall be due or paid to the officers created by
this act until they have entered on the duties of their re-
spective officcs within the said Territory."
Now, we have no evidence of their having en-
tered upon the discharge of their duties within
the Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friendallow me
to ask him a question? Suppose that intelligence
satisfactory to the Land Office or to the account-
ing officers is roreivod that in fact they did arrive
and enter upon the discharge of their duties last
November or December; if we make no appro-
priation there will be' no fund out of which to
pay their salaries from the time they entered upon
the discharge of their duties. If no such evidence
is received of their entering upon the discharge
of their duties before the expiration of tho fiscal
year, of course the money will not be paid. This
is only providing a fund out of which they may
be paid if they have complied with the law, and
the presumption is that they either have entered
or will enter upon the discharge of their duties
befoie the close of the year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will be time
enough to provide forpaymg them when we ascer-
tain that they are in a position to claim the salary;
but at any rate the Senator from Maine will see
that no such sum as four thousand and odd dol-
lars can be due this surveyor geneinl under any
state of case from now to June. I do not remem-
ber his salary; !' suppose it was fixed at ยง2,000.
His salary is but $2,000 for a whole year, as the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] informs me.
Here you propose to appropriate upward of four
thousand dollars to pay him between now and
June.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For himself and clerks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest that
no such sum as that can be due; and now^when
such vast appropriations are being made, and
when my friend from Maine is such a close cus-
todian of the Treasury, I am a little surprised that
he should want to swell the appropriations larger
than can possibly be necessary. This officer did
not start until July, at any late, and I think I
have seen an account in some of the papers that
later than that, some time in August, he had not
gone to Arizona and was not in Arizona. It
seems to me that a portion of the appropriation
at least should be stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much ?
Mr-. TRUMBULL. Certainly there cannot be"
a year's service to pay for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose this appropri-
ation is made on the basis of a year for himself
and his clerks; but the law is perfectly plain; he
can only be paid from the time he entered on the
duties o.f his office. We cannot tell now when he
did enter upon tho discharge of his duties; we
know nothing about it; and 1 suppose the Secre-
tary of the Interior recommended the appropria-
tion of the sum to which he and his clerks would
be entitled by law, provided he entered upon the
discharge of his duties at the beginning of the
fiscal year; and the Secretary did not undertake
to guess at what time he arrived, because there
is no danger about it. Under the act he can only
be paid for a specific time; and if we appropriate
more than enough, the money that is not paid to
him goes into the surplus fund of the Treasury.
His account must beaudited under the act already
passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That argument is th e one
which I tued to meet the other day. It is true
this is not a very lar^e sum; but now the chair-
man of the Finance Committee takes the ground
that if more money is appropriated than is neces-
sary, i t will not be expended, Suppose wc act upon
