1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
The amendment which i have moved is not to
throw the slightest imputation on the Depart-
ment, but simply to intimate to the Commissioner
•of Agriculture that the amount that he can draw
fW- these items is fixed, like the amounts that he
d&'n draw for other items. Why fix the number
- of his clerks ? Why fix the amount he shall ex-
pend for seeds? On the logic of niy friend from
Ohio, why fix the amount that he shall expend
• for seetf-'bags > Does not that throw a slur on
the Department? Why not say that the Com-
missioner of Agricult&re shall have 1150,-008 to
expend just as be "pleases? The Senator would
not contend for that; but there is just as much
imputation on him in fixing'the amount he shbll
expend foroneitem as foranother.
1 submit the matter for the consideration of the
Senate. "I have not one particle of feeling about
it. So far as my individual feeling is concerned
I do not eare a snap of my finger whether the
amendment is accepted or rejected. I have no
feeling in regard to any question connected with
this subject. I have made up my mind that I
would present it fairly to the Senate and have it
decide ottce for all so far as I am concerned.
Mr. CARL1LE. It wduld seem to me that to
vote intelligently on.this proposition we should
have some information as to the amount expended
last year for the printing of this Department. It
may be that an appropriation of §8,000 is greatly
more than the cost of printing incurred by the
Department last year, and if so it rtiay be an in-
timation to the Commissioner that he has not
printed reports enough, and instead of monthly
reports we may have semi-fftonthly or weekly or
daily reports. I concur in the remarks that have
been made by Senators in regard to these monthly
reports. I have seen them, and I do not think
they are realty worth the cost of printing; and for
one, 1 am disposed to limit the appropriation so
as at least to prevent thts issue of those reports;
but have we any information from which the
• Senate can know whether §8,000 has been ex-
pended for printing by this Department in the last
year?
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 16, nays 2-1; as follows:
VEAS—Alf^srs.rinrk,Co!lat!irr, Conties^, Opw.m,Doo-
iiulc. Grimes, Harding, Hendricks, Johnson,
lUornt^ Fonii'rovyh;uJJr,burv, Van VVinkle, Wilkinson, ami
VVillry—16.
NAVs—Anthony, Brown, Bueknlevv, Carltle,
dmiidii'l', Davis, Dixon, Foster, Harris Ifendeison, tlowe,
.iLane ot Indiana, fj,'|ne of Kalians, McDnngall, Morgan,
Ne.-initb, l'lmeli, It.un^ey, Riddle. Hbeiman, yprague,
Sumner, Ten Kyck, and Tniinfoufl-—24.
Bo tin; urnendnient was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to i educe the appropriation for ex-
pense of ihe Legislative Assembly of Idaho from
SJ3'i,S20 to $20,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why the reduction ?
Mi. KR>,SP,,\TDRi\. Because we thought
$20,000 enough, as in the other cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after lino
eight, hundred and eighty-two:
Territory of [daiio, for the fiscal year ending June 30.
-, _ M04:
For biliary ot' Governor, chief justice and two associate
jiulircK. ulld seetetary, §n,'(X)l).
F6r'eontin}innt '-.Vp-n-es of the Territory, .<5] ,000.
For mimine-Ation and rniieitpe ol tlie members of the
Legislative A^-mUly, officer", clerks, ami contingent rx -
jieie-cb of tin- Assembly, §20,001).
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out "one"
after '■ sixty," in line nine hundred and eleven,
so as to make the appropriation for salaries of the
Chief Justice and associate justices of the Supreme
Court §00,500, instead Ofg61,500.
iVfr. JOHNSON. Before voting on that, I
would ask the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance whether the $10,000 appropriated by the
provision to be foutid in lines nine hundred and
three, nine hundred and four, mid nine hundred
and five, are for the purpose of obtaining legal os-
■sistance in the cases mentioned in that part of the
bill, here in the Supreme Court of the United
States ?
Air. FESSENDEN. I presume not.
Mr, JOHNSON. There was a very large
amount, some one bundled and fifty or two hun-
dred thousand dollars,appropriated by two orthree
several acts of Congress, four or five years ago,
in relation to the private land claims in California,
and nearly all of those cases in the Supreme Court
of the United Slates, I believe, with the excep-
tion of one, have been argued by other counsel
than the Attorney General, and the other coun-
sel have, of course, been paid out of that fund.
I do not know whether that fund is exhausted or
not; but if these $10,000 are to be used for the
purpose of trying cases in the Supreme Court of
the United States, I shall vote against it. I think
it is clearly the duty of the Attorney General to
try these cases himself. Then in relation to the
claims in California, if the provision is intended
to apply only to cases in California while they
are pending in California, why is it that the rep-
resentative of theUnited States there,the district
attorney, is not competent himself to try the
cases for the United States ? I am sure that I do
not exaggerate when I say that we have spent in
the defense of these cases, for they are oil suits
instituted on the part of claimants, nearly three
iiundred thousand dollars for professional assist-
ance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But we have saved a
great deal more money by it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I so understand.
Mr. JOHNSON. That can only be so on the
assumption that the officers of the United States
there and here are not as competent to conduct
those cases as other counsel,and that is a suppo-
sition I am not willing to make. When I held
the office of Attorney General there were cases
just as heavy, involving questions just as many
and as difficult to understand as are the eases
which have arisen under the treaty with Mexico,
and all the cases in the Supreme Court on the part
of the United States were argued by myself alone.
But, as 1 said just now, not one single case, with
the exception of one at this term, in which the
United States have had an interest,arising under
the Mexican treaty concerning the lands 111 Cali-
fornia, has been argued in the Supreme Court of
the United States by the Attorney Geneial. He
employed counsel here and paid them, of course,
such fees fts counsel who are capable of arguing
such questions in the Supreme Court are in the
habit of charging. Some twenty or thirty thou-
sand dollars, 1 suppose, have been spent 111 that
way under the present Administration. 1 do not
know. 1 only imagine that must be the amount
from what I suppose to be the rates of compensa-
tion of counsel who are competent to manage such
cases in that tribunal. For one, I should be un-
willing to provide any assistance for the manage-
ment of these cases in the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN". ft is very evident on look-
ing at the language of the estimate that it is not
for arguments in the Supreme Court. The lan-
guage ofthe estimate is "legal assistance and other
necessary expenditures for the disposition of pri-
vate land claims in California." The amount is
$10,000. It is the same sum that was appropiiated
last year for the same purpose. It has been
thought necessary by the Government to appro-
priate a sum of money in order to aid the officers
of the Government in protecting the rights of the
Government in California. I believe the money
that has been expended theie has been well ex-
pended, so fur as affording protection to the rights
of the Government in its lands there isconcerned.
I believe the Senate knows very well that under
the last Administration the present Secretary of
War was sent to California specially with a view
to protect the rights of the Government there. I
believe with regard to many of these eases, among
the counsel on the other side for the claimants
against the United States was the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland himself. He was concerned
in the cases 
Mr. JOHNSON. One of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know how far
the money appropriated by the Government in
procuring legal assistance might have operated
against theinterests of hiselients, but it certainly
operated for the benefit of the United States, as 1
have understood. The Government seem to have
adopted this policy on tk*1 ground of necessity,to
protect the rights ofthe United States and to have
some additional aid for the United States attorney,
for it is very manifest that one man cannot be able
to do everything; and as that is the opinion of
the Government, and the sum is a small one, I
think it would be very unwise in Congress to
strike out theappropriation, because it would not
be asked for probably unless similar appropria-
tions bad been found benefictal heretofore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on striking out the word "one" in
line nine hundred and eleven.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] in his mo-
tion to strike out. I am aware, as is stated by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, that
large appropriations were made under the la&t
Administration for the avowed purpose of "pro-
tecting the interests of the Government in the
public lands in California. X am also aware ho^ir
thoselargeappropriations wereapplied,and wheii
I affirm that for the most part they were applied
in maintaining the one side of controversies be-
tween private citizens, in which the Government
had not and could not have any possible interest,
and in the unjust and oppressive use of the natae,
authority, officers, and money of the Government
in the promotion of personal interests to the de-
struction of the just rights of thousands of the
citizens of the State I m part represent; when 1
affirm all this 1 know that 1 am right. Not less
than an amount of property equal to fifty million
dollars in value, the rightful property of citizens
under the provisions of the tieaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, has been wrested from these citizens by
the unjust exercise and employment of the power
and money of this Government in my State. The
power and the money of the Government weife
brought against the individual and often the hum-
bit; citizen. The citizen, whether proud or hum-
ble, had no adequate means of resistance, and has
been left alone to impotent complainings.
The Government had in California upright and
capable judges. Thedistrictattorueysappointed
by the Government were in nil respects equal to
their offices, yet more than a quarter of a million
dollais has been paid out of the public Treasury
for extra legal machinery, designed not so much
to promote the ends of justice and the trtithtfs
to pamper tire already bloated parasites of official
power. The present Secretary of War, then the
favorite ofthe late President, Mr. Buchanan, and
hisAftorney General,Mr. Black,received directly
for brief services, called but "miscalled public ser-
vices as counsel, bet ween thirty arid forty thousand
dollais, and he received and returned vouchers for
S nearly twice as great an amount.
1 The result of his most rmportant mission there
has just now determined. Thejjreat Almaden
I case has been finally decided; and how? For the
advantage of the Government? No. He has
succeeded in establishing the claim of one paity
i over the possession of another, and in opening a
1 new branch of the stock market in New York
and this city. That in this matter the agent,
I counsel, anil money and authority of the Uhiti'd
! States weie employed to carry on unequal war
i between private litigants is now demonstrated,
i and I am well assured that in this matter the now
j honorable Secretary was the retained counsel of
t one natty to the controversy. A fortune fiorti
I the Government and a fortune from private pa'r-
! ties for a six months'service. Veiily, wonderful
j are the ways of Providence.
i The case stated is but one of many of the same
I class; and how has it been possible for Hie pri-
I vate and often poor cuizen to resist such over-
; whelming force J
| I complain of these extiaor.'liimry appiopria-
I tionsand their application as an unjnst oppiession.
The course of Government m conducting these
litigations has destroyed al! confidence m what
we regatded as the most secure titlesin theState.
There is 110 greatei^vil in a State than unsettled
titles. It is the business of Government to pro-
mote their settlements. It has been the office of
this Government to unsettle what had been long
regarded as settled in California.
I trust the policy of the last Administration as
to land ligitation m California will not be pur-
sued through this. It may be suggested by some
that the special counsel of Government aie en-
titled to consideration for defeating Lhe Santiilan
and Lunautour claims, but their claim to have
done so is but the attempt at the appropriation of
the chattels of otheis.
The wrong that is .past cannot be corrected;
but I am not witling, as an upright legislator and
as a representative of my Slate,"to promote these
things. The twojudges who have charge ofthese
