1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Powell,
Senate."
the State by a large vote, and the Republican lead-
ers had the military brought in to prevent their
defeat at the general election. It is proven by
some of these provost marshals, and the provost
marshals were in chief command, it seems, in Del-
awaie, that they did not think there was any ne-
cessity for the military being there to preserve
order. A singular fact in connection with these
Delaware elections is, that these provost marshals
were commissioned by the Secretary of War,
Mr. Stanton, on the very eve of the election. The
commissions were received the day before the elec-
tion and were sent to Delaware in blank,and were
there filled up by the party leaders of the Repub-
lican party.
It is further shown that great interferences took
place in the election there. It is further proven
that the then Governor of Delaware did not ask
the intervention of the military to preventdomes-
tic disorder and violence; hut that ho was op-
posed to their coming. The testimony of the
ex-Governor is embodied in the report. Tt is
proved very clearly by the testimony of ex-Gov-
ernor Ross, that General Wool, a majorgenei al in
the Army of the United Stales, came to the State ef
Delaware with a body of troops on theeveof the
election. General Wool, in an interview which
Governor Ross had with him, told him the elec-
tion should be fair. After the polls were opened,
discovering that these provost marshals and their
adherents were preventing the Democrats from
tasting their votes, and interfering with the elec-
tion, Governor Ross went to General Wool and
told him he promised them a fair election, and
the provost marshals were conducting it far other-
wise than fairly. General Wool told him—and
it is in the testimony of Governor Ross, sworn
to hi this book—that for the tune being lie had
no control; that he was ically under the com-
mand of the provost marshals, and declined to
interpose in order to pievent interference at the
polls.
Thus it will be seen that Mr. Stanton, the Sec-
retary of War, was engaged in this business of
interfering in elections, tie sent blank commis-
sions of provost marshals to his party friends to be
filled up to suit their purposes. Sn, they must
have been very menial tools of power to consent
to act as provost marshals to do this dirty work
of preventing honest and loyal men from cast-
ing their votes. It seems itwas all trusted to the
members of the Republican party who were man-
aging for the time and controlling the election.
You will find that the President put his own hand
to the work in Maryland, aided by General
Schenck; General Uurnside of infamous memory
controls it in Kentucky; and Edwin M. Stanton,
the Secretary of War, perpetrates a similar out-
rage in Delaware.
i discovered from the reading of the testimony
that insti uctions accompanied the commissions of
these provost marshals; end I mtiodueed a reso-
lution into tin; Senate asking the Secretary of
War to send us the orders and the instructions,
if any had been given, to those provost marshals.
That has been some three weeks ago. A few
days ago I had a second resolution sent to the
Secretaiy of War on the subject; and he stands
in contempt of the Senate and does not send us
those.instructions and orders to his provost mar-
shals, or tell us whether he ever sent any or not;
and yet one of his provost marshals sweats that
instructions did accompany his commission, and
hp exhibited his commission from Mr. Stanton
as Secretary of War.
So far as the Mjssoui injections are concerned,
it is unnecessary for me to say much. I must do
the military commander of Missouri the justice
to say that of all the orders that have been'issued
on the subject in the States, his are by far the
best; and yet there are one or two things in his
oidets that are very objectionable. I repeat,
however, that it is unnecessmy for me to say
much m tegaid to the Missouri elections. 1 have
before me and 1 have examined the testimony
taken in three contested seats in the other end of
tilts C'i |>ito! 11 om that State, and 1 can say without
fear of e.ontiadietton there never were greater out-
rages committed on the elective franchise than by
the military m Missouri. "Why, sir, they arrested
and impitsoned men for attempting to vote, they ;
toio uj> the poll-books, they drove legal voters from i
~Ne\y Hcules—No. f>.
the elecrion poll, and almost every outrage you
could imagine they committed. Upon that sub-
ject we have sworn testimony, and that testimony
is undergoing investigation in the other end of
this Capitol; and I find by the journals of yester-
day morning that the Committee of Elections in
the House have determined to send back ail those
cases to the people upon the sole ground that the*
military interfered with the freedom of the elec-
tions. It is a pregnant fact, and one that I hope
the Senate will consider on the passage of this bill.
When we find such evidence and such action upon
the evidence as has taken place in the other
House, I do not think the Senate ought for a mo-
ment to hesitate to pass this bill, on the ground
that there has been no interference with elections.
But, Mr. President, had there been no such in-
terference it would still be wise and proper to pass
this bill. We should not wait for crime to he
committed before we paxs laws denouncing pen-
alties against it; but as wise lawgivers we should
make the law to prevent as well as punish crime.
The fact that the law was on the statute-book
would deter those who contemplated such offenses,
if such offenses should be committed as are set
forth in this bill, none will say that the offenders
ought not to be severely punished. The evidence
is full and abundant that there has been the most
outrageous interference by the military in four of
the States of this Union in the elections.
The writer of the report from the Military Com-
mittee claims power to do all these things under
the Jaw of necessity, military necessity, and it
is under that plea that these persons are justified.
I have heard that plea, Mr. President, ever since
these encroachments upon the Constitution and
the laws of the country have been going on. They
speak of the nation struggling for its life. Well,
sir, I confess, and [ do it regrettmgly, too, that
the nation is struggling for its life. I regard the
Constitution and the laws made in pmnuance
thereof as the life of the country, and that is se-
riously endangered, for we find the President and
those he controls, who should protect and defend
the Constitution, invading it at almost every point.
I do not think that the life of the nation is in any
more danger from the rebels—though God knows
that danger is great enough—than it is from do-
mestic traitois af home who are charged with the
preservation of the Constitution, and yet arc kill-
ing it.
The writer of the report seems to assume that
the Executive has a light to govern every other
department of the Government, and control the
institutions of all the States, and that he is to be
appealed to for the protection of the people. Is
it not most humiliating, sir, that the people in a
country governed by constmTtionsand lawsshould
be driven to appeal to any one man for protec-
tion? Montesquieu, in his hook upon the Rise
and Fall of the Roman Empire, makes a remark
on this subject which j will read to the Senate.
Speaking of the senate's entreating Pompey to
undertake the defense of the republic, he says;
'•If that name might be properly given to a government
which implored piotection fiom one of n- citizen?:/'
The doctrine of those gentlemen who desire to
clothe the Executive with tins supreme power,
with this absolute power, with this more than dic-
tatorial power, places this great Republic in that
humiliating attitude. I do not think that a citizen
in a country governed by law was ever di iven to
the necessity of appealing to one man for piotec-
tion. Sn, the cittz< n who for the time being fills
the chief executive office is bound to see that the
laws are faithfully executed: that !•* his duty.
There is no libel ty save in the supremacy of the
law. in all free Governments the citizen appeals
to the law for protection.
Mr. President, all usurper? and all tyrants that
have gone before us, those who have overthrown
the libet ties of every people who have lost their
hbei tics, claim their powers under this plea of
necessity. Cccsar, when he led his army from ;
G ml,crossed the Rubicon, and overthrew the lib- i
erties of his oountiy, did it upon the plea of ne- ;
cessity, and tyrants the world over have done the 'j
same tiling. The Pi csident .veins to me to follow j|
in the footsteps of Cresar, Pompey, and Crom-
well. The ChiefMagisti ate, i regiet to say, seems ij
to copy all the faults, while he has exhibited none ij
of the vi) tuef of those distinguished men II
Now, sir, allow me to read to you what the
same writer says about the action of these two-
distinguished men in Rome—how it was they
sapped the foundations of the iibertiesof the peo-
ple. Speaking of Pompey, Montesquieu says:
" Fie employed the vilest of the populace to incommode
the magistiates in the exercise of ih'-ir functions, in hopes
that wise people, growing weary or living in a «tate of an-
archy, would be urged by despaii to cieaie mm dictator."
Do we not find the same thing going on here?
Are not the President and his military officers in-
terfering with the civil magistrates? There can
be no doubt about it.
Speaking of Csesar, the same author says:
"He raised troubles in the city by his emissaries; he
madehim^elfmasterofalleleetions ; and consuls, prsetors,
and tubunes purchased their promotions at their owa
pucp.'>
"lie made himself master of all elections."
That is what is being done here. How was it
with Oliver Cromwell ? The Protector appointed
twelve major genetals to take charge of the twelve
districts into which he divided the British empire,
and they went forth armed with all power; they
decimated the people; they taxed them at their
discretion, and exacted enormous tribute from"
them, and in that way the people were held in
subservience to the military authority. The Pro-
tector dissolved one Parliament and carried on his
Government by a Council of State. After a while,
believing that such had been the glory of his ad-
ministration in its foreign wars, and such was
the subserviency of the people created by the
action of his twelve majorgenerals, that he could
have a Parliament elected that would be subserv-
ient to his will, he ot dered an election. The elec-
tion was held, and how was it conducted ? [ will
read an extract ftom Mr. Hume on that subject:
" Ciomwell began to hope thai, by his admimstiatiou, at-
tended with so much lu ter and vuceess ubtoad, so much
order and tranquillity at home, he had now acquired such
authority as would enable him to meet the representatives
of' the nation, and would a^uic him of then dutiful com-
pliance with his Government, lie •summoned a Parlia-
ment; but not trusting altogethci to the trood-will of the
people, lie tis-ed every ait which his new model of repre-
sentation allowed turn to employ, in order to influence the
elections and till the Hoti>e with hi? own cieatuies Ire-
land, beintr entueiy in the hands ol the aiiny, chose few
but Mich officcts as vvcie mo-t acceptable to htm. Scot-
bind sdiowed a like compliance; and as the nobility and gen-
tly of that kingdom leaaided ilien attendance on English Par-
liaments a- an ignominious badge of s-Iaveiy, it was on that
account more easy Un the officeis to pie vail" in the elections.
Notwithstanding all the.-e precautions the Piotector still
found ihat the majonty would not be fuvoiable to him. He
set guaids, theietoie, on the door, who permitted none to
enter but such as produced a warrant Irom his Council;
and the Council rejected about a hundred, who cither re-
fused a lecognitiou of the Protectoi's Government, or were
on other account* obnoxious to him. The-e protested
ngaui.-t so egregious a violence, subversive of all liberty;
bur eveiy application toi iedie-8 wa  neglected, both by
the Council and the Paihainent.
u The majority of the Pat liameut. bv means of these arts
and violences, were now at last either friendly to the Pro-
tector, or resolved, bv their compliance, to adjust, if pos-
sible, thirf military Government to then lavv& and liberties."
Mr. President, from the authorities I have read
it seems that we are following in the footsteps of
nations whose hbei lies have been overthrown and
trampled down beneath the iron heel of military des-
potism. It is said that history but reenacts itself,
and it seems to me in view of all the lights in ihe
past which we have before us, that this once great
and glorious country of ours is about to be de-
stioyed and us liberties oveithiown by tlvsame
means that have destroyed all the free Govern-
ments that have gone befoie us. It is a foot that
we should well ponder and consider, that it is by
military power that free nations heretofore have
lost their liberties. It isour duty,if it is possible
to do so by wis>e laws, to see to it that the hopes
of the woiid in regard to (he glory, prosperity,
and peipetuity of this Republic shall not be
wrecked on the same lock.
I said a moment ago that if we are to have lib-
erty we must be governed by Liw; that liberty can
only exi>t m the suprt tnacy of thelaw. On that
point Mr. Loclc ways:
<• Wheic law md-, tyianny begins. If the Jtw bp trans-
greyed to another's* haiin, him whomsoever in authority
exceed- Urn pnwei given him by the law and make* u-e of
the foiee he ii:tb und'ei in* command to ein.ip.is> that upon
tiie subject which the l.uv allows nor, eea-e? in ihat to be a
magi-tuue, and acting without anihuniy mav be opposed
a.- anj other man who invade* the lights ot another. ?
That is a wise maxim laid down by Mr. Locke;
but if I had uttered it a year or two ago my loy«
