1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^fe
that we will tax auction sales as being a peculiar
kind of business, which in its very nature will
4 bear taxation, it being a mere agency paying well,
the only question that remains to be considered
is the amount of the tax.
I was struck by the fact that the auctioneers
who first came here and talked with us about it
stated that the only difficulty was between them
and the brokers with regard to these sales, and
they said distinctly that if we put half the tax upon
the brokers who sold merchandise and the same
things that they sold that we put upon them, it
would be about right: Accordingly, not perceiv-
ing why the brokers should not pay a reasonable
tax, we did it. The next thing was, we had a
delegation saying that owing to the peculiar na-
ture of the business, as carried on in New York,
it would not do to tax them at all. The gentle-
man who came to us was a very clear-headed and
excellent gentleman, and in a very few remarks
he gave his opinion, stating that he came as a del-
egation, and went off after giving his opinions.
We, however, remained of the same opinion as
we were before, that under the circumstances the
tax of one fourth of one per cent., inasmuch as
we put a tax ofNane eighth on brokers of mer-
chandise, &c., which they do not seem to com-
plain of, would, be about right.
The Mouse of Representatives did not put any
tax on the sale of merchandise. We impose a tax
of one eighth of one per cent. With regard to
the sale of stocks, &c., that is an entirely different
kind of'business; the profit is very small, almost
jminute; and on full consideration we came to the
conclusion that a tax of one twentieth of one per
cent, was as much as that business would bear,
and we fixed it accordingly at that rate.
I can only say that the bill as it stands is the
result of the most careful and deliberate and, I
certainly may say, unprejudiced consideration
that the committee could give to the whole sub-
ject. If Senators can throw any further light on
the subject, and satisfy themselves that the com-
mittee is wrong, I shall be very glad to have any-
thing wrong in the bill corrected. I have no pri-
vate opinion about it, as I stated before. My
own opinion is, this tax had better stand.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will understand
that I do not come foiward in any spirit of criti-
cism of the committee.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I understand that per-
fectly.
Mr. SUMNER. All I have said I have said
in the way of honest contribution to the perfec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I assure the Senator I
do not take it in any other sense.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not suppose the Sena-
tor did; but I wish to exonerate myself from all
possibility of any such suggestion. As I have
already stated, I have received several letters on
the subject. The Senator from Maine may re-
member, but probably he has forgotten it, that
twoyearsago I interested myselfin this veryques-
tion, when the bill was originally before the Sen-
ate; and now, my own impression, after looking
into the matter, is that if we persevere in the rate
adopted two yearsago,all things considered, that
would, perhaps, be the best,though Isee the diffi-
culties in that. Those difficulties grow outof the
fact that any uniform rule,, applicable to all cases,
is productive of some hardship. Different kinds
of auction sales produce different degrees of
profit, and they might pay, therefore, a different
rate of tax. There is a certain part of the business
of an auctioneer, that to which I have already re-
ferred, as, for instance, the sale of a cargo of teas
on a large scale, where the tax which is now pro-
posed would be very onerous indeed, and out of
proportion.
Mr. HARRIS. I do notexpect or suppose-that
the proposition of the committee will be changed
by the Senate, and yet it is my belief that this tax
is too high. The auctioneer in the State of New
York pays that State three fourths ofone percent,
every year, and now if we add to that another
fourth, it makes one per cent, discrimination
against him, and in favor of the commission mer-
chant. I understand that the auctioneer, such is
the nature of the business, cannot chaige the
whole amountof this tax over to his customer; he
pays it now out of his own pocket. I do not
know what there is in the nature of the auction-
eer's business that would justify this discrimina-
tion between him and the commission merchant.
He is, as the Senator from Massachusetts has
said, but a commission merchant. The only dif-
ference between them is the mode in which they
make their sales. Each sells goods for another.
He is an agent for the principal, and sells goods
for the principal. I. cannot see why the auc-
tioneer should be made to pay a tax of one per
cent, when the commission merchant pays only
one eighth of one per cent.
I am not very observing nor have I much ex-
perience in relation to commercial affairs, but I
have observed in the course of my business life
that the amount of auction business in the city of
New York has been reduced, I think one half-,
certainly there is not near the amount of auction
business now that there was formerly, and there
is a great deal more commission business done.
The commission merchant, in my judgment, is
getting the advantage of the auction merchant in
consequence of this tax. It seems to me there
is no good reason why the auctioneer should be
taxed in this bill a quarter of one percent, and the
commission merchant only one eighth of one per
cent.
Mr. SHERMAN-. I wish to add one or two
words to the statements that have already been
made in regard to this tax. If the auctioneer sold
only the same character of goods as the commer-
cial broker, there would be no justice in discrim-
inating between them. There is no reason why,
because goods are sold at public outcry, the tax
should be higher than when sold by samples;
but there is this difference: an auctioneer sells a
very different kind of merchandise. It is true
that formerly the auctioneer in New York sold
teas, coffees, and the likty but I am informed that
that business has now chiefly gone into the hands
of mercantile brokers, who, by hiring a little office
in Wall street or some other street in New Yoilc,
sell cargoes of coffee, teas, and other products by
small samples. People who desire to buy large
quantities of such goods go and inspect the sam-
ples and buy from the samples. They take.the
place of auctioneers in a great measure.
But auctioneers besides selling,'sometimes, car-
goes of this kind, sell furniture, dry goods, and
a great variety of articles that are not sold by the
broker and cannot be sold by the bioker; that
are only sold by inspection, each person seeing
the article before buying it.
An auctioneer receives as his commission for
selling these goods from three to five per cent.,
while the commercial or mercantile broker never
receives over one half of one per cent., and I be-
lieve the usual commission in New York is one
fourth of one percent. Itis manifest, therefore,
that if you apply the same rate of taxation to
both employments you do injustice to the com-
mercial broker. The tax of one eighth of one
per cent, on the commercial broker is much higher
in proportion to the amount received by him than
a tax of one per cent, on the auctioneer. Every
county in the United States has an auctioneer.
Their sales are varied. They sell generally per-
sonal property, horses, cattle, and furniture, and
they sell at open outcry. There a tax of one per
cent, is very small indeed. As we must apply
some general principle of taxation, it seems to
me to make it less than that it would be utterly
insignificant. In New York, perhaps, and in the
very large cities, it may.operate unjustly, espe-
cially when applied to the sale of cargoes of cof-
fee and tea; but I do not know of any other auc-
tion sales where the tax would be considered too
high.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no controversy with
the proposition of the committee to fix the per-
centage upon auctions at one fourth of one per
cent, and shall vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts; but if 1 can get an
opportunity I shall move to strike out the word
"eighth "in the thirteenth line of the ninety-eighth
section and substitute the word " sixth,"sO as
to make commercial brokers pay one sixth in-
stead of one eighth of one per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. That will come up when this
amendment is disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. If the Senator from
Ohio knows of any branch of meicantile busi-
ness in New York that is not done through a
mercantile broker, he knows something that 1 do
not. I know that there are mercantile brokers in
almost every branch of business. There aie hard-
ware brokers; there are brokers who deal rn. al-
most every particular kind of domestic man-afao
ture, and in. various kirids of foreign imported
articles, i agree w,ith the Senators from Ne\y
York and Massachusetts; I cannot conceive of
any earthly reason-why a man whogoes'into the
Corn Exchange in New York or Chicago,- and.
there mlakea a sale upon that public ground1 of a
large amount of produce or merchandise; ought
not to,pay pretty nearly ;i:v]iirge a percentage as
the auctioneer who sells in his own domicile, and
who is at the expense <G>f renting and keeping, it
open.- . .
. It is said that thie auctioneer gete i. larger per-
centage. So he does, providing he guaranties
the sale? and so does the broker when he guar-
anties the sale. They, both sell by-saipplef.- I
think theSenatorfrom No \vY o r k, [ ;\1 r. AI o a g a n ,]
who is familiar with sales in New York, will bear
testimony to that fact. They both sej.1 by jsam^
ples;'atid it is true, as has been stated here to-
niglit, the tendency has been to have the business
of the country done in these cities through these
brokers. Every new corn exchange—and the^;
are establishing exchanges of different kinds, a#4:
have even got that of boots and shoes iq sorae-of
tho States—tends to break up the business of the
auctioneers and puts this business into the hands
of the brokers. If there can be,any reason .as-
signed why the broker should not pay as muc.h
as the auctioneer I am not able,to discover tile
reason. , ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER., Tfee quv-stion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-,
chusetts.
The amendment was rejected. :
Mr. GRIMES. I now.,propose -
Mr. CLARIC. You cannot offer that amend-
ment until we get into the Senate. - .
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER.' There is one amendment that
is not perhaps strictly in order and I cannot offer
it until we get into the Senate, but I call tin; ar-i
tention of the chairman of the committee .to-it,
and perhaps he will have it made, and save the-
trouble of referring.to it in the Senate. It i« on
page 234, the new section relating to consuls t>£'
foreign .countries. There is this proviso to the
section :
Provided, Tliat the countries which fetich consuls may*
represent «hal! extend similar exemption to the emwiiU of
the United States.
It will be apparent that the assessors or collect-
ors cannot easily have the means of knowing what
the laws of foreign countries on this sub ject are,
and I would suggest the addition of these wmds";
" and the certificate of the Secretary of State shall
be the evidence of such exemption if} furctgn (Haiti?
tries," so that the assessors shall address the
Secretary of State in order to ascertain -whether:
our consuls in foreign countries have the exearp-
lion which ii is proposed to allow to them in ours,-
Without some such provision as that it scems-
to me the section would be very difficult to carry
into execution; indeed; I di> not know how "the
assessors wjll ascertain that fact.,
Mr. FE3SENDEN. I was about to remijrk
that probably the Commissioner of Internal Xtev-
enue could ascertain the fact in regard "to it and
instruct the assessors. Those things generally go
through tho Commissioner. I have no manner
of objection,' however, to the amendment sug-
gested, except that the certificate fcould not well bo
furnished to'each assessor. 'I think'there will be
no difficulty about itas it sta'nds, because the Com-
missioner Of Internal Revenue would ascertain the
fact and inform the assessors.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will not offer
the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the bill
on page 17, section nineteen, line four,.by insert-
ing after the word " be" the words " if not, then
in some newspaper in the collection district most
accessible;" so that the advertisements shall be
published somewhere at all events. It will' then
read: , ,
That the assessois for each collection district sha!f,.I)y
advertisement in some public newspaper published in each
county within said -district, if any such ttiere b<J, if not,
then in some new-striper in the collection district most
accessible, and by "notifications to be posted'up hi'at least
four public -places within each t^sses^in^nt iiistriet, adver-
tise, by not less than ten days* notice, all person's' c-nn-
cerned of the time'fof which not-less than ten days' notice
shall be given)-ant) place-wftlan Baid county when and
i wheie appeals will be received, &e.
