648
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 15,
iegrity of the officers of the Government, a& a
general thing, and have very great confidence in
the ability and integrity and the superior knowl-
edge of the Committee on Finance, especially of
its chairman; and I wilt not reply 'to him in the
spirit that he manifested when he said that I know
nothing about such things. I admit that I know
altogether less about such things than he does,
and 1 am willing to admit that he possesses very
great knowledge about, them; but still here hap-
pens to be an appropriation for one single item
that the Senate generally, I suppose, can under-
stand, and all of us can understand when atten-
tion is called to it,
i find by looking at the report of the Secretary
of the Interior that he estimates for the compen-
sation of the surveyor general of Arizona, (and
refers to the act of February 24,1863, 32 Statutes
a$ Large, page 665, section 2,) the sum of$2,250;
and for the compensation of the clerks in the office
of .thesurveyorgeneral, $2,000. The act referred
to makes no provision for clerks at all. 1 did in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance as I supposed he had superior information
on the subject, and I wanted to be informed what
the law was in regard to clerks. 1 confessed my
ignorance in regard to it. I had not looked into
the statutes. I did know, I happened to recol-
lect, that when we passed the bill to organize the
Territory of Arizona, it was the understanding
that the officers were not to be paid until they
went there and entered upon the discharge of their
duties. I was not aware that there was any law
allowing clerks to the surveyor general; 1 am not
aware now that there is. But if we pass this ap-
propriation bill m the sha^e in which it comes to
us we make an appropriation for the payment of
clerks there, and undoubtedly clerks will be em-
ployed if there is money appropriated for their
payment. a
The salary of the surveyor general, as I am
informed by my friend, thy chairman on Public
Lands, (Mr. Harlan,J is $2,000 a year. The
sum estimated here is ^2,250. If 1 thought it
would not be an offense i would really like to in-
quire of the Senator from Maine how it is possi-
ble that $2,250 can be needed to pay until June
next an officer who, the same report states,had
not reached Arizona in July last. If we were to
appropriate enough to pay the salary for a year,
that certainly would cover the whole of it, and
reach until the 1st of July next; and then the sum
needed could be but $2,000 by possibility, if the
salary is$2,0G0and wo appropriate it forthc year.
It is not a large sum, it is true, and I am not dis-
posed to take up time in regard to it; but I did
not wish the Senator to suppose that 1 acted in a
fault-finding spirit with anybody, as 1 certainly
would not with him, at any rate. 1 know that
the labors ol his committee are very great; 1 know
he is very exact in the reports which ho makes
" from the committee, and in common with the Sen-
ate and the whole country i feel under great obli-
gations to him f« r the care with which he scru-
tinizes these appropriation bills. 1 only regret
that my calling attention to a small matter ui this
bill should have led him to suppose that it was in
a spirit of fault-finding with him or with anybody
else. Tin* only object 1 had way to eonect the
appropriation m lefereiice to this item if it was
wtong; and if not, to ascei tain that it was right,
and then let it puss us it was.
I think the principle which the Senator laid
down, that we should appi opriute across .sum and
leave it to the Department to use the money or
not, is an linpioper piinciple upon which to legis-
late. 1 think it would bo wrong fo appropriate
a larger amount to pay the salaries of the Govern-
ment officers than they would amount to by a
computation. 1 have no doubt the commntce
does see to that, and takes care that we do not
appropiiate a sum without examination and leave
it to the officers to pay out the propet amount.
What I understand by our appropriation bills is
that we see that they are based upon nets ofCon-
gress oi upon estimates which will require the
amount that we appropiiate. That is all that 1
desire in this ease.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the proposition susceptible
of amendment now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. I move then to sti ike out. the sum
now in the clause and to substitute $2,000. That
will pay the surveyor general his salary and will
leave nothing for the clerks. As I understand it,
there have been no surveys made in that district,
and there is no probability of any surveys being
made there very soon. There are no records to take
care of, and there is no necessity for any clerical
force whatever. We got ourselves into a scrape
by authorizing the creation of the office, and 1 do
not see that we can get out of it otherwise than by
paying the salary we agreed to pay; but I do not
think there is any law that authorizes the ap-
pointment of clerks, and I do not see that there is
any necessity for clerks beingappointed. I there-
fore move to reduce the sum to $2,000 and strike
out the clerks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I find this appropriation
estimated for on page 151 of the estimates: " For
compensation of the surveyor general of the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, per act February 24, 1863,
$3,000." And then, "For compensation of his
clerks, $4,000." That is based upon the act or-
ganizing the Territory of Arizona; and 1 am sur-
prised that the Senator from Illinois should say
to the Senate that he is not able to see any au-
thority of law for the employment of clerks in
that surveyor general's office. It would have
been a very singular thingif Congress had recog-
nized an office of that sort without allowing clerks
to aid the surveyor general. The second sec-
tion of the act, on page 665 of volume twelve of
the Statutes at Large, provides:
"There shall also be a sccrct.ny, a marshal, a district at-
torney, and a burvoyor general, for h«nd Teintoiy, who, to-
gether with the Coventor and judges of the supreme court,
shall he appointed by the Piesident, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; and the term of olhce for
each, the manner ot their appointment, and the powers,
duties, and compensation of the Governor, Legislative As-
Kembly, judges ot the supieme couit, beeretaiy, maishal,
di^Oiei attorney,and sinvejor general aforesaid, with their
clerks, dinughtsmen, deputies, and «<«r{ eant-at-anrix, shall
be such as are conferred upon the name officers by the act
organizing the temtoiwl government ol New .Mexicoste.
So that we shall have to refer to the act organ-
izing the territorial government of New Mexico
to see what number of cleiksare allowed, and at
what compensation, if that law is the law gov-
erning this case. It does not devolve on me, sir,
to vindicate the integrity or the intelligence of the
Commissioner of the General Land Officej^but
when he sends in an estimate it is fairto presume
that the facts do exist under the law which author-
ize the expenditure of the money. The law pro-
vides that there shall no salary be due to the
surveyor general or to his cleilcs until they are
upon the ground and have entered upon the dis-
charge of their duties; and when the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office sends in his
estimates it is fair to presume that the facts jus-
tify the estimates, that the officers have entered in
fact upon the discharge of the duties of their offices;
and I should not go beyond these estimates on
the question of fact whether they had entered on
the discharge of their duties under this law, be-
cause until they had so entered, the Commis-
sioner could not make an estimate for their sala-
ries. Hut 1 am also informed at that office that
they have gone to that Territory, and of course
I shall voto for their payment.
I do not undertake to go back and question the
propiiety of the passage of the law organizing the
temtonal government of Arizona or establishing
a sut veyor generaloffice thei em. 1 do not sup-
pose that if 1 had been a member of this body at
that time 1 should have voted for the law; 1 do
not think it is very impoi tant for the public inter-
ests that there should be such an office in thatTer-
ntory. Hut it is provided for by Jaw; the sur-
veyor general has gone to the place where his
j duties are to be discharged; the estimates are sent
m; and 1 think we have but little to do except to
vote for the estimates. And 1 will call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that the uppiopria-
tion proposed in this bill is now much below the
estimate of the Commissioner. It is only $4,250.
This will allow but the employment of a very
small eleiieal force; and anyone acquainted with
the business of a surveyor general's office knows
that there must be eleiks of very considerable
skill and knowledge, there must be draughtsmen,
and the corps of clerks necessarily is considera-
ble. I suppose that this appropriation is a very
small one, and i will agree with the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. RaulanJ if he thinks that this sur-
veyor general ought not to be continued, that we
should lake hold of the thing and dispose of it;
that is, repeal the law creating the office,or con-
solidate that office with some other, If he says
that is right and proper, I shall go with him forit.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to modify his
amendment so as to put in the amount reported by
the committee, and add, " or so much thereof as
may be necessary." Nobody wants to appropri-
ate more than is necessary to pay for the actual
service. I suppose everybody is willing to pay
for that. 1 supposed those words were unneces-
sary; but still Senators seem to be apprehensive
that under the appropriation the accounting offi-
cers will pay money for services not rendered.
I do not think it is at all necessary to add the
words I have suggested,but I think it would meet
the objections of Senators.
Mr. GRIMES. I would be willing to do it, but
we all know that this is to pay for no service, but
to reward a man who has rendered some political
service to somebody and been sent out to Arizona,
Mr. ANTHONY. I do notknow who thesur-
veyorgeneral is. There was a man appointed from
my State, and his appointment was withdrawn be-
cause there was no appropriation made. 1 will
say here that I expectcd that when an appoint-
ment was made it would be made from the State of
Rhode Island; but some one has been appointed,
I do not know who he is, and he has gone out
there.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the State of Rhode Isl-
and was very badly served because the appointee
was not taken from that State, for I believe the
State of Rhode Island has special and particular
interests in Arizona, her people owning some of
the mines there.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think so too.
Mr. GRIMES. It was greatly through that in-
fluence that this Territory was created and these
officers put as a burden on the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. But because the State of
Rhode Island has been badly treated by not giv-
ing us the surveyor, I am not therefore m favor of
treating badly the man who was appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes.]
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
returns on the amendment of the Senator from Il-
linois, to strike out the clause.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have instructed me to offer an amendment,
after line two hundred and twenty-three to insert:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for Capitol
police for the Senate, $<1,30.0 75.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for stationery
for the Senate, $6,000.
To supply a deiieiency in the appropriation for miscella-
neous itoms foi iho Senate, ^20,1)00.
I wish to say a word upon these items. In re-
gard to the first two, I take itthere is no objection
to them, and I do not know that there is to the
last. The fust is to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the payment of the Capitol po-
lice, and that arises from our own legislation in
increasing their compensation twenty per cent.,
and making no appiopnation for the increased
compensation. The next is a deficiency for sta-
tionery, which auses, as I am told, from the in-
creased price of stationery since last year, the
oi iginal estimates being made somewhat upon the
old prices. The third item is for a deficiency in
the " miscellaneous items," so called, of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate. There is already an
absolute deficiency; that is to say, there are bills
due amounting to something over ten thousand
dollars, and which bills have not been paid, as I
understand; and then there is a very considerable
portion of the time from now until the 1st of July
left to provide for.
I suppose the sum is small enough. I do not
know how that is, howevei. it is not so large as
was at fust proposed, and we must necessarily,
as in other cases, form the best estimate wc can
from what has previously taken place. But,sir,
1 wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that, in my judgment, there is some legisla-
tion necessary by way of check upon the expend-
iture of -money m the Senate and connected with
the Senate. There is either some legislation ne-
cessary, or it is essential that the legislation we
have had should be enforced. My attention has
been called to the fact that for the last, three aes-
