1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871
question. The reason w)iy a man who cnrrins on
both processes should be taxed differently from
the man who carrieson but one,is becauseit will
be a great deal more convenient to him and just
as well for the Government; and it seems to me
that we ought in laying these taxes to make them
as convenient to the people as we can. A man
escapes no taxation, but it is much more conven-
ient to him.
Mr. CLARK. It does not always follow that
because it is more convenient to the individual
it ia more convenient or safe to the Government.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have got one more amend-
ment yet. On page 15G, section one hundred and
two, line thirty-seven, I move to insert after the
„word " notwithstanding" the following words:
Provided further, That when the production of any man-
ufactured article shall not realize a net profit more than
yutficieiit to keep the apparatus, machinery, or manufac-
toryin efficient repair, meaning thereby that a customary
amount shall remain to the manufacturer for the wearand
tear ot his apparatus, machinery, or manufactory, the tax
of five per cent., as heretofore provided upon the gross
amount of products, shall bfe remitted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is, the Government
must insure "the manufacturer a profit!
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to an amend-
ment that was passed by and no question taken
upon it, at page 139; and if the committee shall
assent to the proposition which I shall suggest, I
should like to have it adopted; otherwise 1 shall
reserve it until we get in the Senate. On page
139, line three hundred and twelve of section
ninety-three, the tax on stoves is raised from $1 50
to $5; that is two hundred and thirty-three per
cent. Stoves are used mainly by the poorer classes
of people. Almost all the tenement houses are
built now without fire-places. The fire-places
take up a great deal of room and cost a good deal
in construction. The houses are built with small
chimneys, merely to carry off the smoke from the
stove-pipes. The taxes on the raw material of
which stoves are manufactured have been,as we
all know, very largely increased. Iron which
was worth from sixteen to eighteen dollars a ton
a few years ago is now sixty dollars, I think.
I think this imposes rather a larger tax than the
committee would intend on articles intended for
the poorer classes of people.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the Sen-
ator would not now be in order. I thought my-
self that five dollars a ton on .hollow-ware was
out of proportion, but it cannot be acted on in
committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought, perhaps, the
committee would agree to my suggestion. If not,
I shall move my amendment in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am satisfied it is about
right as it stands.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I am satisfied
we cannot do anything with the Senator from
Maine this evening. [Laughter.] We shall have
to wait until we get into the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought of moving an
amendment that where the words " States and
Territories" are used they shall be construed to
include the District of Columbia. The bill does
not apply to the District of Columbia now; so I
thought that at the close of the bill we should
say that where the words " States and Territo-
ries" are used in this act they shall be construed
to include the District of Columbia, where such
a construction is not inapplicable.
Mr. CLARK. We have inserted " the District
of Columbia" very frequently.
Mr. POMEROY. I see it inserted only once
or twice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the bill is not correct
in that respect, the Senator will have an oppor-
tunity fo move an amendment at another time.
That is a matter which I believe is under the con-
sideration of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. POMEROY. Therearehalfadozenplaces
where it should be inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that had better
be left until we get into the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will attend to it, very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Finance Committee
have aconsiderable number of amendments which
they propose to offer, but not until the bill gets
into the Senate, as they are not all quite prepared
yet, and we want to take the bill out of Commit-
tee of the Whole to-night if wo can.
Mr. COWAN. I have a single amendment that
I am instructed by the Committee on Finance to
propose. It is on page 138, line two hundred and
ninety-eight of section njnety-three, after the
word "rods" to insert "ax-poles."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on concurring in the amendments
which have been made as m Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CLARK. On conference with the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, it is deemed advis-
able to let all the amendments stand non-con-
curred in until we have been over the bill and have
perfected it. If that can be done, and the record
properly kept, the committee would desire to take
that course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is impossible probably
to single out now the amendments upon which
Senators will want separate votes. We propose,
therefore, to let the bill stand and let Senators
call for separate votes on such amendments as
they please, and after they get through with those
to adopt all the other amendments in gross.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order of
proceeding-is entirely in the control of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. If we were to concur now, it
might be that we should concur in amendments
that ought to be further considered,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire if
it would be practicable to print these amendments
by themselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there is
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not mean the whole
bill, but the amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be impossible
to pick them all out and print them in time,they
arc so numerous.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
. Thursday, June 2, I8G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POLICY OK TIIB ADMINISTRATION.
Mr. GR1DER, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to publish in the Globe remarks on the pol-
icy of the Administration. [The speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to aquestion of privilege.
I desire to call up the case of Knox vs. Blair from
the first congressional district of Missouri.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I suggest to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts that it is very important, if the House ex-
pects to transact its business so as to adjourn be-
fore August or September, that it should proceed
with the special order for to-day. I trust the
gentleman has had enough of these Missouri con-
tested-election cases to satisfy him for the present.
Mr. GANSON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, and desire to presentthereportofthe minor-
ity in the case called by the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WADSWORTH. As two questions of
privilege and one privileged question only are be-
fore the House, I think I ought to have an oppor-
tunity of offering a resolution. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I must object.
The minority report submitted by Mr. Gansos
was received, laid upon the table,and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I gave notice some two weeks
ago of my intention to call up on a particular day
named this case of Knox and Blair. Upon that
day, at the earnest solicitation of the parties in
another election case, I gave way, and there have
intervened two of these cases since that time.
I am aware that the House is tired of these
election cases; I will not say of Missouri cases
particularly, but of these questions of privilege
which the Committee of Elections very inoppor-
tunely is forever compelled to thrust on the House.
But, sir, they tire questions of importance to the
parties and of importance to the House. They ef-
fect the rights of members to theirseats. The Com-
mittee of Elections have hastened i hem forward as
fast as the amountoflabor devolved on tMtcom-
mittee has enabled them to do. We have been
aware that the time would come toward the close-
of the session when these questions would be- .
come very irksome to the House, and when they
would hardly receive the amount of considers-
ti'on due to questions of such importance. They
have, therefore, desired to bring them before the!.
House as early as possible, ana they do not fecir
that they are guilty of any neglect m the delay
which has occurred. "
Now,.Mr. Speaker, here is a case which has
involved the committee in some embarrassment.
One of the parties to the contest is not present in
the House, and we have had some difficulty in
arranging a hearing of thf case in consequence of
that fact. We have sought by conferences with
those representing that party, who is now in the
field, to make some arrangement, but it has been
found difficult, if not impossible. They have been
compelled, as a matter of duty to this party, to
bring the matter up at this time. * While I recog-
nize the importance of the measure which the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] repre-
sents to the whole House and to the country; still
I have to say if this case is to be heard at all this
session, itdoesseem to me that it should be heard
now; and I do not feel at liberty, therefore, to
yield the position which the rules entitle me to.
While any motion may be made in reference fo
it, I should regret to see the matterpostpdned.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the subject be
postponed for one week after to-morrow; and on
that motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. GANSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. GANSON. I submit the report of the
minority of the Committee of Elections in this
case, and move that it belaid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL renewed the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 78,
noes 25.
So the further consideration of the subject was
postponed for one week from to-morrow.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. CftBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled House bill No. 395, entitled " An
act to provide a national currency secured by. a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for.
the circulation and redemption thereof;" when
the Speaker signed the same.
PACIFIC RAILROAD,
Mr. STEVENS, from the select committee on
the Pacific railroad, reported back House bill
No. 438, to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and a telegraph ,
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July, 1862, with a substitute;and moved
that it be ordered to he printed, and its further
consideration postponed untilThursday next after
the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that it be made the
special order for Thursday next, and from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickev,
its Chief Clerk, informed the House that the Sen-
ate has agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two.
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 42C) creating an
additional supervising inspector of steamboats
and two local inspectors of steamboats for the
collection district of Memphis, Tennessee, and
