1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornett,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate have passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 65)
duecting the committee on the conduct of the
wur to examine into the recent attack on Fort
Pillow, with an amendment; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested. -
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (No. 106) to prohibit certain sales of
gold and foreign exchange;
An act (No. 160) granting land to aid in the j
constt uction of cettain railroads in the State of j
Wisconsin; and
An act (No. 181 yin reference to donation claims
in Otegon and Washington.
The SPEAKER, as the next regular order of
business, proceeded to call the States and Tern- :
tories for resolutions.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. WILSON intiodueed the folio wing resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolve/!, That after tins day, unions othciwisc ordcied,
(except ftatuulays) the Iloti^e will take a recess at thirry
miuuto <i!tcr loin o'clock and meet ayam at seven o'clock
for the tian^.tciion of bu>mes".; that during the day session,
until nthei wkc oidoicd, (he IlousO will consider the bill to
pi ovule internal revenue, See., and dm nig the evening ses-
sion otliei bu-mess will be considered in its ordei.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 hope the gentleman
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion Ion* enough to allow me to ask a question.
Mr, WILSON. 1 will hear the gentleman.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the Chair whether
under that resolution as it leads, it will be com-
petent for the House, before half past four o'clock,
to adjourn over until the next day, if it does not
desire an evening session, or must the whole or-
der be revoked in order to do so?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask further, whether
the regular oider of business in the evening will
proceed as it does in the morning, commencing
with the mot umg hour tit seven o'clock? 1 would
like to have it amended in that way if it will suit
the gentleman, provided that be not.the meaning
of it now.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the resolu-
tion will be to make the tax bill the special order
duuns; the entire day session, and then tiie reg-
ular order of business will commence in the even-
ing just the same as if the Journal had been read
at seven o'ekx k.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is what I desire
to accomplish.
The SPEAKER. That is the intention and
scope of the lesolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied;and under its operation
the resolution was adopted, there being, on divis-
ion—ayes 88, noes 32.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FINANCES AND TAXATION.
Mr. ARNOLD offered the following resolutions,
and moved the previous question on their adop-
tion:
Resolved, That in the present condition of the country
and Its finaneesi.it is the imperative duty of Congres* lo
lai^e the tuxes->o lamely to niue.^c tin: levenue o( the
Government. For that pmpo« e«i much ni'^r i/ite <>i duly
should lie imposed on all luxuries unpolled iioiu abioud,
and a lusher Kite of taxation Mmuld be imposed upon all
luximes ptodueed in the United States.
Rcsolccd, That ihe expansion of the bank circulation of
the eountiy, piodtieing general and iunions speculation,
>hou!d be u-pic^ed by taxing thei^ue^of the State bank*.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded tellers on second-
ing the ptevious question.
Tellers weie oideied: and Messrs. Cravens
and Arnold were appointed.
The House divided', and the Ullurs leportcd—
ayes 52, noes 48.
So th-1 previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. BROOKS called for a division of the res-
oluiions.
The question was first taken on the first reso-
lution, and it was adopted.
The question recurred on the second resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Is it in or-
der to move to amend the resolution by adding
the words "and national banks?"
The SPEAKER. It is not, the resolution be-
ing under the pievious question.
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays on
the second resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was tak^n; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 46: as follows:
YEAS—Me^si.s. Allej, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, liaily, John D. IhiUhvm, Baxter, Beaman,
Blame, Fiance I'. liiair, Jacob K. Blair, Uoutwcll, Boyd,
iiroomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cole, Crohvvell, Xlcnry Win-
ter l)avi-3 Donnelly, Eekley, P.nn^vvuitli. Fiauk, Giifinell,
Jljgby, Hooper, A-ahel W. JluMcud, John H. Hubbard,
Jeiiekes, Julian, Ka^on. Kelley. Francis W. Kellogg, Long-
year, MeCiide, McUluig, Momhead, Monill, Daniel IV1 or-
ris, Amos Myoi-, Cbailos 0'.\Teill, Oilh, Parte i^oii, Per-
liam, i'nee, William II. Randall, Alexander fl. ittee, John
11. Rice, •Shannon, Sloan, Smith. Thnyei, Thoma^Tracy,
Up.- on, Eliliu 13. YVashbmne, Williams, Wildei, Wilson,
Wmdoin, and Woodbrid(>e—13*2.
NAYS—Mex-ts. James <J. Allen, William J. Allen, Au-
gimu-? C. Baldv\in, Bliss, £hooks, William G. 131own, Chan-
ler, Clay, t'ruveny, Denton, Eden, Ividiidge, Fmck, Gan-
non, Griswold, iiarniigton, Benjamin G. Harris, Ileniek,
flutchiuv, Keinan, Ktnji, Law, Lnzear, Long, lUallory,
M.uc), McDowell, .MeKinney, Middleton,Nelson, Pendle-
ton, Piuyn, Siinmel J. Randall, Robni?on. ltogeia, Rosf,
John B. Steele, ritiles, Strode, Sweat. Wheeler, Clnlton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wintield, Fernando Wood,
and Yuanian—-16.
So the second resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KELLEY stated thai his colleague, Mr.
Leonaiu> Myers, was detained fiom the House
by indisposition.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolutions v/ere adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DERANGEMENT OP TIIE FINANCES.
Mr. HOLMAN offered the following resolu-
tion j and moved the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That in the judgment of thie House the pres-
ent deianged condition ot the public finances can only be
ellVetuully lenu'dicd by leduemg the amount ot the paper
euneney of the eountiy; and that, a* the only effective
lemedy, the Oommi'tec of V\ ays and Means be in-tiucted
to repon a bill to iepeai an act entitled "An act to pi ovale
a national currency secured by the pledge oi United State.s
stock-. and to provide toi ihe oicttlntion and ledemption
theieof,'' appioved February 25, 1863, and to limit paper
circulation to legal tender notes issued by the Treasury
Department by the authority of the United State*.
The question being" on seconding the previous
question, Mr. Dolman called lor tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mcssis. IIolmav
and Tiiateii were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 60.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I rise to
debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over, under the iv\ie.
ABANDONED REBEL PROPERTY.
Mr. ELDR.1 DGE asked unanimous consent to
offer a resolution instructing the Committee on
the Judiciary to inquire, andrepoit to the House,
by what warrant or authoiity the act entitled an
act to provide for the collection of abandoned
property and for the prevention of frauds m insur-
rectionary districts within the United States was
appioved" on the 32th day of March, 1863, and
whether said net is m foirc. x
Mr. COnn objected.
IN'CSJiASK Oh' IMPORT DUTIES.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution providing; that for
sixty days after its passage, all duties on im-
port* d goods, wares, and meiehandise, now pro-
vided by law, shall be increased by tfte addition
'i of fifty percent, thereto; which was read .i first
,! and ,second time.
The SPEAKER. Tins being-a pt opnsiuon to
j| tax ihe people, it must go to the Committee of
;j tile Whole on the state of the Union, if there be
t objection to ronsideiing  f in the House.
i1 Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I objeet.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose I cannot moveto
suspend the rules till the morning hour has ex-
pired.
The SPEAKER. Not till the morning hour
shall have expired.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 withdraw it for the present.
COLORADO AND ARIZONA MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, upon the adoption of which he
demanded the previous question:
Whereas the Government of the United States in suc-
ceeding to the sovereignty of the regions oi countiy ill
which the mines of Colorado and Auzcua are ntuated be-
came invested wuh a complete proprietaiy title to said
mines; and whereas no act of Confess has been passed
alienating or providing for the dis-no.-al ot any part thereof
or |>ie*cnbing meaMue& toi the and woiking of them;
and whereas individual" and companies are assuming own- *
or>hip and occupation and attempting to work some of
thfse mines, and are inducing tin* investment of capita] in
them by innocent panics: Theieioie,
Resolved, That the J'lesulont of the United States be re-
quested to take sue!) incfi^uioH as in hi.-, judgment m.iy be
necessnrv for the piotection of the ngliN of the Govern-
ment in the mineral lands and mines of Colorado and Ari-
zona, until the proper legislatKM shall be provided by Con-
gres?.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS, if the gentleman from New
York would modify the preamble of the resolu-
tion so as to say, " the most part of the lands "
instead of " all the lands," I tlunk it would be
better. If I understand it the resolution embraces
all the mineral lands in California. Now, the Su-
preme Court of the United States, as everybody
knows, has decided that a portion of those lands
belongs, by virtue of previous grants, to individ-
uals.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I will say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that there is noth-
ing about California m the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. The same question of pri-
ority of Spanish grants, I believe, applies to many
of the lands in the Territories.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The resolution
only applies to such mineral lauds as are in the
possession of the Government. I will, however,
cheerfully accept the suggestion made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if the resolution is lia-
ble to the construction which he gives it, but J do
not think it is susceptible of that interpretation.
Mr. SHANNON. I will ask the gentleman
from New York why he does notinclude the Ter-
ritories of Idaho and JN'evada as well as those of
Colorado and Arizona?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I think the spec-
ulations I have referred to apply to the Terri-
tories of Colorado and Arizona only. Compa-
nies have been organized in New York under
which innocent parties are induced to invest their
j means under the pretense that the lands are owned
by the companies.
Mr. WASHBURNEtof Illinois. I should like
to know what action the gentleman proposes the
President shall take in the matter?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The previous
question has been ordeted. i suppose debate is
not m order.
Mr. SHANNON. I hope the gentleman from
New York who offered this resolution will allow
it to be referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, or to some committee. It involves import-
ant questions which I think should not be dis-
posed of here without any debate.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD, This is, in my
judgment, a rase which demands immediate ac-
tion, or else the object of it will be lost.
Mr. McINDOE. I move to lay the preamble
and the u.s<ilunou on the table.
Mr. WASnUURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to mquiie again what object the gentleman from
New Yoik cxpec's to accomplish by the passage
of this resolution? What can the President do?
These lands ate subject to private entry the same
&s any other public lands.
Mi. ASHLEY. Not the mineral lands.
The SPEAKER. If tin re be no objection, the
gentleman from New York will have leave toex-
pkun hiN resolution.
No objection was made.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The object of the
lesolution is to protect wme valuable interests
which the Government possesses in the mines
and mineral lands of Colorado and Arizona. At
«i timo like Hie present, when all the great inter-
