650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
that kind, the accounts ought to be presented to the
committee, and not paid until they are properly-
audited; but I will offer my amendment for the
purpose of bringing the subject to the attention
of the Committee on Contingent Expenses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio propose to attach it.to the amendment
pending?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir*, as a proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio proposes to amend the amendment by add-
ing a proviso which will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided, That hereafter no payment shall be made from
the contingent fund of either House unless the amount Is
fixed by law, or the account id iiis-t audited by the proper
committee.
Mr. CLARK. This bill is in committee, and
JLsuggest to the Senator that he let the amend-
ment lie over until the bill comes into the Senate,
and I will then try to perfect it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 withdraw it for that pur-
pose. 1 will slate to the Senate another difficulty.
Many of these bills come in during the recess,
and it is said that it is a hardship for the creditors
to wait until the Senate meets. It seems to me it
is better for them to suffer that hardship than to
have no supervision over these accounts.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to say in regard to
that, thattho committee at the last session directed
that none of the bills should be paid during the
vacation. It had been the practice to send these
bills around to the Senators at their homes to be
approved by the committee one after another. I
called the attention of the committee to it as a
practice which ought not to obtain, and the com-
mittee directed that the bills should be approved
by the committee when in session, and at no other
time, and we also directed that bills should not be
paid duriug the vacation.
Mr. JOrlNSON. Still they have been paid.
Mr. CLARK. It seems wo have nothadquite
force enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio withdraws his amendment. The question
isontheamendmentof (he Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. For the purpose of eliciting
an explanation of the second section of this bill,
I move to strikeout in the tenth line,after the word
" law,"all that there is in that section: that which
relates to a new Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The first part of the section authorizes the
creation of a Second Asmstnnt Secretary of the
Treasury, and gives him a salary of $3,000. To
that I have no objection, if it be deemed neces-
sary that thereshould be another Assistant Secre-
tary in that Department. Then the section goes
on and appropriates " the sum of $9,000, or so
much thereof as may be found necessary, out of
any money in thcTrcasury," for the pnymentof
the salary to the end of the current fiscal year.
The amount that would be due upon the salary of
this officer, if he is to be a new officer, would be
only $1,000, one half of the amount included in
this bill. If ho is to be an old officer, if we are
paying the First Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury $4,000, and this is intended as a deficiency to
pay the salary of the present Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, then I am opposed to the whole
appropriation. But if it is merely designed to pay
for the salary of a Second Assistant who is here-
after to be appointed, it ought, to be $1,000.
Mr, FESSENDEN. With regard to the Inst
suggestion made by the Senator from Iowa, I pre-
sume .the explanation is that the salary was ori-
ginally fixed at$4,000 by the other Mouse, and as
this bill was brought in on the 27th of January,
and the gentleman was there acting as Assistant
Secretary, I suppose they put the appi opriation
at one half a whole year's salary in order to date
from the 1st of January, and added, tl or so much
thereof as may be found necessary." Those
words are in. Of course they can pay him no
more than he is entitled to under the law. It is
that " loose" practice of appropriation spoken of
by Senators before; and that is, where we are not
certain as to the exact sum, we put in enough and
take it for granted there will not be anything more
allowed by the accounting officers than is abso-
lutely earned, for the payment of the officer. It
will be so when this goes into operation.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator speaks of the As-
sistant Secretary being there in office now:. Do
I understand the Senator to mean that this Assist-
ant Secretary 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to explain
it. I said the gentleman who has been filling that
place is designed to fill this. I so understand.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the old one remains. #
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you do not be quite in
so much of a hurry I will explain the matter as
I understand it. Mr. Harrington was for a long
time quite unwell, and sometime last fall—I do
not know the exact time—he became so very sick
that he was entirely broken down and obliged to
leave the Department for a time, intending to be
absent for a ahoit period, I do not know how
long. He concluded to go to Europe, having
found by experience that it was no use for him
to rejriain on this continent anywhere where lie
could be reached, for there would be continual
calls on him; and if he was going to derive any
benefit, he must put the water between him and
this place. lam informed that he was dealt with
in reference to that precisely as every clerk in a
Department is dealt with in similar circumstances.
If he gets sick and broken down in the service
of the Government, he is allowed a leave of ab-
sence for a time, and ordinarily his place is sup-
plied by somebody else, and they make it up as
they can.
Mr. Harrington having gone, the Secretary of
the Treasury invited Mr. Field, who I believe is
a very accomplished officer, to come into the place
while he was absent, and he came there witn the
understanding that he was to be paid precisely the
same as the Assistant Secretary was paid. He
has been discharging the duty. I unduistand,
however, in point of fact, that Mr, Harrington
has drawn his salary and Mr. Field has also diawn
his. That I undeistnnd to he so; I am so in-
formed; Mr. Harrington being allowed leave of
absence and being dealt with precisely as all
clerks aie in the Departments under similar cir-
cumstances.
Hut the Secretary has become convinced, I am
satisfied, that it would bo very beneficial to the
Department, in fact it is almost necessary, that
there should be another Assistant Secretary. In
authoiizing it, however, wo reduce the salary
from $4,000 to $3,000, and agree to the House
proposition with that amendment. Now it is to
be considered whether or not the Senate will sanc-
tion what the Finance Committee have recom-
mended in relation to that matter, and will nmke
an appropriation to pay the AssistantSecrctary his
salaiy without inference to what may be paid the
other. Mr. Harrington is on his way back and
perhaps will be back in a very short time. We
must provide in some way or other for the pay-
ment of the salary of the Second AssistantSecrc-
tary that we make. I presume there is no objec-
tion to that. If we strike this clause out we ap-
point an officer without any appropriation made
to pay him.
There is no sort of concealment or mystery
about it. The question simply is as to the prac-
tice. For myself 1 do not see any particular
wrong; on the contrary I feel that it is due to a
public officer who has by very groat labor, if such
is the fact, broken down his health in the service
of the Government and there is a prospect of his
recovery by taking a vacation, to allow him a
little rest and let him draw his salary, unless it is
understood that he is to be absent for so long a
period as to make it very material. We do not
pay pensions, and therefore the pension principle
cannot be applied.
I do not know that. I am correct exactly in the
statement I have made. I only state my under-
standing of it from what I have picked up and
what I infer. I suppose myself substantially to
be correct in what 1 have stated.
Mr. JOHNSON. Permit me to ask whether
there was any law authorizing the appointment
of an assistant, or is it proposed as a law now
for the fitst time?
Mi. FESSENDEN. No; there was no law for
it; but this gentleman simply took the place of
Mr. Harrington.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have salaries been paid to
both ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose so. I do not
know the fact; but I suppose so from this appro-
priation being made large enough to cover the
length of time that is stated. How the fact is I
do not know. I am merely stating my supposi-
tion. I am not so correctly informed as to the
facts that I would have the Senate place any par-
ticular reliance on my statement; but I suppose
the case to be as 1 have stated it. I think that
ordinarily in the case of short absences of a clerk
or any officer of that sort^his duties may be per-
formed by some otherclerk; and the thing is made
up so that both of them can get along.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that I
think the practice has been where any officer of
the Government is unwell, or from any cause is
unable for a short time to discharge the duties of
his office—and that includes the higher as wellas
the inferior officers—his place is supplied by some
one in the same Department; and all thatthe Uni-
ted States pay in a case of that description is the
difference between the salary which that officeris
getting and what he would get if he really held
the office whose duties he temporarily discharges.
What has been done in this case may be right for
aught I know; but it seems to be new to me. 1
understand the case to be, on the supposition of
fact which the Senator has stated, that Mr. Har-
rington being broken down by the business of t'he
particular office, was obliged to leave the country
for his health; and while he was gone, because he
was gone, the Secretary appointed this gentleman
who was not in the Department 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not possible in ref-
erence to the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
an office so important, as the Senator will see, to
merely transfer a clerk to fill the place.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose, however, the ap-
pointment is not more important than heads of
Departments and other places that are always filled
by somebody in the Department, or almost al-
ways, with very rare exceptions. The difference
is only the difference between the pay the partic-
ular officer who is made the locum tenens for the
time is getting and the pay due to the duties
which he is temporarily performing. In the be-
ginning, I think, and I believe it was so held by
the present Chief Justice of the United States
when he was Attorney General, it was supposed
that an officer who was appointed to fill another
office was entitled to the salary of both offices;
but that was corrected (either by legislation or by
the subsequent opinion of some other Attorney
General, or perhaps under a subsequent opinion
ofthe Chief Justice himself as Attorney General)
so as to authorize an officer who was taken out
of any particular office and placed in the discharge
of the duties of another office, whether he wenton
to discharge the duties of both or not, to be paid
only one salary, and that salary he had a right to
select for himself, and of course he always se-
lected the one which was the largest. But this is
the first case I have ever known where a person
has been taken entirely outside of the Department
and put into an office of this description, both sal-
aries being paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will see that
it is not so, as far as this time is calculated here.
This bill was brought in on January 27, 1864.
The Senator will observe this office is created by
the other House at a salary of §4,000, and $2,000,
<{ orso much thereof as may be found necessary,"
is appropriated only to pay his salary for the
year, and calculating from the 1st of January it
would cover the whole $2,000, so that there is no
appropriation here for any such thing as is sup-
posed. What the arrangement was between Mr.
Harrington and Mr. Field I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. When was Mr. Field ap-
pointed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know when he
was appointed, but it was some time in the course
of the fall. There is no appropriation for him
here except from the 1st day of January.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance the propriety
of striking out this whole section, and letting this
proposition for a new Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury stand on its own basis by itself, as all
other propositions of like character. In the first
place, the Senator is not able to inform us, as he
usually is in regard to propositions of this sort,
as to what the exact facts ate; whether two men
have been paid for performing the duties of this
office. In the second place, I think this comes
within the rule that the chairman laid down last
Friday, that it is not a deficiency based upon
law that has been passed by Congress, but a new
proposition entirely.
