68
?M=
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 4,
-38tii Oong. ... 1st Sess.
Ililitary Interference ivith Elections—Mr. Powell.
Senate.
wrecked the Fedeia! purry and summoned the Democratic
into existence. Pot the Hrs-ttime on the continent we have
pa&.-pott>, vvliich even Loui-* Bona parte pronounced unless
and odious For the lirst time in our lustory. Government
spies fiuquwnt our great cities."
That, sir, is a very graphic and truly eloquent
picture of the times in which we are, and I hope
the<country will take warning. We seem to have
yielded everything to the military power, and I
regret to say with a tameness and submission
which, in my judgment,are unbecoming members
of an American Congress. A military republic
we have, and we have a republic but in name—
th§ animating principle, the security of the citi-
zen in life, liberty, and property, is gone. Al-
low me to call attention to an extractor! that sub-
ject from one of the speeches of thegreat Webster,
who spoke upon that, as he did upon most other
subjects, with the most profound wisdom. This
is from his speech delivered on the completion of
the Bunker Hill monument:
"A militaiy republic, a Government founded on mock
elections,and supported only by the swoid, is a movement
indned, but a retrograde and dir-.iMiou-< movement iiom
the rc uiai and old-lasluoned monarchical system. if men
would enjoy the bles>ing-i of lepubliean Government they
niu-t aoverii ihrniM-Iven b> ic.isim, by mutual counsel and
consultation, by a M'rise ;ind feeling of tfeneial i11toio--f,
and by the acquiescence ot tlie inmoiity in the will of the
majoniy, propetiy c.vpicf^ed; and above all, t^ie uiilnary
mu-t be kept, according to the language of our Bill ot
Kt iifs, in .siiiet subonlination to "the civil autlionfy.
Whenever this lc<son is not both learned and piaetieed,
there can he no political freedom. Ab.-md, ptcpnstcious
is it, a scoff and a satire on Iree forms of constitutional
liberty, for tonus of Government to be prescribed by mili-
tary leader-*, and the right of suffrage to be exercised at the
point of the sword."
Sir, we are in those very times; we have seen
the right of suffrage exercised at the point of the
sword. There never was a time, it does not exist
now, and has not existed since this unfoitunate
civil war commenced, in which it was necessary
for the President to overthrow the Constitution
and elevate the military above the civil power.
There is power enough in the Constitution to
furnish the President evei y dollar and every man
needed for this war. Congress can give him the
sword and the purse. What moie can you confer?
Nothing. Where, then, the necessity and the ex-
cuse for these wanton violations of the Constitu-
tion, this reckless overthrow of the liberties of
the people, this settmgat naught the laws arid the
constitutions of the States, this temulating of elec-
tions bjr the sword ? None. None. The genius
of our Government is founded upon the pnneiple
that the military shall be kept in strict subordina-
tion to the civil power. But the friends of !he
President claim it as a matici of necessity to save
the life of the nation, when they must see thatthe
Piesident i* trampling under his feet the Consti-
tution, and crushing out the liberties of the people,
and destroying every vital principle that gives
value to free Government.
But, sir, we have had other great chieftains be-
fore. There was a man who lived in this Repub-
lic that I suppose was thought by all wise and
good m< n to be almost as giea t as A bra ham Lin-
coln is thought to be by his eiingmg, truckling,
and obsequious followers, that in,\u' was George
Washington. Jlo led ourannies through a seven-
years' war in most trying times, when the organ-
ization of the civil authority was very defective.'
It hud none of the force, none of the power that
we have now under our well and admiiably ad-
justed Constitution; when there was gieatdiffi-
ctiIty in procuring men for the Aimyand money
lo di-fiay file nee< xsary expenses of the Govern-
ment. Many of the States failing to furnish their
ijiiotos ot men and money, theie being no central
controlling power, Congress had no means of en-
forcing its decrees upon the States. Surrounded
by such embarrassments, Washington for seven
years led theamues of the colonies until the war
was brought to a successful and gloiious close.
Did Washington, during that long and arduous
struggle in which the colonies were engaged, evet
think if necessary to subordinate the civil to the
military authorit y > No, sir; no. In 3 783, when
he n-si^ned his comnvsMon at Annapohs, lie was
address ,j by Thomas AIirihn, President of the
Continental Congiess, as loiiows:
"Yon have enndueied the irr" ir military contest with
wisdom and foihitnle, invai i.Jiiv iciratdin^ (he lights of
the civil power thiough ail di-a^tcis and dangeis."
TMis I regard as the highest and most deserved
compliment that was ever bestowed upon mortal
man.
Sir, I would that this vacillating, dissembling,
weak, and I fear wicked and corrupt, man in the
White House had been infused with the wisdom,
virtue, and patriotism that animated the soul and
prompted the actions of the great Washington in
our revolutionary struggle. Washington and
his compatriots were engaged in a struggle for
civil liberty; the sword was used only to resist
the encroachment of tyrants, and was subordi-
nated to the civil power. The resistance was suc-
cessful. They fhen laid broad, deep, and strong
the foundation of civil and religious liberty. They
proclaimed the Constitution as the fundamental
law, and threw it as a strong and impenetiable
shield around the rights of the States and the lib-
erties of the people. The Executive is now using
the sword which should only be directed against
the armed enemies of the Republic for the sacri-
legious purpose of suppressing free speech, free
press, and free suffrage, and the overthrow of
the Constitution, the lights of the States, and the
liberties of the people of the adhering States.
Amid the startling assumptions of the mili-
tary power we find that out. member of the Cab-
inet has recently woke up on this subject. The
polite and venerable Attorney General, Mr. Bates,
is seized with dread apprehension because the
military power is interfering with t hp civil author-
ity. I congratulate the country that the first law
officer of the Government has at last sounded the
alarm on this momentous question. 1 will read
a part of the letter of the honorable Attorney Gen-
eial on this subject; and I do it with profound
satisfaction.
It seems that the military authority arrested a
Judge ICnapp at Santa Fc, in the Teintoiy of
♦New Ale\ico, and imprisoned him and otherwise
interrupted him m the discharge of his duties. Ho
wrote a letter, and a veiy manly one it was, pro-
testing against the interference of the military to
the Attorney Genetal. The Attorney General
took the matter underconsideration and conferred
with his Excellency the Piesident; and thereupon
he wrote this note to Judge Knapp:
" Your leuer of the 4th of August complaining of mili-
tary arrest-: \vu- slow in reaching me, and tin n tucJi was
the utuent and continued occupation of (he Piesident in
iheyu-at alhnrs o! the Government that I have not been
able mini now to tW his atn-utioti on the pellicular out-
1 liiie oil you, a> jou1 letiei makes me believe it lo be.
" Thei e M't'ith to be a gene- u| and a yrowiny th-pa-alion
of the milnaiv, wherever rationed, to" enjjioss all powei,
and to tie.it the eml Governnu u t with continue! j . at, if the
object were to bung it into contempt.
'• I have delivcied mv opinion veiy plainly to the Prest-
! dent, and I have le.isuu fo hope thai lie, in the main, eon-
euis with m-c in believing that tho--e arbitiary proceedings
ought to be Mippic-^ed."
I am delighted that even the Attorney General
has been aroused oil this subject, and 1 should
have been further delighted if he had announced
that the Presidentconcurred with him in opinion;
but instead of that lie says he hopes he does in
the main concur.
Now, sir, what have we seen for the last two
years? We have seen the military authority
overtlu owing the civil rights of citizens m eveiy
pai t of the country. We have seen citizens, neither
engaged m the military nor naval sen ice of the
United States, seized and tried before drum-head
coin is-marliai and punished, and some of them
banished from their country. "We have seen the
military arrest judges wiio were faithful, loyal,
and true men; for instance, Judge Duff, in the
State of Illinois, when presiding in his court;
Judge Constable, of the same State; and Judge
Cai miehae I, of Alary land. Judge Dull was brought
here a piisonerand lodged m the Old Capitol, and
without anychatgc being biought against him
was released. Judge Caimichuel was subse-
quently imprisoned m Port AIcHenry. The At-
torney General stood by ami saw all that, and ho
complained not. I am glad that the imprison-
ment of this judge m New Mexico has aroused
the Attorney General from his slumbers, 1 am
rather inclined to believe th.it the ieason why the
' Attorney General is waking up now is that the
I military has hud its niuih <1 band upon a Republican
j judge; lor this judge was appointed by AI r. Lan-
j coin When Judges Constable, Duff, and Carmi-
j chad, who are Democrats, weie arrested, we did
i not beam word from the Attorney General. I low-
ever,! congratulate the country that the Attorney
General has at last woke up. It is better late than
never. I have no doubt, judging from the long time
it has taken the Attorney General to come to the
conclusion that the military is attempting to over-
throw the civil power, that he will wait until the
seventh angel spoken of in the Revelation of John
shall appear, with one foot upon the land and the
other upon the sea, trumpet in hand, and with
loud and shrill blast summon a guilty woild to
final judgment, before he will begin to think for
a moment that judgment day is near at hand.
[Laughter.]
But, sir, I am delighted to find that the Attor-
ney General is seized with dire alarm and dread
apprehension in consequence of the encroach-
ments of the military upon the civil power. The
usurpations on the part of the military must have
been very great to have brought forth the earnest
protestofthe Attorney General, who has not only
given an opinion to the President that he had a
right to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, but has justified the Piesident, as far as j
am advised, in ail of his subsequentusurpations of
power. So astounding have these abuses become
that even Air. Bates has made protest against them.
1 hope soon to hear others who have been liege-
men of the President making manly protest
against his usui pations; and to hear their appeals
to their countrymen, rallying them to the lescue
of their down-trodden liberties and a violated Con-
stitution.
The Secretary of War, by virtue of what au-
thority I do not know, has undertaken to admin-
ister the churches. Yes,sir, Edwin AI. Stanton
and General Butler are making themselves kind
of chief pontiffs, and are " running the churches,"
the one in the valley of the Mississippi and the
other in Norfolk and Portsmouth. If the Piesi-
dent had decided to appoint persons to regulate
and supervise the churches, and to take the re-
ligion of the people under Ins control, 1 would
have supposed he would have selected gentlemen
distinguished for their charity, kindness, and be-
nevolence; men of high moral tone, meek and
gentle in their manners; men eminent for their
piety and theological learning, whose lives were
adorned with every Christian virtue, to have dis-
charged this most responsible and delicate trust.
The two persons who have unlawfully assumed
the contiol of the churches have none of the
qualifications that I have indicated. If the Presi-
denthad searched the entire country I do not be-
lieve he could have found two persons upon whom
to confer this delicate trust more unsavory than
Edwin M. Stanton and Benjamin P. Butler. In
their manners ami intercourse they are both heart-
less ruffians; they are strangeis to kindness,gen-
tleness, benevolence, and those elevated manly
viituea that giacefully adorn the life of a Chris-
tian gentleman. But, sir, they have usurped the
power to control the churches in the localities I
have mentioned, in violation of the Constitution
and the rights of the people who own those houses
of public worship.
There is a little curious history about this sub-
ject. I have here the order of the Secretary of
War placing under the control of Bishop Ames
all the churches of the departments of the Alissoun,
the Tennessee, and the Gulf, belonging to the
Methodist Episcopal church South. This is one
of the most startling usurpations of the military
power thathasfallen undei my notice. The Con-
stitution secures religious fnedom to the citizen
explicitly. Where did the Secretary of War get
the power to transfer ail these churches to the con-
trol of Bishop Ames? Listen to this order:
W\R DIU'ARTMCVT,
Adjutant Gr.vi k.vl's Ofm< k,
Washington, November jju. lkitf.
To the generals commanding the departments of the Mis-
souri. the Tennessee, and the (j„!f, and ail general- and
otlieeic commanding aimies, det.iehinenH. and cmp*, and
pos^j and rill otlicejsni the s<-j vice ut the United States in
! the above-mentioned dep.u unem*.:
j You aie hereby d:it t n*d to plaee at the dic po^-al of He v.
i Hnhop Aine^ all house* of woMup beloasjini? to the Meih-
| odiH I'Jpi-cop.n cluiifh youth in weieli a loj al innu&fer,
! who has been appointed by a lo>ai bi-diop ul ^udetiuich,
; does not now oiiia.ite.
[ Jt a matter of great importance to the Government, in
; its* etFoitsto lestorc tiamjuiJlit) to tbocommunity and peace
. to the nation, that UnrtMian minister? should, by example
i and precept, support and foster the loyol sentiment of the
- people.
