2Wt-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2.
two local inspectors for the collection district of
Oregon, and for other purposes.
message fkom the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Niooi.at4 his Private Secretary;
infcrrfied the House that he had approved and
signed bills and a joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles*.
An,"ac,t_(H. It. No. 345) for the relief .of Fred-
derick A. Beelen, late -secretary of legation to
Chili; . t ,
■ An act'(Hi R. No. 381) to amend an act en-
titled "An act Snaking a grant,of lands.tofthe State
of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction. of certain railroads in said State," ap-
proved May 15,1856;
An act (H. R. No. 484) to incorporate the
Newsboys'Home; and,
A joint resolution (H. R.No. 63) to settle the
acttounts of James Keenan, late consul at Hong
Ksong, China.
business of judiciary committee.
Mr. MORRILL. As this day has been set
apart for the consideration of business from the
Committee oiuhe Judiciary, I move that that busi-
ness be postponed to the day after the House has
disposed of the tariff bill, after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
TAKIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say that it is the
intention of the Committee of Ways and Means
to give up this entire day to the discussion of
the tariff kill, and to-morrow to consider amend-
ments under the five minutes rule. I now move
that the House shall tt\lce a recess from five o'clock
to halt past seven o'clock p. m.
.Mr. ANCONA. 1 object to five o'clock; say
lialf past four o'clock.
Mr. MORRITjL. I agree to that modifica-
tion.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and tlx1 House resolve itself* into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committe'eofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Sciienck in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being House
MI No. 494, to increase duties on imports, and
for other purposes.
-Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I am not
about to make an elaborate speech. The only
ambition I have is to make such a statement of
the character and purpose of the bill noy before
us as will save the time which would otherwise
be spent iri explanations during the progress of
the bill'through the committee.
While sudden and frequent changes of tax and
tSHff bills are undesirable because of -the shock
and revolution they bring upon the trade and corn-
moicc of the country, the reasons for some change
now are potential and obvious. The Treasury
requiresa lurgersupply ofmeaus,and such souices
of revenue as have not already yielded their maxi-
mum contributions must now be sought, so that
we may fill the measure of our wants. This has
made an increase of internal duties necessary, and
that increase to a considerable extent imposes
upon us the duty as well as affords us the power
of obtaining an increased revenue from duties on
imports from abroad. The withdrawal of the
large number of mennow in the field from indus-
trial pursuits leaves a paucity of numbers at
home, thereby advancing wages and the cost of
living, so that a bushel of corn,a pound of wool,
a yard of cloth, or a ton of iron cannot now, even
reducing the wrrency to a specie standard, be pro-
duced at the same cost they were three years ago.
With the tariff considerably increased, and even
if we had no internal taxes to pay, our people will
hardly find it less difficult to compete with foreign
pioductions and manufactures than they did in
times of peace Without any increase of the tariff.
And when we impose a tSfx of five per cent, upon
our manufactures and increase the tariff to the
same extent upon foreign manufactures, we leave
them upon the same relative footing they were at
tl>e start, and neither has causes of complaint.
The rales proposed are high nominally, ana may
be so regarded by foreign nations; but consider-
ing the weights carried by our own people, other
nations will still be able to continue the race with
us upon nearly the same terms as heretofore. It
may be said that duties upon imports are paid in
specie while the internal tax is paid in currency,
but it must be noted that the specie is paid on a
foreign specie valuation, while internal revenue is
paid on the currency valuation which obtains here,
and this very accurately equalizes the one with
the other. By this adjustment we have it in our
power to obtain five per cent, upon all foreign and
domestic manufactuies sold and consumed in the
country without inflicting any other injury than
the increased cost to the consumer. That this is
an evil, especially so far as the 'ordinary neces-
saries of life are concerned, is cheerfully admitted.
To some extent the consumption will be econo-
mized and curtailed. I would gladly, if I knew
how, at any time, and especially at this, do any-
thing by which the number of days' labor re-
quired by man to furnish himself and family with
food and raiment should be diminished. But so
far as the luxuries of life or the elegant or vulgar
vices of habit, or the expensive and ornamental
follies of fashion are concerned, any lax upon them
or any reduction of such superfluous expendi-
tures may be personal inconveniences, but in-
stead of an evil it might prove at this time a great
public blessing, and doubly so if the funds thus
saved can be made instrumental in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion. This sort of " baggage and
champagne" should not incumber us in this cam-
paign.
In the present exigency of the country, indi-
viduals, as well as the Government, must recog-
nize and obey the obligations of economy. The
genius of war is not more a terrible scouige than
a merciless spendthrift. The fighting armies, in
the smoke and carnage of battle cannot know
aught of economy; they have no time to count
the cost; but those who have to support such
armies must study that homely virtue, praised so
much oficner than macticcd, or wage short and
little wais only. We have a great one on our
hands. The earth never tienibled under a greater
or one more bloody. The duration of the piee-
ent contest into which we have been so cruelly
plunged by rebel conspiiators of thirty years'
standing cannot, in the light of all history, be
foretold; yet,according to the modestbut electric
words of General Grant, lie is to "fight it out
on this line if it takes all summer;" and it may
not be long before the stars and bars will give
place everywhere to the stars and stripes, but we
us prudent legislators must grapple with the pos-
sible contingencies which may include a war of
some years instead of months. I have no idea
the war will be protracted by the people of the
South one momentafter the rebel armies shall have
been annihilated, but 1 do expect it to continue
until that annihilation, utter annihilation takes
place.
The primary object of the present bill is to in-
crease the revenue upon importations from abroad
and at the same time shelter and nurse our domes-
tic products, from which We draw much the largest
amount of revenue, so that the aggregate amount
shall not be diminished through the substitution
of foreign articles for those which we have been
accustomed to find at home.
In making an estimate of the effect of such a
war tariff as is now proposed, it is important that
we should bear in mind that as we increase the
cost of any article we diminish the number of
those who will be able to consume it. In some
cases this is to be legretted, but in the case of
such articles as spirituous liquois, old wines, and
cigars, it will not excite any particular lamenta-
tion. The large tax imposed on domestic spirits,
ale, and beer, compels us to place a still larger
duty upon spnits, wines, ale, and beer of foreign
production. Two dollars per gallon on spirits,
and two dollars and n half upon brandy, and the
heavy increase on wines will, beyond doubt, for
a time reduce the consumption to some extent,
but not so much as to prevent a considerable ad-
ditional revenue ftom this souice, and the addi-
tional amount upon wines will be large. It is
remarkable that our importations were as large
last year, orabout fourmillion gallons, as in 1860.
The increase upon sugars is very slight, and
might not perhaps have been increased at all but
II for the heavy duty imposed upon native sugars
produced from the sugar-cane. From the latter
we shall obtain some increased revenue, but from
the former not much addition to the revenue can
reasonably be expected. I am free to say that I
would have been willing both the internal tax and
the tariff should have been something lower, but
if we maintain the rates fixed in the internal rev-
enue bill, as this House has agreed, then the rates
upon foreign sugars now proposed are no itiore
than just. Upon molasses it is proposed to in-
crease the duty one hundred per cent., or from
six to twelve cents a gallon. The duty has been
heretofore below that upon sugar in proportion
to the saccharine matter contained therein, and'this
has operated rather to curtail the importation of
sugar and to increase that of molasses. One hun-
dred pounds of molasses is, theoretically, sup-
posed to be equal to thirty-nine pounds of sugar.
If this were practically true there would yet re-
main a discrimination in favor of molasses suffi-
ciently large to protect those engaged in the man-
ufacture of sugar from molasses. If an equal ad
valorem tax were levied it would bring the duty
on molasses somewhat higher; but this is an ar-
ticle consumed by persons of moderate circum-
stances and it is proper that an advantage should
be given in their favor. The present home value of
molasses is from seventy-five cents to one dollar
per gallon, or an average of eighty-seven and a
half cents. An ad valorem duty of twenty per
cent, on the home valuation would give seventeen
and a half cents per gallon. We propose twelve
cents only. The present price of brown sugars .
is from fourteen to twenty cents per pound, or
an average of seventeen cents. An ad valorem
duty of twenty per cent, on the home valuation
would be three cents and four mills per pound.
We propose in the present bill three, three and a
half, and four cents per pound, according to grade
and quality, or upon an average three cents and
a half per pound. The present proposition ap-
proaches more nearly to a relative equalization
of the two articles, whether we consider the in-
trinsic or market value, and will secure a large
mcreasc of revenue. But ill making the calcula-
tion I am free to say the cost of manufacturing
sugar from molasses, about one cent per pound,
and the tax of two and a half per cent, on sales
was not considered, and therefore the duty should
be made something lower than proposed. The
finances of few nations are found to be in such a
condition as to enable them to forego duties oil
sugars. The consumption is large the world over,
but larger in proportion to population in the Uni-
ted States than in any other country.
Pounds.
In IPGOwe imported of sugar  694,879,7^5
In I860 maple ^ugar produced  3^,803,884
la 18(50 cane sugar, (Louisiana)   3UO,OWMWU
Total i,0:j3,?-i:U)C9
Gallons.
In 18G0 we imported mola^se* 30,92-2.603
In 1SOO itioLi^se^ piortuceil, (Louisiana) 10,313,903
In I860 aoighum pioduced    7,)7S,042
Total..
Supposing that four millions of this was dis-
tilled m the manufacture of INTew England rum,
it leaves for the consumption of the United States
over a billion pounds of sugar and over fifty
million gallons of molasses and sorghum. Bring
the molasses into the equivalent of sugar, and
the whole consumption of sugar would then be
about thirty-five pounds per head, and, notcount-
ing slaves,"over forty pounds per head. If we
could collcct all the duties proposed, internal du-
ties included, we should obtain over thirty mil-
lions of revenue upon sugar and molasses alone;
but about thirty per cent, should be deductedfor
the States over which we have no control Af-
ter due allowance for sorghum, maple sugar, and
diminished consumption, the increased revenue
cannot be less than §3,000,000.
The existing duty upon coffee of five cents per
pound,considering the unusual price itnow bears
m the countries of its growth, is thought to be
quite laige enough, especially if we pay n proper
regard to the consumers, among whom the United
States, in behalf of the soldiers, may be leck-
oned as one of the chiefest. There is another
article, whether used to adulterate coffee, as some
say, or to give it higher flavor, as others declare,
which it has been considered legitimate to tax at
