1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many of these things
get into deficiency bills, however.
Mr. GRIMES. I (hink tiie chairman resisted
one on that ground the other day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken
about that, but there is no difficulty about this.
That question does not arise here. I have made
these statements simply in reply to the Senator;
but it is manifest the question does not arise here
except to a very small amount, because the sec-
tion of the House bill authorizes the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary ut$4,000, and they
appropriate only $2,000, or so much as may be
found necessary to pay the salary up to the 1st of
July. That would only go back to the 1st of Jan-
uary, you will see, if you pay the whole $2,000.
It is evident, therefore, that all they meant to ap-
propriate was just what he would be entitled to
receive from January 1.
Then the question that the Senator puts to me
is outside of this entirely, and that is how this
matter has been done heretofore. That I do not
know anything about. I understand incidentally
that Mr. Harrington has drawn his salary. The
presumption is that he hassettled that matter with
Mr. Field himself. How it is, I do not know;
but so far as this provision is concerned it does
not embrace the question any way whatever. If
an officer has been employed there to take Mr.
Harrington's place, it is perfectly manifest that
he must be paid somehow or other,and he knows
on what presumption he went in there. That re-
mains to be settled between him and Mr. Har-
rington, if you please, or between him and the
Secretary, but so far as this provision is con-
cerned, there is no impropriety in it, for under
this he can only receive the amount of money
that he is entitled to receive according to his sal-
ary, from the time of his appointment up to the
1st day of July.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know exactly
where we stand. I should like to know in the
first place whether it is not a rule that no appro-
priation shall be paid, out on this bill in conse-
quence of an attempt to perform or to carry out
some law of Congress, or to carry into execution
some previous and original appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Hut there arc agreat many
other things put upon these bills. In the first
place there is no rule of the Senate in relation to
the matter. There is a rule of the Senate that
any committee of the Senate may move a money
appropriation upon any bill they please, unless
it is to pay a private claim, and some limitations
of that sort. The consequence is that a great
many items get on these bills which are not
strictly germane to them. It has always been the
practice that anything pressing and absolutely
necessary to be done in the judgmentofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the other House
may be put on these bills, and something of the
kind must necessarily come on these bills inci-
dentally. If the Senator will look at the last sec-
tion of the bill providing for new clerks he will
find that that is new legislation. The only dif-
ference is that it presented itself in the first placc
in the shape of an appropriation; the House of
Representatives appropriated to pay clerks in such
a place so much, in such a place so much, and so
on; in fact all along in the first two pages of the
bill authorizing the clerks and providing to pay
them, there being no previous law for it. The
Committee on Finance thought it best to recog-
nize the necessity of the thing and provide that it
should be done at once. We simply put it in the
shape of a section authorizing the clerks specific-
ally, and then making an appropisation to pay
them. Of course in every case where the thing
is not pressing and can wait, 1 make the point
upon it and keep it off if I can.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not expect the Senator
to answer me accurately, because I have discov-
ered that he is not very well informed in regard
to this subject himself; but I should like to know
from the Senator whether or not Mr. Field and
Mr. Harrington has each been receiving his pay
at the rate of $4,000 a year, or whether one has
received it at $4,000 and the other at $3,000 pro-
vided by this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to that I
can only say to the Senator that I do not know,
and I am not bound to know in reference to this
provision here, because it has nothing to do with
it. It is only an attempt of the Senator to find
out something which he thinks I may answer. 1
cannot tell. I told him that I understood inci-
dentally that Mr. Harrington had drawn his sal-
ary. Whether it is so or not I cannot say. It
is proposed to passa law authorizing the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary, and to make an
appropriation to pay him his salary from the time
he is appointed up to the 1st day of July. This
is all that is proposed here. It is nothing to that
question whether Mr. Harrington has drawn his
salary or not, or whether Mr. Field has been paid
or not. The Senator can investigate that by a
resolution of inquiry addressed to the Secretary
of the Treasury to inform the Senate how the fact
is. It has nothing to do with the question before
the Senate, and I am not bound to know how it
is. There are a great many things that 1 ought
to know which I do not know; but I utterly deny
that I am bound to know particularly agreat many
things which other Senatois ought to know as
well as myself. If the Senator is ignorant it is
his fault, not mine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am inclined to sustain
this bill as it is, on the principle laid down a short
time ago, that if too much money is appropriated
the officers will pay out only what is proper; so
that they will coriect it at any rate if we appro-
priate too much.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antiiony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suggest to the Senate
that if they sustain the amendment they provide
for the appointment of an officer, but say he is to
icceive no pay.
The amendment was rejected—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer now the amend-
ment which I olTered on Friday afternoon, to in-
sert after the seventieth line:
That the salary of the AesiPtnnf Secretary of the Interior
shall hereafter be the fame that of the Assistant Sccie-
t.iry of the Navy ; and the sum nf$j<)0,ori«o much thereof
may he neocssaiy, is hetchj appiopriated foi the pay-
ment of such t.alary foi the remainder of Ihe current
year.
I desire to add but a word or two fo what I said
on Friday afternoon in favor of this amendment.
The Assistant Secretary of the interior now re-
ceives $3,000 a year 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the proposition come
from a committee?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; from the Com-
mittee on PublicL-mds. The A«sistantSecretai y
of the Interior now receives $3,000 a year. The
amendment proposes that his salary shall be
$•1,000; or, as it is expressed in the amendment
itself, the same as received by the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy. I understand the fact to be
that the Assistant Secretary of the Navy and the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasmy leceivo each
$4,000 a year. This amendment proposes to place
the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, in respect
to his salary, on the same ground.
It was suggested by the cbauman of the Com-
mittee on Finance on Friday that the labors of
this officer have decreased, and it is now pioposed
to increase his compensation. I do not under-
stand that the compensation is regulated by the
amount of physical or even of intellectual labor
performed by an officer. It is the importance of
the position, and the importance of the questions
that he is callcd upon to consider, thai contiolour
judgments on questions of baluiy. If it is light
to give the Assistant Secietary of the Navy and
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury $4,000 a
year, I am notable lo pcrceive why the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Interior should not receive
that sum.
I say there is a reason in favor of the Assist-
ant Secretaiy of the Interior that does not apply
to the AssistantSecretary of the Treasury. The
Treasury Departments furnished with a law offi-
cer whose business it is to investigate all legal
questions that arise in that Department, while the
interior Department is supplied with nosuch offi-
cer. I understand that in the division of labor of
that Department all law questions are referred to
the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and that
he is not only an executive officer of the Depart-
ment, but that he is the law officer for the entire
Department; and the Senator from Maine, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, will al-
low me to say that the labors of that officer, in
my judgment, cannot be materially diminished
by the change of the condition of the country;
He has to supervise theoperations of several-very
important bureaus. I know tbat,the labors in the
Land Office have diminished, and that therefore
there cannot be so many questions going from
that office to the Interior Department on appeal
as in past years; but yet there are very import- <
ant questions §oing up every day. California
questions growing out of the surveys of private
land claims in California are not yet fully dis-
posed of. There are very important questions
connected with the surveys of private land claims
in Missouri yet to be adjudicated in that Depart-
ment. The grant of lands to States to aid agri-
cultural colleges adds very much to the labors
of these particular officers, and also the railroad
grants and the swamp land grants. I need not
refer to the other grants of public lands which
raise m the execution of the laws very important
and delicate questions. These all go, in case of
appeal, to the Assistant Secretary of the Interior.
Then, sir, from the Indian office very important
questions go to him for consideration. I do,not
know, for 1 have not investigated it, to what ex-
tent the Interior Department has appellate juris-
diction or supervisory jurisdiction over the opera-
tions of the Patent Office; but I believe there,is a
supervising jurisdiction.
This is an important officc, and its incumbent
has an inferior salary to that given to similar
officers in other Departments. He is an able, he
is a learned man. lie is qualified to discharge the
executive duties of the Department as well as to
settle the legal questions that come before him;
and I say thathi&compensation of $3,000,in view
of the fact that a higher compensation is given to
Assistant Secretaries in other Departments, is a
distinction that we ought not longer to tolerate.
In the Post Office Department I can conceive of
but very few law questions arising, but in the
Inteiior Department, one of the most important
Departments of the Government, regulating the
domestic questions that arise in the different im-
portant bureaus under it, it seems to me the,rea-
son is very strong in favor of giving a compensa-
tion to the Assistant Secretary equal to that given
in any other Department.
Does the Senator who is at the head of the Fi-
nance Committee say that the Secretary of the
Interior, because there is not quite so muph labor
there as in the Treasury Department, ought not
to have the same compensation as the Secretary
of the Treasury ? Would he be willing to make a
distinction of that sort? lam sure he would not.
The salary is the same. Then, by the same rea-
son that controls that question, the First Assistant
Secretary of the Interior ought to have the same
compensation as the First Assistant Secretary of
the Navy or of the Treasui y. I think it is an act
of justice. The Assistant Secretary of the Inte-
rior gets now the same compensation that the Com-
missioner of theGeneinl Laud Office receives,and
the same that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
receives, and a less compensation than the Com-
missioner of Patents receives. If, indeed, he is
an officer having jurisdiction over these bureaus,
ought not his compensation to correspond with
his-grade and his responsibility? Shall he control
the operations of the Land Office upon appeals,
and have just the same compensation as the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office?
Mr. CHANDLER. I desiie to move an amend-
ment to the amendment. The Senator from
Indiana has given a very good reason why the
Comm issionc'i of the General Land Office should
reee]ve $4,000 a year, and I move that" the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office"be added to
" the Assistant Secretary of the Interior" in his
amendment. His argument is wholly in favor of
the Commissioner, who has all these important
cases to decide, whose labors are enormous and
continuous, and whom i consider to be a man of
\ ery great ability. If there is any Assistant Sec-
retary or any head of a bureau who is to receive
$4,000, I desire to add the Commissioner of the
General Land Ollice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose to re-
peat what I said the other day in reference to this
matter. The Senate already begins to see what
will be the consequence of increasing those sal-
aiies; but I wish to notice one thing 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to interrupt him? He asked me
