lu&s
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
uetm, io whicu the Senate has returned the fol-
lowing message:
Is Senate, *9pri! 15, 1584.
Resoh'ed, That the Senate deciino to agree to the fui-
tlicr conference a>kcd by the llousy of Representatives on
the disagreeing votes of the two House?- on biil oi tlu* Iloube
N<> 15, to provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana, upon Uie terms proposed by the reso-
lution of the House.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I move that the
House further insist on its disagreement io the
arncndment3 of the Senate, and ask for a further
free conference on the disagieemg votes between
the two Houses, and on that motion I demand
the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask to have entered a
motion to adhere.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. That would kill
the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question < iderod.
Mi. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to insist.
The yens and nays weie ordered.
Tin- question was taken; and it was decided in
the nffiimattvi —- yeas G9, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Menses. Alley, Am*-*, Andiron, Ashley, Bally,
John D. Baldwin, Baxtei', tteaman, Ulalne. Jacob B. Blair,
Bouiweit, B'H(i, BioonuxU. Wdbam G. Biown, Ambrose
TV. Chuk, Cobb, <\ le, [lemy VVmt< r P.ivi--, Dontullv,
Drlsgv, Kchlev, Fonton, Frank, Gaifield, Gnoth, Gintneil,
Iloopor, Uotcldvia.-, A-ahel VV. llubb ud,John II. ilubi) ml,
Jrncke-3 Ka^on, Ptanois W. Kcllogu. Otl-tmlo IveiUw",
Loan, Long)car, Aiaivin, Mcliiide, MeCum*, imuel F.
Miller, Mooiheail, .Mornll, Danifl Mortis, Amf* i\I><*i
Norton, Choiies O'N' OJ, Oj ill, Pain i- u, Pes I i.im, ViKo,
P'mitr y. Puce, Willnun H. KamlalL Ah xander U. luee,
John it. Ktee, IMw.itd II 1'oliiu Shannon, "M rui, Smith,
Tnajer, Up on, Van Valkuihuujii, Fddul U. W'.i-liWntm-,
Wh.di \ , U'iliiuin-. \\ ild'Ji, VVilcon, IVmdom. and Woo.J-
h .di 'W')9.
WAV'S-Me« is. J.iriie^ C. Alien, William J. Allen. An-
gu iu-- t,\ B du win, Fi «   <• P. tit in, . Ckuviis, t)aw-
ym, JienL on, T'diMi, Jll-n id'fji', Fntek, Gin on, Giuh-t,
Grhw.-id, Hall, ll.mlimr, llatunyton, Lhni|,intin G. II.nil1?,
Il.-rrW'U, llolmnn, U Ulnm Johnson, IC-'rnan. ivnnpp. Law,
Lasteur, l.oit'js Ma) lory, Maicv, McDowell, Me Kinney,
Willi;.ui H Millet, ,i,uiits li. Moiih, Mom-ou, AcLmju,
Noble, Pendleton, P.uyn, 1'adioid, Samuel J. I'.niu.nl,
oh, ih)g.•, -, ttc.s-:, iiI< -. e, Sni.:if,
t"Kv< tit, T'lO'iia;, \V b let, Wheel.m, Chillon \, Watc,
Joseph W. Wlni". Wmlii Id. F-'jiwudo \V«*o(i, and Ym
jnau—
So uie motion n^ii'i d to.
The- SPEAKER a;'pointed Mes-si h. Wr.r.vrr.R,
II ob man', and Marvin ms 'he uunn^i s or s.ud
Conf«'i< nee on tiie pui t <if ilie House.
Air, WALLACE, of Idaho, moved to ncmi-
Sldi r ihe voie just mken; and a!-M> niov<d that
the motion to leconsider he hud upon tin? table.
The latter motion wsih agreed to,
Mr. A'lALLORV. I move the following in-
SiruLiion^:
Resolved, That the committee of eonfeienee on the pait
«f tin: llou-.e b" in^tiueted t<  a?iee to no repnrt that dous
n« t ix^tnet the eleetivr iianehi^e in the Territory ot .Mon-
tana to hec White male emzeu*., or tho-se who have de-
<v{a td tiieu (ntciition to become >-uch.
The SPEAKER. That not in order, as the
bill has passed fiom the House.
CHAULKS B. SHHiLEY.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. 1 ask that, by unani-
mous consent, the resolution which was passed
yesterday on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee ot Accounts for the benefit of Chailes B.
Shirley, be amended by the subsutuiion of the
wot d "June'* for " May,"f>o us to ma lee t lie res-
olution conform to facts.
J\'o obj« etion hemg made, the resolution was 80
amended
Mi. STEVENS. I demand the lcgular older
of buemm,
PBTER ANDERSON.
Mr. CRESWELL. I ask the gentleman to
give way 'or a moment until 1 can make a import
from tiie Committee on Invalid Penstonr.
Air. h>TEVENS. I will^iveway for that pur-
pose.
M v. CRESW ELL, by unanimous consent, re-
potted from the Committee cm Invalid Pen«ioms
a bill for the relief of Petet Anderson; which was
load a fijst and M'.-oi'd time, reft rred to the Com-
inn? of the Wlnde FJouse, and ordered to ho
printed
JAMES «XLSn.
On,motion of Mr. CRESWELL, the Commit-
tee oVi in^lid PensiotiS were discharged from the
l
i
further consideration of the petition of James
Welsh, asking for a pension for wounds received
while in the Army of the United States; and the
same was laid on the table.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. I ask leave
of absence for Mr. Whale? for ten days from
to-day.
No objection being made, leave of absence was
granted accordingly.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask leave of ab-
sence for Air. Dumont for two weeks from to-
il day.
No objection being made, leave of absence was
granted accordingly.
OttADE OF NAVY OFFICERS.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts. With the con-
sent of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I ask
leave of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a bill returned from the Senate for the pur-
pose of coneuirmg jm a Senate amendment.
No objection being made, an act (H. R. No.
303) to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
ami equalize the grade of line officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy," approved July 16, 1862, was
taken fiom the Speaker's table for consideration
of the Senate amendment thereto.
The Semite amendment was to amend section
four by striking out all after the word "Hst," in
line nine, as follows:
And if the disqualification of any officer so retired oc-
euired m the line ot his duly, or in consequence of his
honorable Inifillmentol the teim ot active mm vice prescribed
by law, he MiaH be placed upon'the retiicd list one giade !|
inyher than that itoai which lie was retired. jj
Tiie amendment was concurred in. |!
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider i he vote by which the amendment was agreed
to; and also mov'-d to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rilESQUE ISL1\
By unanimous consent, the t>ct (H. R. No.
"2S7) to change the name of the district and port
o( .Piesrjuc ihlo to the distnct and port of Erie,
was taken fiom the Speaket's table and the Sen-
ate amendment theieto, which wits to add after
'•Erie" the woids "State of Pennsylvania,"
was agreed to.
MF.SSAGE FROM THli SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
the i r Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
have passed the following lulls; in whieh the con-
euriv.M c of tin* House was requested:
An act (No. 129) to amend an actent'tW "An
net to authorize the* corporation of Georgetown, !i
tn the District of Columbia, to lay and collect a j!
water lax, and for other purposes,"approved May i]
81,1862; ( _ j!
An act (No. 172) concerning the disposition of
convieis in the eouits of the United States, for |'
the subsistence of persons confined in jails charged
with violating the laws of the United States, and
for diminishing the expenses in relation theieto;
and
An act (No. 517) for the relief of Warren W.
Gieon.
NOKTlIEItN PACIFIC HAILUOAD.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the uvular order of business, being a bill
(H. R. No. 5) granting public lands to the Peo-
ple 'rs Pacific Railroad Company, to aid m the con-
duction of a lailroad and telegraph line to the
Pacific coast by the northern rouip.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 notice that the Clerk, in
reading the bill,iead,a3 part of it, the amend-
ments ipcommended by the select committee. I
will move to amend the b:'i by adopting all the
amendments lecommended by tiie committee, if
there is no objection.
The amendments recommended by the com-
mittee were adopted ccliectively.
Air. STEVENS. 1 do not know that I desire
to say Anything upon this bid unless there should
be some ol jection to it. 1 hope there will be none.
Air. WILSON. I think the leading of the bill
itself raises objections enough, without uigmg
any particular ones. I do object to the passage
of this bill, for it proposes to grant to this com-
pany over forty-six million acrts of the pub-
lic lands; and it does seem to me/ that this is no
time to engage in land grants of this kind. It is
taking away about one twentieth of the public
lands now belonging to the United Stales, and
granting them to this company. Unless the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania desires to speak to the
bill I wish to make a motion, which will test the
views of the House in relation to its merits, I
propose to move to lay the bill upon the table.
Air. HOLMAN. 1 wish to suggest an amend-
ment to the lull, if an opportunity be given me.
Mr. STEVENS. { yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the elev-
enth section by striking out the words "resttict-
ing the charges for such Government transporta-
tion," and inserting in lieu thereof the words,
"and shall transport the troops and property, of
the United States free of charge." I only desire
to say that all of the grants of public lands for
similar purposes heretofoie made have contained
the provision which I propose to have inserted in
this bill. This biil makes a very large grant of
the public domain for the benefit, to a certain ex-
tent, of private corporations. It seems to me that
the practice of requiring those railroad companies
that receive these bonuses from the Government
to transport its troops and property free of charge
should be incorporated in this bili. The section
which I propose to amend confers certain powers
on Congress to regulate the charges of transpor-
tation. That certainly is right, so far as the trans-
portation of the mails is concerned. Rutin re-
gard to the transportation of troops and supplies
intended for the defense of that great section of
country, the Government should have such trans-
pojtation free of charge.
I believe, Air. Speaker, that this is the largest
grant of public lands ever proposed to be made,
and will absoib a very large proportion of the
remainder of the national domain. It will oper-
ate, to that extent, in defeating the opemtion of
the homestead law. It seems to mo that when
we are thus giving away our public lands and
exhausting our resources, we should at least se-
cure one benefit from it to the netion at large —
that of free transportation of the'troops and sup-
plies of the Government. We have imposed the
same burden on other corporations, and I see no
reason why we should not do so in this case.
Air. STEVENS. In answer to the gentleman
from Indiana I will say that in our grants to the
Union Pacific railroad we gave it $16,000 a mile
jn bonds, $48,000 across the mountains, and ten
sections of land per mile: and there the United
States Government was to pay for ail tiansporta-
tion the same as other individuals. The commit-
tee has lefused in this bill to grant the company
any subsidies except in public lands in that un-
broken wilderness. As to these lands, the com-
mittee was willing to give to the company almost
any amount that it thought it could make use of,
because the Government has already devoted the
land, not for sale, but for homesteads of such in-
dividuals as choose to settle on it. Tiie commit-
tee supposed that the true way to provide for
homesteads there was to have a railroad con-
structed; and hence it proposes to give this in-
cieased quantity of the public lands, while it re-
fuses to report any subsidy. I submit to the
gentleman from Indiana [Air. Holman] whether
he believes that the value of the lands here given
approaches at all near the amount of subsidies
granted to the other company.
Air. WILSON. I understand that the Union
Pacific Railroad Company proposes to have the
grant of bonds changed, so that the company shall
issue the bonds and let the United States guaranty
the interest on them for a number of years; so
that the interest will not be more than the United
States would have to pay under the present ar-
rangement, and would be entirely relieved of re-
sponsibility for the capital.
Air. STEVENS The Union Pacific Railroad
Company asks Congress to increase the sv-bsidies
from $1(5,000 to $24,000 a mile,andYrom$48,000
to §96,000 a mile.
Aii. WILSON. I ask the gentleman whether
the bonds which the company propose to issue
will not be to a larger amount than is proposed in
the original bill ?
Air. STEVENS. There have been some sug-
gestions of that kind, but not in the shape of a
proposition.
