1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2675
the profits of any business are suddenly increased,
new and inexperienced men rush in, and in a short
period create'the seveiestcompetition which trade
and manufactures ever have to encounter. At
this time it would n5t be wise to encourage more
men to adventure upon new enterprises than the
country will be able to sustain at the close of the
war, as whenever that comes, as come it must, a
crisis will be upon us for which prudent men
should set their houses in order.
It is not expected that any tariff law can be
made perfect; but there are not probably more
imperfections in the present bill than are incident
to all such measures; and these may be removed
in its progress through the House. This is in-
tended as a war measure, a temporary measure,
and we must as such give it our support.
I believe the country as a whole will approve
of the moderate course we have here proposed.
So far as the bill-goes, or the articles therein em-
braced are concerned, the bill is an entirety and
complete in itself; and all other articles not em-
braced will, after the 1st of July next, be subject
to the same duties which were in force prior to
the passage of the late joint resolution increasing
the duties fifty per cent.
"Whatever there is wrong about the bill I trust
the House will correct. But let us pass it speed-
ily. Every day's delay in the passage of this
and the internal revenue bill costs the Treasury
not less than $500,000. Let me then invoke the
earnest and unremitting attention of this House
to the only measures, on our part, which can
directly sustain the credit of the Government.
While some other nations would seize the op-
portunity to profit by our misfortunes, let us be
watchful to do what is right toward all the in-
terests of our country,oppressing none, and j^rc-
funing them now and forever to all others.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the honorable gen-
tleman [Mr. Morrill] who reported this bill has
just assured us that it is only a war measure of
temporary duration. Feeling the necessity of
apologizing for the bill, which is an aggravation
of the tariff of 1862, the gentleman terms it a war
measure. If it were not that we are already im-
mersed m a war whose excitements are so absorb
ing that no time is left for reflection upon other
subjects of policy, this tariff might well be called
a war measure. Its oppressive character is enorm-
ous enough to produce revolution.
On the 25th of February, 1861, I came to this
House from a sick-bed to protest against the tariff
brllthen pending. I denouncedit as agreatfiscal
tyranny, a mountainous burden on the West.
While favoring a revenue tariff to meet our then
small expenditures, 1 opposed bounties, special
advantages, and class legislation. I showed that
the bill as then designed raised bounties fiom the
consuinets of the West and South, to be paid to
the iron-masters of Pennsylvania and the manu-
facturers of New England. That bill was urged
as a measure of protection, protection to western
interests. 1 then said that the West could take
care of itself. It is rich by nature in its resources;
and if the people of Pennsylvania cannot live by
working their forges, with their own natural re-
sources; and if the people of New England can-
dot live by working their spindles, with their na-
tive ingenuity, without the aid of other classes of
industry and the bounty of the Government, let
them move to the West, and there the God of na-
ture will protect them in the cultivation of the soil
if thi'y have the industry to work and the frugal-
ity to save."
Since then, sir, that tariff so burdensome has
been enormously increased. Our debt, then so
small, being only §07,281,591, with an interest of
only about four millions, was, on the 15th day of
March, 18G4, $1,580,201,7-44. On that (lay we
had a paper currency, including certificates ot in-
debtedness, amounting to $779,083,922. Since
then these sums have been increased. Figures fail
to express the magnitude of our burdens and lia-
bilities. Nor do 1 intend to complain of them
now. The war has brought them. Neither will
I discuss now who are responsible for either the
war or its incidents. I accept the existing facts.
Having voted against the high tariffs, the paper
system, and the whole scheme of finance in all
Its stages, I am not in anywise responsible for
their existence. Wc are spending $3,000,000 a
day; $1,000,000,000a year. Irrespective of loans,
we tire striving to meet tjjis enormous outlay by
the tax bill, which is to raise $200,000,000 per
year, and the tariff, which will meet perhaps
|50,000,000 more. ' '
I do not oppose the raising of these sums. The
credit of the Government demands it. I accept
events, but I do not accept every plan to raise
these sums, nor any plan because proposed by the
dominant party or its committees in this House.
We have no business here as Representatives if
we do not question every plan, especially if it af-
fects unfairly our own State or constituents. I
am not a Representative, but aslave, if I yield to
the clamor of one section or class for benefits
which affect unjustly another section or class.
I do not represent the rich, they can take care of
themselves; nor the poor altogether; but a prin-
ciple which requires that taxation shall fall equally
on all; that the benefits of legislation shall not
inure to one class, and its burdens be laid upon
another. I propose to prove that this is the ef-
fect of the existing and proposed legislation.
By the joint resolution passed a few weeks ago,
we increased the tariff rates of 1862fifty percent.
The present bill, while repealing that resolution
after the 1st of July, does not lessen but increases
largely the same rates. It adds to them, on most
articles, the amount of the internal tax. The du-
ties are paid in gold. This adds the premium of
gold to the tariff rates. So that in considering
the effectof these measures I must consider them
as affected by the paper money which has been
showered upon the country with such prodigality.
What, then, are the benefits accruing to the man-
ufacturing classes,and the burdens imposed upon
the agricultural and consuming classes, by the
present tariff system and a depreciated paper cui-
rency ? What, particularly, are their operations
upon the industrial interests of New England and
the western States as contrasted?
Before resorting to an arithmetical demonstra-
tion to show the effects of the tariff and " green-
back" systems combined, I propose a few self-
evident propositions as the basis of my calcula-
tions.
1. Ill the commercial transactions between two
foreign countries, in fact all countries, the basis
of exchange must be specie, and the currency of
the countries must be reduced to their par values.
At present the gold currency of the United States
contains more alloy than thatofGreatBritain, the
difference in their values being about nine cents
on a dollar; eight and three quarters according to
Tate's Cambist. This rate varies in actual com-
mercial transactions according to the demand and
supply of exchange. Therefore, in order to equal-
ize the gold currencies of the two countries, it is
necessary to add eightand three quarters percent,
to each American dollar. This will make it equal
in value to a dollar of the same weight in the gold
currency of England. In other words, the mer-
chant in New York who would pay §1 to the
merchant in Liverpool must send him $1 08J of
our gold. The exchange on England generally
ranges above this rate. It depends upon demand
and supply, and the freight and risk of transport-
ing specie.
2. If the currency of one country is a depre-
ciated paper currency, and of the other specie,
the rate of exchange is according to the depre-
ciation of the paper currency of one country and
the gold or standard specie currency of the other.
For example, the United States paper currency
as compaied with United States gold, the latter
being, to say the least, at a premium of sixty per
cent., taking the average of the past year, is de-
preciated thirty-seven and a half per cent. That
is, it takes $1 60 of the United States paper to
buy $1 of United Statesgold; that is to say, #1 in
United States paper is worth only sixty-two and
a half cents in United States gold.
Now, in order to pay §1 in Liverpool in United
States paper at the above rate of depreciation,
namely, in the ratio of $1 60 for $1, it would re-
quire $J 74. To the demonstration:
St 08| of American gold is equal to §1 of English gold.
60 iut<: of depreciation ol American paper ;i* eom-
 paied with Ameucau gold.
6j a;
IDS 75
$174 00
Therefore the rath of exchange between the pa-
per currency of the JJnited States and the gold
currency of England is seventy-four per cent.: Iti
other words, it takes $174 of United States depre-
ciated paperin New York*to pay "$100.in Liver-
pool. ,
And this result Corresponds with the actual mar-
ket prices of gold and exchange. I see in the sto'ck
market of Boston, as reported in the Boston Cou-
rier on February 29,"1864, that gold was quoted at
$1 58J to $1 59, and exchange on England,sixty
days to run,at 73 and 74.
Mr. PRUYN. Exchange is more than that
now. It is a dollar.
Mr. COX. Of course, if gold is at ninety, a 
it is now, the price of exchange rises in the i'atio
of its increase. Therefore, in order to buy $100
worth of gold in England the American merchant
must pay $174 in the depreciated paper currency
of the United States when gold is quoted only at
$1 60.
When he brings that §100 worth of goods to
this country, in order to reimburse himself he
must sell it for §174 of our currency with freight
and duty superadded.
The Government requires that these duties shall
be pitid in gold. The importing merchant, there-
fore, must purchase the gold with depreciated
paper, paying for it the market premium.
For instance, if the duty on the merchandisers
40 per cent, ad valorem, or $40 on each $100 of
value imported, he must add 60 per cent, to the
§40, which is equal to $24. That sum added to the
§40 is equal to $64. Thus, in order to pay a specie
duty of 40 per cent, on $100 of merchandise, the
merchant must pay in paper, depreciated with ra-
tio of $160 to $100, a duty of $64 or G4 per cent.
To which is to be added the increased duty ot 50
per cent, on the former rates, under the recent
joint resolution, which would add $20 more to the
cost; but as that, too, has to be paid in gold and
the gold purchased, there would be $12 more to
be added, making $32.
Now, let me demonstrate what it will cost in
United States paper, depreciated pnly in the ratio
of $160 to $100, to import merchandise costing
$100 in England:
First   §300
Difference of exchange 
Duty of 40 per cent., exchanged to paper  64
Fifty per cent, additional duly recently put on, <-x-
elianged to paper   
Actual cost, exclusive of freight and other charges . 'JT0
Deduct lirbt cobt  *00
Leaving additional cost in consequence of exchange,
duties, and paper money $*"0
Thus the consumers, in consequence of the de-
preciation of paper money and the duties payable
in gold, have to pay $270; or 170 per cent, in ad-
dition to the cost for every $100 worth of goods
imported from England into this country. To
this is to be added the freight and charges, and at
least 10 per cent, profits to the importer.
4. The elements of cost, therefore, upon mer-
chandise imported from foreign countries into the
United States, are: 1, the first costabroad; 2, dif-
ference of exchange; 3, duty; 4, freight, insur-
ance, and other charges of importation; and, 5,
the importer's profits on all the preceding items,
which we reckon at 10 per cent.
5. At this point of cost the imported article
comes in competition with the corresponding arti-
cle of the home manufacturer in the American
market. And the aggregate of the items above
mentioned constitute the protection or bounty
which the tariff system gives to the manufacturer.
The consumersof tlio domesticurticle,of course,
pay this bounty to the manufacturer. This is
now reduced to an axiom in political economy.
It is as clear as the proposition that the object of
a tariff for protection is to increase the price of
the article. If this were not the case who would
care for protective bounties? Not the manufac-
turer, certainly. If not he, who then?
6. Thus the system taxes the labor and capita!
employed in one class of industrial interests for
the benefit of the labor and capita! employed in
another class of industrial intetests.
BOUNTIES ON IRON.
In order to demonstrate by facts and fignres the
truth of the foregoing propositions I propose to
take three descriptions of iron, namely: pig, rail-
