1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. op Reps.
States; and that I will in all things depoit myself as a good
ami loyal citizen of the United States,. This I do in good
faith, with lull deteiminartori, pledge, and puipose to keep
this, iny sworn obligation, and without any mental reser-
vation or evasion whatever."
3. Pi ovost marshals and othermilitary officers are directed
to report to these headquaiters any judge ol aln election who
shall refuse his aid in carrying out this order, or who, on
challenge of a vote being made on the ground of disloyalty
or hostility to the Government, shall refuse to require the
oath ot allegiance fiom such voter.
By order of Major General ;3chenck :
W. H. CHfclSEBUOUGH,
Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant General.
War Department,
Washington, November 2, 1863.
Sir: Yours of the 31st ultimo was received yesterday
about noon, and since then 1 have been giving most earnest
attention to the subject-matter of it. At my call General
Schenck has attended, and he assures me it is almost cer-
tain that violence will be used at some of the voting places
on election day, unless prevented by his provost guards.
He say*, that at some of those places the Union voteis will
not attend at all, oi iuh a ticket, unless they have some us-
suiance of protection. Tins makes the Missouri case of my
action, in legnrd t<> which you exptcfrs your approval.
The remaining point of your letter is a protest against
any person olfeung to vote being put to any test not found
in the laws ol Maryland. Tim bungs us to a dillereuec
between Missouri and Maiyland. With the same reason
in both States, lMlssouu ha-, by law, piovided a test foi the
votor with inference to the present rebellion, while Mary-
land has not. For example, Geneial Trimble, captured
fighting us at Cettyshuij?, is, without recanting his treason,
a legal voter by the laws ot Maryland. Even Geneial
tfehenck's oidei admits him to vote, if he recants upon oath.
I think that is cheap enough. My order m Missouri, which
you appiove, and Genera! Schenck's order hetc, leach per-
cisely the same end. Each assures the right of voting to
all loyal men, and whether a man is loyal, each allows that
man to fix by his own oath. Yom suggestion that neatly
all the candidate* are loyal I do not think quite meets the
case. In tins struggle toi the nation's li(e,leannot so con
fulently lely on those whose election may have depended
upon disloyal voles. Such men, when elected, may prove
true, but -ueh votes me given them in the expectation that
they will ptove Ul-e. Noi do 1 think that to keep the peace
Jit the pal Is, and to prevent the persistently disloyal from vot-
ing, constitutes ju.-t cau^e ol olfensc to Maryland. 1 think
she has hoi own example for it. It' 1 mistake not. it is pre-
ciselj whai Geneial Dix did when yom Excellency was
elected Governor. 1 revoke the first of the three proposi-
tions in General rieheuck'o General Order No. not that
it is wiong in principle, but because the mihtaty being, of
necessity, exclusive judges as to who shall be attested, the
provision i- liable to abuse. For the levoked pait [ sub-
stitute the following:
That all provost marshals and other military ofTiceis do
prevent all disturbance and violence at or about the polls,
whether offered by such persons as above descubed, or by
anv other pet son ur persons whatsoever.
The other two propositions ot the order I allow to stand.
Geneial Schenck is lully determined, and has my strict
oider besides, that all loyal men may vote, and vote lor
whom they please.
Your obedient servant,
A. LINCOLN,
President of the United States.
liis Excellency A. W. Bradford,
Governor of Maryland.
Executive Mansion,
Washington. January 20, 1861.
Major General Steele :
Sundry citizens of the State of Arkansas petition me that
an election may be held in that State at which to clect a
Governor; that it be assumed at that election, and hencc-
forward, that the constitution and Jaws of the State as be-
fore the rebellion are m full force, except that the consti-
tution is so modified as to declaie that there shall be neither
slavety nor involuntary servitude, except m the punish-
ment of ciime-> whereof the p.utyshall have been duly
convicted ; that the General Assembly may make such pio-
vlsion for the fteed people as shall tecogntze and declare
their peimanem freedom, and ptovide for their education,
ami which may yet be consttued as a temporary arrange-
ment suitable to then present condition as a laboring land-
less, and homeless class; that said election shall beheld
on the 28th of Match, 1864, at all the usual places of the
State, oi all such as voter*, may attend for tnat puipose;
that the votcts may attend at such place at eight o'clock
in the mottling of stud day, may choose judges and clerks
of election foi that pmpo*e; that all pet sons qualified by
said constitution and laws, and taking the oath presented
in the President's proclamation of Decembei'8,1864, either
before ot at the election, and none others, may be voters;
that each set of judge* and clerks may make returns di-
rectly to you, on oi before the day of next; that
m all other re-pects ^aid elections may be conducted ac-
cusing to said modified constitution arid laws; that, on re-
ceipt of said returns, when five thousand four hundred and
si\ von s shall have been cast, you can receive «aid votes,
and a-ret tain all who shall thereby appear to have been
elected; that on the  day of  next ail persons
appealing to have been elected, who shall appear before
you at Little liook, and take the oath, to be by you -ev-
erally adniinisteied,to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States and said modified constitution of the State of
Arkansas, andbe by >ou declared qualified andempoweted
to e.,iei immediateh upon the duties of the offices to w hteh
thev have been respectively elected.
You will please older an election to take place on the
2t?(h ot Match, 1?64, and returns to be made in fifteen days
thereafter. A. LINCOLN.
General Butler recently issued the following
order:
[General Orders, No. 3.]
Norfolk, Virginia, February 11,1864.
All places of public worship in Norfolk and Portsmouth
are hereby placed under the control of the provost marshals
of Norfolk and Portsmouth respectively, wito shall see the
pulpits properly filled by displacing, when uecessaiy, the
present incumbents, and substituting men of known loyalty
and the same sectarian denomination, either military or
civil, subject to the approval of the commanding general.
They shall see that all churches are open treely to all offi-
cers and soldiers, white or colored, at the usual hour of
worship, and at other times, if desired ; and they shall see
that no insult or indignity he offered to them,either by word,
look, or gestuie, on the part of the congregation. The ne-
cessary expenses will be levied, as lar as possible, In ac-
coidanee with the previous usages or regulations of each
congiegauon respectively.
No propei ty shall be removed, either public or private,
without permission from these headquarters.
By command of Brigadier Geneial E. A. Will.
Louisville. June 13, 1863.
Dear Sik: The undersigned, in behalf of many in all
parts ot' this Commonwealth, believe it a political necessity
to reorganize the Democratic patty m the State, in associa-
tion with those of the Notth who have stood by the Gov-
ernment and the Constitution throughout this deplorable
civil war. They constitute the only political party of the
Notth with whom any pauy South will have any affiliation,
while a political association between the two sections ot
the countjy js indispensable to a restoration of the Union.
We cannot consent to the docU me that the Constitution
and laws are inadequate to the present emeigency; that
the constitutional guai autoes of liberty and propeity can be
suspended by war.
Our fathers certainly did not intend that our Constitution
should be a lair-weather document, to be laid away in a
storm, oi a tancy garment to he worn only in diy weather.
On the eontraiv, it is in times like the present that consti-
tutional restraints ou the power ot those m authoiity are
needed.
We hold the Federal Govemmentoneof limited powcis,
that cannot be enlaced by the existence of crvil commotion.
We hold the lights restnved to the Slates cqtiall) s.u-red
with those granted to the United States. The Government
has no more nj/ht to dwegaid the constitutions and laws
of the States than the States have to disregaid the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States.
We hold that the Adininisttatjon lias committed giavc
errors in confiscation hills, lawless proclamations, and mil-
itary ordeia setting aside constitutions and laws, and malt-
ing'aucsts outside of nuhtaiy line* where there i*n<  public
dangei to excuse it.
It'is now obvious that the fixed purpose of the Adminis-
tration is to artu the negroes**' the South to make war upon
the white*, and we hold it to be the duty of the people of
Kentucky to enteragauist such a policy a solemn and most
emphatic protest.
We hold 0*3 sacred and inalienable the i ight of fiee speech
and a fiee press; that lire Government belongs to the peo-
ple and not the people to the Goveintnent.
We hold this rebellion uttcily tmjusn liable in its inception,
and a dissolution of the Union the gn;ato*t of calamines.
Wc would see all ptst and coiMnotional meant adopted to
■ the suppression ot the one and the io.stoiurlon of the oihei.
Ilavinurobsei ved j oui uniform and consistent course since
the ougiti of our troubles we believe you a faifh'ul lepre-
sontalive of oui view-, and urgently request that you permit
jour name to be iwd a*   Democratic candidate for Gov-
ernor ;it the etisum-j election.
yours, respectfully,
W. F. BULLOCK,
JtOHERT COCHRAN,
L. S TRIMItLi:,
TfH)M-\S 1'. HUGHES,
R. C. PAL.M IjR,
ALFREl) IIERR,
J. 1\ CHAMBERS,
WILLIAM lv.THOMAS, JOHN T. lUtlUGES
WILLIAM G. 11 IjASOII, T. J. HALL,
CFIAS. L. HARRISON,
JOSHUA F. BULLITT,
GEO. W. JOHNSTON,
ROiiERT M. SMITH,
T. J. CONN.
W. A. DUDLEY,
W. 1'. SIMMONS
110RERT K. WHITE,
.1. II. HARNEY,
WILLIAM KAYE,
N. WOLFE,
S. M. HALL,
JOHN HERR,
Hon. C. A. Wk kliffh.
PAMUHL N. HALL,
rillL TOMPPERT, Jr.,
JESSE F. HAMMON,
P. AT. CAMPION,
W. II. BAILEY,
JACOB ABNY,
J. H. PRICE.
Extract from Statute of George II, chapter 30, [1735 ]
An act foi regulating the qinrtnins; of soldiers during the
tune of the elecijon- oi members to sei ve m Parliament.
Whereas, bv the ancient common law of this land, all
elections ought to be iiee; and wheiea* by an act passed
in the third year of the reign of King Edward 1, of famous
memoiy, it is commanded upon gieat foifeituro that no man
by force of arms nor by malice oi menacing shall disturb
any to make free election; and forasmuch as the freedom
of elections of membeis to serve in Parliament is of the ut-
most consequence to the preservation of the right4- and lib-
erties of this kingdom : and wheieas it hath been the usage
and practice to cause any regiment, troop, or company, or
any number of soldiers which haih been quartered in any
crty, borough, town, or place where any election of mem-
bers to seivcin Par liameut hath been appointed lobe made,
to remove and continue out of the same during the time ot
^ucli electron, except in such particular cases as aie hcie-
inaitei specified: To the end, therefore, that the said usage
'and piactice may he settled and established tor the future,
Be it enacted by the Kind's most excellent majesty, hj awl
with the advice and content of the Lords spiritual and /cm-
po>al. and Commons in Parliament assembled, and l>y the
authoiity of the same, That when and as often «« any elec-
tion of any peer or peers to represent the peers of Scotland
in Parliament, ot of any member or members toseivo.m
Parliament slwdl be appointed to be made, the Secretary at
War for the time being,or in case theic shall be no Secre-
tary at War, then such person who shall officiate in the
place of the Secretary at Warshall, and Is hereby required,
at some convenient time before tiie day appointed for such
election, to issue and send forth proper orders in writing for
the removal of every such regiment, troop, or company, or
other number of soldiers as shall be quartered or billeted hi
any such city, borough, town,or place where such election
shall be appointed to be made, out of every such city, bor-
ough, town, or place, one day at the l«ast before the day
appointed for such election, to the distance of two or mOre
miles from such city, boiough, town, or place, and not to
make any neater approach to such cit>, borough, town, or
place as afoiesaid until one day at the least after the poll to
be taken atsuch election shall be ended, and the poll-book#
closed.
11. And fee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That in case the Secrctaiv at War for the time being, or
such person who shall ofliclatc in the place of the Secre-
tary at War, shall neglect or omit to issue or scud forth such
ordeis as aforesaid, accoiding to the true intent and mean-
ing of this act, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted upon
any indictment to be prefencd at the next assizes, or ses-
sions ot oyer and terminer, to be held toi the county where
such offense shall be committed, or ou air information to
be exhibited in the couit ot King's Bench, wiihtn six
months alter such offense commuted, such' Seciotary at
War, or person who shall officiate in the place of the Sec-
tetaiy at War, shall for such offense be discharged fiom
iheii said respective offices, and shall fiom thenceforth be
utterly disabled, and made incapable to hold any office or
employment, civil or military, in his Majesty's setvice.
An act to regulate elections, approved April 16,1846.
" Sec. 33. No such election shall be appointed to be held
on any day on which the militia ol tins St.fte shall be re-
quited to do military duty, not shall the militia ofthts State
be required to do military duty on any day on which any
such election shall be appointed to beheld."—Nixon^s Di-
gest, Laus of New Jersey, 1700-185"), p. 2-2t).
Of the manner o( conducting elections and returning votes.
" Se( . 1. No meeting for the electron of national. State,
disti ict, county, citv, or town officers, shall be held on a
day upon which the miliiia of the Commonwealth arc by
law required to do milit.uy dutv.''— General Statutes of
Massachusetts, I860, chap. 7, p. 58.
Penal provisions and regulation-* affecting purity of elec-
tions.
"Sm\ 60. IfanyofTieei ot thcimhtia parades his men.or
exeietscs any nuhratv command on a day of election of a
public officer, as described m section sixty-three ot chapter
ten, and not thereby excepted, «n except tn tune of war or
public danger, he shall foi each offense foi Ieit not les-; than
ten nor more than thretchundied dollars."—Itevhed Statutes
oj Maine, 1857, chap. 4, p. 64.
Penalties lor the violation of election laws.
"Sf.c. 5. If any officer or oflret per-on shall call out or
order any ot 1 he milttia ot tin- State to appearand exercise
on any day drums; any eb crion to be Jield by virtue of tin?
ehapici. or within live days )ueviou-> ilrereto, except in
cases of invasion or insuircction, he -djall tor'eit the sum
of §500 for eveiy such offense."—llrvisal Stntutrs of New
Yoik, Banks ^ Brothers, 1 ifth Edition, vol. 1, title 7, chap.
6, p. 448.
L Of elections by the citizens.
" 110. No bod> of troops tn the Army oi the United States
or of this Commonwealth shall be pre-ent, either armed
or unarmed, at any place oi election within this Common
wealth, dining the tune ol such election, Piovuicd, 'j i c
nothing heiein contained -hall be an eonsti u« d as to prevent,
any officer oi soldier fiom e\et citing the rnrht of still i age in
the election district to winch he may belong if otherwise
qualified according to law."—-Pardon's Digest; Brightly,
1700-IS61; Laws of Pennsylvania, p. 383.
"The multitude in all countries nre patient
to a certain point."—Junius.
SPEECH OF HON. D. W. VOOKHEES,
OF INDIANA,
In tub Hoosf. of Representatives,
March 5, 1864.
The Ilouse Ik:in;; in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. VOORHEES said:
Mr. Chairman: l arise to address the House
to-day with feelings of profound depression and
gloom. It is a melancholy spectacle to bthold
a free Government die. The world, it is true, is
filled with evidences of decay. All rmiuie speakw
the voici- of dissolution, and the highway of his-
tory and of life is strewn with the wrecks which
time, the great tiespoiler, has mndi;. But hope
of the future, bright visions of reviving glory are
nowhere denied to the heart of man save as he
gazfs upon the downfall oflegal liueity. He list-
ens sonowfully to the autumn winds as they sigh
thiough dismantled forests, but he knows that
