1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
73
38xh Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of the Union—Mr. Voorliees.
Ho. of Reps.
of executive authority, lulled by the syren voice
of a false security, until at last they awakened to
find their chains and manacles forged and fast-
ened. Their links yet fester in the flesh of the
descendants of Brutus, and their clankings may
yet be heard in the forum where Cato warned his
countrymen against the approach of despotic
power. No deliverer has ever arisen. Liberty
has never been wooed to return. Once abandoned
and surrendered by those whom she has crowned
with honor and greatness, in the midst of the
earth she goes forth with the air and feelings of
insulted majesty to seek more worthy objects of
her love and care.
Sir, modern history contains no exception to
the rule which the fate of ancient republics has
established Aspirations for freedom have atdif-
ferent periods ascended from almost every portion
of the map of modern Europe. A system of eon-
federated States built up and nurtured the free in-
stitutions of Holland for more than three hundred
yeais, while the night of despotism lay thick and
heavy on all the surrounding horizon. As le-
volted colonies, as States in rebellion, the Dutch
republic maintained a defensive war for thirty
yeais against the whole power of Spain when
Philip 11 contiolled the councils and commanded
the wealth of the civilized world. Their proudest
cities were besieged and fell a prey to pillage
and murder. In pitched battles they seldom tri-
umphed over the superior numbers and equip-
ments of the powerful Spaniard. Their country
was troddeu under foot; their houses plundered;
their fields laid waste; and the wild boar and the
wolf roamed unmolested through the streets of
once populous towns. But the endurance and
patriotism of a people to whom no terms were
offered except abject, unconditional submission,
outlived and broke the rage of their oppressors.
A free Common wealth, the United Statesof Hol-
land, arose and extended the spirit of enterprise,
commerce, and refinement into ail the four quar-
ters of the earth. She conquered the sea and sub-
dued distance. The peaceful victories of her trade
were celebrated at the Cape of Good Hope, and
in the hatbor of Iscw York, in the Indies of the
East, and m eveiy latitude of the western hemi-
sphere. Nor was she less renowned in war. The
broom at the masthead swept the ocean of her
enemies, and the only guns of a foreign Power
whose hostile roar ever penetrated the Tower of
London were the guns of the fiee Statesof Hol-
land. Louis XIV, the grand monarch of imperial
France, when Turenne and Luxembourg and
Oonde led his armies, poured the tonents of his
power against her for conquest and subjugation;
but they were poured in vain. She fought with the
mspiiation of freedom, and made her history se-
cuie and illustiious as long as a generous heai t
f-hall he found to throb in sympathy with the wel-
fare and happiness of a heroic people. Butwheic
now iy that noble prodigy of liberal institutions r
Why does she lift her beautiful head to .the heav-
ens no longei ? Her glories declined under the
buiden of unbounded wealth and overflowing
prospeiity. Her people relaxed the vigilance of
their guard over the citadel of their liberties, and
slumbered at their posts while unlawful power
fortified itself beyond successful attack. Thus
she perished ignobly by her own hand, having
throughout her whole caieer defied and held at
bay a world in arms. And how still and heavy
has been her long repose! No awakening con-
vulsions shake her riirid limbs or disturb her
frozen arteries. Once fallen and forever lost, is
the mournful epic of her fate. She takes her place
in the dreary catalogue furnished by antiquity.
But < ross the Channel and take your stand on
the soil of England. She too has fui rushed man-
kind with a shoi t-lived experiment of republican
government. Wrongs and outrages inflicted on
the English people, similar in kind, but far less
enormous than those winch now oppress the citi-
zen of the United States of America, wrought
the volcanic eruption of 1640. The best blood of
England pnii>hed in the conflict between Ma^na
Chatty on one s.de and absolutism on the oth'-r.
John Hampden bled on the plains of Chalgravo,
but the royal Stuart hied on the scaffold. When
the sttife died away the Fhinsh constitution was
found tu be possessed and upheld by those who pnr-
took of the sacrament of the Lord's supper with
bloody hands, and who enforced the sermon on
the mount with fire and sword. They were the
ancestors of those who to-day in this land are
crucifying liberty afresh, and putting her to open
shame. God does notallow Himselfto be mocked,
and Ciomwell and theCommonwealth ofEngland
wentout together, while a wrathful tempest raged
around the dying bed of the great but bloody
and tyrannical Protector. The incoming wave,
the reaction in the tide of human affairs, bore
back the dissolute and worthless Charles II to
the home of his ancestors, and Englishmen have
never, from that time to this, lifted their hands or
their voices in behalf of a republic.
France points to the revolting blotch, the stain
of mingled blood and tears, which her wild and
mad attempts at freedom have left upon the page
of history. We gaze at it but for an instant, and
turn away with hoiror. At the very momcntal-
most that the President of the French Directory
declared " that monarchy would never more show
its frightful head m France," Bonapai te with his
grenadiers entered the palace of St. Cloud, and
dispersing with the bayonet the deputies of the
people deliberating on the affairs of State, laid the
foundation of that vast fabric of despotism which
overshadowed all Europe.
Sir, I pause in this tiain of sorrowful illustia-
tions. 1 tremble at their contemplation when my
mind is brought to embrace the conclusions which
flow from them. But shall we shrink back af-
frighted and appalled because the great lessons of
uniform history come to us with a voice of solemn
and prophetic warning? Shall the universal ex-
perience of the human race bring us no wisdom?
Shall we wiap ourselves in a sweet delusion and
lie down to pleasant dreams when we know by
eveiy chart of navigation that the fatal maelstrom
is just at hand ? Will the pioud and dating peo-
ple of Amcnca close their eyes and ears against
the teaching of ages, and wait for fetters and gyves
to convince them that their liberties are in danger?
Are they to be chained like Prometheus to the
rock, while the vulture ofdespotism preys forever
upon their bleeding vitals? Sir, in my hours of
seclusion and study I have, to the best of my
humble capacity, held up the lamp of the past to
the face of the future, and I call God to witness
that I would he recreant and faithless to my own
conscience if 1 did not proclaim, as far as my
voice will reach, that a danger is this hour upon
the American people more deadly than the juices
of the hemlock or the bite of the asp. This Gov-
ernment is dying; dying, sir, dying-. We are
standing around its bed of death, and will soon
be wretched mourners at its tomb unless the sov-
eicign and heioic remedy is speedily applied. I
will submit the facts m condensed array on which
I make this assertion, that a candid public may
judge between me and that pestilent class who,
failing to answer, resort to blander.
The American Republic was established in or-
der to accomplish avowed and specified purposes.
The objects of its crention were left in no uncer-
tainty. Its mission was clear and distinctby the
teims of the Constitution. It came into exist-
ence (i hi order to form amove perfect union> estab-
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common dejense,promote tin generalwelfure, and
secuie the blessings of liberty" to that and all suc-
ceeding geneidtions of Ameucan citizens. Who
will dare to rise in his place and say that this Gov-
ernment has been admiiiisteied during the last
thiee years in a mode even tending toward the
accomplishment of these grands results? lias
the establishment of justice been maintained?
The sword has been thrown into the scales of
justice, and there is notth.s hour a court between
the two oceans left free to decide the laws as they
have uniformly been decided in England and
America for the last two hundred years. The
very foundations of civilized jurisprudence have
been toin away, and the whole edifice ism rums.
The Magna Cliai ta is erased; the hubeas corpus is
dead; the very soul and spirit of liberty i*< extin-
guished in the forum of the judicial y. To this sa-
cred snnctu.try, mo<e than to <iny other depart-
ment of 'hi! Government, the blessings ofiibeity
were intrusted. IJut has the present Administra-
tion made them seen re; It is requned to do so
by ihe teuns of the Constitution. Leteach mind
iiive us own answer. Nut one light which con-
stitutes the freedom and safety of the citizen but
what lias been wickedly and wantonly violated.
Prisons filled withoutindjctment-and without war-
rant; long and bitter punishment inflicted without
trial or conviction; the whole jury system abol-
ished by a stroke of the pen in the hand of the
Executive or his subordinates in crime; no wit-
nesses brought to the face of the accused; no
counsel permitted to appear in his behalf; his
house broken open and his papers searched in the
midst of his pallid andtemfied wife and children;
such are some of the evidences which exist on
every hand that our free institutions are hasten-
ing to their overthrow. And not content with
breaking down all the ancient safeguards of lib-
erty, new and malignant measures of legislation
have been continually devised by a slavish Con-
gress by which to more effectually rcach and tor-
ture and grind the citizen. The most innocent
conduct, a haimless woid, a simple look has been
enacted into guilt. The hired hounds of arbitrary
power find conspiracy and crime m the friendly
greetings of neighbors on their farms. Speaking of
the period of 1795 in England, that great modern
philosopher, Henry Thomas Buckle, in his His-
tory of Civilization, uses the following language,
which I adopt as faithfully descriptive of the con-
duct of the party now m power, and of the time
in which we live:
" Nothing, however, could stop the Government in its
Iieiulloug career. The ministers, secure of a majority in
both Houses of Parliament, weie able to carry ihuir meas-
ures in defiiiuec of the people, who opposed them by every
mode shoit of actual violence. And as the object of these
new laws was to check the spirit of inqnny and prevent
icforms which the ptogiess ot society leude-ied indispens-
able, thoio wore alto hi ought into play other moan-, subser-
vient to the same end. It is no exaggeiation to tay that for
some yeaio England was tuled by a >.} stein of absolute4 ter-
ior. The mun*tei* of the day, turning a i-iruimle of party
into a war of prosonpupn, tilled the pn^ons vvuh their po-
litical opponents, and allowed them when <n confinement
to be ueated with shameful severity. It a man was known
to bo a reformer he was constantly in dangei of being ar-
io>ted; an$ it he escaped that, he was watched at every
turn, and lus private letteis were opened as they passed
thiough the po-t office, in such case* no &ciuplos were
allowed. Even the confidence of domestic lite was vio-
lated. No opponent ot Government was sate muki his own
loof against the tales ot eave-s-dioppeis and the gossip of
servants. Discoid was mtioduced into the bo.-om of fam-
ilies, and schisms caused between pan-nts and their chii-
dten. Not only were the mostPticnuous attempts madeto
silence the preVs. but the booksellers weie so constantly
pro^rcutfd lhat they did not dare to publish a wotk if its
author were obnoxious to the conn, indeed, whoever op-
posed the Government was proclaimed an enemy to his
country. Political associations and public meetings were
strictly fotbiddcn. Eveiy popular leader was in pejjjonal
daii<jei,and eveiy popuiai assemblage was dispersed, either
by threats or by miluarj execution. That hateful machm-
eiy iaimliar to the woi&t days of the seventeenth centuiy
was put into motion. i^pies were paid; witnesses were
suborned; juries were packed. The coffee-houses, the
inn.- , and the clubs were filled with einis-aries oi ihe Gov-
ernment, who icpoited (he mo«tha* t} e.\pre.-=>oiis ot com-
mon conversation, it by tln>e means ne> soil oi evidence
eould be collected, there'was another resouteo winch was
unspanrigly iHod. ivor, the habeas corpus act being con-
stantly su-pe tided, the Oiown had the power of lrupi i-omng
without inquiry and without limitation any person offensive
to the ministiy, but of whose ciime no proof was attempted
to be brought."
Sir, why are you, why am I out of the vaults
of a dungeon, and standing on this floor to-day?
Not because we are guilty of no offense; not be-
cause the broad shield of the law interposes its
protection, but simply because the Executive has
not yet seen fit and pronm- in the exercise of his
absolute arid unrestraint will to lay us in iions.
This is the ultimate climax of despotic power.
Each one of the twenty million people within
the control of the United States holds his or her
tenure to personal liberty—the right to walk the
green earth, to breathe the air, and look at the
sun—not by virtue of a free Constitution, but de-
pendent upon the clemency and pleasme of one
man. May 1 not be at rested to-night r May not
you or any one else to-morrow? Has it not been
done in more than a thousand instance?, and have
not the eouits and the laws been powerless to
save? While 1 am now speaking, may not some
minion who licks the hand of power, and whom
it would honor to call a slave, be preparing notes
from which to testify against me before a mihiaiy
commission? Hove we in the Weft forgotten
Bmi usi(le,and the infamy of his reigrn in oui midst?
Wii! the inhabitants of the western circuit in
England ever forget the monster Jeifues and the
murder of Alice Lisle? Will some poor, crawl-
ing, despised sycophantund too) of executive des-
