THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
y-:\*
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). (J.
.Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Ses
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1864.
New Series,....No. 42.
the heads of bureaus be raised $500 each. I want
it put in the same words as the other amendment,
so as to apply from the end of the present fiscal
year. I think they are quite as much entitled to
it, and labor quite as hard as the Assistant Sec-
retaries.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas ami nays,
arid they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will be aware
that this will reduce the salary of the Comptroller
of the Currency and some others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. This adds
$500 to all the heads of bureaus, and does not re-
duce anybody.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that the language?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire forinformation
whether this includes the Comptrollers of the
Treasury—whether they are included under the
general expression " heads of bureaus."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know.
Mr. HALE. I move to add the Comptroller,
then.
Mr. SHERMAN. And so of the Auditors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator fiom New Hampshire as part
of mine, to include the Auditors of the Treasury
and the Comptrollers.
Mr. POMEROY. I think you had better put
in the clerks.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Wecandothatafterwards.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to lay the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That carries the
bill along with it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Then I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest the better way
probably now is to adopt the pendingamendment.
That will let the matter go over and we shall have
the same fight over again to-morrow or the next
day, because 1 assure the Senate that an increase
of the salaries of this class of officers will only
bring upon the Senate and upon the other House
every officer in this Government, at least every
officer in the city of Washington. If you com-
mence now at the head yon will have to run clear
down to the foot. I hope therefore that some
Senator who voted for the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will move a reconsideration
and let us have a vote on the subject, because this
involves a general increase of salaries, and if we
grant it to this particular class we cannot refuse
it to others.
Mr. FOOT. I will move to reconsider the vote
by which the salary of the Assistant Secretaries
was raised from $3,000 to $3,500. The vote was
a very close one, and there is a decided difference
of opinion as to the policy of it. I move a recon-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Vermont is in order, and the first
question is on reconsidering the vote by which
the"amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
was adopted.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the vote will not be re-
considered. I prefer that we should vote down
the main amendment. Let it stand as it is, and
then I have great confidence that it will be voted
down. With the addition of §500 now added, I
think we can vote it down, and that will be the
shortest mode of disposing of it. It is legislation
in regard to the future, in regard to the next year.
It does not belong to an appropriation bill any-
way, and least of all does it seem to me to belong
to an appropriation bill at the present time, when
none of us can tell what will be on the morrow
emphatically, much less what will be next year.
Let us take care of this year if we can, and let
next year be taken care of by wiser men fhanwc
are now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was suggested by the
Senator from Ohio that the vote of the Senate al-
ready caused an increase of salaries. I desire to
say in reply to that that I do not so understand it.
I desired to see such a result some time ago, but
42
the Senate has now decided to reduce some As-
sistant Secretaries to $3,500 and to raise others to
§3,500, being a reduction equivalent to the in-
crease. It may be ten hundred or fifteen hundred
or five hundred dollars difference, but it is very
trifling. The vote of the Senate thus far has been
an eftort to do justice among men whose services
and position are the same and whose salaries are
different. That is the way I look at it, and there-
fore I hope it will not be undone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
reconsidering the vote by which the Senate agreed
to the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
to the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was about to ask the
Senator from Vermont who made the motion to
reconsider whether the question should not be
taken directly on the amendment as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
reconsideration is first in order.
Mr. HOWE. I have not said a word on this
subject, and 1 hnve been recording my votes here
differently from what 1 usually vote on questions
of this kind. I have been voting for the purpose
and in the hope of equalizing these salaries, and
for the purpose and m the hope of getting them
fixed at a fair and just rate. 1 voted for the prop-
osition to raise the salaries from &3,000 to ^3,500,
and I did so upon the belief that this Govern-
ment can afford to pay £3,500 for a year's woik
of such a man as is fit to fill the place of an Assist-
ant Secietary. The duties with which that offi-
cer is charged are almost the same a.s those with
which fite Secretaries themselves are charged,
and at times may be precisely the same, because
in the absence of the heads of Departments they
act in their place. We pay the Secretary $8,000,
and the substitute for the Secretary, it seems to
me, should be paid as high as $3,500. The men
who are fit for those places can command these
salaries in tiny other department of life; and hatd
pressed as is the Republic at the present time, I
do not believe that it is reduced to the condition
of a mendicant, or that it is called upon to rely
upon the charities of our fellow-citizens to do its
work. A just, sum the Government can afford
to pay, and an unjust sum we never can afford
to pay any more in time of peace than in time of
war. For that reason I voted for the $3,500, and
I shall vote for it again.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider, resulted—yeas IT,
nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messi.s. Chandler, Clark, DKon, Fessemlen,
Foot, Grime®, Ilalc, Harlan, Howard, Moinil, Potnoroy,
Sherman. Spiaguc,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—17.
NAYri— Messic. Anthony, Rtickalew, Connp? , Cowan,
Doolittle, Foster, JJmriingr. Harris, Henderson, llendricks,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, ftjorpan, Powell, Ramsey, Kiddie,
SauNbury, Suinnor, Ten Eyek, Van Winkle, Wllley, and
Wright—x>2.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote
adopting Mr. Doolittle's amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole. It will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Trumbull, which was to insert at the end of the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
the following: j
And tlj.it tin: ^uiaiies of each of the heads of bureau*, in- |
eluding the Auditor^ find Comptiollor*. alt^r the end of the j
present fiscal year shall be increased the sum of $500 each, i
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment j
will prevail. There is evident fitness in fixing j
these salaries equally. 11 will save a vast amount
of trouble to the Senate. We shall be besieged '
day in and day out, year after year, until it is j
done. Let us do it at once and have no further |
trouble. Fix them all alike at $3,500, and then I
Congiess will be permitted to rest a while from the '
importunities of these suffenng heads of bureaus, i
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply suggest that-as*
it stands now it raises one to $4,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of tlie
Chair whether the proposition of the Senator fr&m
Illinois is not an independent one, which ought"
not to be hung on to the proposition that the Sen-
ate lnts adopted. It is not really an amendment
or modification ofthat, butan original proposition
relating to other officers, and ought not to be made
an amendment to this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to have it under-
stood why I have offered this proposition. 1 was
opposed to increasing the salaries of the-Assistant
Secretaries. I thought thisa wrong time to com-
mence an increase of salaries. TheSenate, how*
ever, have dccided differently, and Ijave determ-
ined that it is a proper time to increase salaries,
by a yea and nay vote. They have refused to
reconsider that vote. It is manifest, therefore,
that a majority of the Senate are in favor of in-
creasing the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries
of the Yimous Departments. How many this will
embrace i do not know. What the sum required
to meet this additional appropriation will be, the
Senator from Wisconsin who moved it has not
informed us. 1 do not know how many Comp-
trollers and Auditors and heads of bureaus there
may be, without a computation, but there is cer-
tainly as much reason for increasing their salaries
as for increasing the salaries of the Assistant Sec-
retaries. These Assistant Secretaries are new of-
ficers m the Government. We have been able to
get along without them until recently. There is,
as has been remarked by some Senator, no class
of officers in this Government who are laboring
more hours in the day and more efficiently than ,
the Comptrollers and Auditors and the heads of-
the different bureaus in the various Departments.
The war has thrown immense labors upon these
officeis. They are responsible positions; and if
we are t.o increase the salaries of any officers, then
1 am for increasing the salaries of these officers;
and though I would be opposed to the increase of
any, I am for adding this to the amendment, so
that if any salariesuie increased we shall increase
the salaries of these deserving ones.
Mr. CHANDLER called for theyeasand nays
on the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the honorable Senator
from Illinois if he will not accept, as a part of his
amendment, the following:
And that the pay of paymaster!*' clerks mthe Navy shall
he made equal to the pa> of paym.isteis' clerks in the Army.
They ought to be equalized; they are now un-
equal, vety unequal; and the paymasters' clerks"
in the Navy have as responsible positions, and I
believe do as much work, and are subjected to-
quite as great expense as the paymasters' clerks
in the Army. As it seems to be a time when we are
all disposed to act equitably and give persons per-
forming the same service the same compensation,
I hope the Senator from Illinois will be willing to
accept this as a part of his amendment; I cannot
move it, of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be a very proper
amendment after this is voted on.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator from Illi-
nois will listen to the appeal made to him by the
Senator from Connecticut. These are a class of
very worthy people who have been laboring for
the Government at very inadequate salary for
many years, and only get about five hundred dol-
lars a year; and some, the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] tells rue, get only $400.
It is utterly impossible for them to maintain their
families and maintain themselves respectably on
such a salary. It is a case that 1 think appeals to
the humanity of the Senator from Illinois which
it will be utterly impossible for him to resist.
Mr. HALE. 1 am not surprised at all these
motions and all these attempts to defeatthis meas-
ure, which I think is the ultimate tendency and
object of those motions.
The Senate, I rather think for the first time since
the foundation of the Federal Government, has
voted. to diminish in a tnnall degjeo the salaries of
