L864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
following resolution, and move to suspend the
rules for ihe purpose of considering it at,this time:
Joint resolution to increase temporally the duties on im-
ports :
Resolved, <§v., That from and alter th^ parage of this res-
olution, until the 1st day of June, 1864, all the duties and
Imposts, on imported goods, wares, and merchandise now
provided by Jaw be incieased by the addition of twenty-
five per rent, thereto; and upon all goods,wares, and mer-
chandise now free or exempt from duty that there shall be
levied and collected a duty of five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CHA.NLER. X call the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rulest •
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to say a single word
as to the effect of this joint resolution if itshould
be passed. Upon an article which now pays a
duty of twenty-five per cent, ad valoremt it will
simply add six and a quarter per cent, to the duty
now imposed.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to know if there is
any question before the House that is debatable?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. NOBLE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 26', nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James Allen. Augustus 0. Baldwin,
Ch.mlei, Cla\, Dawson, Donjon, Eden, Eldudge, Finek,
Gndi r. Hall, Knapp, Laz<v.i, Long, Matey, .Mi Dmveil,
MeKinney, Middleton, VVdlnm 11. Miller, Noble, lln^|
Smith, Stuart, Vooiheo-., Wheeler, and Fernando Wood
—v 6.
N \YS—-Mc--.sr-*. Alley, Allison, A met-, Anderson. At-li ley,
John i) Laldwm, Baxter, licamun, Blaine, Boutwell, Free-
man Cl.uke, Cobb. Cole, Creswell. Uenry Winter l)avn,
Donnellv, Dunionr. Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Gim-
nell, Iliiibv, Ilotchki—, A-sahol W. lluhb.ud, Jolm II. Huh
baid, Julrui, Kell^y. Fiance W. KeHou*/, Otiat do Kellogg
Kerijan, Loan, (join.'} ear, Mai v in. Me Bride, MeCimy. Me-
Indo< j Samuel F. Muiei. Mom head, Mori ill. Daniel Mori if,
Amo< Myets, Noiton, Odeli, Charles O'Neill, Oi ih, PaUei-
hon, Pirhain, Pike, Pomeioy. Priee, William 11. Randall,
Alexander H. Riee, Edward H Rollins, Shannon, Hloan,
Stelibins, Steven^, Thavt, Ttacy. lrp^on, Van Valken-
butgh, Elilm B. Wa.-hbuine, William B. Washburn, Wil-
liaiiH, Wilder, Wilson, Window, and \Voodbiid;je~G9.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question rerun ed on seconding the demand
for the yeas and nays on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas
80, nays 4; as follows; no quorum voting:
YCAS—Messrs. Alley, Allhon, Amen, Anderson, Ash
ley, Baily, John I). Baldwin, Bnvtei, Beninun, Blame,
Francis P. Bhur, Bouturll, Brooniall, Freeman <;iaike,
Cobb,Cole, Cresswell, Heniy Winter Davi-, IJ.nvt1;, Don-
nelly, Drigs^, Dnntont, Eehiey, Fenlon, Finnic, Gatfiebl,
Gooeh, Gunnel!, Griswold, Hiirby, Uotchkiss, Asaliel W.
Hubbard, John 0. lluhhaid, Julian, Kasson, Kelby.
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando K> lloag, Jioan, Lon<i>eai,
MeBndCj MeChne. "Ueliuiou. Samuel F. Miller, Mooi-
head, Morrill, Daniel Moras. Amos Myers, Noiton, Odtdl,
Cbatlcs OWeill, Oith, Patiei-on, Perliam, Pike, Pomeioy,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Uic-e, John II.
Rice, Edwaid II. itollne-, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, St>"b-
bins, Stev<-n>, Thayi i, Traej, Up-.on. Van Valkenbuigh,
Elilm B. Wa^hiuune, William 13. Washbuin, Wheeler,
Wilham«, Wilder. Wilson, Windom, VVnifield, Wood-
biidge, and Yeaman— £0.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Eldridge, Law, and Noble—4.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COLE stated that Mr. Maiiyin had paiicd
with Mr. Ross.
Mr. MORRILL. I am about to move that the
House adjourn, and abandon the proposition.
Mr. BROOKS. I cull the gentleman to order.
Mr. MORRILL. I do it [" Order!'1" Order!"]
because the other side of the House ["Order!"
"Order!"] have shown that in these times ["Or-
der!"] of financial distress ["Order!"] they are
not willing to add a duty of ten per cent, upon
wines and liquors. [Shouts of" Older!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MORRiLL. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Anderson, Arnold,
Francis P. Biair, Jacob B. Blair, Bltt-s, Blow, Boyd, Brande-
gec, James S. Brown, William G. Bmwn, Ambrose W.
Clark, Clay, Cox. Ctavens, Thomas T. Davis, Dewing,
Donnelly, brig?*,' Edsoiton, Eliot, English, Farnswouh,
Frank, Glider. Hale, Hauling. Hatimgton, Chailea M. Har-
ris, Ilenick, Ilooper, Hnlbuicl, liuichm-. Jenekes, Philip
Johnson, Julian, Kalbtleiseh. Ka^son, ICing, Lazear, I>e
Blond, Littlejolm, Malloiy, M.uvm, MeAU'-ter, Morrison,
Leonard Myers, John 0'.\Tei!I. J'em, Radiord, Samuel J.
Randall, Rogers, Jame-, S.RoiiiiTs, Ro^s, Sehenek, Scolield,
Scott, Sniitlieis, Spalding, Stai r, Stebbin^, John li ^Steele,
SIoup, William G. Steele, Stevens, Thomas, Vrfmhoe-.,
Wadsworth, Ward, Ehhn B. Wn«hburne. WebMei, Wiui
ley, and Benjamin Wood.
The SPEAKER announced that one hundred
and seven members had answered to their names.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at twenty min-
utes past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 19, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior, trans-
mitting a communication from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, recommending an increase of
the salaiy of the United States agent for the In-
dians m the vicinity of Green Bay, Wisconsin,
from $1,000 to $1,500 per annum; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also hud before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, tiansmitting a commu-
nication fiom the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, recommending the appointment of an agent
for the Kiaway, Apache,and Carnanche Indians,
at a salary of $1,500 per annum, and that an ap-
propriation he made for that purpose; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITT.LE presented a memorial of the
! Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of a grant of
| land to aid m the construction of a canal from
Sturgeon bay to Lake Michigan; which was ie-
i terred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
■ oidered to be printed.
lie also presented a m^moiial of the Legisla-
, ture of Wisconsin in favor of the enactment of a
j law for the uncoui Jgnnent of foreign emigration
' to the United Suites; which was ordered to heon
the table, and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
; Clark Mills, piaymg that he may be employed to
| design and execute maible groups of statuary to
! be placed m the pediment, or over the main en-
trance, of the south wing of the Capitol extension,
to coriespond with those of the north wing, and
that an appropriation may be made toward the
commencement of the wui If; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
M r. SHERMAN presented the petition of Jes&e
Baldwin, piaymg for the establishment of a uni-
form staiidaid of value; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr, LlARRIti jnesented a memorial of the Syra-
cuse, Binghutnton, and New York Railroad Com-
pany, and a memorial of dealers m boots, shoes,
and rubbers, remonstrating against the extension
of t lie Goodyear patent for the manufacture of vul-
canized India lubber; which were icllrred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
Maine Central Railroad Company, remonstrating
against the extension the Goodyear patent for the
manuidcmre of' vulcanized India rubber; which
was referied to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
He also presented the petition of Jane P. Thurs-
ton, praying to be indemnified for alleged mal-
admtnisuation upon the estate of herlatc husband,
Henry Thurston, master mariner, deceased, late
of Cumberland county, Maine; which was re-
ferred to the Commiitee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, praying that some definite rank
may be assigned to boatswains, gunners, carpen-
ters, and saiimakers in the Navy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to postpone
all prior orders for the purpose of proceeding with
the unfinished business of yesterday's morning
hour—House bill INo. 301.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have no objection of course
to the motion of the Senator from Indiana, but I
see the Senator from Ohio m his scat, and 1 desire
to call his attention to a resolution which lie in-
troduced some weeks ago with reference to the
quorum. Our experience on several occasions
latterly, particularly yesterday and two or three
days ago, shows, I think, the necessity of look-
ing into that question at least. I have a decided
opinion m favor of the proposition of the Senator
! I believe that the quorum winch wu ought to de-
clare here is in conformity with that .proposition?
and I think if it should be so declared it'would
facilitate our business very much. Therefore, in
the interest of the public business,! ask th«Sen>"*>
ator fiom Ohio to be good enough to press.-his"
proposition and let us vote upon it.
Mr. SH£RMA*N. I introduced the proposi-*
tion and had it referred to the Committee on t-ho
Judiciary. As I am not a member of that com-
mittee I have no power over it. I hope the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary will report for or against
it, so l hat we may have the question settled. As
a matter of course 1 have no power over it now..
Mr. HOWARD. Are reports in order? -
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not.
Th« question is on the motion submitted by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope we may be allowed to
get through with the morning business first.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, i give way for morn-
ing business.
REPORTS FUOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. to whom was rcforted a bill (&.
No. 132) to amend an act entitled "An act 10 uid-
ln the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean*
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,*'
appioved July 1, 1862, icported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same commi^ce, to whom
was referred a memorial of William Napoleon
Walton, praying that aid may be given him to
construct a pneumatic aerograph from the waters
of the Missouri river to San Francisco, California,
or Portland, Oregon, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was Hgreed to.
Mr. FOSTEU, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was lefei red a memorial of George
A. Sehreiner, praying for a pension, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.240) for the
relief of George A. Schivinei\ 'l'he lull was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was oidered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom \uas referred a bill
(S. No. 184) to amend an act entitled " An act to
define the poweis and duties of the levy court of
the county of Washington, District of Columbia,
in regard to roads, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3,1843, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committer1, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 204) providing for the
formation ofcorporations and regulating the same,
in the District of Columbia, repotted it without
amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 242) to establish Portland,
m tlie State of Oregon, and Leavenworth, in the
State of Kansas, ports of delivery; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
TAXATION IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. GRIMES. I am insfiucted by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom were
refeired the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 126) to amend an
act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city of
Washington, passed May 16, 1820, to report the
same buck to the Senate and recommend that the
Senate concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives. L move that the question be put
now. *
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The first amendment was in section
one, line fifteen, after the wordsi( street or alley,"
to inseit the following:
And nbo to cau-e the same to be suitably paved and re-
paired,and tobe at all tunes pi operly defined and watered.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as section two:
slnd Jc if further cnacted, That immediately upon the
appiov.il oi tin-> act, the ?.ud corporation >bnil designate
.sonic pioper offioer thereof who-e duty itsimll be to see
that tin: provisions of this act are properly executed, and
thai the pt mcipal avonne- and stieeN ot the said city are
cleaned and watered A-* to bo at all limes reasonably clean
<nid nee from dn-t, anil also to keep the pavements and
sidewalks upon stud avenues and f>ueets at ail tunes in
suitable and psoper lep.ui. And it shall turther be tin dill*
of tin- -aid cnijioiriiion to rake >uch measures *he\ slmH
dfOin to promote -Mit i«ujfnnn . rd 3.'n"r>! -.ysfetn
ut dro innye j-n raid cm .
