1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of the Union—-Mr. Foorhees.
Ho. of Bbps.
the deception which they have imposed upon an
anxious and trusting people?
But on this vital question of the rapid decrease
of our laboring population,, and the'consequent
prostration of the general welfare, 1 will doubt-
loss be met by an indignant denial from the other
sideofthe Chamber. I submit, therefore, the fol-
lowing extract from the last message of the Pres-
ident:
"I again submit to your consideration tho expediency
of establishing a system for the eucouiusement of immi-
gration. Although this source of national wealth and
strength is again flowing with greater fieedom than for
seveial years betbie the msuneeiion oeeui ted, there is Mill
a gieat deficiency in every field of imlustiy, especially in
aguculture, and in our milieu, as well of iron as the pre-
cious metals. While the demand for labor is thus increased
here, tens of thousands of peisons destitute of remunera-
tive occupation are thionging our foreign consulates, and
offering to emigrate to the United tftate?, if essential but
very cheap assistance can be afforded them."
I am a friend to the foreigner—to the stranger
who seeks our shores to enjoy liberty or to in-
crease his stores. I stood by him when the Ex-
ecutive and lus chief supporters took the midnight
oath to disfranchise him because of his religious
faith, and oppressed him in all our borders, I wel-
come him now with a warm and extended hand
to the equal enjoyment of all that refriains of our
shattered and defaced institutions. But with what
sorrowful emotions will the people of this once
proud land listen to the voice of America pleading
with the populations of Europe, and offering them
pecuniary inducements to come and take the
places of our lost and dead—to fill the empty chairs
around bereaved firesides—to supply the demands
which war and death have made in the cornfields
and at harvest time! And yet the destroying angel
is to continue to hover in every blast; the fierce
spirit of the glass and scylhc is to pursue his in-
satiate careei; the flower of our manhood are to
be cut down, strangers from foreign hinds arc to
occupy then vacant seats-, and it is treason to at-
tempt to stay this hoirid holocaust of human sac-
rifice by a restoration of the Government upon the
principles which were satisfactory to Washing-
ton! The rebel chief at Richmond, who makes
open war against the Union, and the Executive
here who does not make war for it, and who
would not accept its restoration to-day on the an-
cient doctrines of the Constitution, are engaged
by conscription, force, and violence in hurling
against each other the unwilling and peaceful pop-
ulations of every section, bleeding, palpitating,
and mangied, to struggle, to combat and to die,
like the gjadiators in the amphitheater of Home,
butchered to make a Itoman holiday. These are
facts which will not escape hiatory, and yet the
consent of the governed is the just measure of
power which a public ruler can exercise in a free
Government, and we fondly imagine that we still
are free!
But in immediate alliance with the question of
population arises the consideration of tlieamount
of burden winch is to be borne. While looking
on the one hand in sadncssand grief at the deple-
tion and destruction of tho laboring masses, we
are compelled to turn and gaze with apprehension
and terror at the frightful pi oportions and increas-
ing magnitude of our public indebtedness. As
the ability of the people to meet taxation becomes
each day more feeble, the demands upon their toil
and their resources accumulate with appalling ve-
locity. I shall deal in cold and steady figures.
What I assert upon the subject of the national
debt! stand prepared to make good, as time, the
test of truth, has done for me heretofore. On the
51st day of May, 1S62, on this floor, I made the
following statement:
" It is <-afe. tlien, to conclude that the year that is to come,
and on which wc are ju>t entering—the second year of the
w.n -will j-wo.ll the indebtedness ot tins Goveinmenttothe
alarming sum of §3,000,000,000.55
The fierce clamor which broke upon my head
here and elsewhere for that statement will not be
easily forgotten. I .was honored by an official con-
tradiction from the Secretary of the Treasury
himself, produced on this floor by tho gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] Then came
the indignant outcries of injured patriotism from
the throats of that venal and slavish class who
earn the favor of princes and purchase the priv-
ileges of plunder by echoing the words of their
master. But I appealed to time for my vindica-
tion, and now here again to-day I challenge my
accusers to the issue.
On the 4th day of March, 1863, when the
Thirty-Seventh Congress adjourned, less than one
year from the date of my estimate, the appropri-
ations of money from the Federal Treasury, in
the payment of the public expenditures, stood as
follows:
First session Thirty-Seventh Congress  $270,071,500
Second " " "   878,109,600
Third " " «   971,128,100
Total amount §2., 128.309.200
It will thus be seen that in less than the time
by me specified in my speech of May 21, 3862,
that same Congress, of which I was then a mem-
ber, appropriated §128,309,200 more than even I
predicted would be consumed by our dimming
rate of expense. Reports may bo written by able
and skillful pens, and speeches may be made by
eloquent and plausible tongues in order to disguise
these figures and delude the people still further to
their ruin, but the murder of the nation's welfare
at last will out, and bankruptcy, like an uneasy
and troubled ghost, with its shriveled face and
skeleton fingers, will come to plague and torment
the faithless murderers. It may be an unwel-
come task to poi tray these facts now, but the hour
is fast approaching m which the sons and daugh-
ters of honest toil will lay bitter maledictions on
the authors of this oppression, and thank those
who have pointed out their danger.
In the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
submitted at the opening of the present session
of Congress, we find his estimate for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1864, of the expenses of
the Government amounting to $1,099,731,900. It
is true that he amuses the countiy by a conjec-
ture that a considerable portion of that sum will
not be expended at the close of the fiscal year.
He asks that it may all be approprmted,but gently
intimates that some of it may remain in his hands
not paid out on the 30th June, 18G4. But inas-
much as we have already at this session passed
deficiency bills over and above his estimates to
the extent of more than a hundred million dol-
lars, I mustdechne making any calculation upon
any lower basis than the full amount of his own
figures. Then taking the oppiopuatums aheady
made up to March 4, 1863:
A.s above ntat-'d $2,123,309,200
Add the estimate of the  Seeietaiy up to June
30, 186-1  J .099,731,900
And we have a total of $'3,2 )S 0!l,ifi()
We thus have from the official records an in-
debtedness on the 30th of June next, not more
than four months distant, reaching the sum of
$3,228,041,100. Pause for a moment, ye sweating
tax-payers,and comprehend if you can the weight
of this load. I pause with you, for my heart is now
at home clinging to the scenes of intelligent hus-
bandry which 1 represent here, and which 1 seek
to save from desolation.
But the Secretary of the Treasury has given us
a forecast of another year of the future. Com-
mencing again on the l^t of July, 1864, and clos-
ing June 30, 1865, he gives us his estimates of the
expenditures of another fiscal year. He placcs
them—
At  §J,151,813,088
Add the amount already estimated up to
June 30, 1864....    3,028,041,160
Total debt, June 30, 18G5  f.370..c."6,048
From this amount must be deducted the actual
receipts from every source of revenue during the
years 1862 and 1863, and the estimated receipts
for the years 1864 and 1865. Allowing that the
estimates of the Secietary will prove correct in
the future, which is exceedingly charitable in view
of the past, and we find that these receipts will
amount in all to $519,643,155. Subtract this
amount from the above sum, and we have left
$3,860,213,093. To this again, however, must
be added, at tiie lowest calculation, §150,000,000
to cover the claims of States for advancesto the
Federal Government, and the claims of citizens
for the destruction of their property by the inev-
itable operations of war. Tims the public debt
will stand, June 30,1865,at $4,010,213,093. Sir,
in this calculation i have stunned nothing in orler
to swell the amount. Far otherwise. I would
gladly diminish it if in my power. 1 havesimply
taken the amounts appropriated by a former Con-,
gress, and added the amounts which the Secretary
of the Treasury asks shall be appropriated for the
years of 1864 and 1865. I assume, and most
safely I think, in view of the past, that all the
money thus appropriated by Congress for speci-.
fied objects will be spent. This lp all, and you
behold the appallingresult. 1 donotsrop to take
an account of State debts, which count by hun-
dreds of millions. 1 pass by the debts of coun-
ties, cities, towns, and various corporations, all
of which are a direct tax upon the people. I sim-
ply compute the Federal indebtedness,.and you
have these frightful figures.
Sir, this debt, now inevitably fastened upon the
Amcncan people, has no parallel in the history
of nations. Its like is unknown in the annals of
mankind. It stands alone in its career of dovns-,
tation. The power of language cannot exagger-
ate it as an agent of destruction. More than four
thousand million dollars! The debt of England,
which is now a permanent curse, is less. Yet,
since 1829, no British statesman has thought for
an instant that it would ever be finally paid. It
commenced accruing in small proportions during
the reign of Charles II—twp.hundred years ago.
Succeeding wars rapidly increased it, and baffled
all the wisdom and resources of the English peo-
ple in their long and faithful efforts to accomplish
its payment. They pay the interest and bequeath
the principal, with all its crushing weight, to each
succeeding generation. And even this burden
on the labor of England is so great and so per-
petual that one eighth of her citizens are inmates
of the poor-house, and almost another eighth have
been diiven by want fiom their native land. We
are to tread in tho same blighted pathway, groan-
nig wearily under a.still heavier load—tho cursed
fruits of a sectional party and financial corruption.
We look out upon the field of the future. It lies
dismal and endless before us. There is no land
of rest in the distance for the tired tax-payer.
There is no promise of deliverance brightening
the sky before him. His step from this on is in
a ceaseless treadmill, from which he will never
escape. Are you afraid, men of labor through-
out America, to look at this picture? Will you
turn away your faccs and hug yourselves in the
delusion that all is well a little longer? Will you
punish and denounce the faithful sentinel who
cries out to you the approach of destruction ? It
may bo so yet awhile. It is in the heart of man
to put. off the evil hour. We often take refuge
from danger by affecting not to see it when we
know it is inevitable. Death itself at last sur-
piises us m the midst of the busy plans and pleas-
nig ampliations of life. The voice of warning dies
awav on the ear unheeded by the heart. But this
fact does not divorce a man in public station from
the pet formanee of his thankless duty. 1 shall
here perform mine, and take all the reward I seek
or desire in the approbation of my own con-
science, in the ever-present self-assurance that I
know that I am acting for the welfare of my
country.
Sir, m order to enable us to grasp the mighty
figures which will sum up our national debt six-
teen months hence, let us indulge for a moment in
comparisons. The growth of the American Re-
publican all the elements of material wealth,from
its biith to the hour of its present misfortunes,
had been the marvel and wonder of all time. It
had strode upon the loftiest peak's of greatness
with an easy and familiar s*ep. In peace or in
war our glory was the same—the first of all na-
tions. Our actions at home and abroad were upon
a scale of magnitude which dwarfed the giant
achievements of history by contrast. But in all
that time everv item of our public expenditures
would scarcely suffice to meet the demands of one
year under our present system of ruin. Take the
period of seventy-two years—those halcyon days
of liberty and fraternity—from 1789 to lb'61.
During that space of happy time, for every year,
and for all purposes, the expenses of tho Govern-
ment were: $1, i.">3,790.7fi6
Foi foui veais fiom 1S61 to 1863    4.010,213.093
Increase of expense in lour years over sev-
enty-two yeais #2.556,492.307
