THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farns-
worth and Holmak were appointed.
The House divided; arid the tellers reported—
&yes 60, noes 55-
So the previous question was seconded, and the
Snain question ordered; which was on the adop-
tion'of the resolution.
"Mr. WILSON. I suggest that the resolution
foe referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
tyhich. has now charge of the subject.
Debate was objected to.
Mr. HOLM AN" called for the yeas arid nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 62; as fol-
lows;
YEAS —Messrs. Allison, Anderson,' Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Benman, .Fneob B. Blair,
JBicnv, Boutwell, Bovd, Brandegce, Broomall, Cobb, Cole,
Asahel YV. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulbuul, Jenekes.
Julian, Kelloy, Francis W.XvelloKtf, Loan, Lon-zjoat, Mar-
vin, McCltug, Samuel F. Miller, iViooihead, Moi rill, Daniel
Molds Amos Myers;, J^onaul IMyei^, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Oitli, Patterson, Porham, Pike, I'omoroy, Pnco,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rico, Edward II. Rollins,
Schcnclc, ScofieJri, Shannon, Snmhcrs, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Thomas, Upaon, Van Vaikenbiogh, Elihu B.
Wa*libiirne, William B. Washburn, YVh.iley, Willi.un ,
Wilder, Wilson, and Wintlom—18.
NAYS—Mcs*is. James 0. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus O. Baldwin, Bins, Brooks, James S.
Biown, Clay, Coll'roth,Cox, Ciavens, Dawson, Domwson,
Eden, Ril?(*rton, Eldndge, Finclt, CJanson, Glider, Hall,
Ilaidmc, llariington, Benjamin 6. Uauis, Ilernek, Hol-
niun, William Johnson, Oilando Kellogg, Kornan, Kins,
Kuupp, Law, Lazear, Long, Mallory, MeAllMer, MoBiule,
McDowell, MeKiniiey, William IL iMlllei, James R. Moi-
ris, Moni.soti, NeHon, Noble, Odell, John 0"\r''ill, Pendle-
ton, IVnVj Samuel J. Randall, William 11. Randall, Rob-
inson, James tf. Kotlins, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Stile*,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, VVinfield, and Fernando YVood-**-G£.
, So the resolution was adopted. During the vote,
Mr. EDGERTON mud: Mr. Speaker, I desire
to state that the gentleman from New York, Mr.
Kalbfleiscii, is detained i n Brooklyn as a witness
in an important suit against the cily of Brooklyn,
for the recovery of the value of property destroyed
at the Atlantic docks by noteis in July last.
Mr. ALLEY, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the r« solution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider he laid upon
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION RTfjIt.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave to
report from the Committee of Ways and Meant*
a bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G5, and to rnrfve that it be made a special order
for the 23d of this month, and from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. STILES. I object to its being made a
spcciul order.
The SPEAKER. The majority can make an
appropriation bill a special order on any day.
The bill was received, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
a special order for the 523d of February, and from
day to day until disposed of.
Air. STILES demanded the yeas arid nays.
The yeas and nay, were not oidered.
The motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to leport from the select committee on
the subjeet a national bankrupt law.
Objection win made and afterwards withdrawn.
The bill was received, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND WARRANTS HELD BY STATES.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of so amending the
act of March 2, mo, as to authorize States having war-
rants, scrip, or ccitifieates to locate them; and where there
are no lands in said State upon which to locate the same,
to locate them upon any lands subject to private entry in
any other State or Tenitory; and that they report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. GRINNELL. I object to that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes roo
late.
CONFISCATION.
' Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
lle&olvcd, That the Committee on Publir Lands be in-
sti acted to inquire into the expediency of sueli legislation as
shall deal with all confiscated lands in the rebel States and
lauds sold for non-payment of taxes as public landa of the
United Ktaters, which shall be parceled oat into suitable
homesteads among those who shall have aided in suppress-
ing the lebeilion.
Mr. BLISS. I object.
INCREASE OF SOLDIEBS' PAY.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That in consequence of the increased expense
of living and the depreciation in the value of the national
cuneney, it w (he opinion of the" Uoir e tli.it the compen-
sation paid to the oilicem and -oldiei-s in the Aimy and
Navy of the United States should be increased about thirty-
three per cent.; aud that the Committee on Military Af-
lat is utc heieby instructed to repoit to this House at an
eaily day a bill lor that purpose.
Mr. GRINNELL. I object.
JNTKRNAL REVENUE.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask unanimous consent of
the House to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means the amendments of the Senate
to itouse bill No. 12'2 to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes, ond to ask that
they now be considered.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the rules
for the puipose I have indicated, I do not pro-
pose to call for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ou«:ht not the amendments
of the Senate to go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend that rule
in order that the amendments of the Senate may
be ooii.sideied m the House. I do not propose to
call for the previous question, and it wti! be a great
saving of time to consider them in the House.
Mr. STILES. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. EERNANDO WOOD. I renew the ob-
jection .
Mr. STEVENS. I tenew the motion to sus-
pend the rtih-s.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended, and the amendments
of the Senate to the internal revenue bill were re-
ceived.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker,! wish to say
that the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a concurrence in those amendments of the
Senate, which I will explain in a few remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have a motion to non-concur and for a committee
of conference entered before the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state in a very few
words the difference between the two bills. It
will be recollected thnt the Committee of Ways
and Means recommended that after the 12th of
January, the time the bill was reported,all whisky
distilled and sold, or removed for sale, should pay
forty cents per gallon in addition to the present
tax of twenty cents. The House, on motion of
the gentleman from New York, i Mr. Fernando
Wood,] changed that so as to put the tax upon
all the stock on hand, without reference to the
time when the same was distilled, or whether it
had been taxed or not. The House adopted that
amendment, and in that shape the bill was sent
to the Senate.
There was a further amendment by which the
same tax was placed upon all liquors which had
been imported and which were on hand. A new
tax was also to be laid upon cotton which had
once paid a tax, and not simply that which should
be produced in the future.
Such was the bill which we sent to the Senate,
and it was entirely changed, in principle, from the
bill reported to the House by the Committee of
Ways and Means, which was entirely prospective
in its nature. The Senate acted upon the bill, and
they, m short, amended the bill so that it should
be entirely prospective—that from the time of the
passage of the bill up to the 1st of July the tax
should be sixty cents per gallon on all manufac-
tured; from July to January, seventy cents; and
after January, eighty cents.
The difference, therefore, rests upon the ques-
tion of the time when the tax shalf be laid, and
upon the amount of the tax, as a permanent law.
It changes, as I said before, the time when the ad-
ditional forty cents is to take effect on that which
is on hand, without regard to when dislilled and
whether it has paid a tax or not; and also as to
ail that which is distilled and sold, or removed
for sale, after the passage of the bill. They then
increased the tax from July ten cents more than
the House bill put upon it; and then after Janu-
ary next ten cents more—in all, twenty cents more
than the House bill provided for.
The question now is whether the House will
accept the amendments of the Senate, or will ad-
here to their own bill. The Committee of Ways
and Means aie clearly of opinion that the House
ought to accept the Senate bill, first, because it is
more consistent with the principles of taxation
adopted by this and every other Government in
laying a tax upon future products, and because it
is consistent with the pledge which Congress
made to the community at the time they passed
the tax law. They adopted, after the most con-
siderate deliberation and extensive debate in this
House, the principle of prospective taxation upon
every article which shall be taxed. After that
the committee is of opinion that there was such
a pledge of the House as to the principle of tax-
ation that every manufacturer had a right to rely
upon it, and to arrange and carry on his business
upon the faith of it. We thought he had a right
to manufacture in any branch, whether it be
whisky or cotton goods, or any other thing which
may be affected by the principle of taxation, un-
der the tax then imposed, until a law should be
passed imposing a prospective taxupon all future
products. The committee is of opinion that no
man will complain of the amount of tax which is
laid on him, if it be necessary for the purpose of
levenue, provided it be prospective,so that a man
can shape his business and arrange his affairs to
meet it. And although the prospective tax of the
Senate is very heavy—certainly after the 1st of
January—yet, as there is no implied faith violated,
and there will be time for all distillers to prepare
either to proceed with their business under that
tax or discontinue it, no injustice will be done
thereby.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman if the
Senate amendments do away with the provision
of the House, that whisky on hand shall be sub-
ject to an additional tax?
Mr. STEVENS. Whisky on hand is subject
to only the old duty.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I cannot support the
Senate amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course I did not suppose
the gentleman would. The committee placed
themselves upon the ground of justice to manu-
facturers who were pursuing a lawful business,
one sanctioned by the country, and one forbidden
by no law.
But we think, sir, that as a revenue measure,
the bill from the Senate is much better than the
one which the House sent to them, a hill which
imposed an immediate additional tax of forty
cents upon all whisky on hand, whether it were
distilled in j858, 1859, or I860, which was ex-
pressly exempt by our former law, or whether it
jj were distilled since. The House bill laid a tax
jj of forty cents more upon that whisky.
fl Sir, it is estimated by thosfi who are bt st
