1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Military and Post Itoads—Mr. Davis.
Ho. oe Keps.
is not the faci. That while the Government is engaged in
the suppression of a rebellion of unexampled fierceness
and magnitude, untl is constant!} draining: the country of
its laboring and pioducing population, and diverting its
mechanical industry from woiksof permanent value, to
the construction of implements of vvarfaie; while cities are
crowded and the country is to the same extent depleted,
and waste and extravagance prevail as they never before
prevailed in the United States, the nation, whatever may
be the external indications, is not prospering."
Sir, I take leave of the question of the general
welfare. The bitter hour of a people's bloody
sweat and agonizing tears will soon be here. The
mournful shadows of its funeral pall are already
penetrating the once bright and abundant homes
of virtuous labor. The spirit of oppression is
omnipresent in the land, and like death and fam-
ine, none will escape the pangs which it inflicts.
Let each eye which now beholds the sun take its
last look at scenes of plenty and prosperity. Our
fall from bounding, wealth and unlimited resources
to pinched and shrunken poverty and cowering
bankruptcy is as certain and as fatal under our
present policy as the fall of Lucifer, the morning
star, from heaven. And the exclamation of the
laborer as he toils in a hopeless bondage to the
public debt may well be as despairing as the an-
guish of the lost angel:
"Farewell, happy fields,
Where joy forever dwells. Hail horrors; hail
Tnfeinal world ; and thou, profoundest hell,
Receive thy new possessor."
And now, Mr. Chairman, what else remains?
What portion of the Constitution can yet be found
alive? What principle has been spared,preserved,
or protected by the destroyers who rule the na-
tion? Have they provided for the common de-
fense against foreign Powers? The Emperor of
France tramples the Monroe doctrine disdainfully
under his feet. He overthrows die republic of
Mexico, and on its ruins erects an imperial des-
potism in immediate contact with our borders. A
prince of the house of Hapsbuig, ttuined in the
coui is of Austrian oppression, becomes ourcloscst
neighbor. Perhaps it is needless to complain of
this near example of one-man power—this Euro-
pean head wearing a crown on North American
.soil. It will not be long if our present career is
unchecked until the terms dictator, king,and em-
peror will be as familiar in Washington as in the
palace of St. Gioud.
But, sir, the saddest question embraced within
the scope of my remarks remains to be answered
os I draw theiu to a close. Has the policy pur-
sued for the last three years resulted ia the form-
ation of a more pcrfcct Union?
No language that the tongue ol" man can utter
would form so expressive an answer to such a
question as a silent survey of the dreadful scene
winch lies before us. A gulf of blood and tears
and ail of human agony which the afftictcd rare
of men can know this side of the dread abodes of
the dammed., divides the suffering «nd miserable
sections of a once fraternal and contented people.
StalesmenofChnsUan faith,imbued with the lofty
spiiit of H<im who gave His blessing to the mcr-
ciful, could again span this horrid chasm and bind
together the torn and bleeding ligaments of ihe
Union. But an evil sttir is raging in our sky, and
under its malign power the legislation of the land
appears as the frenzied, murderous, disjointed
dreams of a -madman in his celL Such a penal
code as now stands in the way of the return of the
men, women- and children of the South to their
allegiance has no parallel in the annals of the hu-
man iace. A thousand miles of gibbets with the
dangling bailer and the ready executioner; uni-
versal confiscation of property to the remotest
period of an innocent posterity; the absolute ex-
touniniUiou of a who'le people and the appropria-
tion of the depopulated country to the unsparing
demands of s\ snore than Norman conquest; the
utter extinction of every vestige of our present
form of government by States—all this and infin-
itely more is contained m the enactments which
already sum theiecordsof American legislation.
But why need I dwell upon these evidences of dis-
union? The great leader of the Administration
on this floor, the gentleman frojn Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] has dehbeiately here announced,
after all our sacrifices, sorrows, and loss, that the
Union of our fatheisis dead, and that he who at-
tempts its icsuirection is a emmnal instead of a
patriot. He goes further, and admits all the ac-
ceded States have ever claimed—their nationality.
They have sought in vain in all the four quarters
of the earth for recognition. They find it at last
at the hands of those who speak for the Adminis-
tration on this floor.
Sir, I deny this doctrine. I plant myself on
the Constitution which recognizes an unbroken
Union. I shall stand there in every vicissitude
of fortune, and if I fall it will be when the people
themselves abandon their own Constitution, fey
the principles of this mighty instrument, I expect
finally a restoration of the Union of the States.
Every hour which the party in power prolongs
its control of affairs, postpones the auspicious
day, but as I behold the future it will assuredly
come. Material and indestructible interests unite
every section except that which prospers on fa-
naticism. And I here to-day, in the spirit of one
who expects and desires his posterity and theirs
to live together in the ancient and honorable friend-
ship of their fathers, wai n the southern people not
to look forwoid to separation and independence,
but to embrace every oppoitunily for cooperation
with the conseivative men of the North, who will
aid with their lives, if need be, to secure them
all their rights and institutions as free and equal
citizens of the United States. If this be done the
approaching presidential election will bring peace,
Union, and hb.erty. But if the peaceful popular
revolution of the ballot-box fails to produce these
results, then darkness will settle upon the face of
the deep, and the free institutions of America will
exist only on the page of the futuie historian.
Four years more of our present policy will leave
the Republic an unshapen mass of ruins, a wreck
more melancholy and hopeless than any that
strew the pathway of ages. And here in this fair
young western world, as in all former times, a
despotism willarise from the shattered fragments
of self-go vei nment, to which each succeeding gen-
eration shall pay the extorted tribute of its blood
and toil.
MILITARY AND POST ROADH.
SPEECH OF HON. T. T. DAVIS,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,.
Munii 23, 18G4.
The IIousc Iiavmg under consideration the Iiill (II. It.
No. 307) to dcelaro ceitain road.- military and post roads,
and to icguiate commerce—
Mr. DAVIS, of Now York, said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill before tlie House pro-
poses to sanction a railroad constructed between
the cities of New York and Philadelphia, and
which consists of portions of two lines built un-
der the authority of the State of New Jersey.
That State, by its prior legislation, had author-
ized the construction of another line of railway to
which the exclusive right had been given of trans-
porting passengers and freight between the two
cities, and it is claimed that the two roads last in-
corpoiated have violated the rights of the company
first chartered, in consenting, upon the requisition
of the War Department, to transport troops and
munitions of war en route to Washington, at a
time when its own capacity was entirely ex-
hausted. An effort is in consequence now being
made ill the courts of New Jersey to destroy the
offending coi porations.
1 state this fact in the outset to the House, and
hope that it will be borne in mind, for 1 think that
a luilroad line ought to be recognized as a legal
and lawful structure, when the Government in
time of war is compelled, in the absence of other
facilities, to resort to it for the purpose of trans-
porting troops and munitions of war for the de-
fense of the national capital.
The line formed by the connection of the Raritau
and Delaware Cay and of the Camden and Atlantic
City iculroads is claimed to create a competing
route with the line of the Camden and Amboy rail-
road between New York and Philadelphia; and
though public convenience and the necessities of
commerce may demand the opening of this line
for through business, the courts of New Jersey
interpose and declare that under the laws of New
Jersey and the charter to the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company no such competition can be
permitted.
This bill which declares this competing line a
lawful structure, in my judgment, proposes to do ,
no wrong. If we pass it we simply recognize
what already exists, and what I believe to be ne-
cessary to this country, not only for the emer-
gencies of war, but for the peaceful purposes of
commerce. The question is one of power alone,
and that is a constitutional question to be decided
by the courts of the United States. The parties
who ask our action have no remedy in the cgurts
of New Jersey, for the monopoly which controls
the other lines controls the courts, controls the
Legislature, controls the people, and rightfully,
in all probability, hold that they are bound by
the legislation of New Jersey. These companies
have no prospect of continued being except by the
interposition of Congress. If we recognize them
their rights can be adjudicated by the Federal
courts, and that is all tiiat they desire.
I have another reason for supporting this bill,
and it arises from the fact that the Legislature of
my own State has sent*to its Representees in
this and the other end of the Capitol the joint res-
olution of the Senate and Assembly instructing
their Senators and requesting their Representa-
tives to use all their power and influence in the
promotion of increased facilities for communica-
tion by railway between the cities of New York
and Washington. When I call to mind that the
line owned by the parties who solicit our inter-
position is as convenient and expeditious, and is
able to compete with the old line for business
between New York and Philadelphia; when I re-
member that this may, by appropriate connec-
tions, be made a part or link in a more perfect
system of railway communication between the
commercial and the political capitals of the Repub-
lic, I cannot be unmindful of the wishes of my
State, and am bound to see if, in the accomplish-
ment of their wishes, I can fairly and judiciously
support this measure.
The desire for improved communication be-
tween the North and Washington is universally
expiessed from the deep conviction of its neces-
sity. It comes from men of all classes and all in-
terests, and every man who becomes a passenger
over the route becomes a convert to the propriety
of the improvement. For more than twenty years
I have been interested m the railway system of
this country. A large proportion of the little I
possess of worldly commodities has been, and is
this day, invested ill railroad securities and rail-
road enterprises; and therefore I would notknow-
ingly commit myself to any principle of legislation
by which the greatsystemof railroad development
and communication could be unjustly affected.
I am a firm believer in the necessity for rail-
way organizations and in their beneficent agency
in the prosecution of those great enterpuses for
the pui pose of intercommunication which can be
accomplished only by the aggregation of the
capital of numerous associates. I am disposed to
give to such organizations all proper privileges
and all just protection. But, sir, when I consider
the grounds which are urged here by honorable
gentlemen against the passage of this bill a ques-
tion arises which seems to me paramount to every
personal and private consideration, and which
appeals to our conscientious and intelligent judg-
ment, upon the poweis with which this Govern-
ment is clothed by the Constitution. We are told
that this Government has no right to intervene,
that it has no right to step upon the sacred soil
of New Jersey and lay its hand upon a monopoly
which under the authority of local law erects a.
barrier across the highway of the national com-
merce. They tell us that New Jersey is a su-
preme and sovereign State, and that, regardless
of any power in the Federal Constitution, she may
create monopolies with the absolute,undisputed,
and exclusive authority to regulate that commerce
between New England, New York, the West,and
the South, whose natural pathway is across her
plains. When I hear such principles of State
sovereignty openly asserted and advocated by
gentlemen upon this floor, I feel inclined to the
support of this bill, regardless of every other con-
sideration whatever.
Sir, if I correctly understand the theory of this
Government, if I truly appreciate the vital and
paramount power of our Constitution, the Federal
Government is absolute and supreme throughout
