1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0331,
tJiat wars may keep the most enterprising and in-
dustrious nation always poor; and that had Great
Britain not expended in wars the incalculable
sums—almost equal to our own expenditures—
which the past hundred years might otherwise
have added to her operative capital, there would
hardly have remained the recollection of poverty
on her shores.
We are pursuing her career, with this differ-
ence, that in war we are our own enemies; while
we are exhausting our foe we are exhausting our-
selves. We are approaching the abysses of pov-
erty, therefore, inconceivably",faster than ever
England did.
No scheme like the present and proposed tariff
was ever before devised in this or any other
country which accelerates a nation to so sure a
downfall. No scheme everoperated so thoroughly
and rapidly to transfer wealth from the pockets
of the many to those of the few; from the hands
of labor to the coffers of capital, and that, too,
without a particle of consideration. If this sys-
tem shall continue in operation even for the small
period of five years it will change the whole face
of society in this country; nor can I fail to see
that the rich, who are rioting in the honest gains
of the poor man, may share with the poor the
horrors of that future. If in this once happy
and prosperous land poverty rises in its ghastly
multitudes to cut ^he throat of wealth and then
gash itself in the wild impatience of its own
hard fate, let the authors of this war and its un-
equal burdens bear the crime and curse, and seek
such mercy as Heaven may grant to those who
despoil the poor for the gratification of their un-
hallowed avarice. Gradually we are approach-
ing that terrible future. This iniquitous tariff
system is accomplishing the results aimed at by
the leaders of old Federalism—the distinctions of
classes, the subjugation of labor to capital, the
degradation of the masses, and the inauguration
of a concentrated and strong Government.
, Hence, said I not truly that this question in-
volved the problem of liberty ? For the party in
power, in addition to their oppressive taxation,
strike at the individuality and independence of the
States—the great distinctive and conservative feat-
ure of our national system, and which is abso-
lutely-essential to the preservation of the liberties
of the people.- They have established a paper-
money banking system, under the control of the
General Government, which concentrates power
in the Administration for the time being, and gives
it control over the property and pecuniary inter-
ests of the people. They expend the people's
money without scruple or stint, never listening to
the suggestions of economy nor the admonitions
of prudence, nor heeding the sufferings which fol-
•low from the burdens of taxation. Here they
vote appropriations for every conceivable project,
constitutional or not. They squander the public
lands, one of the sources of revenue which can
help to relieve the people from taxation, on every
conceivable project suggested by speculation.
They support and educate at the expense of the
people the negroes whom they have set free in
violation of the Constitution. They boldly and
shamelessly bring the power of the national Gov-
ernment, both civil and military, in conflict with
the freedom of elections and the liberty of the
press. They virtually suppress these great fran-
chises of the American people. In short, the party
in power has instituted a crusade of perfidy against
the institutions of the country and the liberties of
the people, which they preach with exulting and
shameless audacity, on the pretext of preserving
the Union 1
As the proper concomitant of these acts wo
have this tariff system, which is to be thrust on
the patience of a hitherto long-forbearing people.
Will they meekly bow to this new burden? It
may be that there is no retributive justice in
Heaven. We cannot, however, yet believe that
the almighty Ruler of nations has abandoned our
bleeding country to the caprice and wickedncss
of the leaders of the party in "power. Despotic
thrones, supported by absolute authority, have
in the lapse of time been shaken and have fallen
before the wrath of the Supreme Avenger, man-
ifested through the awful might and passion of
outraged peoples. Such is the lesson of history.
Warned by such examples, the men now in power
in this country need not hope to escape that re-
tributive vengeance which their crimes against
our country and constitutional liberty so justly
merit. ,.
Mr. BLAINE. It has'grown to be a habit in
this House, Mr. Chairman, to speak of New
England as a unit, and in assailing the New Eng-
land States to class them together, as has been
done to-day by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] throughout his entire speech. In response
to such attacks,, each particular Representative
from a New England State,might feel called upon
to defend the whole section. For myself, sir, I
take a different view. I have the honor to repre-
sent in part only one State, the State of Maine,
and I have no more to do with the local and par-
ticular interests of the rest of New England tljan
with any other State in the Union. The other
New England States are ably represented on this
floor, and it would be officious and arrogant in me
to attempt to speak forthem. But when the gentle-
man from Ohio presumes to charge here that the
State I represent receives from Federal legislation
any undue protection to her local interests, he
either ignorantly or willfully misrepresents the
case so grossly, that for ten minutes 1 will occupy
the attention of the House in correcting him.
If the gentleman from Ohio who has given ua
such a learned lecture on political economy were
at all well posted in regard to the industrial pur-
suits of the people of Maine he would know that
two great and leading interests are lumber and
navigation. Now will the gentleman be good
enough to tell the House what protection is ex-
tended by the laws of the United States to the
lumber interest? At no time in our history, sir,
did lumber receive more than a feeble protection,
and even that was taken away ten years ago by
the gentleman's political associates when they
formed the reciprocity treaty, and thus broke
down the only barrier we had and threw in the
whole lumber product of the British provinces to
compete with us. And in regard to our great in-
terest of navigation will the gentleman be good
enough to tell the House when a ship is launched
from a Maine ship-yard to engage in the comr
merce of the world what protection is given .by
the United States laws against competition with
foreign bottoms? Not a particle, sir. These two
great leading interests of my State derive no ad-
vantage from Federal legislation, while one of
them has been very greatly damaged by the treaty-
making power of the Federal Government. I do
not hesitate to declare here to-day that the State
of Ohio has upon her products and her manufac-
tures ten dollars of protection from Federal legis-
lation where Maine has twenty-five cents.
But, sir, let us take another view of this matter.
The State of Maine consumes every year five
hundred thousand barrels of flour, all of ^which
with a very trifling exception is brought from the
West, and a large proportion, I presume, from the
State of Ohio. Now if the gentleman's logic be
good, it would be a very admirable idea for this
country to so change its domestic industry as to
detach the six hundred thousand people of Maitie
from their present pursuits and convert them into
producers instead of consumers of breadstuffs and
provisions. And let this change be made through-
outall the manufacturing and commercial districts
of the Union, converting the five million consum-
ers into producers of grain and meats, and the
withering effect on the gentleman's State and on
the entire West would be too apparent to require
a speech of an hour and a half to demonstrate it.
Sir, I am tired of such talk as the gentleman from
Ohio has indulged in to-day, and in so far as it
includes my own State as being a pensioner upon
the General Government or dependent upon the
bounty of any other State, I huilback the charge
with scoin. If theie be a State in this Union
that can say with truth that her Federal connec-
tion confers no special benefit of a material char-
acter, that State is Maine. And yet, sir, no State
is more attached to the Federal Union than Maine.
Her affection and her pride are centered in the
Union, and God knows she has contributed of
her best blood and treasure without stint in sup-
porting the war for the Union; and she will do so
to the end. But she resents, and I, speaking for
her, resent the insinuation that she derives any
undue advantage from Federal legislation or that
she gets a single dollar thatshe does not pay back.
As compared with Ohio, whence this slander
comes, I repeat, sir, that Maine receives from Fed-
eral legislation no protection worth reckoning.
Mr. COX. I beg leave to correct, the gentle-
man. He could not have made these remarks if
he had listened attentively to my speech. , I re-
ferred to the lumber interest only to show that it
was unprotected. My remark, therefore, was in-
favor of the gentleman's State. I said tile lum-
ber interest of the West by the census of 1060
amounted to over $33,000,000, while that of New.
England was only about $12,000-,000. Hence,
lumber was unprotected.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman arraigned the
New England States, and I did not heaj him make
any exception.
Mr. COX. I did arraign New England aa a,
whole, but not in regard to the lumber interest.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 would like to know in re-
gard to what interests the gentleman arraigns my
State ?
Mr. COX. I named ten articles on which they
have special protection.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman name ono
article on which the State of Maine has especial
protection, only one; that is all I ask for.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that I
made no reference particularly to the State of,
Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. But the State of Maine is in
New England, and the gentleman's sweeping;
charges were against New England as a whole.
Mr. COX. I gave the statistics of cotton,
wooden, and iron manufactures, clothing, &c. If
any of these are in Maine,, my remarks will ap-
ply. Maine generally sustains the rest of New
England in her exactions.
Mr. BLAINE. Why, sir, your own State is
protected in iron to the amount of millions of dol-
lars more on that single article than Maine ever-
received on all her products together.
Mr. COX. It does not necessarily follow that
I am to stand up for one particular interest in my
State if I deem it against the general interests of
ihe whole State, or militates a just principle of
taxation.
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; but the gentleman
comes up here and classifies the States of the
Union as " protected"and " unprotected" States,
and he puts my State in the " protected " class,-
while the most youthful page on this floor who
has studied Mitchell's Geography knows that
the gentleman's own State derives from the Gen-
eral Government an immeasurably larger degree
of protection for her local interests than the State
of Maine does. And I tell the gentleman that he
shall not with impunity include my State in his
wholesale slander.
I observe, sir, that a great deal has been said
recently in the other end of the Capitol in regard
to the fishing bounties, a portion of which is paid
to Maine. I have a word to say on that matter,
and I may as well say it here. According to the
records of the Navy Department, the State of.
Maine has sent into the naval service since thq
beginning of this war six thousand skilled sea-
men, to say nothing of the trained and invalua-
ble officers she has contributed to the same sphere
of patriotic duty. For these men the State has
received no credit whatever on her quotas for the
Army. Ifyou will calculate theamountof bounty
that would have been paid to that number of men
had they enlisted in the Army, instead of enter-
ing the Navy as they did'without bounty, you
will find it will foot up a larger sum than Maine
has received in fishing bounties for the past twen-
ty years. Thus, sir, the original proposition on
which fishing bounties were granted—that they
would build up a hardy and skillful class of mar-
iners for the public defense in time of public dan-
ger—has been made good a hundred and a thou-
sand fold by the experience and the developments
of this war.
Thus much, sir, I have felt called upon to say
in response to the elaborate and carefully pre-
pared speech of the gentleman from Ohio. 1 have
spoken in vindication of a State that is as inde-
pendent and as proud as any within the limits of
the Union. I have spoken for a people as high-
toned and as honorable as can be found in the
wide world. I have spoken for a particular class
—many of them my constituents—who are as
manly and as brave as ever faced the ocean's
storms. And so long, sir, as I have a seat on
this floor the State of Maine shall not be.slan-
dered by the gentleman from Ohio, or by gentle-
men from any other Slate.
