1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
S3,500 more than the appropriations fur thermal
at San Fiancisco. 1 findalso that during the same
period the total coinage at the Mint at Philadel-
phia was £3,706,047 37; and during that year
the coinage at the mint at San Fiancisco was
$18,551,598 68—about six times the amount of
coinage at the mint in San Francisco that was
done in Philadelphia; and yet $3,500 more was
paid for expenses at the Philadelphia Mint. If
#125,000 is necessary for the payment of work-
men in the Mint at Philadelphia, which I do not
believe, smely $150,000 is not sufficient for the
mint in San Francisco. I think, looking at the
proportionate amount of coinage at each estab-
lishment, as reported last year from the Mintand
branch mint, $25,000 for this purpose at Philadel-
phia would be in excess of the amount allowed
for the mint at San Francisco. I therefore move
to reduce the appropriation to $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amount appropria-
ted last year for the Mint at Philadelphia for this
item was Jill,800, and it has been found that
that amount has left no balance. For the Cali-
fornia mint §105,000 was appropriated. This_
year there is a diffeience of |25,000 in favor of
the California niint in the appropriation for this
item. 1 can only say that these estimates come
from those who are directors of the several mints,
and are indorsed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who sends them to us. It is very clear that
by striking out the $100,000 and leaving $25,000
for the Mint at Philadelphia, the result will be
about to stop the work winch is done at the Mint
in Philadelphia at once. I suppose this move-
ment arises from the estimate which my friend
from Oregon feels with regard to the Superintend-
ent of the Mint at Philadelphia. He does not
like a certain letter of that officer, to which he re-
ferred some time ago, and therefore he infers that
it is about time to stop all business at the Mint at
Philadelphia. I hope the Senate will hardly come
to that conclusion, and especially without inform-
ation on the subject more definite than is pre-
sented.
Mr. NESMITH. I am not actuated by the
motive which the Senator from IVIainc attributes
to me. I have made a fair comparison of the
cost of coinage between the two places. Labor
must be very much cheaper at Philadelphia,
taking the Director's own argument; and 1 think,
based on the considerations there presented, this
appropriation is excessive. The reports show
what is done at the two mints. It is true that 1
regard the Mint at Philadelphia as a sort of pau-
per house for broken-down politicians. 1 can see
no other particular object for it. It coins only
about S3,000,000 a year, while the branch mint
at San Francisco coins about §20,000,000. Stijl,
I do not object to making a fair appropriation for
the Philadelphia Mint. It is probably necessary
that those politicians should oe supported there,
and I am willing to give them a fair support. I
think §95,000 is ample.
Mr. CONN ESS. The disparity m the coin-
age at the two mints, as shown by the Senator
from Oregon, is certainly very great; but 1 pre-
sumeitmaybe accounted for in this way: the coin-
age at San Francisco is mostly in double eagles,
twenty-dollar picces. We coin there some eagles,
but not many; a few half eagles, a few quaiter
eagles, and some half-dollar and quarter-dollar
pie(Ses, but I believe nothing below that. The
labor performed at the Philadelphia Mint consists
largely in making nickel cents, and ten and five-
cent pieces, and#hose classes of coins, which,
although they do not foot up very much in the
aggregate, involve a good deal of mechanical la-
bor. I suppose that is the real cause of the dis-
parity of the expenditures at those two institu-
tions.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On page 38 of the bill,
after line eight hundred and ninety-six, I pro-
pose to insert:
And from and alter the 30th dayof June, 1864, the salary
of the As.-istant Attorney Gencml shall be S4,U0U per an-
num, and the salary of the oilier clerk in the Attorney t,en-
cral's oflice §2,000 per annum.
1 offer this amendment from the Committee on
- the Judiciary in puisuance of a recommendation
from the Attorney General. Perhaps I had bet-
tor have what he says read to the Senate.
The Secretary read the following extract from
a letter of Hon. Edward Bates, Attorney Gen-
eral, to the chaiiman of the Committee on the
Judiciary:
" I need iinrtiiy inform you, sir, that the altered condition
of the country witiiin the last thiee yeais has greatly in-
creased and diversified the labors and eaies of this ornce.
As those labors consist mainly ot thought and study, we
have occasion for only u comparatively email clerical force.
Hut there is a pressing need in the office for more lawyers
than the present arrangement contemplates.
" The law provide* me with an assistant, ana I have been
fortunate in getting one who is a diligent, iaUhful, and able
man. Knowing him from his youth I chose him for those
qualities; and now he lemains with me at a positive pecu-
niary loss only on account of personal attachment. His
salary, fixed by law at $3,000, was perhaps well enough
four "years ago, but now is wholly inadequate as a recom-
pense for the talents, learning, and actual labor which his
position requires. His pay really ought to be $4,000.
" There are hut six clerks in my office, two only of whom
receive a salary of $1,600. The other four ore paid at a
lower rat«'. And it is of great importance to the due and
convenient discharge of the daily duliesofboth the Attorney
General and the assistant, that the chief eleik should be a
well-read reliable lawver; because an ordinary clerk, how-
ever intelligent and taithfui in the common routine of busi-
ness and in keeping the hooka fanly wntten up, cannot be
safely intrusted with many minor law matters propel ; such,
for instance, as correspondence with district attorneys and
i ... I,,>1 trv non A i rr
ior instance,;!-* ninppMiu' iin iviw ~ 
marshals and elotka of eoutts in lelation To pendmp cases.
And tin* is a class of duty from which the Attorney General
and his assistant ought, in view of their constant engage-
ment5; in matter far more impoi taut, to be, at least, in part
lehovcd. , „ , ,
" In theee times we cannot hope to command all the need-
ful qualifications of a chiefelei U in such a law otlicc as ihii
for $1,600 a year. At present we have one who, 1 hope and
believe, is eutnel> competent. But we have him by acci-
dent and ijy a temporary pressure of circumstances else-
where. . , ,
"I give it as my thoughtful opinion, founded on three
years of close observation, that the business* of this office
would not only be much facilitated, but that it would be a
piaetieal economy of public money, to raise the salary ot
the chief clctk of thi.s Department to §2,500, or at the very
lowest to $2,000."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be observed that
the highest salary paid to any clerk in the Attor-
ney General's office is $1,600, while all the other
heads of Departments have clerks who are paid
higher salaries. Thai, however, would be no
reason for raising the salaries now; but the rea-
son given b>the Attorney General is, I think, a
good one. 'He says the chief clerk in his office
ought to he a lawyer, and that it is impossible to
got a man fit for such a position, in the present
condition of the country, for $1,600 a year. I
think every one will appreciate thatatonce. The
amendment 1 have offered proposes to raise it to
$2,000. The Attorney General said it should be
$2,500, or $2,000 at the lowest. We took the
lowest sum. The effect is to make the chief clerk
in his office, who ought to be a lawyer, a $2,000
clerk, and it is manifest that a person fit to be
there can hardly be expected to be procured at a
less sum in the present condition of the country.
In regard to the Assistant Attorney General, I
do not know that I have anything more to say
than the Attorney General himself has said. That
is a high and responsible office. I do not think
we ought to raise the salary on account of the in-
cumbent; I have always been opposed to legisla-
ting in regard to the particular individual holding
an office-, and therefoie, although Mr. Coffey,
the piesent Assistant Attorney General, is a gen-
tleman, as I understand, of very great ability,,
whose services are certainly worth more than
$3,000,1 would not put it on any such ground as
that; but I put it on the ground that the office of
Assistant Attorney General, so important a po-
sition as that, with the vast amount of business
that comes before that office, ought to command
a salary higher than $3,000. I am not disposed
to take up time on the question. I submit the
proposition as from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and the Attorney General.
Mr. HALE. I hate to oppose tins proposi-
tion, because it looks ungracious to do soj- but
the difficulty is that we have got a complaint in
this country—it prevails and spreads more rap-
idly than ever the small-pox did—it is a universal
cry from all classes and all conditions every wheie
for increase of salary. Some men seem to think
that is a panacea which is to cure evciythmg. It
certainly will, if rtiy friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] comes in with a proposition to
increase pay and add rank. The increase of rank
and pay seems to be a panacea for curing all our
evils. 1 was at the Postmaster General's loom
this morning, and theie was Heuniversal replica-
tion from all the route agents for an imrease of
pay. There is a combination among ' nem, I be-
lieve, and the country is going to be 'cprived of
the services pf route agents if- their pay^ismot
increased. Yoli cannot call at any of'these oinee&
without being constantly told how low-their sal-
aries are. You listen to some of them- and- you
think them very reasonable/ But, sir, the Secret
tary of the Treasury has told us that if we want-
to serve our country and relieve it from the con-
dition in which it is, we must reduce our expend-
itures and increase our taxation. Etfery ease that
is presented is said to be an extraordinary* a pe-t
culiar one. I have no doubfthat if the country
could afford it, it would be well enough to raise
these gentlemen's salaries; but the fact of the
depreciation of the currency is one that affects
everybody, and if you raise the salary of one you
have got to raise the salary of all.
1 think we have gone in this direction far enough,
and a great deal too far. The call from the coun-
try is not for high salaries, but for a spirit of
sacrifice, and to submit to the burdens that the
emergencies of the country impose on us. 1 do
not want to say a word against these gentlemen;
1 have no doubt they are worthy, deserving gen-
tlemen, and if the condition of the Treasury and
of the country would justify it, 1 should be will-
ing to vote for an increase of their salaries. I
think the clerks in this office should he classified
as in every other office. I would give the^At-
torney General four classes of clerks, $1,200,
§1,400, $1,600, and $1,800. Let them be classi-
fied in this office just as they are in every oiher,
but I would not give any of them $2,000. I shall,
however, vote against the amendments for the
reasons I have given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope this a'mendment will
not be adopted. The difficulty will be perfectly
manifest. We have had a struggle over this ques-
tion of raising the salaries of heads of bureaus arid
Solicitors and Assistant Sccretai ies, and Congress'
finally settled down into a determination, 1 hope,
that it would not increase that class of salaries.
I have no doubt that Mi. Coffey is a very excel-
lent officer, but I have no doubt that many very
good lawyers can be found in the country who
would be very willing to accept the oflice and per-
form the duties of it for the amount of salary he
receives. I found a very different state of things
among the gentlemen receiving §3,000. While
some of them said they could not live at $3,000 a
year, others said they could live at $3,000 pro-
vided others of the same class did not receive more.
It depends altogether upon the degree of economy
that a man is disposed to use in these times. If
he wants to keep a couple of horses and a car-
riage and live in style, he cannot live on $3,000'
honestly, and some of them, 1 understand, do keep
their horses.
Mr. JOHNSON. Honestly?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know. It de-
pends altogether on the disposition ofthe man and
how much he is disposed to limit his wants to.
The Committee on Finance, on looking into this
matter, thought eveiybody should live, but that
people should try to live economically; and they
decided that in raising pay they would begin at
the bottom and raise the pay of the messengers
and watchmen, and that class of people who had
very low pay,and could not live comfortably upon
the amount they received. If we begin to apply
this rule, there is the Solicitor of the Tieasury,
who holds quite as important an office, and is a
lawyer of good standing, who receives less than
is pioposed to be allowed here. There are many
lawyers of excellent standing and ability, who are
heads of bureaus, and discharging their duties,
and doing vastly more labor, infinitely more la-
bor than the Assistant Attorney General is called
upon to do, who receive their $3,000 and do not
complain; and they hold the same rank. There
are the various Auditors and Comptrollers receiv-
m°- only $3,000 and remaining there. If we be-
gia.with this we shall have the same thing over
again, applications from all, and a continual con-
test and fight over it in making the distinction.
As good an officer as Mr. Coffey is, yet be-
lieving he is not the only man in the country who is
competent to fill the office, that many others may
be found, I do not feel disposed to change the con-
dition of things in that particular office, lam not
aware that the business of the Attorney Gen-
eral's office is very greatly increased by the rebel-
lion. It has not operated there. In other cases
where we hare been obliged to increase the force
in numbers, it has been from the greatly increased
