1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quainted with this- subject, that the amount of
liquor now on hand, if it could all be got at,
which would be subject to the new tax, is at the
extremest point two hundred thousand barrels,
or about ten million gallons; for although a bar-
rel holds but forty gallons, yet as the proof is
generally above first proof, it is estimated by cal-
culation that the two hundred thousand barrels
on hand would make ten million gallons. Ifforty
cents were to be laid upon that, it would raise
$4,000,000 upon the stock now on hand.
But I suppose that there is nobody who has seen
the operation of our tax laws, and who knows
how easy it is now to evade this new tax upon
that which has gone into every man's cellar or
storehouse, who supposes that more than half of
it would be taxed. 1 calculate, therefore, that
the extremest amount which would be produced
by the House bill would be $2,000,000.
Now, sir, although that amount would not be
rcached by the Senate bill, yet from its passage
up to the 1st of July there would be an additional
tax of ten cents more upon the amount which is
proposed to belaid by the House bill; that is,fifty
cents in addition to whatis now laid. I will not
take into account how much would be probably
manufactured in that time. From that time to
the 1st of January there would be twenty cents
in addition laid, making seventy cents more than
is laid by theHouse bill; and all that is produced
between those two periods, boing probably thirty
million gallons, would pay twenty cents in addi-
tion. Now that additional twenty cents would
produce more between this and the 1st of Janu-
ary than the whole amount we would get by tax-
ing the amount on hand—I speak of the increased
amount between forty and seventy cents.
Then, after the 1st of January, comes the tax
of eighty cents per gallon, which, if you lay it
upon what is estimated as the product in this
country, sixty-six or seventy million gallons,
would produce between forty and fifty million
dollars annually. The tax being imposed upon
the distillers, nearly all of that amount would be
made subject to taxation, and instead of getting
some thirty million we should get forty-eight or
fifty million dollars when this bill came into full
operation; that would take place on the 1st of
January next. In the mean time it would injure
nobody. The distillers who have now gram on
hand, or have cattle and hogs on hand, would go .
on and run out theirstoekat the ten cents increase,
and provide for future operations as the interests
of the country might require.
We know, sir, by the prices-current that the
tax laid hy this House when the bill was last be-
fore it—I speak of the amendment ottered by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Flr.yando
Wood]—caused whisky to sink immediately m |
the city of New York twenty-five cents a gallon !
and in the city of Chicago thirty cents a gallon, |
and that com fell from twenty to twenty-five cents
iri the western country. That is a fact of record
as the effect of thut unfonuriate amendment, af-
fecting, as it did, the large distil lei s who had sent '
on to New York for sale and had it in the hands :
of their correspondents there. Theie was a lar^e j
amount of il disposed of in that way. Specula- i
tors, it is true, had some, but not a large amount, i
And they were legitimate speculators according to '
the laws of the country, and are no more obnox- j
ious to the censmv of the House than any man !
who buys a rami m-day for $100 an acre and sells i
it to-moriow for ^150 an acre. '
Now, one thing is to be considered. I learn ;
that at Pcoua, Illinois, there are several distillers
who distill a hundred barrels a day, and are con- J
stantly sending it to their correspondents m New !
Yoik. In the present state of transportation by j
rail they inform me it takes forty days after the j
whisky is embarked to reach its place of destina- !
tion, where it is deposited, not as sold, but, under :
the law, for sale. Now, there are therefore four ;
thousand barrels of liquor from each of those dis- :
tilleries in trumita each day, passing fioni their !
distilleries to their correspondents in New York, j
All that is to be affected by the House bill, as well i
as the stock winch they had on hand in New Yoik. j
The amount which would be lost by it is almost >
incalculable. OnedistiIler,a candid, honest man, j
told me that the difference to him would be !
$140,000; and that loss would be without any fault !
of his own. He had manufactured his stock on j
the faith of what he supposed to be the policy of I
the Government, and he had honestly kept it,
either in his own hands or in the storehouses of
his correspondents. 1 suppose that every mem-
ber has discussed this matter in all its bearings
since the last time flie question was before the
House.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, stated the positions
of the two bills. It will be for the House to say
what it believes to be the most proper course for
it to pursue, and what the most profitable for the
revenue of the country. The Committee of Ways
and Means has no doubt that the Senate bill is
not only the fairest and most faithful bill, but that
it will produce much more revenue in the coming:
year.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the
question before the House is on concurrence with
the amendments made by the Senate to House
bill No. 122. It is whether the House shall ad-
here to its amendment to the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, or whether we
shall recede from it. The effect of the motion of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is therefore practically to restrict the rev-
enue proposed to be raised by the bill. Sir, this
is the most extraordinary proposition, coming
from the quarter it does. We are in the midst of
a most expensive and exhausting war. Our re-
ceipts from all sources are far below our expend-
ltuies. The Government is dependent on its
credit and not on its legitimate revenues for the
payment of us ordinary contingent expenses.
This House, with a proper sense of the propriety
of this species of legislation, which looks to a le-
gitimate source of revenue as contradistinguished
from a revenue by the expansion of Gov eminent
credit, adopted an amendment against the remon-
strance of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means which would increase the rev-
enue, not, as has been just said by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, $1,000,000, but would in-
crease it mstanter at least ten million dollars.
Admitting that this article of spirits is a legiti-
mate subject for taxation, it is a vei)' extramdi-
nary spectacle to see the Committee of Ways and
Means opposing a proposition which'ia to take
from the hands of monopolists and speculators
forty cents a gallon on the stock on hand, and put
it into the public Treasury. Those whose duty
it is to protect the public interest have not thronged
the avenues to this Hail. They have not button-
holed members of the two committees of both
Houses of Congress. Gentlemen connected with
the Committee of Ways and Means on the one
hand and of the Finance Committee on the other
have not been button-holed by those who desire
to protect the public mteiestor the pubheTteas-
ury, but by those who are looking for the pro-
tection of i heir .individual interests to the exclu-
sion of the public interest. And it is from that
quarter, Mr. Speaker,that the gentleman gets his
data and his facts which he has just presented to
the House. He says that there are only t\\ o hun-
dred and fifty thousand bands to be affected by
the amendment. Why, sn, I can name three
men in the city of New Yoik who own almost
half that quantity themsflves, neither of whom ,
is a merchant or alegitnnate trader in anyartiele
of merchandise or production whatever. As I ■
said on a previous occasion, I repeat here now, ;
that in advance of the recommendation of the j
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, m advance j
of any official publication of the deficit of the rev- j
enue arising from tins article, in advance of any i
conclusion mi the pait of the SecieUuy of the ;
Treasury, and in advance of the assembling of Con- !
gross, persons not distillers, not trade) s, i.ot mer- \
chants, but politicians, who have no other trade or i
occupation, were in possession of information that ,
enable d tin m to pui chase whisky atfoi ty-six cents !
a gallon, which went up inNovemberto sixty- j
oue cents a gallon, and m the month of December ,
to ninety-two cirtts a gallon.
These are facts, Mi. Speaker, and facts are ,
worth all the specious aigurnentk und yil the false '
representations and interested statements of par- J
ties who have been caught in their attempts to de- j
fiaud the Treasury by monopolizing an article en ;
winch the necessities of the Government require j
a heavy tax to be imposed. Therefoie, sir, in- I
stead of two hundred and fifty thousand barrels, j
I repeat there are four times that amount to be j,
affected,which would produce an income ofat least jj
ten million dollars immediately to the revenue, u
We are told, Mr. Speaker, that tjie distillers
are to be affected. I contend that the rcve.rse is
the case; and I think there is no difficulty^ in
showing that the leverse is the fact. If you PS£|S
these Senate amendments you will huvp a m^uion
barrels in market that have paid this twehtycents
a gallon. That will be in the market at forty'cpnt^
a gallon less than the manufacturer will pe able
to produce it. The distiller cannot compete with
the holders of stock until that quantity has*been
sold, because upon cverjr gallon sixty cents has
to be paid in the way of revenue, whereas one
million barrels in existence has to pay twenty
cents. Therefore it is the interest of the honest
distiller that his production should be ptffc upon
a level with that of monopolists and large oper-
ators.
Sir, we have one bank in the city of New York
that has advanced §250,000 to persons to buy up
whisky in advance of this tax. That is a fact.
But we are also told that there is no precedent for
this legislation. That is rung in my ears bjr gftrf-
tlemen from New York who are interested in this
whisky speculation, that the English Govern*
menthas never done so. There are many things
we could imitate with advantage in English legis-
lation, and this thing of direct tax may be one of
them. The English Parliament did place an in-
creased tax upon spirits on hand. It was done
in the year 18G0. By reference to the Statutes
General of Great Britain for 1860, it will be seen
that a like objection was obviated without diffi-
culty. On the 29th of February an act was passed
levying duties upon certain goods and commodi-
ties. On the 17th of July, m the same year, an
act was passed increasing the duties upon the same
articles. And then, to obviate the difficulty in re-
spect to contracts previously made, the following
provision was enacted:
"And whereas contracts or ngicemmta may have been
made for the sale or dehveiyof some of the goods or com-
modities on whio]) increased or additional duties of excise
arc by this act granted and imposed, which comraetsor
agjfemonK mny have been made with no retcrence to &ucii
additional duties, and theieby the several contractors may
bo materially affected ; for remedy thereof.
u Jic it enaded, That cveiy pcinou who shall have made or
enfeiedintoanvMicheonti.ietorajfreemunt,shall he, and is
heicby, authorized and einpoweicd, m tiie ease of any >uch
contract 01 airieemein, to add ^o much money as will be
equivalent to the ineiea^ed oi additional duty hereby gi anted
on such good*: or commodities let-peetivoly to the ptice
thereof, and &hal! be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid,
and to bucand recovcrthc same accordingly.''
Can it be said because Congress has levied one
dollar tax upon any specific article, no matter
what may be the public, necessities, that article
cannot be subjected to an additional tax? That
doctrine is entirely inconsistent with the practice
of this country and Great Britain.
The amendments of the Senate m some respects
may be an improvement upon the Bouse bill; but
so far as they refuse to concur in the provision
to place the tax upon the slock upon hand they
are wiong, they are unfairand unjust to the man-
ufacturer. They are a fraud upon the honest
trader. They ate impiopei so far us collecting
revenue is concerned, and in my judgment this
House should not concur in them. We take our
position Ik; re for the public good. The Government
wanted revenue, when the Committee of Ways and
Means fixed upon this article from which to derive
it. They brought in a bill which upon its face
places in the hands of those who have improper-
ly obtained information o\er ten million dollars—
places that amount in the hands of speculators,
which would otherwise go into the Treasury.
The House non-concurred in that provision of
the Committee of Ways and Means by a majority
of forty, and it is now for us todetei mine whether
one bianch of Congress shall do the legislation
for both branches; whether wc arc to be rebuked
and held up before the world as incompetent and
incapable legislators; whether, in other words, the
Constitution is to be subverted which places" into
both Houses of Congress equal rights and equal
powers? That is the subject on which we are
now to act. Therefore, Air. Speaker, as a mat-
ter of justice, a.j a matter of proper legislation, as
a matter of House pi ide, 1 hope that wc will stand
fit in in the position we have taken with so much
unanimity, or rather with such a large majority,
and refuse to concur in the Senate amendments.
Mr. DAYIS, of New York, obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received a
communication fiom a member v.ho is ubLint on
