1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
April 19,
business. Iam not aware that the business in
that office is so greatly increased that there is not
force enough, it is a mere question of pay, and
I sincerely hope that the Congress will leave that
matter as'it is; and 1 feel more disposed to leave
it so because the Attorney General is a man of
such vast capacity and infinite powers of labor
that he does really not need the amount of aid,
perhaps, that another man of less ability might
in his position.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have another amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That the accounting officers of
the Treasuiy are hereby authorized mid directed to allow
to the reporter of the Supreme Court the amount of his
annual salaiy for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1664,011
the production ot satisfactoiy evidence that he has deliv-
ered to the Secretary of the interior the number of copies
of the decisions of said court pieseribed by law, and that
said books have been received and acceptcd by .said Sec-
rotary.
1 can explain that in one minute, and there are
papers which will explain it—a letter from the
First Comptroller of the Treasury. The law
allows-the reporter of the Supreme Court a sal-
ary of $1,300, and has provided that " the com- \
pensation shall not be paid unless the reporter '
shall print and publish, or cause to be printed and
published, the decisions of the said court made
during the time he shall act as such reporter,
within six months after the said decisions have
been made." And another provision of the law
requires him to deliver one hundted and fifty
copies of the repot ts to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. The late reporter of the Supreme Court 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that the amendment reads u the reporter;" it
should be 44 lute reporter/' for he has been
changed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It should be " late re-
porter/' it applies to Judge Black. The word
'Mate" should be put in. The books were de-
livered to the Secretary of the interior, as these
fmpers show, and the amendment would not al-
ow the payment if they had not been; but it
was after the six months had expired, and the
Comptroller of the Treasury says that there was
a reason why .they were not delivered before,
which was satisfactory, but he refused to make
the payment because the six months had expired.
The Government has accepted the books, and it
is manifestly just that the allowance should be
made. It requires no new appropriation, for the
money was appropriated last year. This amend-
ment merely allows the settlement.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred and
seventy-one, on page 8:
To enable tin- Joint Libraiy Committee to purchase a
complete file of selections nom European periodical!* irom
1801 to 11364,relating to the rebellion in the United State'?,
to be deposited in the Library, $4,000 : Provided, That do
part of said sum ^hall be expended until the entire eolleo- )
tion and an index thereto is completed and approved by s-aid i
committee.
1 propose this amendment by direction of the
Committee on the Library. A gentleman, Col-
onel JNoiton, has undertaken a work of this
kind and exhibited to the committee a specimen !
of it. The proposition is to complete it by col-
lecting from all the principal publications of Eu-
rope, in England and on the Continent, at tides in
relation to our present rebellion, presenting the
manner in which the subject is understood and \
treated in those periodicals. It will be a work of '
a large number of volumes, and, in the estima- !
tion of the committee, a reasonable price will be j
the sum fixed in the amendment. It is a propo- >
sition to include articles from the Times, News, \
Standard, Manchester Guardian, John BulULon- i
don Illustrated News, Illustrated Times, the Ex- i
aminer, the Index, the Leader, the Saturday Re-
view, the four Cluarteiiy Reviews, the Army and I
Navy Gazette, and the Law Magazine, m Eng- i
land; the JWoniteur, the Presse, the Journal des '
Debats, and other publications m Prance; and the !
leading publications m Germany and Belgium. !
This collection will be exceedingly valuable to
any one who has occasion to ascertain what were
the views entertained m Europe at this critical and
impoitant period of out history,and its vaiue will i
be most materially enhanced by being arranged m 1
the order of time and having an index made to it, !
so as to enable one at any time to refer to thedif- i
ferent volumes and the different articles as occa-
sion may require. In the opinion of the committee,
it will be very well worth this amount of money,
and, indeed, it will cost the whole sum toprepareit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. On page 3 I propose to
strike out all the words in lines forty-two, forty-
three, and forty-four up to the word 44 eighty "on
the forty-fojyrth line. The bill as it reads gives
to "the assistant in charge of the furnaces $600;
laborer in charge of private passages, $600; two
laborers at $480 each." The amendment adopted
yesterday at the instance of the Finance Commit-
tee relating to messengers in the Executive De-
partments, incteased their pay some twenty per
cent, more than heretofore received, making them
receive $720 m lieu of $600. I understand, and
indeed the fact must be so, that the laborers we
have, have just as much to do, and are just as
faithful as the laborers in the other Departments
of the Government; and I propose after those
words are stricken out to move the insertion of
what I will read:
Four laborers at an annual salary of $7*20.
So as to make the bill read after " dollars" in
the foi ty-first line:
Four laborers at an annual salary of $790 each.
There are now four laberers; two of them get
$600, and two of them get $480. That is the
whole amount of the increase of the appropria-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
if he moves that amendment by instruction of
any committee?
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to state that the words proposed
to be stricken out have been amended, and there
are other words in the bill. The Secretary will
read that clause as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Assistant in ehiuge of furnaces, $000; laborers in charge
of private passage1-, $600 ; two laborers at$600 each.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is $480 in the printed bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. My object is to give them
all $720. I do not move it at the instance of any
committee. I suggest it to the chairman whether
it is not right that our laborers should receive as
much as the others; they are very faithful, I am
told.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a great many
laborers left in the Departments who receive only
$Gi)0; those who had $480 before and some $500.
I have nothing to say in regard to the Senator's
motion exceptthat I must suggest,as I am bound
m this case, that I believe the Senator cannot
move to increase the appropriation unless he is
instructed byn committee to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not instructed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the impression
of the Chair, the amendment is not in order un-
less it be reported by a committee.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to propose an
amendment to the bill on page 43, at the end of
line ten hundred and twenty-eight:
For salarv of warden of the jail in the District of Colum-
bia, $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to propose an
amendment on page 43, to stnke out lines ten
hundred and twenty, ten hundred and twenty-
one, and ten hundred and twenty-two in the fol-
lowing woids:
Foi Kilaries> and other accessary expenses of the metro-
politan police for the District of Columbia, $110^000.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For salaries of superintendent, sergeants of police, and
police patrolmen, $62,900; and that the salaries of said
superintendent, seigeants, and pohcc patrolmen aic hereby
increased twenty per cent.; ami that one half of the sal-
aries and otiier necessary expend of the metropolitan
police provided for in the act entitled '"An actio cieate a
metropolitan police in the Dintuct of Columbia and to
e-tablish police ih'jiefor,'"' approved August 6,1861, and of
this act are heieby imposed upon and shall be boine alter
the UOUi day of June next by the eiut^ of Washington and
Georgetown, and the county of Washington, and in the
following pioportion, to wit: the city of Washington,
twelve ftiieenths; the city of Georgetown, two fifteenths;
and the cou..iy ot Washington, one fifteenth,
I will stale in a word the substance of the
amendment. In the first place, it increases the
eompensation of the active police force, namely,
a superintendent, sergeants of police, and police
patrolmen twenty per cent. The salary of the
superintendent of police.now is $1,500, and we
propose to add twenty per cent, to that. The
sergeants of police receive $600, and they are in-
creased twenty per cent. *The police patrolmen
now receive $480, and they are increased twenty
per cent. The next proposition is to impose one
half of all the expenses of the metropolitan police
upon the District in the proportion stated in the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One half of the whole
amount or one half of the addition ?
Mr. MORRILL. One half of the whole ex-
penses of the metropolitan police under the act
referred to in the amendment. By the actof 1861
a new system of police was inaugurated for the
District of Columbia, and the whole expense of
that system was imposed upon.the Treasury of
the United States, and has been so borne since
that time. The Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia do not see why the whole police expense
of the District should be borne by the Treasury
of the United States. That there is a fair demand
for the proposed increase of salaries the commit-
tee do not doubt from the facts, they had before
them; but they are equally clear that the cities of
Georgetown and Washington and the county of
Washington should contribute to the maintenance
of this police system. That is all there is of this
proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this metropolitan po-
lice fordfe that we make this appropriation for the
only police force we have in these cities?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 had the impression that
it was an additional police.
Mr. MORRILL. All the police duties of the
District of Columbia are performed by the met-
ropolitan police. The old system was entirely
abrogated by this system, which was inaugurated
in 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As this amendment re-
duces the amount of the appropriation, I of course
have no objection to it, if it be acceptable to the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Tl^PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on concurring in the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole.
The question wiil be taken on all the amend-
ments together, except those upon which separate
votes are desired, if there be no objection.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 wish the amendment I of-
fered from the Committee on Pensions reserved,
for a separate vote, as I desire to move an amend-
ment to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is now on concurring in the following amend-
ment, which was reserved for a sepaiate vote:
Foi additional clerks in the Pension Bureau duiing the
remainder of tin* present fiscal year and the twnlyeai end-
ins; the 30th day of June, 1865, the >uni of $21,000: Pro-
imlcd. That the fiecretaiy ot the Interior, at ins di>eretion,
"Shall be, and he is hereby, authouzed to use any portion or
said appiopruiMon ioi piece woik, or by the day, week,
month, or > eai, at such rate or rates av he may deem just
and fair, not exceeding a salary of 1,200 per annum.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by stnking out "$1,200" and inserting
" $1,400;" so as to leave it as it stood originally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope the amend-
ment will not be amended as suggested. It is im-
possible, I think, with any piopriety to make a.
distinction between Depaitments on this subject.
If the Commissioner of Pensions wants to ad-
vance his clerks to higher classes he will have
• this sum within his control, and he can pay to
I those that are already in his employ a larger
■ amount, and employ outsiders at §1,200. There
| is no practical difficulty in it. Pie can accomplish
his purpose in that way; and certainly those-who
are now in the Department as clerks of the first
class will be more likely to be able to peiform a
higher grade of duty than others he may get to
come in new and fresh from the outside to perform
that same class of duties.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose it because the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
