THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2i
I
Mr, GRINNELL obtained the floof.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. GRINNELL. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
■ Mr. DAWES, I do net desire to enter into
any controversy with- the gentleman from Ohio,
or to undertake to make any invidious compari-
sons between States'; or, with the gentleman from
' Maine, to select my State out from any share of
the opprobrium sought to bo heaped on New
England. For one, as a representative from Mas-
sachusetts, I am perfectly willing that my State
shall- take it all. Massachusetts has the honor
of haying always been, white the rebellion was
brewing, the best hated State in the Union; and
so long as she maintains that honor for the same
reason that gave it to her, I am perfectly content
"She gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] assumed
this morning, for the first time, to deal in facts.
1 do Hot know that he has ever before attempted
to play that r6le. His t"oie has always been gen-
eral denunciation. I suggest to him the propriety
of consulting the authorities from which he has
derived his figures a little more carefully than he
has done. He has attempted here, with an array
of figures, to show that New England, or, as my
friemi [Mr. Blaine] prefers not to have Maine
counted in, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island
Where his old teacher of political economy lives,
have not only got all the special legislation in
their favor at- the expense of the West—and I
Suppose the gentleman means his own district par-
ticularly—but that they have not furnished their
share 'of men and money. Massachusetts alone
has the honor of being singled out, by name, by
the gentleman from Ohio, and 1 congratulate
Massachusetts on the fact that no other State is
deemed worthy of this renewal, this reviving of
the old and stale calumnies on New England, as
tt State which has not furnished hershnre of men
lb this war. Well, sir, that was the charge*
brought by a South Carolina rebel against Mas-
. Sachusetts, touching her share in the Revolution;
but when the figures wore turned to it was found
that Massachusetts had furnished four soldiers
to the revolutionary war for every one furnished
by the State from which the charge originated.
Now, my friend from Ohio says that Massachu-
setts falls short of her share about twenty-one
thousand men. Now, let me just correct the gen-
tleman in this statement, and 1 will not detain the
House longer. Massachusetts, in a settlement
made on the 1st day of May with the Provost Mar-
shal General of the United States, after being al-
lowed fifteen thousand men whom she hassentinto
the Navy, was found to be behind her quota four
thousand instead of twenty-one thousand,as the
gentleman charges. A nd, sir, Massachusetts has
not only sent to the Navy fifteen thousand men,
but fifteen hundred of these men have been sent
from a single town; while the State of Ohio—and
I suggest this to my friend from the Columbus
district—was ten thousand men behind hef quota
at the same time when my distinguished friend
was arraigning the Stale of Massachusetts.
Now, let me call the attention of the House to
the amount which Ohio, with nineteen Repre-
sentatives upon this floor, pays for the support of
this Government in this war in the shape of taxes
as compared with whatMaasachusetts pays, with
tea Representatives upon this floor. Massachu-
setts in ten months paid in the shape of taxes
#4,800,000; while Ohio for the same period of
time, with nearly double herpopulation.and with
more than twice the same amount of minerals, of
real estate, and of the substantial wealth of the
country, pays a less amount of tax. I have be-
fore me the exact figures, which are as follows:
Massachusetts in ten mouths paid in taxes,
$4,6,i0,500 86; Ohio, for the'same period, paid
t 3,217,480 70; making a difference in favor of
lassachusetts of $1,613,020 16.
And now let me ask what is the Comparative
amount paid by my district and by the district of
the gentleman who now arraigns Massachusetts
upon this floor. My district for the same period
, of ten months paid $553,000; the gentleman's dis-
trict paid $106,483 70; making a difference of
$386,514 30.
Now, sir, 1 do (lot care to make those Compaq
isons; they ought not to be made here. When I
should be found arraigning any of the States of
this Union in this emergency I would% in my
judgment, be found departing from my duty here;
and 1 only refer to these-figures to show the gen-
tleman from Ohio what*little ground there is for
standing up here and asking the indulgence of the
House tor an extension of time for the purpose of
arraigning a sister State of this Union upon false
charges which he brings in here.
I nave no disposition to ertter upon any su'ch
system of arraignment as thisj nor into any com-
parison between the different States of this Union.
The State of Massachusetts is ready to bear her
full share of the blood and treasure which are' to
be expended in this war. She has no drop of
blood, she has no dollar of treasure which is not
consecrated to the salvation of this country; she
shed the first blood in this war, and she is ready to
shed the last. Come weal come woe, come pover-
ty come riches, she will turn her back never upon
the flag which floats over your head. She cares
not Whether the gentleman's district or the gen-
tleman's State shall be behind or before her; up
to the measure of her capacity she consecrates all
herenergies to carrying this'Government through
this great struggle.
Mr.KELLEY. 1 simply wantto suggestthat
the 18th of April was before the 19th, and as
Pennsylvania blood was shed on the 18th of April,
1 state to the gentleman from Massachusetts that
the first blood shed in this war was that of a col-
ored man from,Pennsylvania. 1 expect to repeat
this fact until it will be recognized by Massachu-
setts men as a fact. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 yielded a portion of my
time to the gentleman who has preceded me [Mr.
Datves] for the purpose of correcting the «tate-
ments of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
Sir, let me add I have heard of the sophistry of
figures, and before proceeding to discuss this sub-
ject as I intended I shall call the attention of the
House to some figures which are found in this
volume published by Congress in regard to my
own section of country, which the gentleman from
Ohio has seen fit to misrepresent and trSduco upon
this floor.
If we are to take the statements of the gen-
tleman from Ohio we in the West are a set of
nomads, a half-civilized, barbarous race, raising
nothing but corn, wheat, and pork for our sup-
port. Now, sir, here is a fact in regard to the
manufactories of the western States. While I
find that New England has fourhundredand fifty-
three manufactories,'and the middle States seven
hundred and forty-eight, the western States have
four hundred and seventy-nine manufacturing
establishments. It will be observed, therefore,
that the western States had some twenty or thirty
manufactories more than New England in 1860f
and have increased fifty per cent, the last four
years. The people of New England and Penn-
sylvania are denounced as vampires, feeding upon
the wealth of the people of the West, enjoying
all the benefits of Government and the new States
none.
Sir, I have no words which I can use to exe-
crate sufficiently such language, in arraying the
sections in opposition during a time of war; as if
we were not one people, descended from one stock,
having one interest, and bound up in one destiny.
The gentleman remarked if this were not a war
measure at this time it would produce revolution.
I dissent entirely. I believe this tariff bill, pre-
sented from the Committee of Ways and Means
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
will not be associated with the degradation sought
to be attached to the Morrill tariff of 1861 by those
who were for disunion. I think that the country
will regard it as one of the measures of protec-
tion and necessary for a revenue, which will tend
to assure us of an independence of our enemies
abroad.
Thegentleman has said that this tariff law would
be oppressive to the West; that all tariff laws are
oppressive to the West and South. It may be
oppressive to the South, and I leave him to an-
swer for that section. 1 would join in any meas-
ure of oppression upon the South that would
bring them to a knowledge of their great crime of
rebellion. But I shall prove that this measure at
this time will not be oppressive to the West. It
will leacf us hereafter to guard those interests
which we have heretofore neglected; I mean the
industrial and manufacturing establishments of
the West.
I notice th& gentleman assumes to speak for
the whole West. There are six' or seven States
west of his own. They do not mean in the fu-
ture, if I understand their domestic economy, sim-
ply to raise grain and send it to Europe; they do not
desire to confine themselves to raising pork and
beef; no, sir, we mean also to encourage, increase,
and extend our manufacturing interests, and build
up a noble rivalry between the Mississippi and
the Merrimac. If they can manufacture cheaper
upon the Merrimac than we can upon the Mis-
sissippi, then let them and not England manu-
facture for the JJnitedStates. Weare new States,
rich in soil favored by climate, and we mean to
invite emigrants from all nations of the earth and
to add to our natural wealth, and make the home of
manufacturing industry throughout the whole
West. ,
Let me say in regard to tariff policy, if I had
time I could show that Washington and Jeffer-
son, and the fathers of the Republic, were in favor
of tariff for protection in time of peace, and they
were called statesmen. What, then,becomes us
now but to forget party and locality, and provide
means to meet our war expenses in preparation,
I trust, for an era of real peace and prosperity
before unknown?
Sir, the first gun fired at Fort Sumter, in 1861,
seems to reverberate still. Its wide throat had
power to drown much of the clamor of home free
traders, sweep away the theories of peace so-
cieties, and move from their foundation the corner-
stones of American slavery. The last tariff was
framed under the frowns of the European lords of
the shop, the mill, and the loom; all previous
ones were enacted with regard to the prejudices
of free traders, in subjection to the policy of slave-
owners and on the basis of a national peace estab-
lishment. This is a new era. Our pecuniary bur-
dens imposed by war have brought a small com-
pensation for suffering in a desire to escape foreign
vassalage, and that colonial dependence which
was felt a century ago, under restraint, by the
policy and power of the mother country. Itwas
then the avowed policy " to keep a watchful eye
over the colonies, to restrain them from setting up
any of the manufactures which are carried on in
Great Britain, and any such attempts should bo
crushed in the beginning." The first convention
of the colonies protested against the exercise of
that power which compelled them to bo mere pro-
ducers of raw staples, and to make exchanges with
their oppressors if they would enjoy the comforts
of fabrics made by machinery. It was oppression,
blocking up the way to colonial wealth and inde-
pendence by placing the heavy burdens of trans-
portation on the former and separating the pro-
ducer from the consumer by the ocean.
A few years preceding the Declaration of In-
dependence the colonies had resolved to cease
buying foreign fabrics, and to assert their com-
mercial independence, except their rights were
regarded.
As early as 1771, Benjamin Franklin, writing
from London, expressed what I wish might ba
read by every theoretical free trader. He says:
"tfyour country people would weii consider that ail
tliey save in refusing to purchase foioign gewgaws and in
making their own apparel, being applied to tlie improve-
ment of their plantations, would render those more profit-
able as yielding a greater produce, X should hope they
would persist resolutely in their present commendable in-
dustry and frugality." ******
"Every manufacturer encouraged in our country makes
part of a market for provisions witiun ourselves, and saves
so much money to the country as must otherwise be ex-
ported to pay for the manufactures he supplies. Here in
England it is well known and understood tiiat, whenever
a manufacture is established which employs a number of
hands, it raises the value of lands in the neighboring coun-
try alt around it; partly by the gieater demand near at
hand for the producc of the land, and partly by the plenty
of money drawn by the mannfaeturer to that part of the
country. It seems, therefore, the interest of all farmers
and owners of land to eneouiage young manufactures in
preference to foreign ones imported among us from distant
countries."
These philosophic observations were founded
Upon a knowledge of the natural capacity of our
soil and spirit of our people, stung by the effects
of arrogant commerce, which was arraigned as a
cheat. His theories have never been successfully
controverted, and when the guide of our legisla-
tors the country has found prosperity; when ab-
jured, revulsion, pecuniary disaster, and national
vassalage. At that early day, anterior to the
Revolution, when the clearings were scarcely out
of sight of the ocean, and when in but few of the
rich valleys the methods to enhance the value of
