1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO"
lands v^ere understood to be by the Introduction
of manufactures, even then it was an accepted ax-
iom, " population is wealth." The exception to
this is when there is found a low grade of civili-
zation, and in the great cities.
In no country is there furnished a wore strik-
ing illustration of the relation of population to
wealth than in our own. Land suited to farming
in New England and in the manufacturing por-
tions of New York and Pennsylvania is worth
from one to two hundred dollars the acre; thatof
the same quality on the railway in Ohio is worth
fifty dollars theacrc; in Illinois thirty dollars; in
Iowa fifteen dollars. This difference in valuesisnot
attributable to climate, but to density of popula-
tion which secures cheap exchanges in trade,and
a community of interests which even higher rates
of duty than those proposed in this bill would fa-
cilitate, concentrating population and bringing the
operative from the Olu World to our shores.
* Franklin at ■ the same writing expresses his
gratification that the spirit of industry and fru-
gality continued with the people, and " that the
merchants had not departed from their agreement
of non-importation." They did not, and com-
merce yielded to the claim of patriotism, while
skill and enterprise prepared a hitherto dependent
people to pass through the Revolution, achieving
first political, and later, pecuniary independence
of their oppressors.
It is a pleasing incident and relief in this time
of party strife and national peril to find an honor-
able gentleman on this floor [Mr. Stebbins] from
the great city of the continent, not a formal sup-
porter of the Administration, forgetting the local
claims of commerce and party ties to reclothe
the policy of the philosopher of the Revolution,
and prove the necessity of encouraging home in-
dustry and independence of rival nations. I re-
gret that ill health will deprive us of listening to
his voice on this, one of the great measures of
Congress, and I quote his language in a speech
made on the internal revenue bill. Anticipating a
high tariff, he said:
" A bill which shall strike down that part (if our foreign
commcice which fills the land with the extravagant luxu-
ries of the Old World, should speedily fullow this one. It
should also establish a tariff of duties so high on other ar-
ticles that every part of our manufacturing industry will
spring into active and vigorous life. We Americans should
live within ourselves during the continuance of this war."
Referring to the sympathy of Prance and Eng-
land for the rebels, he continues:
"Wc have nothing to ask from these two nations. Their
policy has aheady destroyed or rendered useless the great-
est commercial marine in tile world. All the injuries they
could inflict have been inflicted. Let us, then, labor here-
after only for the certain reestahlislnnent of the American
Union upon a basis as broad and as long as this continent,
so that we may ' establish ju&tice, insuie domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the commor^ defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity.' Make your legislation conform to this
idea, and see whata splendid spectacle the Ameiicanpeo-
ple will present to the woild. Prohibit the exportation of
every dollar of gold and silver, of every bushel of gram, of
every pound ol beef and pot 1c, or adopt the policy of a pro-
hibitory tariff, and thus announce to mankind in everj'part
of the globe that Ameiica will perpetuate her great prin-
ciples throughout all time ; and that, until the question as
to her power and right to do so is definitely settled, she will
draw the resources for the contest in which she is engaged
from her own broad domain, and from the inexhaustible
treasury of her own prosperous people; that she will hold
110 inteicourse with foreign nations until afterthe war, none
whatever. Sir, such a course would secure a triumphant
BUccess to the American arms, to American industry in its
multifarious branches, and render us forever independent
of the world-"
The organization of the Ladies' National Cov-
enant Associations, founded on the pledge to
forego the purchase of foreign fabrics during the
war, is making practical the idea of this states-
man. I hail this patriotic movement, with its
manifold promise of an arrest in the drain of gold
from the country and an encouragement to those
who would wear what is simple and becoming,
and who would encourage home industry and not
the introduction of foreign fabrics. It is a move-
ment which will enhance the value of our cur-
rency and cheapen food to the Government and
the soldier's family. In history it will be men-
tioned as a noble attestation of the love of wives
anil daughters for our holy cause.
The devotees of fashion may decry patriotic
women who refuse to fill the coffers of our for-
eign enemies. Those of do'ubtful loyalty may
rest in indifference to the soldier's sufferings and
his sister's sacrifice, who gladly shares with them,
saving from the wardrobe to make richer contri-
butions to the hospital supplies; but so true as
the national exchequer is in greater danger than
our Army, the ladies of the "Covenant" will not
be forgotten; they will live in history, and have
a remembrance for doing "what they could"
with pure and patriotic motives.
If I might speak in the ear of fashion and to
those reckless m expenditure as I do to those who
can mold public opinion, I would cite as a:n ex-
ample for us an historic incident. In the time
when Europe was shaken with the tread of armies,
and Prussia had drawn the sword and thrown
away the scabbard, the king instituted the Order
of the Iron Cross to reward his subjects for sacri-
fices which they were called upon to make in he-
half of their country. These symbols were held
as at once the evidence of past wealth and succeed-
ing patriotism, and even the emperor appeared in
public decorated with the new order.
Then art, genius, and industry were turned into
a new channel. The women universally sent
their precious ornaments to the public treasury
and received in return a beautiful ornament in
bronze with this simple inscription: "'I gavegold
for iron, 1813." This is th6 origin of the iron
cross so highly prized in every country of Europe.
Chivalry cannot boast of a nobler fountain of
honor, nor fashion of a more touching memorial
of virtue, and it is this patriotism which is being
imitated by our loyal women in 1864, whose cov-
enant badge will for centuries be a record of our
national grief and peril, and represent the virtues
of those who wore them.
Passingfrom this,Mr. Chairman, there are rea-
sons why the grain States should not look on the
policy of high duties with disfavor. You can feed
the world, is the address often made to our local
pride. This has stimulated production, and we
have defied nature to furnish the proof that a dis-
tant country should be the workshop and. the
new States the Egyptian granary. The drain on
the natural properties of the soil which pro-
duce wheat has often been stated as the gift of
millions of pounds for a hundred; and nature has
cried out against an infraction of her laws by
decreasing the crop and compelling the grain-
producer to seek the virgin soil for his home or
diversify his labors.
Manypresson and on,slowto learn the lesson
that the discriminations of trade are all against
him who is distant from market and relies on the
sale of heavy products to gain a competence. He
mustconfront these figures. Taking Nejv York
or Boston for the market, and the average price
of our staples for the past ten years, his corn for
exportation is worth nothing fifty miles from a
railroad, his wheat valueless at one hundred
miles, pork at four hundred, beef at five hundred,
wool at four thousand miles.
Railroad markets will furnish the same com-
parative values, which necessitate this conclusion,
that the closer the proximity of the exchangers,
the grower and the fabricator, producer and con-
sumer, the greater the advantage to the former.
Hence the ready assent to this proposition: if we
cannot have the factory and the forge near, let us
cherish them at home on our soil and not abroad.
Wars and blockades have done for other coun-
tries what this war may do for us, but we can-
not hope that until the fruits of diversified labor
are seen that the real vassalage of the distant
agriculturist will be apparent.
Two fifths of the market value of the farmer's
grain is now expended by him in effecting a for-
eign exchange with the manufacturer of woolen,
cotton, leather, and hardware, while the fabri-
cator may reach our market with his light concen-
trated articles, by a transportation tax of two per
cent, of their value. As political economists it
becomes our duty to reduce these home burdens
by one fifth, as we may when the manufacturer
shall be on our own soil, and make a still further
reduction by establishing ourartisans by the near-
est water-power or coal-bed.
Let me give an illustration of the arm's-length
expenses and exchanges by the farmers of the
Northwest.
The keeper of a herd has an exchange with the
bootmaker. For a pair of boots he will pay six
dollars, and the hide of a bullock, which he ex-
changes fifty miles from a railroad, is worth three
dollars. And how is this price determined ? Not
by a tannery process-ia his own village, where he
may find indigenous weeds and can bring from
abroad concentrated tannin, but by first selling
the hide to the country dealer, he to the merchant
at the depot, he to a Chicago dealer, who consigns
to a commission house in New Yorkj who finds
a tanner for a purchaser in Greene county, New
York, who eells to a leather dealer in New  ork,
who finds a customer in a Massachusetts, boot*
makwr, whosellahisstock to a Boston jobber, and
he finds a customer in a Chicago merchant, and hp
wholesales to the town retailer, who supplies the
farmer from whom the bullock 's hide was bought
two years before, after the hide has paid trans-
portation for thrge thousand miles,passed through
eleven hands, including the tanner and bootmak-
er, with a commission to each. The wonder is
that there is no greater disparity in the pricepf
that which he raised and that which was bought.
It ia three dollars, and that money is obtained by
the price of wheat in Lynn, where he fed the boot-
maker, which would be about six bushels; thus
the raiser of a heavy product distant from a cus-
tomer got but half a price for what he sold,and was
taxed three prices, regarding his means of pay-
ment, for what he was compelled to buy. Such
exchanges properly expose our western grairr-
raisers to the ridicule of the Englishman-by the
German tradesmen when they boasted that they
bought from the Englishman the skin of a fox for
a groat and then sold him the tail for a shilling.
The proposition is too plain to require proof
that the future wealth and independence of the
new States is to be found in establishing horns
manufactures which will bring population to the
State, and by a diversified industry enrich rather
than impoverish the soil. Let those who have
no manufactures encourage a home industry,and
a national currency will tend to equalize interest,
and cheap food and fuel will attract the operative,
and all will conspire to the general welfare. If
it be said that this policy will depress commerce,
I answer that it will promote profitable home
trade, and by it our foreign commerce will be in-
creased and become more profitable by dealing
in concentrated values rather than gross products
after a few years of prosperity, as in Prance.
Granted that a portion of the capital now em- '
ployed in foreign commerce should be diverted,
that does not imply its destruction. The money
required to build a ship will build a factory, and
it is as honorable to employ a spinner as a sailor;
while, if the history of nations proves anything, it
does that a people who protect their own industry
will enjoy the most profitable commerce. Our
sea-captains and merchantmen have a world-wide
fame; and the generosity and patriotism of gen-
tlemen who, trusting to the occan winds and waves
and adventurous life, have retired with fortunes, is
well known; but they cannot ask us to creditthe
ship which only carries between a people with
similar soil and climate as the great producer,
nor can the poetry of sails whitening every sea,
and keels vexing every shore, and national pride
which would make us first on the ocean, draw
from distant States the contributions ofthe farmer
in sending abroad heavy products at great cost,
while the fabricator of another country performs
his part in making the exchange with trivial ex-
pense.
The great cities of antiquity which are now no
more seemed to have a temporary use as centers
of rude society and nomadic races and for pro-
tection, but would domestic commerce and suit-
able protection to our industry congregate hun-
dreds of thousands where the masses climb in
despair to garrets or go down to the death-damps
of cellars, struggling like a pitcher of tamed Egyp-
tian vipers each to get the head above the other?
Jefferson, who saw our great cities at less than
half their present size, designated them as the
" eye-sores on the body-politic." To prefer for-
eign to domestic commerce is to decimate thre
countryand contribute to the colossal growth of
the city, aggravating rather than ameliorating th,e
miseries of the race, who are described not in-
aptly in the large cities as being in those larger
prisons to the soul,like cages to birds or pounds
to beasts."
It is in the city supported by commerce that
crimeabounds. Their government costs double
that of the same number of people in the country,
and since all who can flea the city'a tainted air in
