1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
article which has already paid duty has gone into
the market.
Sir, I suppose the distillers in the State of New
York are under contracts for a large amount of
spirits to be delivered in future. They are under
contract at a specific pricc. They have bought
their material, their ebrn or other grain, at market
prices at the time of purchase, and they are under
bonds to deliver on the 1st day of May, or June,
or July, a specific amount of liquor or spirits.
And now, sir, the Government comes in in the
night-time without notice to them, and imposes
an additional tax of forty cents a gallon upon that
which they are bound to deliver without reference
to that duty! Is there any justice in that?
Sir, if this principle were applied to other
branches of manufacture, how would it operate?
This people have the soveteign right in their legis-
lation to impose a specific tax on cloth or upon
any other article produced, and yet will you say
that it would be wise, after a man had gone into
that manufacture, after he had bought his mate-
rials in the market atthe market price, paying the
duty then existing to this Government, that this
Government should come in and lay another duty
which may entirely unsettle the market? There
is no safety in such a kind of legislation.
This, sir, is a measure for revenue, and although
some gentlemen in this House, I know, would
like to act upon it as a prohibitory measure, they
should remember that this bill is not for prohibi-
tion hut for revenue, and revenue alone. I have
heard members upon this floor, not publicly but
privately, say that they want to kill the manu-
facture of spirits, and they, perhaps, will unite
with the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] in this kind of legislation; but 1
tell them that we cannot in this way legislate a
man into molality anv more than we can legislate
him into heaven. This is not a moral question.
It is a question of revenue, and we want to lay
this tax in such a way as not to destioy the pro-
ducing interests from which the revenue must
come.
Gentlemen appeal to precedents abroad. Sir,
there are precedents in England, to which the gen-
tleman has alluded, which establish a different
principle; and even the one to which he referred
only shows that where a duty was proposed to
be laid by the Biitish Government, they protected
the manufacturer who was under contract for the
future delivery of his goods, and placed him in
the same position in which I think this law should
Elace every manufacturer who is bound to deliver
is manfactured article m future. That is the ex-
tent of the precedent tc^vhich the gentleman re-
ferred.
Sir, i do not admire all the English precedents;
but there are some that I do admtie. In England
they have a precedent for putting down rebellion
and a precedent for hanging traitors and rebels.
There are some gentlemen in this House and in
this country who are opposed to both.
I desire, sir, in presenting my views to this
House to appeal to their deliberate and calm jndg-
^ ments. I ask gentlemen if they are willing to es-
tablish a precedent which will be dangerous and
inconvenient and unwise for the future, it is one
that may be applied m piinciple to every produ-
cingmterest in the land, and we may haveappeais
here to extend tin; principle which we now estab-
lish to those other inteiests.
The district which I represent is a large pro-
ducer of spirits. Other distucts in the Statu are
large consumers. I will not say any thing about
my own in that respect; but those who produce
wish the protection of the Government, so that
they may not be injured by unwise and hasty
legislation. If, sir, we go on and establish a pre-
cedent of this kind, following it up, as we shall
have a right to do, in regard to other subjects of
production, I say that we shall be puisumg a
course of legislation which will be disastrous ft)
all the productive interests of the country. We
should hesitate before we do it. I am glad that
for some reason or of her, 1 care not what, the Sen-
ate has had sulficiout spirit and conservatism to
strike out this odious and offensive measure in
the House bill, i trust we shall concur in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, X have no
greater interest in this bill than any other mem-
ber of the House. My only desire is that we shall
pass a bill which will be for the permanent benefit
of the Treasury. I enn hardly pretend to equal
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] in his solicitude to organize a revenue
measure that shall come up to the emergencies of
the Government. But it is somewhat remarkable
that that gentleman, feeling this solicitude, and
having a pride in the action of the House in re-
gard to this bill, should have been found voting
in the negative when the bill was on its final pas-
sage in the House.
Now, sir, in regard to the statement that there
are some gentlemen in the city of New York who
may have large quantities of spirits on hand, 1 do
not doubt that there are many men in New York
who deserve to be fined, as this bill will fine them
if it should pass in the form as first presented to
the House by the gentleman fiom New York;
but 1 am not iu favor of even fining these gentle-
men without a fair tiial and conviction in acoutt
of law. As i think, it would be nothing but a
fine imposed upon them as a punishment for hav-
ing spirits on hand. I am forced to look at the
question as a revenue measure, and not a measure
of prohibition. I would be as willing as anv gen-
tleman of the House to put money m the Treas-
ury, but I conceive it to be of the gravest import-
ance to do it fairly. As 1 have said on a former
occasion, it is utterly and absolutely impractica-
ble to enforce the universal execution of such a
law. How are you to begin? And wh<*re are
you to stop? There is no limit to if. You are
to assess this increased tax on all spirits on hand,
whether a man has one hundred thousand gallons,
one gallon, or a pint. You impose a duty on as-
sessors that they cannot perfoim. You compel
them to hunt through bouses, stores, shops, cel-
lars for every drop of spit its that may be on hand;
and 1 say that that will be found utterly imprac-
ticable. Under any system of taxation men who
are taxed will generally be perfectly satisfied pro-
vided that all are taxed alike. We know before-
hand, as well as we can know anything future,
that at least hnlf the amount on hand would most
likely escape taxation. Men would think they
had been unhandsomely treated, and they would
resort to evasions. Under such a law as this
then; can be nothing but heart-burnings and op-
position throughout the country. I do not wish
to excite any clamor about taxation. I desire
that our legislation shall be such as will leave the
people content to pay the taxes imposed ,and con-
tent with the general principle* upon which they
aie based. We are compelled at this time to levy
very heavy burdens on the people; and I would
give no cause of complaint in any quarter.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE,of Illinois. Speukingof
heart-burnings, 1 would ask my friend from Ver-
mont if it would not be the very occasion of heart-
burnings and complaints among the people to have
to pay their taxes into th" hands of speculators
instead of for the use of the Government?
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois I will say that my bowels of sym-
pathy do not yearn partieulai iy for the consumers
of whihky. 1 am willing that they shall be raxed
as much as can be properly got out of them. But
the consumer will not pay anythirigmore than he
pays now. The retail price, by the glass, is now
as high as it can be got.
Mr. GR INN ELL. How does the gentleman
know thai?
Mr. WASliBURNE, of Illinois. Whntdues
the gentleman pay for his whis-ky straight?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentlemen are putting
questions to me upon a matterabout which 1 have
no personal knowledge, except as I am infoimed
by gentlemen near me, and by gentlemen who
have appeared before the Committee of Ways
and Means. I understand that the price per glass
to the gentlemen cannot be increased over its pres-
ent rate.
Theie aie provisions in the bill which I would
wish were somewhat otherwise. For instance,
I would be in favor of ha\ ing the tax go into op-
eration earlier than the date of the passage of the
bill. Bat, as a whole, I deem it more wise for us
to accept the bill m its present form, m order that
it may become a law as speedily as possible.
There are provisions m the Senate amendments
which I think are better than those of the House
bill, for this reason, that the Senate amendments,
taxing whisky sixty cents a gallon fiom now till
the 1st of July, and uftcrthc l^t of July increas-
ing it to seventy cents a gallon, and then to eighty
cents on the 1st of January, will enable the dis-
tiller to go on and keep his distillery in operation,
which he could not do if it were not for the pros-
pective increase of the tax.
Let me say one word in regard to the injustice
of this to the holders of spirits. It is known to
most who have investigated the subject that for
a'considerable time past the price of spirits has
been so high as that it is utterly impossible that
any can be exported. There is to be no draw-
back hereafter, and only those spirits could be
exported that have been placed in warehouse for
that purpose. Therefore these parties who have
it on hand at any price must pay the tax. It
must be consumed in this country, and they must
keep it until it can be consumed or at once set
their houses in order for bankruptcy. Underthe
circumstances it would be a positive loss to the
Government, and result, I believe, in general dis-
aster and ruin to many of the most worthy mer-
chants throughout the land. I should look for
more bankruptcies in the large citics of the coun-
try than have occurred at any period within the
last five years if this bill should become a law as
it passed the House.
There are other provisions besides those, of a
kindred nature, which led me to vote against the
bill when it passed the House. One is the pro-
vision for retaining all foreign liquors which have
been imported, levying an additional duty of forty
cents a gallon—a proceeding entirely new to this
or any other country. Having once accorded
privileges to the importer, we go back and extort
a newpiice. Where is our mercantile honor?
There is no provision in relation to domestic or
foreign liquors where a contract has been made
to save parties from ruin.
Theie is another portion of this bill of akin-
died character, namely, the tax on cotton a second,
time. Now the Government itself has sold large
quantities of cotton and received pay for it. Shall
the Government go back and tax that same' cotton
a cent or a cent and a half a pound ? I conceive
that no ranker injustice can be committed. The
Government becomes a dangerous party to have
any business transactions with.
But, Mr. Speaker, in addition: the bill we have
received from the Senate will put into the Treasury
a larger sum the first year of its opeiation and ever
after than that passed by the House; and I trust
that the House will fee! a just pride, if they have
once followed the lead of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,] by now backing
out
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose at this time to restate the arguments which
I submitted to the House m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union in favor of the
general principle that has pioved acceptable to the
House. The gentleman fiom New York in open-
ing on that side has so fully repeated those facts
and aiguments that it is unnecessary forme to go
over them. What I desire at this time is to say,
first, that again 1 have the misfortune to dissent
from the action of the majority of the Committee
of Ways and Means. 1 have been unable up to
this time to discover the proper ground for the
charge of injustice against those who assert the
propi iety of taxing the stock on hand.
I desue also to say, sir, that I agree to several
of the propositions of the Senate. They have
added soniegood features to the bill ofthe House.
I was not contented with the shape in which it
was put by the gentleman fiom New Yoik, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,] atthe time his proviso was
offered, nor with the subsequent action of the com-
mittee in carrying out the principle; not dissat-
isfied with the principle adopted by the House,
but dissatisfied with the form in which it was pro-
posed to apply it, with the details, Butl was will-
ing to adopt all then for the sake of the principle.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mi. KASSON. With pleasure.
Mr. COX. 1 wish to ask the gentleman from
Iowa what has become ofthe amendment which
1 had the honor to offer to him for the considera-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means? I
proposed in that amendment an accommodation
between the House and the Senate, levying: a tax
of twenty cents upon the stoJc on hand, and a
tax of forty cents upon the manufactured article
m the fuiuie. I think that such a proposition
will be finally agreed upon, or at least something
of that nature. I would like, if consistent with
