664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the gentleman's remarks, to have the amendment
read to the House and a vote taken upon it, in
order that we may know what is the precise posi-
tion of the House at this time. I am not opposed
to putting a tax upon this aiticle of whisky. I
believe that the bill of the Senate taxes it too
largely, some three or four times the value of the
article, I do not believe that any such tax wiii
raise as much revenue as a lighter tax; and there-
fore I think that the amendment which I gave to
the gentleman will meet with the concurrence of
a committee of conference if not of the House.
Mr. KASSON. I wiil read that proposed
amendment, if the gentleman desires, presently,
when I reach in my remarks what relates to that
subject. I first wish to say what, in my opinion,
should be the principle of our legislation upon
this subject. It will be agreed, I think, on all
sides of the House, that our legislation should
bear distinct relation to the condition of facts in
the country touching the subject in reference to
which we propose legislating. What are those
facts? They are, first, that by our former act of
legislation we authorized the production of dis-
tilled spirits upon thepaymentof alicensefee,and
charged with the payment upon every gallon pro-
duced of a tax of twenty cents. Upon those con-
ditions everybody might introduce any amount of
distilled spirits into the market. Further than
that our former legislation did not go. It simply
authorized the production of this property and
putting it forth for sale. Bat will it be contended,
on any sound principle of legislation, that after
you have authorized the production of property
you never have again the right to touch it with a
particle of taxation? Will it be contended that
you have created an exclusive class of capitalists
m this country who may invest their money in a
certain species of property which ahull never be lia-
ble to be taxed except the first time, and that time,
perhaps, before they acquired it > I am opposed
to*any theory which takes from Congress the
right of annual taxation m order to raise revenue.
You tax gold and silver plate every year; and you
also tax every year land which is tilled for the pur-
pose of sustaining human life, as well as for pecu-
niary.profit. And am I to be told that you can- j
not tax oncc a year the investment in the article
of whisky because you have once taxed a man for I
the right of producing it? When the gentleman j
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] therefore says j
Congress is under a pledge to tax whisky on hand
only the original twenty cents, and never to tax i
it again, I deny the pledge. 1 say that Congress j
gave no pledge to the country at that time except j
the simple pledge that the distiller might under |
that law produce all the distilled spirits in his
power upon the condition of paying a license fee,
and twenty cents per gallon when he sent it out
for sale.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Iowa why the hill docs not impose
a taxation equally upon all at tides produced in
the country; or, in other words, why he makes a
distinction between this aiticle and oilier articles
which are pioduced ail through (he land? Why
does he not impose a pioportional tax upon those
Who produce articles for wearing or eating, or lor
any other purpose?
Mr. KASSON. The answer seems to me very
patent to a question of that kind. It is thi*>: that
there are certain articles liable to taxation which
will bear a very high rate of taxation in conse-
quence of the demand which exists fur them, and
as ai tides of luxut y. There are cettain other ai-
tldes for which there is but a slight demand, and
which would be taxed out of existence by a high
rate of taxation. To the former class of articles
—luxuries—most of the discussion now befoie the
Houae relates. This is an article which beaism
England a tax pergallon of £.2 42 to-day,and has
borne that tax for years, with an incieawing pro-
duction and increasing revenue to the English
Government.
Mr. MORRILL. I desho to say to the gen-
tleman that the piinciple which he endeavored to
illustrate by inference to the fact that we tax plate
every year does not apply to this article at all.
We tax can (ages and plate for their use every
year, but not a* a manufacture. We ha\e a very
small tax upon coal. .Now, [ desire to know if
the gentleman .us prepared—knowing as he does
that coal speculators have made almost as much
money us whisky speculators—jo place a higher
and much larger tax upon the coal on hand in this
country?
Mr. KASSON. Whenever the coal bill comes
before the House I will state what principle, in
my judgment, should control our legislation upon
thatsubject. And I will state further, that when-
ever the people demand coal as an article of lux-
ury merely, instead of treating it as an article of
necessity, I will apply the same principle to it
that I propose to apply to this article. For the
present I proceed, and ask what are the further
facts in thecountry to which our legislation should
apply in respect to this subject. We find that un-
der the stimulus of the act of 1862, knowing that
the article would bear a higher rate of tax, and
that the demand for it would be incessant, and
hoping that,as in theformercase, Congress would
exclude from taxation all that had been brought
under taxation prior to the takingeffectoftheact,
these distillers ran largely in excess of the public
demand; they created an immense stock on hand,
which is on hand to-day, and is held, not for the
purposes of ordinary trade, but as a pecuniary
investment to take the benefit of a rise by way of
speculation.
Now I call the attention of the House to the
fact that there are two classes of distilleis. One
class sell what they produce as they produce it,
and have not capital sufficient to retain their pro-
duction on hand until they choose to put it in
market. There is another class of distillers who
produce large amounts upon a very large capital
and who retain under their control nearly every
barrel of their late production. These two in-
terests conflict. I have seen a letter from a dis-
tiller in Illinois, which is in the possession of one
of our associates in this House, in which the
distiller says that if the House policy be adopted
it will cost him $,30,000 to pay the tax, and yet
the tax ought to be imposed. And why? He
goes on to say that the distilling interests with
which he is connected are such that they cannot
afford to have their distilleries stopped, but that
other distillers h&vc such immense stocks on
hand that they have saved up to take the benefit
of the rise that they could afford to have their
distilleries destroyed. The purport of it was that
they might bum them and yet retire with vast
fortunes m their possession realized from the ad-
vance upon their accumulated stock.
Now, do not let us forget that we arc legislating
for these different interests, andalso for thatothcr
interest, which is pure speculation, where a man
has bought of the distiller at a low price, and is
holding on for a high price. And I will admit
further that some of the stock now on hand is
held by men who have bought it at an advanced
piice, and would consequently, unless the prices
should go still higher, lose by the operation.
Now, sir, having reviewed, as I think, suffi-
ciently the condition of the whisky question as to
facts and the interests to be affected by legislation,
I ask gentlemen to inquire what legislation we
should apply to the subject. I say, first, that we
ought not to exclude this vast stock on hand, to
which our legislation actually adds the price of
fiom forty to sixty cents per gallon, from its fair
shaie in the burdens of the Government, when
we «^ive it such benefits.
Dut I am asked, will you do a hardship to that
class who haveboughtat high prices? I answer
in reply to that that they have simply put then-
property there, taking the chances of legislation,
and otheis will merely be more fortunate than
they are. as is the case in all pecuniary races in
human I fie.
In legislation we cannot legislate for each indi-
vidual case. It is impossible to do that. Youdo
not do it with respect to other taxes which you
impose. You simply apply a just principle of
legislation and let the consequences fall then as the
ram falls, alike upon the farmer who has his har-
vest in ins barns and the farmer whose harvest
lies ungathered m his fields.
Mr. JSMITll. I would like to ask the gentle-
man fron Iowa to explain to me the difference
between speculators in whisky and speculators
in cotton or in any other article they choose to
speculate in? The whole tenor of the argument
to-day seems to be against speculation. Ifaman
engages in a speculation m cotton and invests
$1,000,000 in cotton', why do you not tax him
in the same proportion that you tax the man who
speculates and invests $1,000,000 in liquors? I
do not propose to discuss this as a moral ques-
tion, but merely as a revenue question; and in
that view X make the inquiry.
Mr. KASSON. I answer the gentleman that
I will follow where the principles of justice lead
me touching any article in which investments of
money are made. And I say further, that if any
citizen of the country seeks to avoid hisfairshare
of the responsibility of all citizensto contribute
to the support of the Government in the annual
payment of taxes, by investing all his property
in a particular article, so as to have the benefit of
an anticipated rise to be created by the necessary
increase of taxation, I would follow that invest-
ment annually to the extent of the power of Con-
gress in the premises—just as much in regard to
cotton as in regard to whisky, though not in
amount, yet in principle. If the tax. on cotton
be increased from a half cent to two cents a pound,
and if it be found that, in advance of the ordinary
operations of commerce,and with reasonable no-
tice, it is held for sale as an article of speculation
and for the purpose of taking it out of the range of
taxation, I would follow it and make it pay the
tax wherever 1 could find it. Shall we allow in-
vestments in any particular article, and say that
if a man puts his money in that he must never
be reached by taxation? On the contrary, I say
that we must give no such temptation to invest
in any particular class of property to avoid taxa-
tion.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have spoken at greater
length than I intended on the general principles
of the bill. I wish to return to the bill and to say
that I like those Senate amendments which pro-
pose a sliding scale for an increase of taxation;
and I am willing to adopt that principle. What
would be the effect of it? If you put twenty cents
a gallon on the stock on hand, as suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio, or thirty cents or forty
cents, as proposed originally by the House, and
then if you have a sliding scale, it ceases to be a
question of ultimate loss to the holder of the whis-
ky, and only a question as to the possible loss of
interest on the capital that he has invested in it.
For instance, a man has one hundred thousand
barrels of whisky; you tax him twenty cents a
gallon on it, and he has paid ninety cents a gal-
lon for it. That makes the price to him $1 10.
If you impose a sliding scale, and he is able to
hold on to it until your taxes raise the price of all
whisky to 10, he can then sell without loss;
and it becomes merely a question of interest, and
of holding it for a few months longer. In that
point of view I have called the attention of some
members of the House to the propriety of our
changing partially the^liding scale adopted by
the Senate; that we retain itas they piovide ltup
to the 1st of July, and then, either on the 1st of
October or the 1st of January, raise it if necessary
to one dollar a gallon in lieu of eighty cents, so
that the public and the distillers may know in ad-
vance what tax we are likely to assess on spirits
next year.
I differ entirely with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] as to the proposed tax being excessive.
1 doubt if he can point to any country in the world
which has anything like a laige internal revenue,
wheie whisky is taxed as low as we tax it or even
as low as one dollar a gallon. But this pioposi-
tion of a sliding scale will save every capitalist
who has money invested m whisky if he will con-
tinue to hold it for a few months longer. The
stock on hand, as represented by the^ gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] is two hun-
dred thousand banels. Be it more or less, if makes
a stock of four or eight months' consumption on
hand before dealers are compelled to buy the new
stock from distillers. As soon as that stock is
exhausted the cost of the aiticle comes up to the
figure which the holder of accumulated stock re-
quires to save him from loss. That will be the
effect of a well-adjusted amendment of this sort.
For that, reason I am in favor of the sliding scale,
alike for the benefit of distillers and for the ben-
efit of holders of accumulated stock. I am also
persistently in favor of a reasonable tax, of twenty
or thirty cents, on the stock in hand, to enable
distillers to go on against the otherwise intolera-
ble competition that they would experience from
the holders of the stock on hand. It is not merely
that the distillers have got on hand stocks of grain
to distill, they have also large amounts of money
i invested in the cattle that they feed, in the hogs
