82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Republican Governments in Certain States—Mr. Davis.
Ilo. of Reps.
1839, the State authorized the joint companies to
transfer another $100,000 of their joint stools to
the State, on the terms of the act of 1831.
Now, here in these acts we trace the gradual sur-
render of the dignity and independence of the
State.
The first act of 1831 gave to the Camden and
Amboy railroad protection against competition
only during the pleasure of the State. The State
reserved.the right of.creating a rival line, but in
that event the stock given to the State was to be
retransferred to the company.
The act of 1832 did contain a provision that it
should not be lawful, during the continuance of
the charter,to construct any other railroadsm the
State which should be used, or intended to be
used, for the transportation of passengers and
merchandise between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia.
It is under this provision that the monopoly
exists and asserts its right to control and regulate
the commerce of a dozen States. Now, sir, for
this exclusive power granted, the State has re-
ceived in the taxes levied upon the through com-
merce of other States, inclusive of dividend upon
its stock, the vast aggregate of $2,615,260 50 up
to tiie year 1862, the amount increasing from year
to year, and amounting in 1862 to $188,464 57.
The entire civil list of the State and a large sum be-
yond is paid by these taxes upon the commerce of
her neighbors. Thus this monopoly has realized
an immense income from its exclusive privileges.
Thus I maintain that there exists within the
State of New Jersey, under the local law of that
State,an interference with and a restriction upon
the commerce of the country unauthorized by the
Federal Constitution,and which the Federal Gov-
ernment has the constitutional pnwer to remove.
The honorable gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] states that the improvements mude
by the joint companies have cost $13,000,000, and
that they now owe $8,000,000 upon the bonds
outstanding oil account of such improvements.
Does he suppose that there is no one here who
understands the history of this corporation and
dares to speak of what he knows? Let me tell
.you that these bonds have not been issued for
construction, but to a great extent have been di-
vided among the stockholders of the company,
leaving a nominal corporate debtoutstandingasa
shield against public scrutiny into its income.
The State of New Jersey holds, according to the
last report of the company, $81,000 of these bonds
as dividends upon the two thousand shares, or
$200,000 stock of the corporations, amounting to
more than forty per cent., and the same dividend
was made upon the residue of the $3,000,000 of
their joint capital.
This monopoly is not confined in its power to
the State of New Jersey. Passing beyond the
limits of the State to which it owes its being, it
plants its foot upon the soil of Pennsylvania and
becomes the purchaser of the Trenton and Phila-
delphia railroad, at a cost of about $1,000,000,
and pays for it in its bonds, which are now pre-
sented as a part of the indebtedness for the ori-
ginal cost of the New Jersey roads. Besides this,
it appears by its own reports that it has bought
a controlling interest in oilier roads in New Jer-
sey to the construction of which its assent has
been given, as feeders toils own line for local
business. It is adangerous monopoly even when
restricted within the limits of legitimate power;
but when it shall confine itself to its appropriate
functions, and fairly consult the interests of the
public and the country, I will refuse to fay the
weight of a finger upon it, but will faithfully lend
whatever influence 1 possess to its full and per-
fect protection.
But I cannot as a member of this House, or as
a citisen of this country, support any monopoly
which in contravention of the power of Congress
stands in the pathway of commerce between the
East and the West, excluding half the States of
the Union from their rightful participation in free
and unrestricted and equal intercourse.
1 do not know what tiie fate of this bill may be,
I do not know what parties are interested in its
passage, as the owners or creditors of the line
sought to be piotected. So far as I know, there
is no man counecttd with it in any wise to whom
X am under the slightest obligation. I have no I
interest in it, directly or indirectly, present or
prospective, of any nature or kind whatever, and
what I say here I speak from the control of prin-
ciple and ihe conviction of duty.
The views 1 have expressed in respect to the
dangers of monopoly are fully shared in, as I
find, by the present or former officers of the Cam-
den and Amboy railroad.
In 1846 an addicss was published by the direct-
ors of the company to the people of New Jersey.
It appears from the paper winch I hold in my
hand that a proposition had been under discus-
sion for the surienderof the exclusive privileges
enjoyed, and the directors speak of what they re-
gard as the wisdom of the State in refusing to per-
mit the construction of rival and competing lines
which might become weak and powerless through
competition. In such case, says the address,
"one company, more powerful than the rest, indi-
rectly would become the owner of them all, and
thus establish a gigantic, irresponsible, and hydra-
headed monopoly; neither the interest of the
State nor public convenience and safety would be
subserved by such a system." We have,'sir,
now and here, the very monopoly whose gigantic
power and hydra heads were regarded with so
much apprehension. This monopoly exists in
full power in the State of New Jeisey; and the
simple question before us is whether we have, and
if we have whether we will exercise, the power
of interference.
Sir, were 1 a citizen of New Jersey I should
oppose the monopoly on another ground. It pre-
vents the development of the physical resources
of the State. Let me say to the Representatives
of New Jersey that their Slate is a lamentable
instance of the proof of ibis proposition. By
glancing at the census of 1850 and 18601 find that
the three counties lying neaiest to the city of New
York—Union, Essex, and Hudson—m that de-
cade increased their population 88,541, while the
entire increase of the remaining eighteen coun-
ties was only 93,935, and that inciease was almost
entirely in those few counties which had been
penetrated by those local lines of railway which
either theinterest or the magnanimity of thegreat
monopoly permitted to exist. Thus we see that
til ice single counties, open to improvement and
accessible to intercourse, in a single decade keep
even pace with all the residue of the Slate. Has
New Jersey considered the immense enhancement
in the value of lands accessible to railways, and
tlinsopen to the markets of the metropolis?
In my judgment there is no sound principle on
which this monopoly should be endured, either
understate or congressional legislation. It is en-
tirely opposed to the theory tiiat monopolies are
grants upon condition, 'l'he privilege granted
was by implication, if not in terms, that the cor-
poration should fui nish all the facilities which an
ever-increasing commerce demands. To build a
road alone could not bo held the evidence of a
right to exclude commerce if the road might not
be operated. It must be operated and equipped
with all the instruments and means to subserve
the purposes of its creation, and if it fail in the
fulfillment of its duties its exclusive right is for-
feited to public policy and public interest. It be-
comes a public necessity, and no Government can
divest itself either of the power or the duty of
providing for the vital requirements of the people.
Whenever sueh an emcigeuey auses the monop-
oly should cease.
REPUBLICAN GOVERNMENTS IN CERTAIN
STATES.
SPEECH OF HON. 11. WINTER DAVIS,
OF MAIlVr.AND,
In the House of Representatives,
March 22, 1864.
On the bill (II. E. No. 244) guiuantying to ccitrun States
wliose governments have been lumped or ovetilnown a
lepublican form ot government.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Speaker, the bill which I am directed by
the committee on the rebellious Stales to report
is otic which provides for the restoration of civil ;
government m States whose governments have I
been overthrown. It presenbes such conditions :
as will secuie not merely civil government to the !
peopleof the rebellious States, but will also secure
to the people of the United States permanent peace
after the suppression of the rebellion. The bill
challenges the support of all who consider sla-
very the cause of the rebellion, and that ill it the
embeisof lebellion will always smolder; of those
who think that fieedom and permanent peace are
inseparable, and who are determined, so far as
their constitutional authority will allow them, to
secure these fruits by adequate legislation. The
vote of gentlemen upon this measure will be re-
garded by the country with no ordinaly interest.
Their vote will bo taken to express their opinion
on the necessity of ending slavery with the rebel-
lion, and their willingness to assun\e the respons-
ibility of adopting the legislative measures with-
out which that result cannot be assured, and may
wholly fail of accomplishment. Their vote will
be held to show whether they think the measure
now proposed, or auy which may be moved as a
substitute, is an adequate and proper measure to
accomplish that purpose. It is entitled to the sup-
port of all gentlemen upon this side of the House,
whatever their views may be of the nature of the
rebellion, and the relation in which it has placed
the people and States in rebellion toward the
United States; not less of those who think that
the rebellion has placed the citizens of the rebel
States beyond the protection of the Constitution,
and that Congress, therefoie, has supreme power
over them as conquered enemies, than of that other
class who think that they have not ceased to be
citizens and States of the United States, though
incapable of exercising political privileges under
the Constitution, but that Congress is charged
with a high political power by the Constitution
to guaranty republicangovernments in the States,
and that this is the proper time and the proper
mode of exercising it. It is also entitled to the
favorable consideration of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House who honestly and'de-
liberately express their judgment that slavery is
dead. To them it puts the question whether it
is not advisable to bury it out of sight that its
ghost may no longer stalk abroad to frighten us
from our propriety. It does not address itself to
that class of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, if there be any, nor to that class of the
people of the country who look for political alli-
ance to the men who head the rebellion in thts
South, and say to them, lot us
11 Once more
Erect the standard there of ancient night;
Youia be tiie advantageai!, mine the levunge."
It purports, sir, not to exercise a revolutionary
authority, but to be an execution of the Consti-
tution oi'the United States, of the fourth section
of the fourth article of that Constitution, which not
merely confers the power upon Congress, but im-
poses upon Congress the duty of guarantying to
every State in this Union a .republican form of
government. That clause vests in the Congress
of the United States a plenary, supreme, unlim-
ited political jurisdiction, paramount over courts,
subject only to the judgment of the people of the
United States, embracing within its scope every
legislative measure necessary and proper to mako
it effectual; and what is necessary and proper the
Constitution refers in the first place to our judg-
ment, subject to no revision but that of the peo-
ple. It recognizes no other tribunal. It recog-
nizes the judgment of no court. It refers to no
authority except the judgment and will of the
majority of Congress, and of the people on that
judgment, if any appeal from it. Itisone of that
class of plenary powers of a political character
conferred on Congress by the Constitution, such
as the authority to admit new States into the
Union, the authority to make rules and regula-
tions for the government of the Teiritories of the
United States. With refeience to that class of
cases, the Supreme Court, renquncingall right to
judge on political questions, has said that these
sections vested in the Congress of the United
States plenary power over the subject-mattcrs
mentioned, subject only to the limitations con-
tained m those sections. In the section to which
I refer there is. and almost from the very nature of
the case there can be, no limitation, [t is intended
to meet all the emergencies of the national life.
It is intended to apply to events which human
imagination could scarcely have pictuied. And
