1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that they feed, in the fuel that they use in carry-
ing on their operations.
Since I have last spoken on this subject in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I have had representations from distillers for the
first time sustaining these arguments, and show-
ing as clearly to my mind as anything ever h'as
been demonstrated to me that the taxation of the
whisky on hand is for their business practically
a necessity. They cannot turn their cattle off
now, nor can they turn away the hogs they are
feeding. They cannot afford to shut up their dis-
tilleries, for t.hey tell me that to shut up the dis-
tilleries for six months is almost equivalent to
their destruction; that they must have some pro-
tection, if this increased rate upon the article to
be manufactured is determined upon, to enable
them to run. One of them tells me that he thinks
twenty cents per gallon on the stock on hand will
enable the smaller distilleries, of which I spoke
in the beginning of my remarks, to continue to
run, if the House is not disposed to make a higher
rate.
For these reasons I do not ask that the House
shall now go into acaieful examination of the bill
in all its details; but I ask that they shall take such
order upon the most important feature of the bill
as shall indicate their determination in regard to
taxing stocks on hand. If the vote is to non-con-
cur, I hope the whole bill may go to a committee
of conference; and I state from information which
is before me, and which comes to me as it comes
to other members of the House, that the Senate
will be disposed to support in part the proposition
of the House, as the House will be disposed to
support in part the position of the Senate
For these reasons, I repeat my hope that when
the question is put it will be put in such form as
shall test the opinion of the House upon concur-
ring or non-concuiring in the leading proposition
of the bill, which is, as every gentleman knows,
thatrelating to the imposition of an additional tax
upon the stock of whisky on hand. If it were
proper I would move to amend the motion of my
colleague on the Committee of Ways and Means
so as to non-concur in the amendments of the
Senate,and ask fora committee of conference, for
the purpose, as I have suggested, of revising the
whole bill and making all its measures harmonize
each with the other; it being understood that a
vote to non-concur is a vote to adhere to the ac-
tion of the House in imposing an additional tax
upon the stock on hand. If the vote is to con-
cur, the result will speak for itself.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not intend to discuss
the provisions of this bill; the State from which
I come has for the present but very little interest
in it, and I am willing to let those who are inter-
ested in it decide to a great extent the features of
the bill. 1 rise, however, to say that i am op-
posed to an increased tax upon the whisky on
hand in the United States; but, sir, there are other
provisions in the bill as it comes from the Senate
which I desire to see modified, and rather than
lose the opportunity of obtaining some modifica-
tion I shall feel constrained to support the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Iowa, and vote to
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I understand
that I introduced a motion which is now before
the House to non-concur and ask a committee
of conference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the first question will be upon the amendments
of the Senate; that motion takes precedence of a
motion to non-concur.
JUr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
motion I have made.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not yielded the floor.
The gentleman fioni Illinois is .speaking without
authority. I call him to order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt the gentleman from Kentucky would yield
to me if I asked him.
Mr. MALLORY. If you ask mc, I will yield
to you.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My fiiend
is always so polite I know he would grant any-
thing.
Mr. MALLORY. I yHd the floor to the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have al-
ready said all I intended to. 1 did not intend to
interrupt the gentleman, and beg his pardon.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. So that if it is in order I
would move that the House concur in certain
amendments with modifications, and non-concur
in others.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is familiar with the rules, and knows that
a vote can be taken upon concurring in the Sen-
ate amendments as a whole only by unanimous
consent. The gentleman has the right to have a
vote upon concurring in any separate amendment
of the Senate, and when the -House has reached
the amendment to which he refers, it will be in
order if the previous question shall not have been
called to move to concur with an amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not expect to be able
to make the motion in order, and I have therefore
taken this opportunity to say that I am in favor
of modifying the bill of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be in order
if the previous question shall not have been called
when the House reaches the amendment the gen-
tleman desires to amend.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire, if I can do so, to
so amend the amendment imposing an increased
tax upon whisky as that there shall be no in-
creased tax upon whisky to be manufactured from
and after the passage of this bill until the 1st of
January next, and that then the tax shall be sev-
enty cents per gallon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
first amendment of the Senate is now the only one
before the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not ask the permission
of the House. I presume that the House will
not give it; and I am not in the habit of asking
unanimous consent for anything. 1 would be
glad to see the provision adopted. I would like
to give the large distillers time to sell their swill.
I would like to give them time to dispose of the
large material which they laid m under the pro-
visions of the law. I do not think that they could
do it m a shorter time. I do not believe any such
amendment as this will be passed, and I do not
believe when the opportunity occurs that I shall
move it.
Mr. Speaker, I have no great interest in this
matter as a Representative from Kentucky, be-
cause under the orders of the military authority
we are prohibited m that State fiom making
whisky. I do not know how soon it will be be-
fore we will be prohibited from drinking it.
[Laughter.]
1 wish to state before taking my seat, that in
the Journal I am recorded in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Woon] when he originally offered it.
I wish to state that I voted against that amend-
ment, and thatwhenit was carried I votedagainst
the bill because that amendment was in it. That
was my position. In the Globe I was made to
favor the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, whrn I voted against it, and I ask that the
record shall be corrected.
A Member. It is m the Journal in the same
way.
Mr. MALLORY. If that be so, I hope that I
will be permitted to make a motion correetingthe
Journal in that respect, i was not here the next
day on the reading of the Journal, and I did not
pay attention when the yeas and nays were called
over.
\\ The SPEAKER. The gentleman is recorded
■j as voting for the amendment of the gentleman
i fioni New Yoi k.
j Mr. MALLORY. I voted against thatamend-
; meiit, and I ask that the Journal be corrected,
i There was no objection, and the Journal was
! corrected accordingly.
i| Mr. VOUCHEES. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
'[ briefly to give to the House some views which
1 have occurred to my mind in connection with this
■j important question. Having looked somewhat
■ i into the principle adopted by the former action of
! the House on this subject, I conceive it to he one
; of the most pernicious principles of legislation
! that has ever been thi ust upon the country. Aside
i from the question of what this article is that is
j sought to be taxed, I desire to be heard fora few
moments on the principle embraced in this motion,
i For whatever principle may beapplied to the arti-
cle of whisky may be applied as well to thearti-
] cle of manufactured cotton, or woolen, or any
other commodity of trade. If that is the-issue,
if this Congress is ready to do that, to make th$
man who has manufactured spirituous liquors un-
der the promise that he shall pay a tax of tweoty
cents, pay forty cents in addition thereto, then-let
it be so. We have the same right, and, I trqst*
some day the power, to increase the tax upon
manufactured cotton and woolen goods*after pay-
ing three per cent, for the privilege of manufac-
turing. Who would for one moment conceive
that under the present revenue system, which
taxes eastern manufactures three per cent., we
have the right, after they have produced the goods
and thrust them upon the market, to tax them
ten per cent, more?
Sir, I will call the attention of the House to the
fact that never in the history of this country, or
any other enlightened and civilized country, was
such a principle of revenue declared.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman whether it has not been the prac-
tice to tax articles grown or produced in the raw
state, and subsequently, and after it has entered
into articles of manufacture, to tax it again ? Has
not that been the fact under the practice of this
Government?
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir; no such principle
has ever been asserted; and if such a thing has
ever been done at all it has been only as an inci-
dent to taxation. 1 here assert-that neither Eng-
land nor America has ever laid down the principle
of inducing the manufacture of an article by a
certain amount of license to be paid, and after the
manufactured article was produced of laying an
additional tax on it for the piivilege of selling.
It is an unjust, an unfair, and a fraudulent prac-
tice upon a man "who has been induced to invest
his means, to hire the services of laborers, to give
his energy, money, and time to the productioo of
this article and then retax it, as we propose to
here.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. One more ques-
tion.
Mr. VOORI-3EES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I wish to know
whether the law, as it now exists, does not lay a
tax of twenty cents upon the distillation; and
whether the law now proposed has not this dis-
tinction, that it proposes to lay a tax of sixty
cents upon the article on hand for sale?
Mr. VOORHEES. If the gentleman from New
York will tell me what the article of whisky is
distilled for except for sale, I will see the perti-
nency of his question. The twenty cents im-
posed upon the article for the purpose of allow-
ing it to be distilled is for the very purpose of
allowing it to be sold. And the forty cents addi-
tional you propose is for the same purpose—for
the privilege of selling.
Mr.KASSON. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the fact that the tax nowpio-
pused is not for the past prod uction, nor is it col-
lected at the time of the production. It isa tax
to be collected after it is sold, or removed for con-
sumption or sale. We propose to increase the
tax on (lie current products ot the distiller, as such,
only after the law goes into effect, not retroact-
ively.
I repeat, the fact to which I wish particularly
to call the attention of the gentleman is, that the
debate now turns upon taxing whisky on hand
for sale. Nothing additional is charged now in
the nature of a license for the past production of
the distillery. The point we aim our aigumenfs
at is that the very producing interest in behalf of
which the gentleman speaks demands this kind
of legislation; and I beg leave to lead ahaifdozen
lines" from a gentleman, a dealer in Boston. He
says:
k< I have noticed the amendments the tfmalc have made
to the Jiquoi tax a*-pa.-^ed l>> the Ilou-t-of Uepre^ontativeri,
and being well ported in thej-o mattei-., 1 thought I would
pveyou my views on the subject, (r<>r w hat they aie woith,)
winch are, that unl^s the lnjuoi unhand held by distillers
and -p^eui.uoi-, ebiellyhj the latter, i- taxed, the Govern-
ment \\ ill gft hut a very -mall <utn uom the \rew England
States for two years to come. Tie' quantity held i* im-
mense, and is daily. I have held conversation
With two of our dt-tdlein, s\ ho have not the means to hold
on, who concur in my view-; on the j-ubject entiieiy."
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 am very much obliged
to the gentleman from Iowa for furnishing the
!! views of his fiiend from Boston, and as Ins hiend
