1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL- 'GLOBE.
38tii Cong. ... 1st Skss. Republican Governments in Certain Stales—Mr. Davis.
Ho.-o® RepS.
yet the great wisdom of the framers of the Con-
stitution has in no particular been rendered more
remarkably apparent—although their imagination
could scarcely have reached the belief in the pos-
sibility of events that are to us familiar as house-
hold words—than in their having laid by, in the
arsenal of the Constitution, the weapons to deal
with tins great danger.
What is the nature of this case with which we
have to* deal—the evil we must remedy, the dan-
ger we must avert? In other words, what is that
monster of political wrong which is called seces-
sion? It is not, Mr. Speaker, domestic violence,
within the meaning of that clause of the Consti-
tution, for the violence was the act of the people
of the States through their government, and was
the offspring of their free and unforced will, it
is not invasion, in the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, for no State has been invaded against the
will of the government of the State by any power
except the United States marching to overthrow
the usurpers of its territory. It is, therefore, the
act of the people of the States, carrying with it
ail the consequences of suqIi an act. - And there-
fore it must be either a legal revolution which
makes them independent, and makes of the United
Slates a foreign country, or it is a usurpation
against the authority of the United States, the
erection of governments which do not recognize
the Constitution of the United States, which the
Constitution does not recognize, and, therefore,
not republican governments of the States in rebel-
lion. The latter is the view which all parties take
of it. I do not understand that any gentleman
on the other side of the House says that any rebel
government which does not recognize the Consti-
tution of the United States, and which is not rec-
ognized by Congress, isaState government within
the meaning of the Constitution. Still less can it
be said that there is a State government, repub-
lican or unrepublican, in the State of Tennessee,
whore there is no government of any kind, no
civil authority, no organized form of administra-
tion except that represented by the flag of the
United States, obeying the will and under the or-
ders of the military officer in command. It is the
language of the President of the United States in
every proclamation, of Congress in every law on
the statute-book, of both Houses in their forms
pf proceeding, and of the courts of the United
States in then* administration of the law. It is
the lesult of every principle of law, of every sug-
gestion of political philosophy, that there can be
no republican government within the limits ofthe
United Slates that does not recognize, but does
repudiate, the Constitution, and which the Presi-
dent and the Congress of the United States do not,
on their part, recognize. Those thatare here rep-
resented aie t lie only governments existing within
the iimits of the United Slates. Those thatare
not heie represented are not governments of the
States, leptiblican under the Constitution. And
if they be not, then they are militaiy usurpations,
inaugurated as the per manent govei rrments of the
State*, contrary to the supreme law of the land,
arrayed in arms against the Government of the
United States; and if is the duty, the first and
highest duty, of the Government to suppress and
expel them. Congress must either expel or rec-
ognize and suppoi t them, if it do not guafanty
them it is bound to expel them; and tkey who
aie not ready to suppress them are bounu to rec-
ognize them.
The Supreme Couitofthe United States In de-
clining jurisdiction of political questions suchas
these, in the famous Rhode Island cases, declared,
by the moytlr of Chief Justice Taney, in the Pres-
idency of John Tyler, during the southern dom-
ination m support of the acts of John Tyler,-that
a military government, established as the perma-
nent government of a State, is not a republican
government in the meaning of the Constitution,
and that it is the duty of Congress to suppress it.
That duty Congresses now executing by its ar-
mh's. He fatther said in that case that it is the
exclusive prerogative of Congress—of Congress,
and liot ofthe President—to determine what is and
wh.it is not the established government of the
Suite; and to come to that conclusion it must
judge of what is and what is not a republican
government, and its judgment is conclusive on
the Supiemo Court, which cannot judge of ti*e
fact for itself, but accepts the fact declared by the
political department of the Government.
We are now engaged in suppressing a military
usurpation of the authority ofthe State govern-
ment. When that shall have been accomplished
there will be no form of State authority in exist-
ence which Congress can recognize. Our suc-
cess will he the overthrow of all semblance of
government in the rebel States. The Govern-
ment of the United States js then, in fact, the only
Government existing in those States, and it is
there charged to guaranty them republican gov-
ernments.
What jurisdiction does the duty of guaranty-
ing a republican government confer, under such
circumstances, upon Congress ? What right does
it give? What laws may it pass? What ob-
jects may it accomplish ? What conditions may
it insist upon, and what judgment may it exer-
cise in deteimining what it will do? The duty
of guarantying carries with it the right to pass
all laws necessary and proper to guaranty. The
duty of guarantying means the duty to accom-
plish the result. It means that the republican
government shall exist. It means that every
opposition to republican governmentshall be put
down. It means that everything inconsistent
with the permanent continuance of republican
governmentshall be weededout. It places in the
hands of Congress the right to say what is and
what is not, with all the light of experience and
all the lessons ofthe past, inconsistent, in its judg-
ment, with the permanent continuance of repub-
lican government; and if, in its judgment, any
form of policy is radically and inherently incon-
sistent with the permanentand enduring peace of
the country, with the permanent supremacy of
republican government, and it have the manliness
to say so, there is no power, judicial or executive,
in the United States Lhat can even question this
judgment butthe people; and they can do it only
by sending other Representatives here to undo our
work. The very language of the Constitution
and the necessary logic of the case involve that
consequence. The denial of the right of seces-
sion means that all the terutory of the United
States shall remain under the jurisdiction of the
Constitution. If thine can be no State govern-
ment winch does not recognize the Constitution,
and which the authorities of the United States do
not recognize, then there are these alternatives,
and the.se only. The rebel States must be gov-
erned by Congress till they submit and form a
State govcr nment under the Constitution; or Con-
gress must recognize State governments which
do not recognize either Congress or the Consti-
tution of the United States; or there must be an
entire absence of all government in the rebel
Slates; and Unit is anarchy. To recognize a gov-
ernment which does not recognize the Constitu-
tion is absutd, for a government is not a consti-
tution; and the recognition of a State government
means the acknowledgment of men as Governors
and legi.slatois andjudges actually invested with
po'wer to make laws, to judge of crimes, to con vie t
the citizens of other States, to demand the sur-
render of fugitives fiom justice, toaimandcom-
mand the militia, to requne the United States to
repress all opposition to itsauthority, and to pro-
tect it fiom invasion—against our own armies;
whose Senators and Representatives are entitled
to seats in Congress, and whose electoral votes
must be counted in the election of the President
of a Government which they disown and defy!
To accept the alternative of anarchy as the con-
stitutional condition of a State is to assert the
failure ofthe Constitution and the end of lepub-
lican govei nment. Until, therefore, Congress rec-
ognize a State government, organized under its
auspices, there is no government in the rebel
States except the authority of Congress. In the
absence of all State government, the duty is im-
posed on Congress to provide by law to keep the
peace, to administer justice, to watch over the
transmissionofdeccdents'esiates, to.sanction mar-
riages; in a word, to administercivilgovernmenf
until the people shall, under its guidance, submit
to ihe Constitution of the* United States, and,
under the laws which it shall impose, and on the
condition** Congress may requne, reoiganize a re-
publican government for themselves, and Con-
gress shall recognize that government.
These, therefore, are the things'w hich'are in-
volved in the duty of Congress to guaranty re-
publican governmenttothe States. • Butnve htfpe
not yet suppressed tire insurrection. We are
still engaged in removing armed rebellion. Is it
yet time to reorganize the State governments,"or
is there nolan intermediate period rn which sound
legislative wisdom requires that the authority of
Congress should take possession of and tempo-
rarily control the States now in rebellion until
peace shall be restored and republican government
can be established deliberately, undisturbed by
the sound or fear of arms, and under the guidance
of law?
What is the condition of the rebellion at this
time? I do not know that I express the opinions
of gentlemen in this House, but, in my judgment,
"Doubtful it stands j
As two spent swimmers, that do cling together,
And choke their ait."
Our arms have advanced deep into the regions
of the rebellion; we have occupied a vast area
wrested from its power; but to this day we have
not expelled the rebels from any State they ever
held.
There is no State some portion of whose terri-
tory is not pressed by rebels in arms whom we
have not expelled or whom we cannot expel.
There is no portion of the rebel States where
peace has been so far restored that our military
•power can be withdrawn for a moment without
instant insurrection. There is no rebel State held
now by the United States enough of whose pop-
ulation adheres to the Union to be intrusted with
the government of the Slate. One tenth cannot
control nine tenths. Five tenths are nowhere
willing to undertake the control of the other five
tenths. Nowhere does such a proportion exist
willing to do so, or if willing to do so, who can
safely be trusted with the great powers of a State
government,carrying with it the right of taxation,
the existence of courts, the appointment of offi-
cois,the command of the militia, and besides the
supremacy of the internal concerns of the State,
the right to participate in the Government of the
United States by Representatives, Senators, and
electors,appointed by their uncontrolled dictation.
In West Virginia that authority exists, and has
been recognized. In no othei State—the only one
in respect to which a doubt can exist rs Tennes-
see—m no other State is there such a portion of
territory held, or any such portion of population
under our control, or any such portion of it which
is in our control inspired by such sentiments to-
ward the Governmentof the United States, so free
from fear of the returning wave of rebel invasion,
so assured of the continued supremacy of the Uni-
ted States, that we ought to be willing to intrust
them with tins power. You can get a handful of
men in the seveial States who wuuld be glad to
take the offices if protected by the troops of the
United States, but you have nowhere a body of
independent, loyal partisans of the United States,
ready to meet the rebels in arms, ready to die for
the Republic, who claim the Constitution as their
birthright,countall other privileges light in com-
parison, and resolved at every hazard to main-
tain it.
The loyal masses'of the South, of which we
hear so much, what was their temper at the out-
break of the rebellion? what is their temper now?
They did not want rebellion; they voted against
secession; they acquiesced in the vote which de-
creed it; they want with their State; they were con-
tent to accept what they did not prefer but were
unwilling to resist; they preferred Union with
peace, but when Union and peace could not exist
together, they yielded up the Union rather than
make war to maintain it; and when the question
was Union and war for it or disunion and war for
it, they preferred war against the United States
to war against the South. Whether it was that
the doctrines of secession had ground themselves
into the minds of men and become unconsciously
the foundations upon which their thoughts tested;
or that they thought the interests of slavery must
necessarily be sacrificed in the event of a warand
the}' were not willing to sacrifice u; or that the
Ions; stufeon the negro question had deadened
their national feeling; or that they had ceased to
regard the people of the free States as fellow-
citizens, and the horror of joining them against
