1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
for the animal-races and soil for the growth of
cereals and the culture of the vine which distin-
guishes the country between St. Petersburg and
Constantinople, within which extremes of lati-
tude are concentrated so large a proportion of the
enterprise, wealth, and happiness of civilized
society.
Our natural advantages are preeminent, and no
political economist can justify the policy of such
a country as ours, richer in grasses than Assyria
or Andalusia, with hundreds of millions of acres
unoccupied, stretchi ng from the upper Mississippi
to the Rio Grande, in theannualaverageimporta-
tion of 75,000,000 pounds of wool, and cloth to the
value of 115,000,000. The fact is suggestive of
our dependence, and awakens the inquiry, how
can we change that balance-sheet which shows
our imports for twelve months to be more than
#100,000,000 in excess of our exports? True pa-
triotism will createa demand only for home-made
fabrics, and when a policy of national independ-
ence is aroused our native resources will be de-
veloped as an astonishment to the world, to show
that the new State of iowa alone has greater min-
eral wealth than Great Britain, and annually pro-
duces a sufficiency of grass which is undipped and
left to be consumed by autumnal files, to feed all
the flocks of the United States.
This is the argument. It will be for the ad-
vantage of the producerof the cereals to be spared
the heavy tax of transportation, which can be
done by the extension of our home manufactures;
and it will be proved more for the grain-grower's
interests still when capital shali pass to the new
States, where food is cheap, motive-power abund-
ant, and to which population may be attracted.
Then will follow the enhancement of the value of
grain, animals, and wool, by so much as the pro-
ducer in the West now pays in freight, exchange,
and commissions.
These considerations justify a policy of protec-
tion to manufactures of iron, cotton,and woolen
goods. The revenue deiived from imports and
the elevation of American labor will give further
assurance ofthe continuance of the protective pol-
icy. Here, 1 ask, has the farmer, brought intodi-
rect competition witluhe producerof grain, meat,
and woo! the same claim to protection as the man-
ufacturer of cloth and iron ? It is as plain as any
demonstration by figures thatsince more than three
fourths of ourimported wool paid a duty of only
nine mills a pound, that the tariff of 18G2 did not
afford adequate protection, being rather a dis-
crimination againstagreat interest. I have shown
that good policy will encourage the home fabrica-
ting of the goods necessary for our population;
that the motive-power is at hand; that the skill of
our artisans is unrivaled, and that to furnish near
consumers of our textile staples is a question of
pecuniary concern to our agriculturists.
It is conceded that the manufacturing commu-
nities of laborers in intelligence, patriotism, and
morality have reflected honor on the national
character. Can less be said of the rural people
of the new States? When have they been found
wanting in the time of national conflict and peril ?
Never. Their simplicity of life has developed
the sternest virtue; the integrity and courage of
intelligent freemen, illustrated by the revolution-
ary fathers when
"Tliey left the plowshare in the mold,
The flocks and herds without a fold,
The sickle in the mis-horn grain,-
The corn half garnered on the plain,"
as examples to their children, who, with hcroic
sacrifices, in these years of rebellion have, as ag-
riculturists, perpetuated the fame of their fathers
by promptness of enlistment and sturdy valor,
which properly moves the legislator to devise for
the most profitable culture of the untilled and de-
serted farm; for the maimed returning soldiers,
and the orphans incapable of severe labor, yet
competent to watch the flock and bestow those
little attentions which are indispensable to suc-
cessful sheep husbandry.
Where shall we find and how shall we econo-
mize labor is a problem not easily solved in the
rural districts. I cannot forget the sacrifices of
the people of my own State, where few dwell in
cities or thrive by commerce or contracts. Iowa
furnished ten thousand soldiers in excess of ail
calls by the Government,and then in the warmth
of her patriotism made a .proffer of ten thousand
men additional for temporary service, draining
the farming districts of more than one third of
their laborers.
If it be said of their achievements in campaigns
and battles that they have seemingly eclipsed
those of troops bred to other pursuits, it will not
be attributed to superior courage or patriotism,
but to muscular development and capacity'-fm* en-
durance which distinguishes a rural population;
and I shall not waste time in proving that such a
people should be encouragea in their employ-
ments; that theyjiave a right to protection equal
to any elass of our citizens. None of oar opera-
tives are brought to the condition of the pauper
laborer of Europe; and can Government reason-
ably ask the flock-rnaster, wounded in our battles,
returning home to his farm, a man of education,
meeting the responsibilities of a citizen and the
head of a family,-to compete with nomads, the
half clothed tribes of South America and South
Africa who sleep in huts, subsist on tropical
fruits, contributing nothing to social order and
the stability of government, races who now flood
our markets with wool?
These pioneer farmers have entered upon the
least-favored and poorest-requited labor of Amer-
ican citizens; y«t the vanguard of civilization, re-
claiming States from the savages, and by reason
of their remoteness from market, as the rule, have
left little else as a heritage to their children than
lands on the frontier without a cash value, and
the stem virtues of a people whose daughters are
to-day supplying the places of their brothers-in-
arms, dropping the corn in the furrows, vying in
' patriotism with the youth in our universities and
colleges, who have, as one man', professors and
students, suspended the scanning of Virgil to scan
our murderous foe; dropped their Euclid with
problems unsolved, donning the soldier's uniform
and seizing the gun to solve the bloody problem
of war.
ft is not enough that such men carry victori-
ous banners, and that their place is assured in
the hearts of a grateful people by the records of
history, song, and traditional heroism, ' Govern-
ment should recognize their service to the nation
in the midst of its perils, confer honor upon in-
dustry by furnishing protection to those in States
remote from the marts of trade, who, while com-
peting with the labor of squalid hirelings, offens-
ive barbarians, and Australian convicts, in cli-
mates which never produce men, are converting
into wool and food tin# which, forunknown cen-
turies, has gone to waste and been swept by fires,
thus directly opening the route for that^railway
which is to join with bonds of iron the golden
gate of the Pacific, the rich quartz mines of the
Territories, the prairie farms, the forges of the
mountains, and factories by the eastern shore.
As legislators, that blending of sympathies be-
comes us which is found among our soldiers
when they forget their State and locality in devo-
tion to the common cause. Let, then, the weak-
est in numerical strength have just consideration.
Let the poorest requited and honorable industry
have protection, and every rural scene will have
a well-bred flock in the foreground. Give incipi-
ent art encouragement, and if eventually enter-
prise and capital do not distribute their blessings
m the West generously, as nature does the sun-
shine and the rain, we will forget localities, to
devise for and rejoice in general prosperity, and
cherish the regard for each other of a Joseph and
a Benjamin, though one was reared in Egypt and
the otnerin Canaan; and, until an honorable peace
is attained for our bleeding country, we will war
upon the enemies of liberty m the name of God:
" Stili as the breeze but dreadful as the storm,"
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, the importance
of proper tax and tariff bills is evident. The
present financial condition of the country invites
our earnest attention, and every effort should he
made to maintain the public credit. A funda-
mental error was long ago committed in enacting
the system of legal tender; and the earnest con-
victions of many who knew better than to depart
from truth and reality have been changed into
flint scruples and then entirely overcome. The
spectral doctrine that we can make money by
printing it has superseded the dissolving views of
specie payments; and the effect of all the redun-
dancy of paper is that $100 in gold will buy na-
tional securities to the amount of $190. This is
the deliberate estimate placed upon our system,
oar credit, our honor, and the policy we are pur-
suing by the capitalists bf Otjrowneouftwy and jt
the world. ■ -■ "■ ' ; • ■
I speak of. things, as.they are. The national
debt is increasing, and-will continue to intfreasf.
We can jucjgeo.f the future in no better way fhsfti
by the experience of the past; and, if the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has hitherto, when the-p£6-
vailing temper, of the people .has naturally been
more sanguine and enthusiastic than it will be
hereafter, found himself unable to"plage any larger
proportion of the public debt in thfe Shape"of per-
manent loans', it is impossible to avoid the dark-
est forebodings as to tke future. Every day the
war continues we grow poorer and poorer; the
most vigorous and energetic portion of our peo-
ple, those who are best capable of productive la-
bor, are transferred from the fields of ordinary
industry to the work of mutual destruction, and
their number is diminished to an extent which 'al-
ready has fearful results upon the actual income
of the nation. .
We must treat the public debt as something to
be actually paid. We must treble our revenue by
a well-considered system of taxation,' pressing1 as
lightly as possible upon the working and produ-
cing classes, and we must cease to inflate tfiecur-
rency by fictitious values. There isnostitiject of
more essential and permanent importance; to the
people than this collective indebtedness. Onedol-
iar raised by taxation is, as has been said by tl)e
Secretary of the Treasury, of more real Value-to
the country than two made as money is noto sup-
posed to be made, and the tariff should be so ar-
ranged as to yield the largest possible revenue to
the country with the least possible inconvenience
to the people.
When the waris over, and the enthusiasm ami
passion it ha3 created and kept alive have sub-
sided, the monument of debt will remain. It can-
not be obliterated by brave words and patriotic
apostrophes. The public creditor will demand
that the mortgage he holds upon the bones and
sinews of the producing population shall be sat-
isfied to the last'fraction. Our legislation, there-
fore, should tend to no inflation of prices. "We
should m'&'ke our money go as far as we cain', iiy
no means creating artificial values and incurring
liabilities to be paid when the currency will be
measured by a different standard.
For my own part [ do not .believe it is now
possible to end this war without having incurred
a debtofatleast$4;000,000,000. Ourexpensesare
increasing with the rise of prices and the increased
necessity of more vigorous exertions. Under the
policy we have adopted no spiritof reunion with
us exists in the southern confederacy. Some of
its people—many of them—desire peace, but as
was remarked by the honorable member from
Maryland, on the other side of the House, during
the present session, who knows them well, it is
not peace and union but peace and disunion.
They desire peace, but only with victory and tri-
umph for themselves and defeat of our forces.
Under these circumstance it is impossible to fore-
see how long the war will continue or what will
be its ultimate cost in money or in men; but, in
my judgment, the debt we shall incur cannot be
less than $4,000,000,000, and may be far more.
I take it for granted that, under the policy ofthe
Administration, we are engaged in a war of sub-
jugation, and I assume, for the purpose of this
argument, that the party at present in power will
realize its wishes, will conquer and forcibly rev-
olutionize, by external force, the whole'political,
social, and industrial system of the South, in di-
rect opposition to the opinions, or, if we choose
so to call them, the prejudices, most cherished by
them—forming their habits and the basis of their
thoughts and sentiments.
Let us calculate the cost of retaining the fruits
of the victories we have yet to gain. We may be
sure that we cannot compel a population number?
ing eight millions, and equaling ourselves 111 cour-
age, determination, and all the essential elements
of military character and power, to submit to the
absolute control of our Government unless we
have a standing army of at least three hundred
thousand men. At sea we shall need a force quite
as powerful as at present. Our civil list will be
increased by the large number of officials neces-
sary to collect tjje additional revenue required for
the support ofthe Army and-Navy. lendeavorto
estimate, on the most moderate basis, the amount
of our expenditure when such a pcace as is sought
