1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stitution itself is a fugitive slave act. In the case
of Prig? vs. The State of Pennsylvania, with
which the Senate no doubt is familiar, that court
decided, the opinion being given by Mr. Justice
Story, that a master had a right, without process
and independent of any legislation, national or
State, to seize his slave wherever he might find
him and return him to slavery by taking him to
the State in which he resided, not only without
being guilty of any trespass, but in so doing he
was in the full discharge of what the Constitution
gave him a right to perform to recover his prop-
erty. • In that particular, and because of that,
there was a difference of opinion between the
members of that court. The present Chief Jus-
tice of the United States was of the opinion (in
that respect not agreeing with his colleagues of
the majority) that the obligation under the Con-
stitution was an obligation upon the States as well
as the United States. The majority of the court
took the opposite view, that all State legislation
on the subject was illegal and wholly inoperative.
The Chief Justice, with one, I think, or perhaps
two members of the bench thought that the States
had a right to pass laws to effect the same pur-
pose, and that so far as they were not inconsist-
ent with the laws which Congress may have
passed they were to be considered as valid.
The son of Mr. Justice Story has published a
letter which the learned judge wrote the day af-
ter or the day on which that decision was pro-
nounced, which it would have been as well, I
think, for his reputation if the public had not
seen. If the Senate will look at the opinion given
by that distinguished man they will find that lie
took the view that, under the Constitution of the
United Slates, there was an imperative obligation
upon the United States to give to the masters of
slaves the right to take their slaves wherever they
could find them. As I have said, he thought n
could be done independent of legislation; but he
-never intimated that it was not in the power of
Congress by legislation to make that right more
effectual than it would have been if it stood upon
the Constitution alone; and he therefore said that
the act of 1793 was constitutional; and in that
opinion he was sustained by the whole bench.
But what ho did say in the loiter to which I have
adverted was that the court having decided that
the States had no control over the subject, he
thought it was the most fatal blow that slavery
had received, intimating that in the then temper
of the public mind, so far as the national Legisla-
ture was concerned, there would be no future le-
gislation on the part of Congress,and that nothing
that could be done could be done effectually to
enable the master to get his slave back. I say,
speaking with all the reverence in which I hold
the memory of that very distinguished jurist, I
think that his reputation perhaps suffered and
should have suffered by keeping in his own breast,
as he evidently did, so far as the rest of the court
were concerned, his view of the effect of that de-
cision, and writing so as to make the reader be-
lieve that not only in his view was that the effect
of the decision, but that he had pronounced the
decision for" the very purpose of bringing about
that object.
But the act of 1850 itself, which is so obnox-
ious to my friend from Ohio, [M r. Sherman,] and
it is certainly no favoriteof mine—in many of its
particulars i think it very objectionable in point
of expediency—the Supreme Court, in the case
of Booth vs. The United States, by a unanimous
decision, affirmed in so many words to be con-
stitutional. The honorable member from Massa-
chusetts seems to suppose that the unconstitution-
ality of this legislation is to be found in the fact
that it does not provide for a jury trial. The
court have said, as I think in a way not to be
successfully met, that the meaning of this clause
is precisely the meaning to be attributed to the
remainder of the clause, of which it forms but a
portion. The entire clause provides for- the ren-
dition of fugitives from justice and fugitives from
service. It had never been held, in relation to
the meaning of the first part of the clause—the
rendition of fugitives from justice—that it was
necessary that there should be a jury trial in the
State where the party was arrested. Congiess
did not take that view of the law which they
passed on that subject, and it never has been con- j
tested. For the same reason (and the court have j
more than once referred to it as a conclusive an- I
swer) thai Congress may provide for the return
to the State where the offense is committed, of an
offender who has fled from that State for the pur-
pose of escaping from justice, without giving him
the benefit of a trial by jury in the place where
he is arrested, can you order the return of a fugi-
tive slave from a State in which he may be found
without giving him the benefit of a trial to ascer-
tain whether he is a slave or not.
Now, Mr. President, except for the honor of
the thing, which may loom up largely perhaps
in the imagination of my friend from Massa-
chusetts, except for the honor of the party of
which he is so distinguished a leader, what prac-
tical good is to be the result of this measure?
Will one single slave be returned under these
laws? Does the honorable member believe that
a single slave will be returned under them ? The
passage of this bill may create some unpleasant
feeling in that part of the South which is section-
ally loyal, and among many in that part of the
South which, though sectionally disloyal, are
themselves loyal.
I admit if it was true, if the honorable mem-
ber's conclusion was as clear as—to repeat his
own favored illustration—the multiplication table;
if it was as true as that two and two make four,
and not five, we ought to get rid of this legisla-
tion, because if it was of that description it would
be a reproach to our own intelligence; but is the
honorable member so entirely confident that it is
as true as a question under the multiplication ta-
ble? The men who framed'the Constitution, I
suppose, knew what the meaning of that Consti-
tution was just as well as my honorable friend
from Massachusetts oan know, or as any mem-
ber of this body can know. The president of the
Convention by which it was framed—no friend
of slavery, eaiestly desiring, as wo see by his
writings, lis early extermination—I suppose is
just as likely to have known what the meaning
of the Constitution was in this clause at least,
which more especially affected his own region of
country, as the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts. The men who passed the act of 1793,
most of whom had been members of that Con-
vention, were just as likely to know what the
Constitution is in this particular as the honora-
ble member from Massachusetts. If he will look
at the proceedings of each branch of Congress
when the act of 1793 waspassed, he will find that
nobody ventured to breathe a suspicion either
that Congress had no authority to pass it, or that it
was not the duty of Congress to pass it. The bill
passed both branches unanimously.
If the confidence of the honorable member from
Massachusetts in his own judgment is not to be
shaken by the fact to which I have adverted, one
would suppose it would be somewhat shaken when
he calls to mind, if he shall call to mind, that
the courts of every State in the Union, and every
court of the United States, district or supieme,
that has been called upon to pass judgment upon
the constitutionality of the act of 1793, has main-
tained its constitutionality. During the whole se-
ries of years wh ich have elapsed from the passage
of the act of 1793 up to a comparatively recent day
no member of Congress suggested the repeal of
that act, either upon grounds of expediency or of
unconstitutionality; and no State in the Union by
any ono of i tsdepaitmentsofgovernmentever ques-
tioned publicly the validity of that act. Recently,
1 know, new views have been taken on the sub-
ject. The Constitution recently, first, construed
with reference to the principles to be found in the
Declaration of Independence, and secondly, con-
strued by itself through very many of the clauses
which relate to personal freedom, has been held
to be so inconsistent with slavery that an act of
this description cannot be maintained as valid
The honorable Senator himself, in this report, if
I remember it correctly, takes the ground that
the clause in question never was intended to em-
brace slaves, but apprentices.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator misunderstood
me. I did not doubt that the persons who drew
up that clause meant slavery, but I insisted that,
according to all just rules of interpretation, which
neither the Senator nor myself are at liberty to
disobey, the language they employed cannot be
interpreted to mean slavery; foraccordmgto those
rules slavery cannot stand on inference. It re-
quires a positive text to sustain it.
Mr. JOHNSON". I do not know what the hon-
orable member supposes to be the, limited effect
of inference. I suppose when we are called'up^n
to construe words, we are to construe them ac-
cording to their intent. Now, I understand, the
honorable member to say that the intent of the
persons by whom those words were u^ecf was
to embrace slavery, but he says the.y have>; not
carried out their intent. t
Mr. SUMNER. As occurs very oftaa in a, will
or contract, . ' [
Mr. JOHNSON. But wills and contractsaire
not made by such men as composed that Co,nv§n-
tion. The brightest intellects that evershed.glory
upon the .world were to be found in that Conven-
tion. Every clause in the Constitution was care-
fully penned in the first instance, submitted to
the most careful criticisms throughout, and irot
adopted until every man in the Convention knew
what every othe,r man in the Convention meant.
If there was any member of that Convention who
supposed that these words would notcomprehend
slaves, and he kept that to himself, he did not deal
fairly with his compatriots. Why do not the
words include slaves? Why is it a matter of in-
ference?, Do they not include apprentices? They
include somebody, some class of people; and if
they do, what class is included? Are apprentices
included? The honorable member will admit that.
Mr. SUMNER. And redemptioners.
Mr. JOHNSON. And redemptionersjand why?
Because they are held to service. Is he who ts
held to service for life less held to service than he
who is held to service for a few years? The hon-
orable member may assail the laws of the States
and deny that there can be any law in any State
winch can make one man the servant of another
for life; but, assuming the validity of those taws,
(and the very object of repealing: this act of 1793
and the act of 1850 is because it is assumed that
the laws would operate upon them,) then it would
follow that slaves are included within the term
" held to service," unless it be true that he who
is held to service for life is not held to service
equally with him who is held to service for a
month or a year.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Maryland
allow me to call his attention to the third clause
of the second section of the first article of the
Constitution? It is in these words:
a Repieseritativcs and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may l>e included within
this Union, according to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by tfdding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service lor a term of
yeais, and excluding Indians not taxed, three filths of ail
other persons."
Who are meant by the words " three fifths of
all other persons?"
Mr. JOHNSON. I am obliged to my friend
from Kentucky for his reference to that clause.
The language of the particular clause in question
is this:
11 No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof."
All we have to ascertain is, is there a law in
Maryland which gives me a right to the service
of a slave for life? If there is, then according to
the words of the provision if he escapes he is to
be returned to me. But if there could be any
doubt, looking to the terms themselves which are
to be found in this clause, that doubt would be
removed by the particular clause leferred to by
the honorable member from Kentucky. The
question between the honorable member from
Massachusetts and myself, and between him and
Washington and every member of the Conven-
tion, all the State Legislatures, every State court,
every district court of the United States, and the
Supreme Court of the United States, with Mar-
shall at their head, is whether the term, " Held to
service," as used in what is called the fugitive
slave clause, embraces slaves.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will pardon me.
That is not the question. The question is whether
the whole clause is applicable to slaves.. The Sen-
ator will observe that there are still other opera-
tive words. The clause is as follows:
xl No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another* shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim
of the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
Thfi Senator will observe this clause speaks of
a party, not of a thing. It speaks of a person
held to set vice or labor, not of a thing; of a per-
