1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
the distiller; second, the speculator; third, the
retailer; and fourth, the consumer. And I here
aver that nine out of every ten gallons of liquor
which will be affected by this tax are in the hands
of the distiller. But suppose it were not so, who
so mean as to be envious of another man's pros-
perity? I speak with entire respect for the opin-
ions of fhose who are opposed to me when I say
that the effect of this legislation is to strike down
men who have engaged in a legitimate business
transaction. Sir, do not ask me to be a party to
any such operation—not certainly for so small a
pittance as the Government will realize from this
scheme.
If a man has invested his money in whisky
with the view that it may rise in price, he has
done no more than is done .in every other article
in every branch of trade, no more than as an hon-
est man he had a right to do; and, having a right
to do so, in my judgment I would not be an hon-
est man if I were to interfere with him. Where
is our right to do it because some man is going to
make a little money? Suppose some man is going
to speculate, what is it your business? Where is
your right to step between him and his legitimate
trade? Conceding that every gallon of this liquor
was in the hands of speculators, in the hands of
those who bought it to sell at a profit, that would
no more shake the principle which prevails in my
mind than if would change absolute light into ab-
solute wrong.
And, Mr. Speaker, is this House prepared to
send excise officets all over the land to the retail-
ers, to the man who has bought in his legitimate
business? And when I say legitimate, 1 mean law-
ful. I stop not to make temperance speeches here.
I stop not to discuss and split hairs with my friend
from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] or any-
body else on the morality of this question. I try
it as any other question of business and property
is tried. I shall rake the instance of the humble
retailer who has bought his barrel and is letailing
it at the cornerof somestieetin some town of the
West or the East. He has paid his twenty cents
for the right to sell. Would you like to be the
exciseman sent to tell that retailer that he has to
pay forty cents in addition to the twenty? There
is not a man in tins wide hind but will cry shame
in your face at this injustice. There is where the
retailers stand.
Mr. Speaker, I have laid before the House the
views which will govern my vote on this subject.
I shall vote to concur in the Senate amendment.
I have voted against this bill. I have to vote for
it as a choice now; and in voting to concur in the
Senate amendments shall vote between the ori-
ginal bill of this Iiouse and the shape jn which
it comes now. There can be no doubt m my
mind as to the propriety of that coiuse on the
part of the opponents of the measure.
I look upon this as a matter of grave import-
ance. It is the assertion of an obnoxious and
unjust piinciple. You cannot come to a compro-
mise on this subject. You cannot compromise
away vested rights. If you tell the citizen that
he has no protection against this sort of taxation,
you have done him ail the harm that you can do
him. The man who stands upon principle would
pay sixty as soon as twenty cents, for if you can
lay twenty the exigencies of the revenue will call
upon you on some other occasion to levy forty
cents or one dollar. If it is right to lay twenty,
it is right to lay forty for the revenue of the coun-
try. if it is light to touch it at all, it is right to
go further and to get all you can. It is wrong
toto. It is the assertion of a subversive principle
to the private rights of citizens of this or any
other country.
I have submitted, briefly as I could, the views I
hold on this subject. 1 regret to differ from some
of my ft iends on this side of the House, but look-
ing on this as an evil I have felt constrained to say
what I have.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask lum a question before he takes his seat?
Mr. VOORIIEES. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has not the Senate raised
the tax upon the production of spirits to eighty
cents per gallon; and I ask the gentleman whether
he does not think that that is an injustice?
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not think that that is
right. My vote stands recorded against it. I
have voted against that provision because of its
injustice. I have not stopped to argue the injus-
tice of this legislation to the Northwest alone,
from which I come. 1 have not thought it worth
while. There is much I could add, much I have
felt, but I have contented myself with showing
my disapprobation of that bill, and especially those
exorbitant featuies adopted by a former vote of
this House. I have the choice between the ori-
ginal bill, which I look upon as less obnoxious,
and the bill as amended by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. One further question.
Mr. VOORIIEES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know if my friend
from Indiana is not now, in his argument, dis-
criminating against the Northwest and in favor
of the speculator who holds whisky?
Mr. VOORIIEES. I do not think so, or I
would not make the argument. This ccrtainly is
a very superfluous suggestion. My love for the
Northwest is too well known to subject me to a
question of that kind. I may be mistaken in what
1 am doing, but as to my motive there can be no
doubt.
Mr. GRINNELL. When this matter was dis-
cussed originally upon the introduction ofthe bill,
I had the honor to move an amendment proposing
an additional tax of$l 20a gallon. I have not re-
dacted from the position I then took;and I have,on
reflection, been confirmed in my opinion that that
was a proper rate oftaxationalso by numerous let-
ters, I may say scores if not hundreds I have re-
ceived, approving of my course upon the subject.
1 believe it is the duty of this House to adhere to
its bill, and not accept the amendments proposed
by the Senate. Why? I am not going to discuss
the morality or immoiality of this traffic. I did
make some allusions on a previous occasion to the
whisky business which distiessed gentlemen upon
the other side of the House; but I do not propose
now to call in question theirparty, their " nurser-
ies,"or their principles- I would discuss tins nsa
business question solely; yet I wish to make this
remark, thatl hold it to be a dereliction of duty on
the part of Congress not to discourage a vicious
habit—I may say an expensive habit—by making
vice more expensive, and that will, to some de-
gree, guide my legislation upon tins question:
holding, if I can makfcea habit known to be a vicious
habit an expensive habit, I shall discourage it
thereby.
I wish to say a word now in reply to the gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Voor-
hees.] He has here, with great appxrent feel-
ing, uttered remarks in regard to the bankruptcy
of a certain class in this country. Does the gen-
tleman suppose that those who have gone into
these speculations in whisky, and invested hun-
dreds of thousands, have put their all into this
business? The gentleman fiom N*1 w Yoi k, [Mr.
Fehnaxdo Wood,] who offered the amendment
which is the principal cause of division, has an-
swered the question. II'1 knows personally gen-
tlemen m the city of New Yoik who have hun-
dreds of thousands of dollats invested in whisky
on speculation. Whete do these and other gen-
tlemen live? On Fifth avenue; not in Indiana or
Iowa—m country places. They are the million-
aires of this country and the bankers of the coun-
try; and the gentleman wishes those men who
have made their millions outof the country to make
their millions more out of these whisky specula-
tions at the expense of the poorer patriotic class
of taxpayers. I have no feais in regaid to the
rich stock-jobheis. When, perhaps, they have
lost a little in money in speculation, they will
have enough left, and Ictus turn our thoughts and
sympathies in anotherdirection; they do not need
them.
The gentleman inquires what Met/ will say who
are now letaihng whisky in this country; the
men who are dealing it out by the glass distuib
the gentleman. They will say it is a sftomll prac-
tical joke, and will not regaid this action as any-
thing serious. What, I ask, does the man make
who retails a gallon of whisky? I am told by
those who are familiar with this matter that whisky
is retailed at ten cents a glass. Never having
bought a glass in my life I do not know what the
charge is, but I am told that is the latest puce.
Well, then, he who retails it makes some five or
six dollars a gallon, except his customers take
wholesale drinks. And yet the gentleman from
Indiana almost sheds tears over the hardship im-
posed upon such men, and comes here to intercede
for the retailer because we propose to lay a tax
of forty cents upon his gallon of whisky out of
which he makes five or six dollars. My sympa-
thies and ideas of justice do not flow in thatchan-
nel. I would rather restrict than extend that
business. I would rather go to the man who is
dealingoutthisdamnation in small quantities,aod
say, " I am willing you should stop this business,
because you lead in your train litigation, misery,
woe, and everything the Government should de-
sire to put away from the country." That is my
answer to that position of the gentleman. Our
sympathies should go with the people who desire
to pu t money into the T reasury, if we must endure
the curse of whisky.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A single question.
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know
whether thegenileman from Iowaisafter revenue
or after the gentleman from New York?
Mr. GRINNELL. I am after revenue, and
also after the whisky-drinking constituents ofthe
gentlemen from New York and Wisconsin. I
would like to reach the foe of this country, and
the man who retails whisky to the Democrats
who support whisky sentiments. [Laughter.] Is
the gentleman answeied?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Anotherquestion. I would
like to know whether the gentleman is after the
Democrats for the sake of getting a drink or not?
Mr. GRINNELL, After the Democrats in
this case only by indirection. I intend to look
after them by direction by and by, but not to-day.
Now, sir, this is a practical question of money.
As I estimate it, itinvolves the question of $50,000
to my districtalone, a districtof one hundred and
thirty-four thousand people, it is a question
whether this money shall come out of the pock-
ets of the speculators, bankers, millionaires, and
the rich -of the country, or be drawn from the
pockets of the people who live upon their farms.
That is the practical question,and I, for one, have
no hesitation in deciding it.
If, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
iieks] says, the law is unconstitutional, lam will-
ing to leave that matter to the decision of the courts.
I believe thai he has great respect for the courts
of the countt y—much greater than I have for some
of them—and 1 am willing to leave that question,
if there is doubt, where it belongs. But, sir, I
happened to be in the Senate when this matter
was under discussion, and I heard an honorable
Senator, once Attorney General of the United
States, remark that, m his opinion, there was no
difficulty upon this question, and that there was
noconstitutional prohibition and no constitutional
objection to retaxmg whisky. I give that opin-
ion of an ex-Attomey General of the United States
in opposition to the opinion of the gentleman from
Indiana who lias just taken his seat, since I do not
propose to be frightened out of my propriety or
my vote in this matter by any appeals in regard
to the unconstitutionality of the act. Let us pass
the law, get the revenue, and if any are wronged
they can find redress.
Now, the sum involved is large. It is not less
than eight or ten million dollars, as I understand
from li.o^e who have written to me on the sub-
ject, and who ought to know. And perhaps I
may as welt say here that I have friends who
would be injured poeuntanly by the passage of
this bill, and good friends too,fiicnds of my boy-
hood and of my manhood, whom it would be a
pleasure to oblige; but can I yield to their appeals,
although they say frankly that this is going to
injure them, taking money in large amounts out
of their pockets? No, sir; there is a higher prin-
ciple involved; there is a question of revenue and
a question of right, of duty, and i cannot yield to
any such suggestions.
Sir,the exigency is great. We want this money
and we know how we can get it. But the gentleman
says that we are going to multiply the swarm of
excisemen. Suppose we should add a hundred
or even a thousand, what would that be compared
with the raising by right and at once of eight or
ten million dollais of revenue ? It could not cost
more than one or two hundred thousand dollars,
and what percentage is that on the collection of
§10,000,000! No, sir; that objection is not well
taken. There is no man who loves his country,
no citizen who would sec its Treasury filled, who
would object to seeing these excisemen appointed
to go forth and find who arc the men who have
