1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
exhaustive learning that he brought to all the
questions that were before him. He is not to
be tolii that, sot) or no son, he has unwittingly
libeled the memory of his father in attempting to
satisfy the public that that father never passed af-
firmatively upon the constitutionality of the act
of 1793.
Mr. SUMNER. I have forborne in this dis-
cussion from introducing; my own testimony on
this matter, because I thought thn hook was
enough. My own relations, as thn Senator has
suggested, with the late Mr. Justice Story were
of great professional and personal intimacy; in-
deed, from my childhood to the day of his death.
I was in the habit of conversing with him on the
opinions pronounced at Washington, and 1 re-
member well his conversation immediately after
he pronounced the judgment in the Prigg case.
I heaid his opinions; I was the deposiiai y of his
most intimate thoughts on that remaikable case;
and I have to state 'hut the son has not stated the
opinions of his father on that subject as strongly
as he might.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I am sorry the facts
have been made known. Here I have the opin-
ion in the case of Prigg vs. The Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. The difference between the
honorable member and myself is whether the fu-
gitive clause embraces slaves. That is one diffei-
encc.
Mr. SUMNER. No reference is made to Mr.
Justice Story on that point. The only point with
regard to which Ins authority has been quoted is
the constitutionality oftheold statute of 1793,so
far as it failed to supply a trial by jut y. That is
the only point with regard to which his* name has
been adduced.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand, and I will
come to that.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not adduce Mr. Justice
Story on the oth-T question.
M r. JOHNSON. 1 understand that; but 1 was
about to say that the difference between the hon-
orable member and myself and those who think
with me is whether the fugitive clause embraces
slave*. What said Mr. Justice Story in the nise
of Pi !£!•:>
Mi. SUMNER. Me said it did.
Mr. JOHNSON, I read from his opinion,
speaking for the whole com f, in the case of Pi igg
vs.The Commonwealth ofPennsylvama, ivpoi ted
in 16 Peters. 1 re.id from page 611, which my
honoiable friend can consult to-night. in the
Opinion the learned judge quotes the two clauses
of the Constitution in telation to fugitives ftom
justice and fugitives from labor, and then says:
"The la-t clause"—
That is, the clause in relation to fugitives from
labor—
u is that the true Interpietation whereof N dlieetly in judg-
ment bctorc Ili-torieallv, it i* well known thai the
object of the clause was to secure to the citizens of tin-
idlaveitoldin^ Slates the complex right ami title ot «nvm>«--
«hi[) hi then slaves, a-- pio|>eity, tu every .State m the tin ion
into which they imirht escape tiom the State vvheie they
Were held in servitude. The lull recognition of tins ui ht
and title was indispensable to the security of tins species
of propei ty jn all the -.laveholdini? States, and, indeed, was
so vital to the pip-ctv.Uion of their domestic intent-, and
Institutions that it cannot be doubted that it constituted a
fundamental article without the adoption of which the
Union could not have been foi med. Its ti uo design wa<* to
guard against the doctrines and principles pi ovalent in the
non-slaveholding fS tales by pi eventing them fiom in tei med-
dling with, or ob-tiueting, m abolishing the rights of the
owners of ■dures."
So much as to the meaning of the clause. Now,
the honorable member says that whatever may
have continued to be Mr. Justice Stoiy's opin-
ion in iclation to that question, lie nevei gave an
opinion, or did not mean to give an opinion, as to
the constitutionality of the act of 1793.
Mr. SUMNER. On the question of trial by
jury.
Mr. JOHNSON. All the questions that were
involved tu that case. Was that question in-
volved ' I quote from page 618:
'• Cut it 1ms been argued that the not of Congress Is u.i-
constitutional, because it does not fall wjthhi the scope of
any ot the enumerated powei.s of legislation confided to
tb.it body; and iheretoie it is. void.'5
Mr. .Tus'iee Story goes on to reply to that ob-
jection, ami then acid's—I read from page 620:
"The veiy act of 17'XL now under considetation,affords
tile uirM ewuchiMve pi oof that Congress has acted upon a
vrythfiertmt rule of inteipjeiaUou, <uid has supposed tjwt
fight a* well as tile duty of legislation on the< tihjuet<>f
fugitives from justicc and fugitive slaves was within the
s-cope of the constitutional authority conferred on the na-
tional Legislature."
He speaks of the silence of the Constitution in
regard to the particular mode in which fugitives
ftom justice might be recove^il, and says:
•'This very silence occasioned ^mnrra«<ments in enfor-
cing the right and dutyat an early period alter the adoption
of the Constitution,and produced a hesitation on the part
of the executive authority of Virginia to deliver up u fugi-
tive; from justice upon the demand of the executive of Penn-
sylvania, m the yeai 1791 ; and, as we historically know
fi om the message ot PreMdent Washington and the public
documents of that period, it was the immediate cause of
the passing of the act of i793, which designated the person
(the State'executive) upon whom the demand should be
made, and the mode and proofs upon and in which it should
he made. From that time down to the present hour not a
doubt lias beeti breathed upon the constitutionality of this
pair of the net."
Mr. SUMNER. That is clear; but I wish to
bring the Senator back to the single pointhore in
issue, whether the Supreme Court ot the United
States in the Prigg ease heard arguments in the
first place on the question of tnal by jury, and
secondly whether they decided that question.
Mr. JOHNSON, if they did not hear such
arguments and the suggestion did not occur to
themselves, it was only because at that time of
day nobody hud, I was about to say, the hardi-
hood to suggest such a proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. But itseemsthatimmediately
after giving tiie opinion in the case, the distin-
guished nmgistiate who gave it thought that the
objection was a very grave one, and said that
it was not considered or decided by the court;
thereafter he should regaid the question as an
open one.
Mr JOHNSON. He remained upon the bench
a good while afterwards; and even m relation to
the act of 1850 
Mr. SUMNER. He was not on the bench very
long after that decision. He died in 1845, and the
decision was in 1841, I think.
Mr. JOHNSON, ill 1842. lie was oil the bench
three years aftervvauls, and he never whispered
tliat to his colleagues. But the act of 1850, by the
unanimous decision of the Supreme Couit, Mr.
Justice McLean being upon the bench, and 1 think
Air. Justice Cui tis, was held to be constitutional,
and, a fortiori, they would have held that the act
of 1793 was constitutional.
A word more,and 1 have done. The honorable
member tells us that the word " persons,''as used
m the Constitution, clearly does not embrace
slaves, f ask the honorable member if he is per-
fectly certain of it.
Mr. SUMNER. In that clause, perfectly cer-
^Mr. JOHNSON. What is the use, then, of
lepeuhng the act of 1793 and the act of 1850, for
they use the words of the Constitution—nothing
else ?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate and the Supreme
Court would accept that interpretation, I should
have no disposition to repeal the statutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. But if the proposition is as
plain as that two and two make four, itis at least
barely possible to suppose that the Supreme Court
as n is now constituted and is about to be consti-
tuted would not hold it to be five. Whatever
Marshall may have done, whatever Story may
have done, whatever Curtis may have done, what-
ever McLean may have done, whatever Taney
may have done, 1 do not believe it can with any-
thing like plausibility be supposed that the court
as it is at present constituted wilt hold this prop-
osition to be so clearly unsound that the act of
1793 is unconstitutional, as they would hold to
be untrue the proposition that two and two did
not make five; and that is the honorable member's
illustration. He goes higher than that: he leaves
tins mundane sphere of earth and gets into the
skies, goes off to authority above us, and ventures
to aay that the opinion which he holds upon the
subject is as clear, as well defined, and as imper-
ative as anything to be found m the decalogue.
I suppose he thinks so 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator permit me ?
Tiin decalogue says u thou shalt not steal." Every
stave-master.steals the earnings of his slave. It
says u thou shalt not commit adultery." Every
slave-master either commits adultery with his
slave or sanctions it. It says(t thou shalt not covet
thy neighbor's wife." Every slave-master covets
his slave's wife, and all thathe possesses. There-
fore I say that slavery exists in perpetual viola-
tion of the decalogue, and that if you undertake
to support it you are guilty of a wrong as great
as if you openly violated the ten commandments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose it is barely pos-
sible that the Supreme Court know the decalogue
as well as the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, and particularly that portion of the court
which has been recently put there; and if it be
true that the decalogue, in the view of men who
are sworn to support the Constitution, abolishes
slavery and abolishes the fugitive slave act, we
do not want any other legislation than the deca-
logue.
Mr. President, there are some propositions—
and i say it with all respect to the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts—so plain that they can-
not be made plainer by argument.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 agree to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly, the decalogue says
you cannot steal; and the master steals Ihe ser-
vices ot the slave, the member says. If you go
to the South, they will put a different interpreta-
tion upon that decalogue. They will cry out at
the top of their voices, u The decalogue says 'thou
shalt not steal,' " and then they will point to those
who think with the Senator from Massachusetts
that it is right to take the slave from his master,
and they will say, " You offend against the deca-
logue; you steal."
Mr. SUMNER. These same men rebelled.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course they did; and
Massachusetts was very willing to lebel atone
time, and they had no slavery among them either,
that 1 know of. There is no knowing what they
would have done if the war had not been brought
to a termination in 1815. HisLory tells us that
some of them came here on a mission to Mr.
Madison, came here buoyant, hopefui.of success.
The news of the peace reached them, and they
went back bootless and crest-fallen. They con-
stituted , 1 know, only a portion of Massachusetts;
but however large a part they may have repre-
sented, that day has gone. Massachusetts now
stands as she stood in the days of the Revolution,
when she poured her blood out at Lexington, at
Concord, and at Bunker Hill. She has been in the
past no more given to a love of liberty, pure and
unadulterated, than she is at this moment; but I
think she has, to a certain extent, suffered that
iove of freedom to boil over, and at times to do
what has in some measure brought about this
rebellion. Not that it was her purpose, but
she has aided the traitors of the South, how-
ever few in number, to fan into a flume the public
mind, to cause them to forget the obligations that
they were under, and which the most of them
were sworn to suport; to stand by the Constitu-
tion during weal and woe, to remain with us,
trusting on either side, and on all sides, to the
authority of that Constitution, to preserve us a
happy and a united people; and I trust m God,
as i believe, that the time is now coming when
we shall be one people. This cause of ex-
citement; this cause which enabled these tiaitors
to fan into treason the public mind of the South,
removed, and we shall remain, until time shall be
no more, one and indivisible, with a Government
as free and as prosperous and as powerful as
God ever vouchsafed to man; but in the mean time
let us forget, if we can, the differences of opinion
which have existed between us, and put our
shoulders now to the wheel with which we are
endeavoring to crush down this vile, wicked, and
wholly unjustifiable rebellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. SHERMAN called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert at the end of the bill:
Except the act appioved Febmatv 2, 1793, entitled "An
act respecting fugitives from justice and persons escaping
from tiiG service of their inastcis."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Bnekalevv, Carltie. Oollamer, (Jownn,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, flnius, Henderson. Hen-
dricks, Howe,Johnson, Lane ot Indiana,McDougall, N"es-
niith, Powell, Riddle, Sault-bury, Shoinmn, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonj, Brown, Clark, Conness, Fe3-
i enden, Giimea, Hale, Uowaid,Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
