2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
War Department. It states that at " about five p, m. yes-
terday, Sheridan, perceiving a force of rebel cayalry at
Cold Harbor, (which proved to be Fitz Lee's division,) at-
tacked, ar>d after a hard fight, routed it, together with
Chngman's brigade of infantry, which came to Lee's sup-
port.
U-Siwridtt« remained in possession of the place. Ho re-
ported at dark that lie had a considerable number of prison-
ers, and that there were many rebel dead and wounded on
the lield. He was ordered to hold the position, and at ten
p. in. the sixth corps set out to occupy it.
" We have not yet heard fr6m Wright or Sheridan this
morning, and do not know whether the former has got his
troops tp their destination. Smith ifiust be close upon
Wright's column.
"This morning the enemy wag also moving a heavy
eofurim in the same direction. The order has just gene to
Warren to fall-upon their flank..
WU?.o  had a fight JaH evening near Hanover Court-
House wuh Young'* brigade of rebel cavaliy. lie routed
Young, killing and capturing many; but there has been a
good deal of artillery firing in that direction this morning.
" Warren reported last night that in his fight of Monday
afternoon near Bethesda JJhurch, Colonel Tyrrell, of the
thirteenth Virginia, and Colonel Willis, commanding In-
gram's brigade, (rebs,) were k Med,Ooionel Christian,ofthe
forty-ninth Pennsylvania, vva«? wounded and captured ; so
was the assistant adjutant general of Ramsey's brigade—
name not reported. Ton other commissioned officers were
captured and seventy privates. Sixty rebels were buried
on the field.
" In our center, Burnside reports his advanced line as
being tins morning within a mile and a lmlfof Mechanies-
viile."
TARUl? BILL.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. If the gentleman from New
York will yield me the floor, as it is but eight
minutes of the time for taking a recess, I will
move that the committee rise.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to Bay that I under-
stand there is no gentleman who desires to speak
upon the tariff bill except the gentleman from
New York who has the floor. The gentleman
will understand, therefore, that the evening ses-
sion will bo for the purpose of transacting busi-
ness.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Soiienck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to instructions, had the
Union generally under consideration,and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 494) to increase the du-
ties on' imports, and for other purposes, and had
eomo to no resolution thereon.
LAND UttANT TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. W1NDOM, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced n bill making an additional grant of land
to the Stall' of Minnesota, in alternate sections,
tn aid in the construction of railroads in the said
State; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. W ADd WORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution:
JletoU'ert, That the Clerk of tho Homo I id directed to nay
ojitof the comiiiKOnt fund of the llouw to Colonel J. VV.
Alclli'iirv the mileage of a member tor one tco-iim, ami the
monthly pay from the beginning of liiui mhsioii eo date, as
eraiipeiiMitton for contenting (lie seat of Hon. Qiokok H.
mn«.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend the reso-
lution so as to include Judge Birch.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as'amended, was then referred
to the Committee of Elections.
GOLD BILL.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 106, to prohibit certain sales of
gold and foreign exchange, with a view to mov-
ing an amendment, havirigit printed, and its fur-
ther consideration postponed to another day.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not object to the
printing of the amendment, but I do object to
taking the bill up out of its order.
The proposed amendment, by unanimous con-
sent, was ordered to be printed,
DISTRICT 01' COLUMBIA. BUSINESS,
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
to-morrow has been set apart for the considera-
tion of business relating to the District of Colum-
bia? but as the tariff bill will consume all of this
week, I move that that business be postponed till
the day after that fixed for reports from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
CARLISLE DOBLK.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
moved to take from the Speaker's table Senate
joint resolution No. 40, for the relief of Carlisle
Doble.
The motion was agreed tft.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
NAIIUM WARD.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to refer the claim of Na-
hum Ward back to the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
It now being half past four o'clock p. m., the
House took a recess until half past seven o'clock,
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House, at half past seven o'clock, p. m.,
resumed its session.
BANKRUPT BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the bankrupt bill, on which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] was entitled to
the floor.
TAIUFF BILL.
Air. GARFIELD moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the [louse resolve itaelfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state oftheUnion,
(Mr. Schenck in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question before
the committee was the tariff bill, on which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
it is quite impossible to say anything new on the
general principles involved in this bill. I think
if there is any subject of legislation that has been
exhausted it is this one. Not only in this coun-
try, but in every commercial nation of Europe,
the theories governing tariffs or of collecting du-
ties on imports have been the subject of mature
investigation, deliberation, and concern. Eng-
land especially has paid a great deal of attention
to these questions. In the debates of theTwenty-
Seventh Congress, when the tariff was under dis-
cussion, reference was made to the care with
which England always approached the consider-
ation of any proposed alteration or modification
of its tariff. So cautious is Parliament that Mr.
Hume, of the House of Commons, for the pur-
pose of gathering information bearing on the dif-
ferent interests to be affected by a tariff, instituted
a special committee for a thorough investigation
into all the interests, manufacturing,agricultural,
and commerce, to be affected. The information
then obtained wus used as a basis on which to
frame a judicious law. In this country until
within the last two years no attempt has been
made to make any alteration in a measure of this
character without proceeding with extraordinary
deliberation and care. Ever since the Federal
Government had authority to collect duties on
imports, which was given by the presentConsti-
tution, all the revenue, except what has been de'
rived from public lands, has been obtained from
this source. We have until within three years
supported theGovernmentaltogetherin this way.
We lxve built this Capitol and the costly Gov-
ernment structures throughout the country, borne
the expenses of the wars, that of 1812, the war
with Mexico, the Indian wars, the acquisitions of
territory, thepurchase of Louisiana and Florida,
the purchase from Mexico by which we acquired
California" and our Pacific possessions; arid the
other immense expenditures from 1788 down to
the present time have been procured' from a rev-
enue created in this way.
And hence, sir, in the consideration of the vari-
ous revenue bills which have from time to time
been adopted, the subject has commanded the
ablest intellects. As was said here to-day in the
debate upon this subject between the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that Calhoun upon
the one side and Webster upon the other (prob-
ably two of the greatest statesmen known to the
legislative history of this country) changed posi-
tions on the tariff question; inconsequence, doubt-
less; so far as Mr. Webster was concerned, of the
change of local influences and interests of his sec-
tion. When New England had her interest in
navigation and importations exclusively, she was
opposed to a high tariff because it was supposed
that it would restrict the commerce and trade of
that section. But when the manufacturing inter-
est predominated, her interest changed,and very
naturally the views of her public men changed.
I have no complaint to make of that. I repeat
that the very best intellects this country has ever
produced have fully exhausted all the principles
and theories that can be conceived or invented
with reference to this question. Therefore I as-
sert it is impossible to say anything new, it is im-
possible to advance a single original idea upon
this subject; and certainly 1 have not the temerity
to make the attempt.
But, sir, representing, as I do, a commercial
constituency, I have felt bound to say something
upon this subject, and I therefore have examined
with some degree of care the details of the bill
which is now before the committee for its action.
Bills of this character are either for protection or
fqr revenue. If for revenue and protection to-
gether, it is a very nice question of adjustment.
If the object be to derive income,and to so regu-
late the duty proposed to be imposed upon any
specific article to accomplish that object, the cal-
culation is nice, and requires practical ability,
information derived from men whose practical
professions and avocations give them peculiar
personal knowledge with reference to the article
upon which it is proposed to impose the duty.
If the object lie protection exclusively, there
again you require particular information. If you
want to protect home industry a variety of ques-
tions arises. It will not do to advocate any meas-
ure.thatis proposed to protect a particular branch
of industry, nor will it do to propose any meas-
ure that will in itself favor any particular section
of country at the expense of the other. Oilier
interests besides manufacturing have a right to
the care and protection of the Government, pro-
vided it is the legitimate function of the Govern-
ment to travel out of its way for the purpose of
protecting private interests or interfering with
them at all either to their advantage ordisadvant-
age,which I forone entirely disavow. But if your
object be protection, 1 contend that you must pro-
tect equally all branches of private interests; that
agriculture must not suffer in your efforts to pro-
tect manufactures; and that commerce and navi-
gation and the trading interests, mainly important
to this great country, and upon which we have
heretofore relied for our support and the develop-
ment of our great and varied resources, and which
have so far furfiished the entire revenue until this
war, should not be sacrificed for the purpose of
aiding the other two.
Therefore I repeat, that if you propose to pass
a bill of this character.it requires the utmost care
and calculation, and the most delicate adjustment
of the interests to be affected.
Is theobject prohibition ? Ithas been said here
by gentlemen, in the discussion of the various
bills of this character in this House during this
session, that it was desirable that the Government
should prohibit these extraordinary importations.
It has been argued here at times that the only
way to check the advancing price of gold was to
check the importation of foreign merchandise.
Associations of great magnitude, patronized by
high functionaries, are being formed now in this
country, having for their avowed object the cur-
tailment, by non-consumption, of some articles
which pay a heavy interest to your Government.
Therefore, sir, I repeat that in levying imposts,
there is not only the question of revenue to be
