1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
from New Hampshire himself, I think, stated
that even the fund appropriated for the payment
of the compensation and mileage of Senators had
been taken for certain contingentexpenses. Now,
sir, that payment is not made out of the contingent
fund. Thy compensation and mileage of Senators
are not paid out of the contingent fund at all; so
that in no case would that money be appropriated
to the payment of contingent expenses withouta
great, violation of law. 
I believe, sir, that the statement which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has just made is en-
tirely correct. It is m accordance with my own
view of the case, and I am very glad that he has
made it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not hear the state-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire. I
therefore do not know whether he callcd in ques-
tion my statement of yesterday or not.
Mr. CLARK. I did in one respect, if the Sen-
ator from Ohio will hear me. I think the Sena-
tor was wrong in the impression thatmighthave
been created in regard to the action of the Commit-
tee on ContingentExpenses, when he said that the
bilis were paid first, and then passed to thecommit-
teeforexaminationandapproval. If that were so,
as I stated at the time, it would make it appear
somewhat farcical that they should be paid first and
then approved. That is not so. Where there is
any doubt about the bills they arc passed to the
committee before they are paid; but where there
is no doubt, where they are clearly authorized by
law, they are paid first, and on an examination
of the accounts at the end of the quarter the
vouchers arc compared with the accounts; and
that probably is what the Senator referred to,
though what he said was calculated, perhaps, to
give a wrong impression. I can find no trace
where a biil by itself has been presented to the
committee for their examination and approval
after it has been paid, and I have examined very
thoroughly m regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not in my statement
yesterday design to call in question the conduct
of the Secretary of the Senate or of any officer of
the Senate. I simply wished to state the facts as
they appeared before the Committee on Finance;
and 1 will state again, so that there may be no
misunderstanding, that to explain this deficiency
the paying teller of the Secretary of the Senate
was called before the Committee on Finance and
.he did expressly say on examination that he paid
the accounts before they were examined by the
Committee on Contingent Expenses, and that he
paid them after the appropriation was exhausted.
He furnished us a written statement to show that
when he came into office there was a deficiency
in the contingent appropriation of nine thousand
and some hundred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He mentioned Mi .Rives\s
account. That was not examined by the com-
mittee at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. He showed that when he
came into office the contingent fund had been over-
drawn by some nine thousand and odd-hundred
dollars, and was now overdrawn over ten thou-
sand dollars. He said he had increased the de-
ficiency a little. We asked him then the distinct
question, " Out of what money did you pay this
sum? How could you pay money after the ap-
pi epilation was exhausted r" lie at once replied
that it was paid out of other appropriations that
were used temporarily for the purpose until the
deficiency was made up by subsequent appropri-
ation. Upon inquiry whether this was the prac-
tice, he stated that it was the practice not only of
his predecessor, but had been the practice for
years; that he had examined and informed him-
self on that subject. He seemed to be a very hon-
est and candid man,and he stated that he objected
to the paymentof these claims until he ascertained
that it had been the custom, and he simply fol-
lowed the custom.
I did not make the statement for the purpose of
calling m question his accuracy, because my im-
pressions of the paying teller were very favor-
able, nor the conduct of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, whose attention, I presume, has not been
called to it, but simply to show that it was neces-
sary toguaid by legislation this rather loose mode
of doing business.
Mr. CLARK. I was not calling the attention
of the Senate to it for the purpose of preventing
legislation. I desire that there should be legisla-
tion; but I want to say to the Senator from Ohio
that this morning I have been in conversation and
examination with the clerk, and he says he was
misunderstood by the Finance Committee on that
point. He did not mean so to be misunderstood,
and I can find only one instance where money
has been drawn from any fund but the appropri-
ate one.
But while I am up I will call the attention of
the Senate to another practice which I think is a
wrong one; and that is this: we appropriated
§42,790 67 for lithographing. The clerk, Mr.
Wagner, supposed that he had that fund on hand,
'but on going to the Department he found on exam-
ination that the fund was very nearly exhausted,
that $40,000 of it had been withdrawn, not by hirrJf
not by the Secretary of the Senate, but that the
ofilceisatthc Treasury Department had paid it
out upon the requisition of Mr. Defrees, the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, for lithographing.
The practice is wrong. I think it ought to go
through the office of the Secretary of the Senate;
else the Secretary of the Senate can never know
what his fund is. That was done withoutiiis
knowledge until the clerk went up there to see
how the fund was, and supposing he had that
fund, he found it was gone. That is clearly
wrong. We find the officers of the Senate very
ready indeed to comply with any suggestion made
by the committee in regard to any of these matters.
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FOOT. I move to take up Senate bill No.
43, relating to the duties of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, with a view to recommit it to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 43) relating to the office
of Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move that it be recommitted to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN piesented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, mostly ladies, pray iitg for an amend-
ment of the Constitution so that it shall not be
construed in favorof shivery; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Ed-
ward Williams, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas in favor of a grant of lands to that
State in heu of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sec-
tions sold for the benefit of ceitani Indian tribes;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I present a memorial of
the Chammer of Commerce of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, recommending the construction of a ship
canal around the Falls of Niagaia, on the Amer-
ican side; which 1 ask may be referied to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and be printed.
The memorial was so referred; and the motion
to print was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
I5ILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
120) to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate
trade and intei course with the Indian tribes, and
to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved June
30, 1834; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message' fiomthe Ilouseof Representatives, |
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that j
the Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled :
joint resolution (II. II. No. 30) tendering the :
thanks of Congress toMajoi General W. T. Slier- i
man; which was thereupon signed by the Vice ;
President. j
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON. '
Mr. HARDING. I move that the Senate post- !
pone all prior orders, and take up Senate bill
No. 24. _ ||
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. jj
24) granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid :|
in the construction of a military road from the j,
Dalles of Columbia river to a point at or near the
mouth of Owyhee river, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think L can save the
time of the Senate by the statement that the Com-*
mittee on Public Lands have amended the two
bills granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid
in the construction of wagon roads, so as to make
them conform to the bills of last year granting1
lands for similar purposes to the States of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin, putting in allthe safeguards
and restrictions that are to be found in those two
measures.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
grant to the State of Oregon, to aid in the con-
struction of a military wagon road from the Dalles
of Columbia river to a point on Snake river at or
near the mouth of Owyhee river, alternate sec-
tions of public land, designated by even numbers,
for three sections in width on each side of the road;
and if it shall appear that the United States have,
when the line or route of the road is definitely
fixed, sold any section or any part thereof so
granted, or that the right of preemption or home-
stead settlement has attached to the same, the
Secretary of the Interior is to set apart from the
public lands of the United States, as near to these
even sections as may be, so much land as shall be
equal to the lands the United States have sold, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the right of
homestead settlement or preemption has attached.
The lands thus granted and selected are to be
held by the State of Oregon for the purpose stated,
but the lands to be selected for, are in no case to
be more than fifteen miles from the road. All
lands heretofore reserved to the United States by
act of Congress, or other competent authority,
are to be reserved from the operation of the act,
except so far as it may be found necessary to
locate the route of the road through then, in
which case the right of way is granted. The
lands thus granted are to be disposed of by the
Legislature of the State for the purpose stated, and
for no other; and the road is to be and rcmam a
public highway for the use of the Government of
the United States, free from tolls or other charge
upon the transportation of any property, troops,
or mails of the United States. The road is to be
constiucted with such width, graduation, and
bridges as to permit of its regular use as a wagon
road, and in such other special manner as the
State of Oregon may pi escribe.
The first amendment of the Committee on Pub-
he Lands was in section one, line seven, after the
word " by," to strike out " even" and insert
" odd," so as to read, " alternatesections of pub-
lic land designated by odd numbers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight, after
the wuid " road" to stnke out:
Ami iti cjm; it shall appeal that the United States have,
when the Uric or loute <>( said >oad is definitely fUed, sold
any section or any part thei oof, gi anted as aioresaid, or that
the right of pieempuonorliomestead settlement has attached
to the same, then it shall bo the duty of* the Secretary of
the interior to set apart fiom the public lands of the United
States, a* near to said even sections as may be, so much
land as s-hall be equal to Mich lands a-, the Hinted States
have -old, or othei wim; appiopnafed, oi to which the right
of homestead settlement or pteeniption has attached ; which
planted and elected as aforesaid, shall be held by
the jst'atH of Oiegon for the puipo«rj afoiesaid: Prodded,
That hmdf to be selected tor and on aecounl thereof shall
in no ea e be more than fifteen miles from said road.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, '1'hat the lands hereby granted shall be exclu-
sively applied in the construction of said road,and shall be
dis-po.-ed of only as the work progresses, and the same thai}
be applied to no other purpose whatever.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section:
Sku. 4. Jhul be it further enacted. That the lands hereby
tiianted to -aid State shall he disposed of only in the follow-
ing inaimei. that 1-5 to ?ny: that a quantity of land, not ex-
ceed nip thii tysections, Jor s-aid load may be sold; and when
ihe Governoi of haul £tate -hail eertilv to the Secretary of
the Interior that any ten continuous miles of said road are
completed, then another quantity oi land hereby gianted,
not to exceed rhiity sections, may be sold; and so fioru
tune to time, until said road is completed; and if said road
is not completed within five jeais, no further sales shall be
made, and the land remaining unsold shall revert to the
United States.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate nsamended,
