1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1714
MohiII, Fomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment, to be the second and third sections
of the bill:
Snc. 2. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That no white inhab-
itant of the United States shall be arretted or unpiiboned,
or held toanswerfoi a capita! or otherwise infamous crime,
except in ca^e-s humus hi the land or naval forces or m the
militia when in actual service in time of war or public
danger, without due process of law.
Skc. 3. ^3/irf be it tui fher enacted, That no officer en-
gaged m the executive, legislative, or judicial department
of the Government of the United States, or holding any
■office or truht recognized in the Constitution of the United
Slates, and no peison in the militai or naval service of
tht' United States shall, without due proee-s of law, arrest
or imprison any white inhabitant ot the United States,
who is not or has not been, or shall not at the time of such
nrie!-t or impusonmeiit he engaged in levying war against
tiie United States, or m adhering to the enemies of the
United State*, giving them aid and comfort, nor aid, abet,
procme, or advisee the ^anie, e.xcept in eases aiislng in the
land or naval forces or in the militia when in actual ser-
vice in time of war or public danger; and any person as
jifoKwiud -o nuesnngoi linpu.-onmg or holding a& afore-
said. as-in this and the ^ccorni section of thNnctinentionrd,
oi aiding, abettm , or pincuring, or advis-ing the same, -dialI
be deemed guilty oi trinity, and upon conviction theieof in
any couit of competent jurisdiction shall he impusoned lot
a term not !<•-* than one nor more than five yais., and shall
pay a fine of not lis- than $1,000 not more than $5,UOO,
nnd shall he tot ever incapable of holding any ofiiee ot pub-
lic ttu-n under the Gov. rnnient of the United States.
Mr. President, I do not intend to make any
remarks on this proposed amendment; i content
myself with simply asking for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE, i move to amend the amendment
by striking oat the word "white" wherever it
occurs.
The amewdmentto theamendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
waie as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Miosis Buckcilew, Cathie, Cowan, Davis, flen-
diick-, MrDoug.ilI, Powell, Riddle, and SanKhury—0.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Doolittle, Fe^-enden, Fo>tei, Grimes, Hale, Harris, llow-
rud, llowe, Lane oi Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Mouill, Poinerov, Ramsey, Slieiman, Sprague, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey,
and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. For one, sir, I do not wisli
to cast a vote for this measure it) its present shape.
I had intended befote the debate closed, if it was
debated, to say something on the subject. I do
jiot design that now, and as the Senate have s^en
fit to amend the bill I cannot vote for it. At pres-
ent, therefore, I move that it lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion.
Mr. CONNESS. For what reason ?
Mr. SUMNER. For the reason that we get
something by this bill. I fee!—and let nie speak
frankly—I feel the degradation that has been
biought 
Mr. FOSTER. Is the motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
the bill on the table is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER.. 1 understood that motion to
be withdiawn.
Mr SAULSBURY. I cail the Senator to
older.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is not in order. Debate cannot be
indulged in.
Mr. CONNESS. I will withdraw the motion
if the Sen.not* fiom Massachusetts desires to de-
bate, but I cannot see any purpose in debating
this question fuither now 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not open to
debate even by the Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. I am not debating it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Very much like
it, m the opinion of the Chair.
[Mr. CONNESS. Then, air, I will cease, dc-
fei i mg to the Chair. The motion remains to lay
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WILSON. On thnt motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Can 1 say a word before the
vote is taken? ["No." "No.''J
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not without the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. Upon that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Rrown, Cowan, Davis, Foster, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougnli, Nccmith, Powell,
Ramsey, Riddle, and Van Winkle—13.
NAYS — Me.stns; Anthony, Buckalew, Carhle, Clark,
Collamer, Conness, Dixon, "Doohttle, Fes&endon, Giimes,
Hale, Harris, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Moigan, Moirill, Poiuoroy, Sauls-bury, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Wil-
ley, and Wilson—28.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California to
lay the bill upon the table, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered; and the Secretary
will call the roll.
The vote being taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays
31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cdihle, Conness, Davis,
flemh icks, Ncsmith, Powell, Riddle, arid Saulsbury—9.
NAYS—Mes>is. Anthony, Claik, Collamer, Cowan,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fest-vnden, Fo^tei,Grime*, Hale, Harris,
Henden-on, Howatd, Howe, Johii-on, Lane of Indiana,
Lam; of Kansas, MeDougdll, Morgan, Moirill, Pomeioy,
Ramsey, .Slieiman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck. Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—31.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. POWELL. Would it be in orderto move
to refer this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
cial y ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be m or-
der to move to commit it.
Mr. POWELL. Then I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
involves a constitutional question winch I think
ought to be passed upon by that committee before
the Senate votes upon it.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, and it was read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand as the bill now
stands it repeals only the act of 1850- 
Mr. SUMNER. We have not yet got to the
stage of the bill at which the title is amendable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
amending the title is not in order until after the
passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not about to move to
amend the title; that is not my object; gentlemen
are under a misapprehension. 1 understand, as
the bill now is, it repeals all the fugitive slave
acts, except that of 1793. ["Yes."] Then I
shall vote for it, because, as I never would have
voted for the fugitive slave act of 1850, I shall cer-
tainly vote for its repeal.
Air. FOSTER. I have a few remarks to make
upon this bill. I know it is late, and the Senate
is impatient, and 1 will not ask for an adjourn-
ment; I am willing to go on to-night, and would
prefer to do so. [" Oil, no !"]
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator will yield
the floor for that puipose I will move an adjourn-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Connecticut yield the floor?
Mr. FOSTER. I yield the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, *April 19, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal ofyesteiday was lead and appioved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. DAVIS, of NewYoik. By the advice of
my physician, J ask lor leave of absence for one
week from to-moriow.
There was no objection, and leave was granted
accordingly.
AGENT FOR KIOWAY AND OTHER INDIANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, recommend-
ing the appointment of an agent for the iuoway,
Apache, and Comanche Indians, and an appro-
priation for the same; which was referred to the
i
Committee of Ways and Means,, and ordered to
be printed. X
INDIAN AGENT AT GREEN BAY, WISCONSIN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the fnterior, recom-
mending an increase of the salary of the Indian
agent at Green Bay, Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means*
and ordered to be printed.
SURRENDER OF FORT PILLOW.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
House joint resolution No. 65*directing the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war to examine into
the recent attack on Fort Pillow, and to concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
There was no objection; and the amendment
of the Senate was read and concurred in, as fol-
lows:
Strikeoutall afterthe enacting clause, and In lieu thereof
insert the following:
That the joint committee on the conduct of the war fee,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into tin; truth of
the rumored slaughtei of the Union troop* after tlndr •sur-
render at the recent attack of the rebel forces upon Fort
Pillow, Tenne^ee; and also whether Fort Pillow could
have been sufficiently reinforced or evacuated, and If so,
why it wan not done; and that they report the facts to
Congress as soon as possible.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE TO VOTE.
The House, by unanimous consent, permitted
the following members to record their votes on
the bank bill: Mr. Davis of NewYork,and Mr.
Dumont, in the affirmative; and Messrs. Perrf,
Cof* roth, Steele of New Jersey, and Ancona,
in the negative.
GltANT OF LANDS TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. MclNDOE, by unanimous consent, moved
that the House take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 160, to grant lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in the State of
Wisconsin.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by-
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill of the House
(No. 301) to amend an act foi enrolling and calling
out the national forces so as to increase the rank,
pay, and emolument of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral, without amendment.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a joint resolution (H, R. No. 65)
directing the committee on the conduct of the war
to examine into the recent attack on Fort Pillow;
when the Speaker signed the same.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the Ho'use resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to take up and consider the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the
chair,) arid proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 405, to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes.
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the first read-
ing of the bill for information be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman,all thatl pro-
pose to do on the present occasion will be, after
some brief preliminary remarks, to make a plain
exposition of the bill before us, giving the rea-
sons for some new matter and for some changes
of the provisions of the original bill, and an es-
timate of the probable amount of revenue that
may be expected from it.
When the internal revenue bill of 1662 was
V'
