TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
have been seized, ot if J pay, say under protest,
J am denied the usual judicial remedies. I can-
not prove the correctness of ray invoice without
sending to a foreign port; the testimony is out of
the way. In the mean time weeks and months
elapse, and the period covered by the limit of time
ip this bill is passed.- .
I repeat that it is the first time it has been at-
tempted by Congress to pass an' act which sub-
stantially and in effeet virtually would prevent an
aggrieved party from seeking a judicial remedy.
, Again, jt 'will be recollected that in March, I
think it Was, Congress passed a resolution im-
posing an additional duty of fifty per cent, upon
all imported goods. Without any notice to the
importer, without any notice to this House, and
without notice, I believe, to some members of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the joint
resolution was precipitated upon the House, im-
mediately to take effect, imposing this large ad-
dition upon all duties under the existing law.
It was said to. be a necessary " war measure,"
and of course it became a law. It was defended
here on the. principle that the highwayman seeks
his prey on the road, " Your purse or your life."
But as extraordinary necessities may require a
resort to this extraordinary species of legislation,
I cannot complain. It only becomes necessary
for pie, ip reference to this bill, to refer to the fact.
, No>y, sir, under the. operation of that joint
resolution the merchants and importers in this
country every where have bonded their goods, so
far as practicable. Instead of paying the addi-
tional duty, or any duty imposed by the operation
of this law, they have preferred to put their goods
in bonded warehouses and hold tliein until the
expiration of the sixty days, the period for which
the joint resolution is operative, i.n the expecta-
tion that .this law may relieve them from these
extraordinary additional burdens. Well, sir,
they wiire right in doing that. In the vniious
tariff bill.s which heretofore have been passed in
this country there is not a single exception where
goods in bonded warehouses have not been pro-
tected. That lias been the policy of tins country
and ol'every other country as Car as 1 know. As
early as March, when a similar question
arose, the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. (Jhase,
issued a circular, reaching a case analogous to
this, in which he said:
" The same privilege will be exumUiHl to nil merclmii-
(list? iii public vtore, unclaimed on tin; I^t proximo, when
entered for consumption or warehousing in pur--uanee of
law j ami all merchandise i« warehouse itndo houd on the
1st proximo will be entitled to cutiyjor uitlidi an at ut rates
of uufy now erisling, or ij tke rota o) duty on /he mcrrhan-
dise aie lessened by the turijf of IbOMAe enhy thereof myy,
at the option ol *tlie importer or otvnet, be made at the
lesser rates."
Mr. Chairman, in this connection, as directly
pertinent to this question, I will read an extract
from tt letter which I received yesterday from the
very largest importing house in this country:
new york, May 31,1864.
Dear Sir: 1 take the liberty to address you in regard to
the. uuw'tnrlfl* pwfpo&cit U> tjo in operation alter July 1st
next. Under the present tai iff, wUU the fifty jn:r cent. ex-
tra duties {or two nioiiths*from April 30 la^r, a good many
goods are warehoused in the expectation that they eun he
withdrawn after July I, at the rau;* charged under ttie
expected tfirltl*. ' At httfstttueh privileue h.i> so far always
been given, whenever u tariff wa* altered, and a otau-e to
that effect been in the t'Uifi hill, tfojne parties,
however, pr tend that und«*r the law being made now,
such a privilege would not be granted, and that goods
being bonded between May 1 and July 1 would have to
pay the fifty p«r cent, extrci duties no matter when with-
diawn. As this would work 10 great di^adv&nwge to the
parties concerned, in (net would be imposinga line on par-
ties who are unlucky enough to have imported goods din-
ing these two mouth*, (-which mu^t ofnt-oe^Mty he the cam:
with almost every regular importing house.) f take the
libeity to <?aU yoyr attention to this matte.i and tiansiuit
you a circular.of the Sccietary of the Treasury of Maich
SU, 1861, the contents of Which if insertedin the new tariff
law will protect the interests of the importer.
Very respectfully,yours,
Hon. Fernando Woan^lVashington City.
Mr. Chairman, my object in these extracts is
for the purpose of calling attention to the fact that
in my opinion this bill carefully avoids protection
to bonded goods commg.in since its adoption of
the joint resolution. If I am right in this con-
struction of the nineteenth section, we should not
tolerate legislation of that character. At the
proper time it will be my duty to offeran amend-
ment that will remedy this omission.
Now, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding what I
have s&uiin reference to the interests of the im-
porter, I think I am justified in saying that, it is
stability of legislation that the importing interest
requires more than anything else. They want to
know upon what to depend. They want all laws
regulating the banking and commercial interests
of the country established permanently, so that
they may pursue their business with some reli-
ance on the future. It is impossible for any man
transacting any business of this character in this
country at this time under this species of legisla-
tion to tell anything about his interests or prop-
erty; ay, sir, or his life or liberty.
It is this instability of legislation and imbecil-
ity of administration that is destroying this great
and glorious country. Look at this House. Take
our proceedings on the gold question. Suddenly
one fine morning the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means rose and reported a bill au-
thorizing the Secretary of the treasury to sell
the gold on hand. It threw the city of New York
into a state of excitement, because what affects
gold affects not only the value of the Govern-
ment's irredeemable currency, but also the value
of all merchandise, labor, exchange, and directly
the importing interests of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. I dislike to interrupt the
gentleman from New York, but I must insist that
the discussion shall be confined to the pending
bill. The gold bill is not now before the House.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. It hasdirectcon-
nection with this question. After we discussed
that measure here one or two days the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means rose in
his place and asked that the bill should be recom-
mitted. Of course the House consented to it. ft
was* taken back into committee, and we were told
next day that the committeedisagreed entirely on
tho subject, and we thought we had heard the last
of it until my colleague, [Mr. Stbbbins,] who is
a member of that committee, suddenly reported
the bill again. The belief was that it would re-
serve in the sinking fund gold to pay the interest
on the public debt, but such was not the case.
The bill was foioed through under the pretext
that it was necessary to depress the price of gold.
Again, in reference to the joint lesolution in-
creasing the tariff to which 1 have icferred, I made
an effort to protect goods already imported andin
bonded warehouses. U was voted down at the
instance of the gentleman, but it was not a fort-
night afterwards when the Senate adopted the
proviso I had attempted to ingraft on the resolu-
tion, and it passed this House unanimously. It
is' vacillation like this, the continual change of
policy, that has characterized the legislation of
the countt y. It has been manifested in the pros-
ecution of the war, it has been manifested in the
execution of your laws,-and flagrantly and cor-
ruptly manifested m the various departments of
the Government for the last three years.
Mr. Chairman, i have no disposition in a de-
bate of this diameter to allude to political matters.
The session is near its close, and every moment
should be devoted to necessary business.
So far as I am personally concerned, 1 believe
I have occupied butasmall portion of the attention
of this House. I have rarely attempted to lutro-
duceany extraneous subjects whatever; but when
abillof this character, directly affecting the home
policy of the country, is proposed, when we are
asked to imse a revenue of §100,000,000 from my
constituents, when 1 at tempt to show that by your
wiong legislation and by your extiavagant policy
measures of this kind become necessary, I am told
it is necessary for me to confine the discussion to
the bill immediately under consideration. The bill
is to be discussed by details under the minute rule,
and I had supposed that this anticipatory debate
was to deal with the geneial principles and ques-
tions appertaining to the bill m us general char-
acter and features. It would be legitimate to dis-
cuss the war upon this bill, because but for this
war this bill would not be here. It would be legiti-
mate to discuss the conduct of this war, the weak-
ness and folly with which the war has been pros-
ecuted, and the popularerrors pervading the land,
affecting not only this country, but liberty through-
out the civiiizcd world.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am earnestly desirous that this
bill, if it be necessary for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment, may be rectified of its various and mani-
fest errors. If we are to have a revenue 1 want
all interests to contribute. I do not want the
agricultural interests of the country to pay nil the
taxes, or to pay any more than other interests
pay. I want duties imposed for revenue and not
for protection at all. I believe the manufacturers
of this country can protect themselves; I believe
that circumstances alone will protect them; I be-
lieve cotton manufacturers are amassing fortunes
upon fortunes out of this war, and I do not be-
lieve it is necessary for the Government to in-
terfere in their behalf, and add to the immense
wealth they have accumulated during the last few
years.
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, desiroug that the im-
perfections of this bill may be amended, and hop-
ing that the gentlemen who have charge of it will,
at the proper time, upon the different sections as
they come up, lend an ear to any suggestions we
may make,and desirous,personally, to contribute
my feeble aid toward the perfection of a judicious
measure, which shall be just and proper not only
to the Government but to all the interests to be
affected by it, I am very sure it will give me pleas-
ure to vote for it if it shall be so framed and
amended as to meet the approbation of my judg-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to make a
speech, nor did I design to make any remarks;
but I have a word or twoto say, suggested by the
remarks made by the gentleman from New York
who has just taken his seat. He has asked sev-
eral times what this tariff was designed for. In
my judgment it was designed for two things: to
raise a revenue and to protect domestic industry.
If it fails in either of those objects, it fails in its
legitimate purpose.
Mr. Chairman, we are bound to put upon the
people large burdens if we intend to carry on this
war and pay the expenses of it. This Congress
has that unpleasant duty assigned to it. Those
burdens are to be placed in the shape of excises—
which you may call direct taxes upon personal
properly—and duties upon imports laid for the
same purpose of raising revenue and paying ex-
penses. At the present time about three hundred
millions are required, and at a future time no
doubt more will be required. In some way that
has to 1)0 raised; and I pray gentlemen Who can
easier find fault than correct an error—gentlemen
who can easier pull down than build up—to tell
us how this is to be raised; to tell us where it is
to come from; or to say frankly that they do no.t
wisli it to come from any quarter, because they
do not wish to sustain the Government. Let
them tell us one or the other of these things. If
they are for sustaining the Government, for car-
rying on the war, and discharging the public ob-
ligations, let them tell us how to do it if they find
fault with our system of taxation, by internal
taxes upon foreign importations. 1 know of no
other way.
The burden of internal taxes which are to be
laid upon the people will, in any event, be more
than two thirds of the whole. It wilt be three
fourths of the whole; for every dollar that we
raise by imports we shall raise three dollars by
excise. Now, how are you to raise your income?
Under your internal revenue law there are various
small sources from which you derive some reve-
nue, but, according to my estimation, more than
two thirds of the whole is to be raised from the
manufactures of the country. And when gentle-
men know that two thiids of this vast amount
requited to sustain the Gevernment is to be a bur-
den upon the manufacturing interests, will they
senously complain of that protection which we
give to those people for the purpose of enabling
them to carry on their business? If you do not
protect these interests it would be impossible to
raise these large sums. They could not pay
them, for their establishments would go down,
and that large revenue under the internal tax law,
amounting, as I understand it will, to the sum of
$150,000,000, will be lost. And yet I hear gen-
tlemen across the way complaining that the dye-
stuffs which are used in Massachusetts—and it
is because they are used in Massachusetts, and
she has been guilty of the unpardonable sin of
being from the first, and consistently, a supporter
of universal liberty, so odious to gentlemen on
the other side of the House—are not subject to a
prohibitory tax, or so burdened that the manu-
factures must necessarily go down.
The gentlemen opposite complain that this bill
is "crude and defective." I have heard these
words'crude and defective" usbd in regard to
