1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQm>
it costs nearly twice as much as it does here to
collect a similar tax.
The duties have been largely increased by in-
creasing the rates of duty and by adding new ob-
jects of taxation. Among those increased will
be found manufactures, upon which it is proposed
to levy a duty of five per cent, in lieu of three.
It is believed there will be general assent to this
proposition. It is a tax which distiibutes itself
widely, and, while the manufacturer obtains war
prices for his products, it works no evil to him.
With the tariff adjusted upon foreign productions
so as to leave no greater competition from abroad
than such as existed prior to the tax, the manu-
facturer suffers no hardship except that which
arises from the diminished consumption inoKi-
sequenceofhigher prices, and that must be charged
to the necessities of the country. The amountof
revenue which will be derived from this source,
under all heads, will probably exceed the entire
revenue now derived from imposts.
It is also proposed to enlarge the scope and rates
of stamp duties.
Upon incomes the duty has been raised from
three to five per cent., and with no differential
rates, whatever the amount; and the rale upon the
income derived from United States secutilies is
raised from one and a half to two and a half per
cent. This part of the act has been in part re-
written, and the mode and manner of estimating
the duty has been more definitely stated, as well
as the deductions which are to be allowed. If
all men were ready to come up to the golden
rule and this were the sole tax, it would be the
most just ever devised by the wit of man. It has
been thought expedient, therefore, that every man
should be teqiuied to renderan accountof his in-
come under the sanctions of an oath. In such
times as these it is to be hoped all may feel the
grip of honor not to give a return to which they
would not be willing to give an oath.
There are a few articles that have been singled
out for unequal and heavy taxation. The fact
that England raises a large revenue from spirits,
tobacco, and a few other articles, is often cited as
an example we might profitably copy. To so me ex-
tent this is true; but there are so many differences
of relative position that we cannot afford to fol-
low the example, except at a reasonable distance
behind. Great Britain is small in territory, sur-
rounded by water, and with few ports of entry.
This enables her to shield herself from all smug-
gling. For generations their people have been
accustomed to these heavy taxes, and they know
no other rule,and are content. In the case of to-
bacco, none is permuted to be cultivated there,
so that the duty is sure to be seized at the custom-
house. Their excise officers have narrow fields of
duty, and are exceedingly numerous and vigilant.
Our territory, on the contrary, is one of great
extent, with bays and rivers without number along
the sea-coast,and for many thousand miles on land
with only an imaginary boundary line. Ingress
and egress is almost unrestricted. The difficulty
of preventing illicit trade with us is many fold
greater than with Great Britain. Make the tempt-
ation sufficient and there arc plenty of rovers who
will, by sea and land, seek to put money in their
purse by the gainful trade of the smuggler. Our
Canadian frontier presents a wide field for such
operations, and it will, even with what we pro-
pose to do, require a reinforcement of the revenue
officers all along the line. Tobacco is raised in
every State. By our reciprocity treaty we are
obliged to receive all the tobacco of the growth of
the British American colonies free of duty. In
the past that has not been much, but the present
high price may bring itforth within the year. It
will be seen, therefore, that our path in this di-
rection is hedged about with difficulties. If the
requirements of the Canadian treasury should
induce their present Government, as it is not un-
likely, to advance the duties on spirituous liquors
there to the same point, or nearly that, which we
fix upon here, one article as liable to debauch the
smugglerasthe man who uses it,would be of equal
value on both sides of the line, and present no
temptations to illicit traffic. The Committee of i
Ways and Means have, therefore, upon a view of I
the subject in all its relations, proposed a duty on j
the ordinary spirits of the country, not of five per j
cent, ad valorem, as upon other aitides, but of
five hundred per cent, upon its average value, or
one half the rates charged in England. That is
to say, #1 from July to next January, and after
that $1 25 per gallon. This is a heavy duty, but
the country will hardly be satisfied wiih less.
Upon tobacco, after being manufactured, the
rates proposed aie thirty-five cents per pound for
fine-cut, and thirty cents per pound for plug, cav-
endish, and ail other descriptions, save smoking
tobacco made of stems, which is placed at tcu
cents per pound. Cigars and snuff are also charged
at much higher rates than heretofore. It is be-
lieved that with the new provisions in relation to
these articles we may now enforce the collection
of the duties, and thus protect the honest manu-
facturer by hunting down those who would live
by robbing the Government. If tobacco-raising
were confined to narrow limits, or if it were raised
so extensively that the Government could afford
to establish u warehouse in every district, county,
or town, then undoubtedly the duty could be
more effectually collected on tobacco in the leaf.
To do so now might cost the Government either
more than the tax,, or subject those who cultivate
it to so much inconvenience in carrying their to-
bacco to distant warehouses to be inspected and
assessed that they would abandon its culture.
Petroleum and coal oil have had along and pa-
tient examination, it is deemed certain that the
world affoids nothing so cheap for illuminating
purposes. Whether it is inexhaustible <>r not
time alone will reveal. In the oil region the pros-
pectors do not always succeed, and when they do
after boring several hundred feet into the earth
the petroleum bursts forth like the geysers in Ice-
land and then often soon tires of itssubterranean
labois, when a pump is applied to the well, and,
though n still yields something, the magic and
profit diminish and sometimes subside altogether.
When brought into use in 1859 the pioduct svas
about one million gallons. In 18G3-it reached lo
almost sixty million gallons, one half of which
was consumed in this country and the remainder
exported. There is some diversity of opinion
whether the dury should be levied on the crude
and no drawback allowed, or on the refined, or on
both with a drawback. As there is some doubt
about it the Committee of Ways and Means have
determined to propose a tax only upon the refined
as heretofore. This will be most acceptable to a
m ijoiity of all parties, will be most easily col-
lected of the refiners, and will not disturb ourex-
port trade, a matter of some importance while so
large importations of foreign goods are so eagerly
received and for which payment must be made.
Having doubled the duty on refined coal oil,an
increase upon gas companies and upon lard oil
has been made nearly in the same ratio.
Upon telegraphic dispatches it is proposed to
abolish stamps and to tax the gross receipts .of
the business, for the reason that stamp duties
upon dispatches cannot well be equitably rated,
nor is there any simple mode of detection whether
used or not. The war adds very greatly to the
profits of telegraph companies, and there is no
business which would appear better able to con-
Uibute a proper share of revenue.
While licenses have been further extended, ib
has not been so much for revenue as to fix and
locate the trade, business, or profession of all
parties, and to protect them respectively therein;
but the present bill is so general—embracing so
nearly everybody and everybody's wife—that it
will yield a large revenue even from licenses.
There has seemed to be some injustice m requir-
ing the same amount for the license of a banker
who employs a capital of only $*20,000 as of one
who employs $1,000,000,and we have, therefore,
proposed that they shall pay progressively in pro-
portion to the capital used or employed, including
banks of all descriptions as well as bankers. A
similar principle has been applied to wholesale
merchants. Those whose sales are large will be
required to pay more than those whose sales are
limited. It is true that the income tax at last
reaches the merchant as it does all other classes,
and if his sales and profits have been large, his
tax is in proportion; but a less fortunate neigh-
bor is hardly content to pay the same for a license
which covers a trade only ofone tenth or twentieth
part in compausofi. The man who occupies a
whole block—doing business in proportion—is,
therefore, dignified by a higher license titan one
who occupies a stall.
The principle, however, has not been carried
far enough to amount to a tax on sales, which is
easily and ofterT suggested,
considering, that it would obstruct J;hat commerce
which now passes through many hands in reach-
ing a market from a distant part of the country;
that it would concentrate all business into the
hands of large capitalists, who woyld become
importers or manufacturers, wholesale dealers,
jobbers, and retail dealers, all in one, while the
middle-men, unable to compete, would be crushed
.out of existence; that the consumer would find
,the cost of his goods increased; that the manu-
facturer in the .end would be. compelled to dimin-
ish his prices or diminish his sales; and that the
-Government would be unable to collect the duties
except from those who might choose to pay,, The
evils which would result from a tax on sales, if
the plan were to be adopted, taxing goods incut
pieces instead of by the bale or case, are serious,
and the advantages will not stand the test of a
critical examination.
It is proposed to tax the gross receipts of the-
aters, operas, circuses, and museums, but at the
moderate rate of one per ce,nt., as in most cases
they are vcntures,sometimes yielding no more than
expenses, and rarely more than five to ten percent,
after all bills are pwid. They are sources of amuse-
ment which, in times like these, are sure to be
more .liberally patronized by men of all nations
^\an in the " piping times of peace," and those
who manage them can well afford to "act well
their part," by placing something into the hands
of the Government under which they live, pros-
per, and win their fame.
, , The tax on railroads has been changed, redu-
cing that on passengers from three to two per cent.,
and placing that amount on the gross receipts,
including freight, but not without some reluctance,
as its tendency may, to some small extent, if arvy
advance should be indulged in the rates* dimin-
ish the transportation of certain kinds of freight
which it is desirable to increase. There are also
canals competing with railroads in several of the
States, but being owned by States it would nei-
ther be politic nor constitutional to attempt to
hold any partof their revenues. The Government
is forced to be a great patron of railroads, and their
business is large and profitable. Certainly this
immense business should yield up something, to
the support of the Union, and, if anything, npt
less than the amount proposed.
Among the most wonderful of all our resources,
considering the extent and rapidity of develop-
ment, are our minerals. The production of cop-
per, iron, gold, and silver is increasing daily in
amount As new mines aie discovered among
our mountains, armies of laborers go forth from
" peak to peak,"and after a few summer moons
behold Territories glittering with the,high ambi-
tion of becoming States of the Union, or States in
their teens eclipsing the accumulated culture and
wealth of ancient Commonwealths already crowd-
ed with the spoils of threescore years and ten. But
rich as is Michigan in copper, Pennsylvania ,in
iron, or California in gold, they are all immensely
richer in their untold products of the field. Any tax
on metals in their crude state, as pigs or ingots, or
until they reach a more advanced stage of manufac-
ture, would ordinarily be objectionable, as they are
in some sort the raw material from which manu-
factures are to be made; but now, while all thos'e
connected with such operations are undeniably
prosperous and would feel it a reproach up$n
their manhood to be excused from the draft, o.ur
country demands entire equality, and the pack
that is earned by every soldier must be borneh.y
ail as tax-payers. During the present war there
must be no drones and no exempts.
It is therefore proposed to largely increase the
duties upon iron, and to distribute it upon ^ie
earlier and later processes of manufacture. Oae
dollar upon pig metal, as it requires a ton an^a
half ta make a ton of bar iron, will be equa( to
§1 50 upon bar iron. This, with the duty of
§1 50 on blooms, slabs, or loops, will be equal to
§3 before reaching the form of bar iron,and then
there is to be $3 more, making it equivalent to $6
duty per ton on bar iron. In addition to this Uje
gross ton of 2,240 pounds is reduced to the net
ton of 2,000 pounds, which increases the tax
twelve per cent. Beyond this, a small increase
has been made on coal, of which three tons are
used in making a single ton of iron. So much
coal is now consumed by the United States in the
Navy and in founderies,so much is consumed as
