1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. G&GBB.
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference ivith Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
schemcs be open violence.or secret plots; whether they
use the bayonet or the ballot to cffectuate their tumorous
puipoMis. Suppose a State, yesteiday loyal,to-day passes
an ordinance of accession, 01 declares itseifneutrai and in-
different between tile contending paities, and proceeds by
its de facto Legislating to legist the authority of the Gov-
ernment by open force, by attempting to prevent the levy
of troops within it*, borders, or by attemptingto prevent the
passage of the Union troops across its tenitory; who will
contend tnat it would not be the rigiit and duty of the com-
mander on the spot at once todisperse or arrest the Legis-
late, to lay the State under martial law, and place in
confinement every person found aiding the disloyal move-
ment, or justly suspected of so doing?
"And it is impossible to see any distinction in principle
between such a case and the case of disloyal voters, who
at the polls "attempt by their ballots to do the same thing.
In either ease hostility to the Government and a desire for
its overthrow stand as the sufficient reason for the prevent-
ive intei ference ot the military arm. Not to use it on proper
occasions i< to expose to destruction the Government it-
self, and the liberties and lights it guards. It is the in-
alienable. duty of self-defense."
Sir, I still stand by this doctrine thus laid down
in the report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. 1 hold that these persons whose hearts are
against their Government, who are willing that
the Government should be destroyed—and I go
as far as to declare that those who are unwilling
in such a crisis as this to come to the support of
the Government and render it their aid,and even
those who affect to occupy a position of mere in-
difference toward it, are also within the category
of enemies of their country—ought not, in jus-
tice, to be suffered to.go to the polls. There
must be a distinction somewhere, in this war, be-
tween enemies and friends. A friend is the man
whose heart is attached to the Government and
who is willing, according to his means, to do
something to uphold it. He is not the only en-
emy who takes up arms or furnishes supplies to
those in arms, but who looks upon this struggle
with indifference, whose heart has no pulsation
in favor of the cause, but who is ready whenever
an occasion presents itself to go over and join
the rebels, or to* welcome them when they come
as invaders into our midst.
In all foreign wars it is the right of each belli-
gerent to place in confinement or to expel beyond
its limits all the subjects of the adversary who
may be found within its borders. This is one of
the elementary principles in the laws of war; a
power which is almost always exercised. Why
are we to deny ourselves the exercise of that ne-
cessary means of crippling the enemy; to deny to
ourselves the power of confining rebels in " Cas-
tries ?"—for that is the opprobrious epithet given to
every prison that contains domestic rebels arrested
among us. Why are we to be deprived of this
power in thisstrugglc—a power that has been ex-
ercised by all other nations, by all other belliger-
ents, from the dawn of history? It is substan-
tially the same power 1 now claim for our own
Government.
The Senator tells us that the military author-
ities have no right whatever to interfere in a State
election; and if I understood him rightly he went
so far as to declare that every person who is not
prohibited by the laws of the State itself from vot
ing has a right to vote,and that the United States
have no authority to intervene for the purpose of
preventing it, although he may be a rebel, stained
from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet
with the blood of loyal men. I am about to quote
an authority which will perhaps have some weight
with that Senator, I believe the first example of
such interference in a State election was set by
General McClellan while commander of the army
of the Potomac. In response to a letter of le-
quest, addressed to him by Governor Hicks of
Maryland, dated October 26, 1861, he issued the
following order:
Headquarters Army of the Potomac,
Washington, October 29, IdGl.
General: Theie Is? an apptehension among Union citi-
zens in many parts of Maryland of an attempt at inteifei-
ence with then rights of suffrage by disunion citi/-eii" on
the occasion of the election to take place on the 6th of No-
vember next.
In ouler to pievent this the major general commanding
ducets Ui.it \>m send detachments of a sufficient nnmbei
of men to the different points in jour vicinity win fc the
eleciion- ate to he held to protect the Union voters, and to
see that no disunionists are allowed to intimidate them, or
in any way to inteifere with theii ii !its.
Maik the language that follows:
lie also deques you to aruM and hold in continent' nf, till
affei the election «tl| di-umoni.-'ts who are Known lo hive
utuuied ironi Vn^ nia iccenUy, anil <cAj thoo> IhenncU-ea
at (he polls, and to guard effectually against any invasion
of the peace and ordei of the election. For the purpose of
carrying out these instructions you are authorized to sus-
pend the habeas corpus- Genera! Stone has received sim-
ilar instructions to these. You will please confer with htm
as to the particular points that each shall take the control of.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
It. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.
Major General N. P. Banks, Commanding Division, Muddy
jBranch} Maryland.
Many persons to whom that order would ap-
ply had been engaged actively in the rebellion,
but being nevertheless citizens of Maryland, on
returning to that State would, under her then
existing laws, be entitled to vote as possessing the
qualifications prescribed by the constitution and
laws of the State; and yet General McClellan,
very properly as i think, issued an order for the
arrest and confinement of all such persons who
should go to the polls. The object of the order
was not only to arrest such peisons, but actually
to prevent their voting although possessing the
statutory qualifications.
If this power exists in the Government of the
United States in any of its departments, in time
of war, then no State can interfere with its exer-
cise, but the citizens of the State must submit to
it as to the exercise of any other Federal power,
because it acts upon those citizens as individuals.
In short, if the Government have this tutelary au-
thority, if they have the right to treat rebels or
rebel sympathizers, or those who aid and abet the
rebellion, as enemies, as they undoubtedly have,
then they may use it through the military armor
any other instrumentality to which they see fit to
resort. They may thus prevent those enemies
from exercisingany of therightsof citizens in the
State. For tins we have at least the sanction of
General McClellan—certainly, with a certain por-
tion of the members of this body, a high author-
ity; and I am very happy to be able for once to
concur fully in the opinions of the general. The
power is thus, as we see, sanctioned by that dis-
tinguished military leader, the heir-apparent of
the Democratic party to the next Presidency, and
the promising help and support, I suppose, of the
cause of the Union as they would restore it. At
all events, it is sufficient for my purpose that I
have his complete sanction of the principle that
it is the right of the military arm to interfere in
State elections so far as to prevent traitors from
voting, although they may happen to possess the
formal qualifications of electors of the State. I
think lie was entirely right,and I am free to give
him that praise.
If we have that power, as General McClellan
agrees we have, then it belongs to us exclusively,
and the States have nothing to do but to permit
its exerefse. It is a power peculiarly pertaining
to the United States, and as much to be respected
and obeyed as the judicial power of the Govern-
ment. The two jurisdictions are here as separate
and distinct as in any other case. The States
have just as much right to trespass on any other
constitutional power belonging to the Government
as upon this. Sir, in my judgment, the case comes
clearly and distinctly within the principle laid
down by the Supreme Court of the United States
in the case of Booth, m which the decision of the
court was delivered by the present Chief Justice.
I will read an extract from that decision. The
court say:
•' And if theauthonty of a*State,in the form of a judicial
pioee-s,oj otherwise, «houId attempt to control the marshal
or other authorized officer or agent of the United States, in
any respect, in the « imody of his pi^oner, it would he his
duty to ieM*t it, .md lo call lo lin aid any force that might
bo nece-s.uy to maintain the authority of law ag.unst ille-
gal interlotence. No judicial proce.^s, whatevei fotm it
may a^uine, can have any lawful authority outride of the
limits of the juu-diction of the couit or judge hy whom it
is issued; and an attempt to enfoice it beyond these bound-
aries is nothing less, than lawless vi/dcnce.''—'21 llowutd's
Report*, p. 524.
And I say here, that whenever a military offi-
cer has issued an order for the purpose of keep-
ing tiaitors away from the polls, and the order is
regular in form, no State has in a time of rebel-
lion or rivil war any right to dispute or obstruct
its operation; and whenever the Governor of a
State, a judge of erection, or other State magis-
trate, u ndci takes to resist such an order, he brings
himself within the principle laid down by the
.Supreme Court, assorting that such interference
may bo lesistcri even by violence. It is nothing
moic n.oi less than tin*, that theauthonty of the
United States is supreme; and it rests with the
Senator from Kentucky and those who entertain
his views, to establish the principle that the Grpv-
ernment of the United States is npt supreme iri
the treatment of its enemies. The Senator has
not argued that question. He has assumed that
it is not. It is with him a mere petitio principii,
the assumption of the truth of a proposition that
remains to be proved. Let him by fair and candid <
argument, by reference to the books of authority,
show,-if he cap, that the Government of the United
States in the prosecution of a war is not supreme
and has no right to define and declare who are
enemies of the United States and who are friends.
He will find it a vain task; aind I indulge the
fancy that he will not be swift to undertake it.
Sir, the rebels on this subject hav;e been our in-
structors. They have found no constitutional
difficulty in treating persons within their limits
attached to the Government of the United States,
and acknowledging their allegiance to it as ene-
mies. Without scruple or hesitation they pro-
ceeded at an early day to enact a statute, now in
force among them, by which every Union man
born in a State still adhering to the Union is pro-
scribed and expelled from their territorial limits.
I take the liberty to read the act. The rebels find
fewer constitutional difiiculties than the Senator
from Kentucky seems to do:
"{An act respecting alien enemies,' approved August 8,
1861.
" Sec. 1. The congress of the confederate States of Amer-
ica do enact that, whenever there shall be war declaied be-
tween the confederate States and any foreign nation or Gov-
ernment. or any invasion or predatory incursion shall be
perpctiated, attempted, or threatened against the territoiy
of the confederate States by any foreign nation or Govern-
ment, and the president of the confederate States shalt
make public proclamation of the event, or the same shall
be proclaimed by act of congiess. all native citizens, den-
ize-nsor subjects of the hostile nation or Government, be-
ing males of fourteen years of age and upwards, and who
shall be within the confederate States and not citizens
thereof, shall be liable to be apprehended, restrained, or
secured, and removed as alien.enemies: ProvUlcd, That,
during the existing war, citizens of the United States re-
siding within the confederate States with intent to become
citizens tnereof, and who shall make a declaration of such
intention, in due form, and acknowledging the authority of
the government of the same, shall not become liable, as
aforesaid, nor shall the act extend to citizens of thcStates
of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, and the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the Territoaes of Arizona and New
Mexico,and the Indian territory south of Kansas, who shall
not be chargeable with actual hostility or other cumengainst
the public safety, and who shall acknowledge the authority
of the government of the confederate States.
" Sec. 2. The Fiesidentofthc confederate States shall be,
and is hereby, authorized by his proclamation ot other pub-
lic act, in a case of existing or dcclaied war, as aforesaid,
to provide for the removal of those who, not being permit-
ted to reside within the confedetate States shall refuse or
neglectto depart theiefrom; and to establish such regula-
tions in the piemises as the public safety ninyrequiie.
" Sec. 3. Immediately after the passage of this act the pres-
ident of the. confederate States shall, hy proclamation, re-
quire all citizens of the United States, being males ofiour-
teenyearsand upwaid, within the eonfedeiate States, and
adhering to the Government of the United States, and ac-
knowledging the authoiuy of the same, and not being citi-
zens of the confederate States, nor within the proviso of the
first section of this act, to depai t from the confederate States
within forty days fiom the date of such pioclamation ; and
such persons remaining within the confederate States after
that time shall become liable to be treated as alien enemies j
and in all cases of declared war, a* aforesaid, alien lesf dents
within the confederate States, who shall become liable as
enemies, as aforesaid, and who shall not be chaigeable
with actual hostility or other crimes against the public
safety, shall he allowed the time for the disposition of their
effects and departure, which may be stipulated hy any
treaty with such hostile nation or Government; and when
no such treaty may uvM, the President shall preset ihc such
time as may be consistent with the public safety, and ac-
cord with thedictates of humanity and national hospitality."
But, sir, the Senator from Kentucky has made
another novel discovery in the field of constitu-
tional law, to which i must be indulged in paying
some slight attention. He tells the Senate in his
speech on tins bill that the Government of the
United States has no right whatever to send troops
into any State unless it be at the request of tine
Legislature while in session, or of the Executive
when the Legislature cannot be convened; and
he is extremely earnest and confident on this
point. lie flatters himself that he has at length
discovered the great touchstone by which this
whole war is proved to be unconstitutional, and
u coercion" a tyranny and an outrage. This is
the first time in my piofes.sional life that I ever
heard it asserted by a gentleman professing to be
a judge of the principles of the Constitution, and
a good lawyer, that the right of the Governmeut
