1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the nece<3-
saiy costs and expenses of thu  transfer of books and papers,
and for the expense of procuring books to copy the entucs
and oulois above mentioned, and for the copying of said
lecord enures Iiom ttie original book into the new one, at
the same rafe ot compensation now allowed to clerks of
courts for copies fiom thHrrecords, the clerks of the district
cciutts shall be paid, out of any money in the Tieasury of
the United States not otheiwise appiopriated, upon the
ccitihcate of the judge of the district court.
&ec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the transcripts
thus made into a new book, after said booksliallhave been
certified by the clerk to be full and true copies iiom the
ongiiuil book, s-hall have thetsame force and effect as rec-
otds as the originals; and Unit the clerks of the ciicuit
court* afoiesaid shall be the custodians of the books and
papen franslened to their offices, and their certificate of a
transcript ol any of said books or papers shall be received
in evidence with the like effect as if made by the cleik of
the eouit in which the pioceedings weie had.
Sep. o. And be it further enacted* That the forms of the
ciicuit and di-tnct couits of the United States for said dis-
tuct of Wisconsin shall hereafter be held as follows: at
the city of .Milwaukee, in said district, on the second Mon-
day of April and the second Monday of September, and at
the city of Madron, in said district,on theflistMonday of
Jaun.uy in each year, te pectively. And all writs, process,
and pioceedmgs returnable to the terms of either of said
couit  as now fixed by law shall be deemed returnable, and
Khali be continued to the terms of said courts, respectively,
as fixed by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed. The
title was amended by adding the words, " and for
other purposes."
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, there was a
dispute between the United States and persons
who claimed to be owners of certain water-rights
in the Potomac, and it was agreed by the proper
authorities representing the Government to leave
it to arbitration. The arbitrators have rendered
an award. The arbitrators were Judge Curtis,
late of the Supreme Court, and four or live gen-
tlemen of admitted character. The Secretary of
the Interior tells us upon page 14 of his report
that he has not paid the amount of the award, be-
cause ho considered it very extravagant. I think
there were three plans and three different places
from which it was proposed to bring the water into
the District. One cost more and one costless than
the rest, and (he arbitrators awarded that the par-
ties should be entitled, if one was adopted, to a
certain sum, if the second'was adopted, to a cer-
tain other sum, and if the thiid was adopted, to
still another sum, and awarded for themselves as
a compensation I think $12,000. The terms of the
reference, as I understand, nuthoiized the arbi-
trators to fix their own compensation. I olTer
this resolution in order to get rid of the difficulty,
whatever it may be:
Rcsolred, Thai tin' Committee on the DMiiot of Colum-
bia inqime whether it ii not the duty ol the Secretary of the
Inteiior to jiayout of the existing appiopuation for the
coiiiph'tnui of the .iqw'duet toi Mipplvinj: the tJi^tiiet of
Columbia with water the amount including expenses 01
any and what p.irt of sueh awaid adjudged to he due to
ceitani patties by the awaid H'teired to m the report ot the
Secretaiy of the Jnteuor ot the 5th of December, lfc:t>3.
The Senate by unanimous consent proceeded
to considci the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by substituting the Committee on Finance in
place of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. it is a matter with which the Committee
on the District of Columbia has very little to do,
and in regard to which it is not very well in-
formed, and that is, whether certain fees should
lie paid, pretty large fees, as is alleged by the
Secrctaiy of the Interior, to arbitrators who have
been selected by the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. The member from Iowa per-
haps is mistaken as to the meaning of what the Sec-
retary says on the subject. He speaks of the en-
tire award—the amount awarded to the parties
who claim to be the proprietors, and the amount
awarded to the arbitrators themselves. I do not
see that the Committee on Finance have anything
to do with it. The money is m the Treasury,
and the question is whether it shall be paid out
oftheexistingappropriation. I thought itpioper
that the subject should go to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and more especially as
they have now before them I think a subject of
the same description relating to the aqueduct in
some way or other. Of course, however, I have
no Difference for one committee over the other.
Mr. GRIMES. According to the explanation
which the Senator from Maryland has made, I
misunderstood the reading of the report of the
Secretary of the Interior; but connected with this
subject is the payment of a large sum of money,
as Jl understand, to the persons who claim water-
rights in the Potomac river.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to trie that would
more properly go to the Committee on Finance
than to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia. I do not know the amount, but it is a very
large amount, as I have been told, and i would
rather that it should go to the committee who have
charge of the money affairs of this country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no preference as to
the committee; but I think the Committee on Fi-
nance have nothing to do with this matter. The
money is in the Treasury. You have appropri-
ated money for the purpose of completing this
improvement; and the Secretary refuses to pay
these claims out of that money, because he is of
opinion that the amount awarded in the aggre-
gate is too large. It may be or it may not be
true. I only propose that the Committee on the
District of Columbia, who have subjects con-
nected with it under examination, shall investi-
gate it.' I have no objection to the Committee on
Finance taking charge of it if they desire to do
so; but they probably havccnough todo already.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to this matter
being sent to the Committee on Finance. Wc on
that committee have enough to do in attending to
our proper duties without being obliged to look
into the affairs connected with the Washington
aqueduct. If wc had charge of everything re-
lating to money going out of the Treasury we
should have moietlum we could attend to. I do
not know but that there may be some legal ques-
tion connected with this matter, in which case it
should go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
substitute the Committee on Finance for the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The amendment was rejected.
The resolution was agreed to.
SIIEPIIKllD AND CALDWELL.
Mi*. HENDERSON, i move to take np Sen-
ate bill No. HO.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the hour has anived
for the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day is now in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say to the
Senator that 1 have tried for several mornings to
got this bill up; it is short, and bus been unani-
mously reported by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and I mu<d be out of the Senate
to-moirow morning. I should like to ha\o it taken
up this mornino*.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question on the motion of the Senator fiom
Missouri, if there be no objection. The Chan*
heai s none.
Themotiun wns agiccd to; and (lie bill (S, No.
110) for the relief of John II. Shephoi d and Wal-
ter fC. Caldwell, of Missouri, was considered as
m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask that the amend-
ment of the committee be simply lead, as it is a
substitute for the oilginal bill.
The VICE I3JU£SIDENT. With the consent
of the Senate that course will be followed. The
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the Po.^tma^ler General he instructed to allow and
pay to the sud Slifph'nd and Caldwell ,i!l mms of monev
remaining due and unpaid, and hereto!.>ie withheld by the
Poh Olhc1 J)epai nneiit, tot eairwng the mail* dm ins the
j \eaj< 1.-54 and J855 on lonre^. numheied 8bl8 and &cM9, in
i the State ot Mi--oim; ^aid payment- to be made foi the
tun'' dutim.' whieh f-eiviee ua>. actually peifonnerj on -aid
rout',-, at toe late ol <p >,100 pi r \ e,u on i utile iVo. fib IS, and
at the rate of .SI. 100 on lotue No. SMy, without making
any d< ilncnou on account ot the h mis.iI of said eontraetoi-,
to ent"i into n-iw contacts lor peitotming exlia M.vrviee,
or on ae'.ouet ot jelettmg the same. And the Po-tmaster
Genei a I is tin tin r m^-fi noted to pay to said coninic!or< any
j-um^ of money due them ior canyiny the mails on routes
numbued fccJOand in said  State, duung the jcar 
afoie-anl. and within Id b\ the Po-t OUk'e Depaitmuiit oa
account ol the reletting of' the two ioute.> first named.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. J should liketo hear tha
report read. It seems to me an ordinary claim.
The Secretary commenced to read the report,
and proceeded for some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdrawmy requestfor
the reading of it. I cannot understand it. ^sup-
pose the committee have examined it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading will
be dispensed with.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not had an opportunity
to read the bill through, but I believe there is no
definite sum fixed in the bill that is to be paid to
the parties for whose benefit it is to be passed,
but it is left discretionary with the Postmaster
General.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the amount is definitely fixed under the
bill. The parties carried the mail fiom July, 1854,
to about January 1, 1855, one route at $1,560 a
year, the other at $2,100. If the report had been
read a little further, the reason for this bill would
have been seen. After they sent the bids here
they found that they had made a mistake, and
they immediately wrote to the Department ask-
mg to withdraw the bids; but instead of having
them withdrawn they remained here and were
accepted; that is to say, they proposed to with-
draw that pait of their proposition to carry daily
mails instead of tri-weekly mails at a certain ad-
ditional sum. The bids were accepted for doing
tri-weekly service and they entered into contracts
to that effect, and having performed the service
for six months the Post Office Department then
sent to the parties to enter into an additional con-
tract for daily service. They refused to do that,
and gave up the routes. Then the Post Office
Department refused to pay them anything.
The lettcis were here withdrawing the bids be-
fore they weie opened. I hold that a man has a
perfect right to withdraw thebids when they have
not been acted on; unquestionably so. It was
the opinion unanimously of the Post Office Com-
mittee. But this money has been retained. It
is about half of §1,400 on one route, and half of
§2,100 on the other. I suppo.se that has been re-
tained, making $1,780, or in the neighborhood of
that sum, that was retained on these two routes.
They also had two other small routes. The Post
Oifice Department, in order to make up for the
amount that had been deducted for damages for
their refusing the daily service and reletting the
contiacts, deducted also what was due on the small
routes; and the bill provides that the amount
whieh was withheld on these small horse routes
shall also be paid. I suppose the whole amount
will vary between one thousand seven hundred,
and two thousand dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. I have some recollection of
this claim. I believe it has been here ever sinc<§
I have been here,and agood while longer. I think
it descend* d as an heiiloom to the Senator from
Missouri Irom his predecessor, (Mr. Green.)
l\Jr. HENDERSON. I do not think the ques-
tion has ever been hero in the Senate before. There
was a bill intioduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives to pay the claim, and it was neglected
there. It was unanimously reported by the Post
Office Committee theie and neglected. It never
ha« been in the Senate to my knowledge. I have
never heard of its being here before.
Mr. GRIMES. It is certainly my recollection
that it has been here.
Mr. HENDERSON. A different claim may
have been, but this claim, 1 think, has never been
in tins body before.
Mr. GRIMES. The main features of it were
like this, then.
Mi. HENDERSON, I know nothing of the
featities of that.
Mr. GRIMES. It strikes me that this is one
of the very class of claims that ought to be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims to adjudicate. We
reorganized the Court of Claims a year ago, and
gave them unlimited jurisdiction in cases of this
kind; and it was undeistood at that time, and,
indeed, expressly provided, that all questions of
damages glowing out of an express or an implied
contiact should go to thatcourt, where they could
bufaiily investigated according to the settled rules
in cases of this description. If we are going to
keep np the Court of Claims, if we are going to
be at the expense of paying five judges and three
attorneys to represent the Government there why
not send these claims there? It may be that two
