672-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
^>r three gentlemen here may be satisfied as to the
justness of this claim, but I am not satisfied my-
self from what I know of it, and from my recol-
lection of it, sufficiently to vote for it, although I
may be doing injustice to the claimants in this
6Hse by voting against it.
Mr. HENDERSON. You certainly would be.
' Mr. GRIMES. It ought to be referred to the
tribunal that Congress has established for the
parpose of adjudicating on precisely such cases
tts tnis. It has no business here.
T 'Mr.HENDERSON. The Senator is evidently
mistaken, and he has his mind prejudiced about
some other claim of which I have no knowledge
whatever. If there is any just claim now pend-
ing before either of these bodies or ever was pend -
ing before them, this is certainly one. I know
the circumstances perfectly well, and it is a claim
that ought long since to have been allowed and
paid. These gentlemen are two most excellent
farmers of my county, worthy, excellent gentle-
men, and men who really, I suppose, ought never
to have entered into business of this sort. They
made a mistake in making out their bid, and after
sending it here asked to withdraw it. Immedi-
ately thereafter contracts were entered into for
tri-weekly service, leaving out that part which
referred to daily service; the mistake had been
made in the bid for daily service simply. They
went on carrying the mail, supposing that that
part of the bid for which the contract was made
was the only part accepted. After having gone
on and done scrvice at an immense loss, as is well
known to myself, the Post Office Department re-
quired them to enter into new contracts to do daily
service; they refused,and then the whole amount
due them was retained. The Second Assistant
Postmaster General, Mr. McLellan,with this re-
port submitted to him, says in a letter that the
facts appear to be us stated in the report. If so,
■why send these parties to the Court of Claims ?
If the Government over owed anything on earth
it owes these men. It is a claim that ought to be
paid; it is but just to these parties, it is but just
to the Government, that it should be paid.
I iiope the Senate will pass the bill. The facts
were carefully examined by the Post Office Com-
mittee. No objection was made; no gentleman
made any objection to it whatever, if there is
anything m a committee's examining a claim this
is entirely correct. It is but a small claim, and
ought to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
-was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OK l'INKOl-LMENT ACT.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr^MePiiKiisoN, its Clerk,announced that the
House of Representatives insisted upon its amend-
ment to the bill of the Senate (No. 36) to amend
an act entitled "An act lor enrolling and calling
out the national foiees, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 186.% disagieed to by the,Sen-
ate, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and appointed Mr.
Robekt C. Scuenck of Ohio, Mr. Francis Kkr-
nan of New York, and Mr. Henky C. Deming
of Connecticut, managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 36) to amend an act entitled
u An act forcnrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1863; and,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Kcsolvedf That the Senate niMst upon its disagreement
to the amendment of tin- lloiw ot Representatives to the
said bill, unci agree to the eout'cienee asked by the lIotis.o
on the t!jva^ie<un<( votes of the two Houses theieon.
OrdeieJ, That the eonfetees on the pait ol the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Wil-
son, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Nksmith.
COLONIZATION IN TEXAS.
Die VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
now before the Senate is the unfinished business of
yesterday, being Senatejomt resolution No. 23, to
cquahze the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Massachusetts will not press that joint reso-
lution now.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator desires at this
hour to go on with a speech, of course I shall give
way to him; but as soon as he gets through I hope
to have permission to call up the joint resolution
and get it passed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There is a special
order for to-day, Senate bill No. 45, on which I
desire to speak. I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts is willing to have it taken up.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator; but that does not dispose of
the question before the Senate, which is the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, it will require a mo-
tion to do it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
45) to set apart a portion of the State of Texas for
the u§o of persons of African descent,was taken up
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, the
present war of slavery against freedom first
opened upon the plains of a State which 1 have
the honor in part to represent; there the black
flag of piracy was fiist displayed; for years the
relentless war of despotism against liberty was
waged with varied success, in disregard of the rules
of civilized warfare. As an American, I must
say, with profound humility and shame for my
country, this unnatural and malignant war had
the suppoit of two Administrations, which ex-
pended influence and treasure without stint to cor-
rupt the young settlements therein, and to fasten
the corroding leprosy of this baleful institution
on a free and independent people. In that con-
test against venial officials and a corrupt institu-
tion, we learned that slavery was " the sum of all
villanies.n And it was then we learned that the
colored man possessed the qualities of the soldier.
Guided by this experience, and the knowledge
thus obtained, immediately on the fall of Sumter j
1 commenced urging in public speeches and wai-
tings the necessity of an emancipation proclama-
tion and the arming of the blacks. I commenced
this work as a pioneer, confident that the public
sentiment of the country would finally indorse
the proposition. Even at thatoarly hour, in my in-
tercourse with the President of the United States,
I found him anxiously weighing the grave neces-
sities I was urging, and, with mind and will self-
poised, ready to huil these reserved forces on the
rebellion, at the juncture when public sentiment
in the loyal States would sustain the act; for it
must not be forgotten that sueh stupendous meas-
ures required a political and moral preparation in
the public mind to justify such stiides in the ad-
vance, else the whole fabric of northern society
might have been shaken by a counterrevolution.
Then* adoption required in advance the education
of the loyal people of the free States to the neces-
sity and wisdom of such measures. For genera-
tions the public mind had been taught to regard
hlavery as a thing sacied tu the several States
holding slaves; a thing too sacrcd to be ciiticised
or touched by the stranger; while behind this
blind of sacred right the traitor plotted his trea-
son at his leisure, planned bis schemes of rebel-
lion, and hatched the political brood of vipers
who have at last fastened on the fair form of our
Republic, trusting, by their devilish skill and
power, to strangle and slay the fairest form of
civil government the world has yet seen. It was,
therefore, no mean task to eradicate the teachings
of many years, and bring the public mind up to
the safe condition of support to measures sucn as
proposed in the proclamations of emancipation,
and arming the men of color in aid of those meas-
ures.
Here in this city, in April, 1861, after deliver-
ing a speech m favor of those two propositions, I
was notified by many friends if I insisted upon
it it would crush our party, and was warned that I
my life was in danger ftom the kmfe of the as- \
sassin. Even in my own State I was obliged to
keep from public view, for months, the first col-
ored troops we raised therein. And 1 here ex-
press the opinion that had either of these meas-
ures been adopted at that date, a counter revo-
lution would have been inaugurated in the house
of our own friends. It is well known to the
truly able Senator from Ohio that when the proc-
lamations were issued they came near throwing
into the hands of the opponents of the Govern-
ment the political power of the cotuitiy, which
at that date would have been equal to the with-
drawal of our armies from the field, the triumph
of the rebellion, the overthrow of liberty, thedis-
grace and ruin of her defenders, while the hopes
and liberal aspirations of earth's crushed millions
would have been extinguished for generations to
come; for the courts of Europe would have ac-
knowledged the confederacy, and rejoiced in the
decline of pure republicanism.
In my opinion, when the history of this Ad-
ministration comes to be written, the proudest
page therein will be the record of the fact that
Mr. Lincolnhad the self-possession,the wisdom,
and sagacity to restrain himself and friends from
issuing the emancipation proclamations and arm-
ing the blacks until public sentiment was well-
nigh ripe to sustain him. To have acted thus
before the 22d of September would have been to
have acted too soon. It would have impeiiled
the political power of the Government, a matter
we could not afford to lose then any more than
now.
Prom the establishment of this nation to the pres-
ent time, the hand of an all-wise Providence has
been seen in directing our destinies. In doingthis
He has always furnished proper instruments. In
founding the country He put forward a man of
singular ability in mind and body, a type of the
aristocratic age, to lead our armies and direct our
deliberations. In this, the second great struggle
for life and liberty, He has raised up in the econ-
omy of His providence a type of the republican
age, a man of the people, uniting prudence and
'firmness, wisdom and simplicity, integrity and
sagacity, generosity and elasticity of spirit, in a
singular degree, with that practical knowledge of
men and things which places him, head and shoul-
ders, above his peers for all the purposes of gov-
ernment. In the midst of such a storm, with him
as the pilot, the ship of State has thus far passed
through the breakeis which have threatened her
on either hand; and posterity will admit to his
honor that the most dangerous acta, and yet the
most beneficent of his Administration, were the
acts of September 22,1862, and January 1, 1863.
The proclamations of these dates are not valu-
able because they freed the slaves at the time of
their issue. They did no such thing. They
reached no slaves within the lines of the enemy;
and all the slaves of disloyal masters who were
within our lines were free under the law. The
country was complainhigfor lack of a policy, and
none were more loud in their complaints than the
Senator from Ohio. The proclamations were in-
tended to supply that want of the country—a
policy. -By following this policy we know that
this fearful, wasting struggle will result in a per-
manent peace, to us and those who come after
us; that the cause of the rebellion is to be forever
removed from the land, so that on the close of
the war, or soon after, the stars and stripes shall
float over the heads of none but freemen.
The proclamations of Fremont and Hunter
amounted to nothing, cxceptasindications of the
course of publicscntimontand the rapid ripening
of opinion. Ilad they not been modified they
would have been inoperative in freeing the slave.
As a matter of course they furnished no general
policy; they were but unauthorized efforts to do
out of place and time what their superiors were
carefully maturing and preparing to do at the
proper time. Let it not be forgotten that Mr.
Lincoln has had two great bodies of loyal men
to carry with him in all his war measures—the
party that elected him, and that which supported
Judge Douglasand Messrs. Bell and Everett. The
first has clamored for action in the direction of
the most radical measures. This I know, for I
have aided to swell that cry. The latter, follow-
ing reluctantly at first, actuated, not by party
zeal, but from a love of country and liberty, have
followed Mr. Lincoln's lead when he has not
gone too fast; and his wisdom and prudence have
been shown in not breaking with them by going
too fast, but in carrying them along with him and
his measures.
The policy controlling the conduct of the war
has been announced in the several proclamations
of the President, and has been accepted by the
loyal men of the country, together with that much
dreaded measure, the arming of the blacks. This
policy is being pressed forward with vigor and en-
ergy; and surely it is high time to arm our blacks
in the defense of republican liberty when the chief
imperialist, of Europe has dared to export from
