THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
til the war of 1812, on the pension roll at the rate of four
dalian* a impnth, said pension to begin on the 1st day of
January, 1881,/and to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. KERNAN. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be non-concurred in, so that the
whole subject may goto a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope that the gentleman's
motion tfiil not be adopted, but that on the con-
trary the amendment of the Senate will be con-
curred in.' It conforms to the uniform practice
of the Government up to within the last one or
two years, that of paying the pension from the
time the application was made, and not from the
time the injury occurred which is the foundation
of the pension. It seems to me to be safer to
pursue the old practice, which has been adhered
to for so many years, than to go back beyond the
period of the application.
Mr. KERNAN. Thegentleman from Indiana
correctly states the differencebetween the original
bill and the amendment of the Senate. Yet I
shall regret if it turns out that this widow will
only get a pension of four dollars a month from
the 1st of January, 1861. The papers sent to this
Huuse from the Pension Office show that the only
reason for rejecting her claim at that office was
that a captain, who is proved to have been an in-
temperate man,omitted to make someentry upon
the muster-roll. 1 was not before the committee,
and do not know all of the facts precisely, and
only take an interest in this bill because the widow
Jivt s in my district,
I want the case to go to a committee of confer-
ence for examination, and to see whether this
woman has not been entitled to tins pension for
some fifteen or twenty years. She is now sev-
enty years of age, and a pension in the future
would last but a few years. It may be that the
Senate will be willing to allow a pension back to
the tune that the application has been pending in
the Pension Office.
Mr. HOLM AN, When was the application
made for thin pension to the Pension Office?
Mi. KERN AN. I think that they would al-
low u for the time that the application has been
pending in the Pensi<*n Office. I have not ex-
amined it, but I am told that it has been therefor
eight or ten years. 1 have moved that it be re-
ferred toacommittee of conference, to see whether
it is not proper to allow her a pension for that
time. She is an ignorant woman, without, friends
to look after this matter; and i hope that the
amendment of the Senate will he non-concurred
in, so that she will get paid at least from the time
her application was pending in the Pension Of-
fice. If she had had friends to look after it she
would have had it long since.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If it
be in order I move that the hill and amendment
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
If the bill allows the pension to run back to 1812,
then u is different from what the committee in-
tended. Our rule always has been to make the
pension begin at the date of the application here.
Mr. KEKNAN. Is thegentleman a member
of that committee?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. 1 am,
and I want the bill to go there for examination.
Mr. KERN AN. I should prefer to have it go
to a committee of conference.
Mr. WASH tfURNi ofMassachusetts. It was
$ever the intention of the committee or the House
to have any pension run back to 1812, and there
must be some mistake here which 1 want cor-
rected.
Mr. HERRICK. There could be no mistake
before the committee on the subject. The bill
was prepared and a majority of the committee au-
thorized it to bo reported to the House. It was
reported to the House and passed.
My colleague [Mr. Kernan] has stated the
reason why this pension has not been paid before.
This man died in December, and his name appears
upon the muster-roll for January, and the Pension
Office refused to take parole evidence to override
that record. It was aftui wards proved by half a
dozen witnesses, who attended his funeral, that
the man died in December. If the fact had been
properly reported, the widow would have had her
pension long;ago.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that this bill came
irom the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
not, as he has supposed, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Then
I move that this bill be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, where it properly belongs.
Mr. HERRICK. It is not a pension for an
invalid.
Mr. PENTON. I merely wish to say that this
is a proper case for an invalid pension,and I hope
it will be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion to concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the resolution is pending
to refer the bill to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions I will withdraw the motion to concur, and
allow it to be referred.
The question was put on the motion to refer,
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion that
the House non-concur in the Senate amendment,
and ask a committee of conference, it was put
and agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF LAND SURVEYS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 28) explanatory of
the tenth section of an act to reduce the expenses
of the surveys and sale of the public lands in the
United States, approved May 30, 1862; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
SAILORS* LOSS OF CLOTHING.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. No. 35) to compensate
the sailors on the gunboat Baron de Kalb for loss
of clothing; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The resolution authorizes the proper account-
ing officers of theTieasury, in settling the accounts
of the petty officer?, seamen, sailora, and others
of the crew of the gunboat Baron de Kalb, to al-
low to each a sum not exceeding fifty dollars as
a remuneration for damage they may have sus-
tained in the loss of clothing by the destruction
of said vessel.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion, as I desire to
offer an amendment. ^
Mr. GARFIELD. Ofeourse I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the bill makes an appropriation, and can be con-
sidered in the House now only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object. I
want to hear the bill read.
Mr. lUCE,of Massachusetts. Thegentleman
will not object if ho understands what the bill is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not un-
derstand it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will explain it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objected, and the bill has gone to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I simply
asked to have the bill reported that I might know
what it is.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The amend-
ment I desire to offer is in the shape of a general
law to cover all cases like those embraced in the
Senate resolution. Since the breaking out of the
present rebellion there have been a great many in-
stances in which vessels have been lost in action
or in which they have been so far disabled as that
the officers and crew have lost their clothing and
personal effects. There is no provision of law
now which will allow the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of officers and
seamen on board of vessels in such cases, and
recourse must be had in all cases to a special act
of Congress. That would answer very well in
times of peace when there would be only occa-
sionally a loss of a vessel, but it is the opinion of
the Navy Department that in justice to all parties
interested in these losses there ought to be some
general law which will authorize the settlement
of their accounts, upon the proper evidence being
furnished to the proper accounting officers of the
Department that actual losses have been sus-
tained.
If the House will grant their indulgence so far
as to hear the substitute I propose read, I have
no doubt they will assent to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to any general bill upon this subject. 1 uo
not think there are many cases of this kind, and
they can be brought before Congress. I fear that
a general bill would lead to abuses, but I will not
object to the present bill being considered, if the
motion to substitute a general bill is not made.
No objection being made, the resolution was
considered in the House, and ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WARREN W. GREEN.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 217) for the relief of Warren
W.Green; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Warren W. Green the sum of $47 79,
being for his services on the Fort Kearney and
Honey Lake wagon road in the year 1857.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
GOLD SALES.
Bill of the Senate No. 106, to prohibit certain
sales of gold and foreign exchange.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope that by unanimous
consent that bill will be allowed to remain on the
Speaker's table. There are some amendments
which a colleague of mine 011 the Committee of
Ways and Means desires to offer, but he is not
here.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would suggest that this
bill be referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no ! I would rather that
we should pass it over informally.
Mr. PENDLETON. I think the Judiciary
Committee ought to examine a bill of so much
importance as this.
The SP.EAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who has the charge of
this bill, and who desires to offer some amend-
ments, is now absent from the House. If there
is no objection, therefore, the bill will be passed
over informally. The Chair hears 110 objection.,
LAND GRANT TO MINNESOTA.
Joint resolution (S. No. 17) relative to a cer-
tain grant of land for railroad purposes made to
the Territory of Minnesota in the year 1857 was
read a first and second time by its title, and re*
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
GARRET R. BARRY.
Joint resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of
Garret R. Barry, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, was read a fiist and second time by its
title.
Mr. HOLMAN. That bill seems to involve
the question of a great many claims. I think it
ought to have consideration in some committee.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was so
referred.
CLERKS IN UNITED STATES NAVY-YARDS.
Joint resolution (-S. No. 44) for the relief of
clerks at the Kittery and Philadelphia navy-yards
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DISCHARGE OF COAL-IIEAVERS.
An act (S. No. 236) to provide for granting an
honorable discharge to coal-heavers and firemen
in the naval service was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that that bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I appeal to the
gentleman to allow that bill to be put upon its
passage at once. It merely provides for putting
coal-heavers and firemen on the same footing as
