1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Interference with Elections—Mr. Howard.
Senate.
the vemotesl suspicion that he intended to reflect
upon me politically or as u. man.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator from
Maryland is quite rightin the supposition he has
expressed that I entertained no such intention.
Certainly there is no member in this body for
whom I have a higher esteem than for that hon-
orable gentleman, and none, surely, to whom I
would be more reluctant to do the slightest dis-
courtesy or injustice; and I am happy that my
remarks on that subject have given him an op-
portunity of ranking this explanation.
But, sir, to return to the speech of the Senator
from Kentucky. The Senator" starts with the
broad proposition that the evidence before the
Committee on Military Affairs to whom this bill
had been referred showed that the military had
interfered with the freedom of elections in Ken-
tucky and Maryland. He was vehement m his
denunciation ofthe report, because it stated that
from the information the committee had been able
to avail themselves of, the eviis proposed to be
remedied by the Senator's bill appeared to them
to be almost wholly imaginary. There is not,
I may remark here, in the report which has been
so severely denounced by the honorable Senator
a single statement denying that there may have
been some abuses in the employment of the mili-
tary forces at the polls, whether in Missouri,
Kentucky, Maryland, or Delaware. But, sir, 1
shall have more to say on this subject as I pro-
ceed. •
The Senator states that the committee think
the charge of disloyalty is a full answer to all ar-
guments that can be brought against the Admin-
istration ; in other words, that whenever any gen-
tleman here or elsewhere brings a well-founded
allegation against the mode in which the Govern-
ment is administered or against the executive of-
ficers, or Congress, it is a sufficient reply to turn
aiound upon him and say, " Why, sir, you are
a disloyalist." I hope, sir, I am not actuated by
any such miserable bigotry as is here imputed to
me; and i submit to the honorable Senator whether
it is entirely candid and fair and manful to tieat
the rcpou of the committee in this manner. That
report was drawn upas carefully and with as much
chcumspection as the materials which the com-
mittee had been able to get together would per-
mit. Ofcour.se, upon such a subject, it was not
only difficult but impossible to collect all the evi-
dence and all the facts bearing on the case, stretch-
ing as they did from Missouri into Delaware. The
committee can ask for themselves only this praise,
that they collected all the facts which were con-
veniently within theirreach,and have given them
such a construction and derived from them .such
results as arc sot foith m the repoit; and I think
those results and conclusions are fairly deducible
from the evidence before them.
The committee arc notto be held responsible for
anything which does notappear to have been be-
fore them in evidence; and 1 say again it is notto
me a satisfactory reply to our conclusions to say
that a charge of disloyalty is the habitual reply
to well-founded allegations against the Adminis-
tration. The Senator fjorn Kentucky, when he
shall rcconsider this whole subject, will discover
that in making thatrcmaik he was actuated more
by a zeal to uphold the interests of a party than by
any piinciple of patriotism or any respect for jus-
tice. The report of the committee stated that a
certain document had been laid before them by the
Senatorfiom Kentucky, purporting to be "an ad-
dress to the people and Congress of the United
States," by certain gentlemen signing themselves
a "committee on behalf of the Democratic party.'9
The report contains some comments on this sin-
gular pamphlet, and the Senator from Kentucky
charges that those comments are uncandid and
untrue
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
I will remind him that I said m my speech that I
did not intend tb charge the committee with any
willful misrepresentation, but that they were mis-
taken.
Mr. HOWARD. I am happy to accept the
explanation ofthe honorable Senator.
Mr. POWELL. That will be found in my
speech. I am making no explanation.
' Mr. HOWARD. [ am about to proceed to
show that the committee were not only not guilty
of any falsification or willful misstatement ofthe
evidence before them, but that they were guilty
ofnomistake. Whoever shall read the Senator's
speech will hardly rise from its perusal with the
impression that he did not intend to impute to the
committee willful misrepresentation, feut let us
examine the facts.
The report alleges that at the date of a certain
letter, which is included in the pamphlet, ad-
dressed to Mr. Wickliffe, of Kentucky, and dated
June 13, 1863, the business of recruiting blacks
in Kentucky was in active progress, and also in
various other slaveholding districts. The reply
which the honorable member makes to this state-
ment is, that at the date of that letter there was no
such thing as recruiting black soldiers progress-
ing in Kentucky. How the precise fact may
have been I am not able to say. I had always
understood, however, that the business of iccruit-
ing blacks had been going on in some degree in
Kentucky from about the date of the passage of
the act of 3862 authoiizing it. But whether it
wus progtessing in Kentucky at that precise time
or not is entirely immaterial, and can furnish no
just ground for the assertion that the committee
had misrepresented the factsof the case. The letter
itself, which was the subject of comment in that
report, admits that the Administration had then
already adopted the policy of recruitiug black
troops. This is admitted, and it is against that
policy that the letter is particularly denunciatory.
The writers of the letter used the following lan-
guage:
"We Itold "this rebellion utteily unjustifiable in its in-
ception, .uul a dissolution of the Union the gieutent of ca-
lamities.
" We would use all ju-a and eoi^titutiona! muans adapt-
ed to the suppiea-sion of the one and llie lestoution ol the
other."
Again they say:
" It is now obvious that, the fixed purpose of the Admin-
istration to aim the negroes of the South to make war
upon the whims, and we'liokl it to he the duty of the peo-
ple of Kentucky to enter ai;ainfet such a policy a solemn
and most emphatic piotest."
What is the plain implication from this lan-
guage addressed to Mr. Wickliffe, that the writers
hold the rebel lion unjustifiable " in its inception?"
Is it not tantamount to a declaration that although
in its inception the rebellion was utterly unjus-
tifiable, it had, nevertheless, become otherwise in
consequence ofthe acts of the Administration, and
particularly the act authorizing the lecruiting of
black troops? I can put upon it no other con-
struction. I cannot read it without deriving from
it the idea which certainly lurks in it, thatalthough
the rebellion was at first unjustifiable, still, inas-
much as the Government had resoi ted to the rais-
ing of black troops for the purpose of carrying
on the war, the rebellion had ceased to be unjus-
tifiable and had become justifiable. The Senator
from Kentucky with all his acumen will hardly
be able to give this language any other meaning.
But the letter contains a most solemn protect
against this measure. It admits that the rebellion
has become justifiable, and goes on, by way of
aggravation, to assert:
" Ttis now obvious that the fixed purpose of the Admsn-
istiation i« to arm the nejrioes ol the ^outh to make war
upon fhe whites?, ami we hold it to be the duty of the peo-
ple of Kentucky to entoi against such a policy a solemn anj
ino-t emphatic piotoat."
And still the Senator says that at the very time
the letter was written, at the very time tins sol-
emn protest was entered by these leading gentle-
men of Kentucky," there was no such thing in
Kentuckyasthe rccruitmgof black troops. May
I not then ask, what right had these gentlemen
while the alleged evil of recruiting of black tioops
did not exist in that State to make a solemn pio-
test against the Government carryingon that busi-
ness in any other portion of the United States?
What injury was it to Kentucky that the United
States were collecting together black troops in
Tennessee, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
Missouri, or any other portion of the United
States? What harm was itdomg to them ? They
were not losing their " property" in the shape |
either of en) is t men ts or consciiption ot their slaves. :
In whose interest but that of the rebels was this
solemn protest of the "committee on the part of
the Demociaticparty " put forth? Whathad loyal
Kentuekians to complain of? Plainly, nothing.
What, then, is ihe pith and point of the dec-
laration that the rebellion had bccome justifiable,
although unjustifiable in itsMnccption? be-
cause recruiting of black troops was going on in
Kentucky, but because it wasgoingon somewhere
else, and because these troops were ,to be used as
aids in suppressing the rebellion. Sir, this is an
audacious presumption on the part ofKentucky.
No, sir, I will not say Kentucky; I do not mean
the people of Kentucky; I mean the demagogues
who assume to be the leaders of the people of Ken-
tucky. What right have they to dictate to the
United States what troops they shall raise, or
where they shall raise them, or how e.mploy them,
solongasthe people ofKentucky are notaffected
by the proceeding?
Sir, it is a most arrogant assumption of the
right on the part of these soi-disant patriots and
Union men to dictate to the Government of the
United States what policy it shall pursue in car-
rying on the war. We are told by them, first,
" You must not carry on this war at all." The
Senator from Kentucky announces here that all
attempts at coercion are unconstitutional, that the
war itself is unconstitutional; and his friends in
Kentucky take up the refrain, say thesame thing,
and arrogantly tell us that if the United States
shall see fit to recruit black troops in Missouri, or
in Tennessee, or in Louisiana, the lebelhon at once
changes its character and becomes justifiable,
Kentucky is greatly injured, Kentucky has a
right to utter her most solemn and emphatic pro-
test. Sir, I have too much rcspect for the true
patriotism, the true manhood of Kentuekians, too
much respect for the past history of that gallant
State; as a citizen of Michigan I have too much
reverence for the memory of the ancient people
of Kentucky, who rescued the Territory of Michi-
gan from the grasp of the invader, and many of
whose bodies fallen in the struggle of 1812 now lie
interred almost at my own door, to behove that
there is one man out of five hundred among the
Unionists of the State who has the least sympa-
thy with this rebellious declaration of this self-
styled Democratic-committee. I believe the heart
of Kentucky and Kentuekians, if left to its own
impulses, is and will be true to the great cause
wo are defending, and that, if left to themselves,
the good people of that State would be first and
foremost in maintaining the Government of their
fathers.
Again, sir, in order to make the report of the
committee more odious, and, as it would seem, to
stigmatize the authoralmostas a falsifier, the Sen-
ator tells us that the committee have designedly
misdated the act ofKentucky of March 11,1862;
that in Older to justify their language, in which
they approve of the issuing of a proclamation by
Governor Robinson, some three months before
the election of 1863, calling upon the judges of
election to carry out the law of Kentucky, the
committee have post-dated the act by one year.
1 will not read from the specch of the Senator
from Kentucky to show with what peculiar bit-
terness he attacks the report upon this ground,
but simply ask his candid attention to the report
itself, and show how easily this anachronism in
the date of the act in conectcd. The actitsclf was
passed on the 11th of Match, 1862. The copyist
employed by the committee to transcribe it from
the documents referred to them, by a mere clerical
error changed the date from 1862 to j803; while
at the same time there is enough contained on the
face of the repoit to show the erroneous date. It
is a mere clerical ei lor of no importance; and yet
the Senator from Kentucky labored long to stig-
matize and" to render odious the lvpott itself and
even the authoi, undei the idea tiuu theie had been
a sort of forgery in the date of the act. This is
not fair treatment; it is not worthy of the occa-
sion or the subject,
Mr. POWELL. I will state, if the Senator will
permit me to do so, that the draughtsman of that
icpoit m the whole argument mustcei tainly have
been under the apprehension that that law was
passed in 1863, because he slates precisely and
distinctly m it that the law had been in force but
three months, and hence the necessity of the Gov-
ernor's proclamation; and in anoth< r pl.ee it is
Mated that it was .passed ovei G.uemoi Magof-
fin's head, and lie icsigned in 166'2.
Air. HOWARD. Certainly it do« s so state,
and this statement arises from an eivor of the
