674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
mountains, securing them from the inroads of
hostile Indians. Through Kansas or southwest-
ern Missouri and the Indian country, it can be
reached over the best natural roads in the world,
through friendly and sympathizing communities.
Prom Louisiana the way is direct by the Red
river or the Gulf. In respect to location no ter-
ritory on the face of the globe is more desirable
for the habitation of the black man.
Now permit me for a moment to refer to the
resources of this section and its natural adapta-
tion to the requirements of the colored man. First
and foremost,the climate is congenial to his nature;
the soil is universally arable, and produces boun-
tiful I y with moderate cultivation; the surface is
fine, deep prairie, yet supplied with timber ade-
quate to the wants of the settler, presenting no
obstacle to the opening up of farms. Such is the
dwelling-place to which your committee desire to
invite the emancipated colored man. It is believed
that the President of the United States, were lie
authorized,could, by pioper exertion on his part,
obtain title to the greater portion of this territory
on the most reasonable terms.
In tins'connection i call the attention of the
Senate to the following extracts from Brannan's
Texas, 1857, page 22, which the Committee on
Territories have appended to their report on this
bill:
"I have, for convenience, divided the State by certain
arbitrary designations, as follows, mimely, noithcrn coun-
ties, western counties, &c.
" Western Texaa is an extensive country, and has many
varieties o( soil and productions. Exceptingontho bottom-
lands of theuvci>>and wat«*r eom>c?<, the people tiro mostly
engaged in htnek-raising, many of them exclusively, and
others in connection with fanning. The region below 30°
and west of the itio Giamie is very subject to lung dt might*
durin  the t-ummcr; still Urn crop*ontho bottom-land sol-
dom fail,no portion is sickly, bat all is favorable Hi man and
beast. The principal gra-s on the piaines is the lai-tamod
mc>quit, deservedly renowned foi it.-, universal abund
fence and nntmious qualities. Durinjrall the winterscasou,
and alter it has become sore and yellow, cattle and Iioim-s
will eat itvvllli the sameavidtty and benefit as when «iccn.
Of late years large quantities have been etned and haled lni
distant market*. I would advice cmi«,'i ants who want tjood,
cheap lands, with plentyof mes(|iiitpiauic for stockiau^',
to puicha>e on the Nuiees, Uio Fiio, or some oi their
branches. Tin-, is a de-arable pait ol western Texas, and
lias as many natuial advantages as can bo asked by any
leasonahle man. Land sells noin .^1 aU to two dollais pet
acre. Tbutiinbei on tiiosttoams is pecan, hackbeity,sev-
eral kjnd.'j of oak. and umlbeny; on the pramesaie much
live-oak and mesqnit timber. There are many other por-
tion?* of the West wheie the laud is better adapted lor taising
cotton, but none that will so well -nit the emigrant ot
moderate capital, and (ill the measure ol his utmost expect-
ations and desues.
Of the upper portion of this territory Cordova
says, page 4(J:
"The valley of the Hio Grande is in the vicinity of 32°
north latitude, and foi one bundled miles is capable of sus-
taining a large and prosperous population. It pows line
wheat, com, fruits, and a vauety ot vegetables, nil of the best
quality, and is ptoverbial for producing excellent grapes,
from which a native wi ne of very good quality is made. Theie
ate between litteen and twenty thousand Americans and
Mexicans already in the ncigliboihood of Kl i'aso, and the
valley Is highl) cultivated fot many mile**, beautiful gar-
dens, with line api icots, peaches, plums, and vauous other
fruits, abounding "
In Moore's Description of Texas, page 8, lie
Buys:
4< In the western eountiies the praiiies are beautifully di-
versified with small groves of timber; most ot the piairies
of this level region, howevct, are cntnoly open, and re-
semble bioad grassy lakes. The soil of the prairies is io-
mai kably uniform in its character tluou^hout the whole
country, consisting geneially ot a black vegetable mold,
varying from four ineln^ to foui feet in depth, resting on
bed's ot sandy oi clayey loam. Tin* soil difi'ets but little
in fertility from the soil of the bottom-lands, and is coveted
with a dense mass of gt ass. aJlordiug an inexhaustible sup-
ply of pasturage to the cattle ot the southern planters. Theie
is probably no class of men upon the globe who can live
more independently or with less cute than the heid-men ol
Texas. Their hetds of cattle Iced out upon the prautc> or
in the wooded bottoms during the whole yeai, and requiie
almost as little attention as the wild deer." * * .v
" Many of the Texan farmers own sevei.il thousand head
of oatttc, and derive ftmn them a very large income.
Again, on page 13, he says:
{k The ordmarv ciop of eottouin the level and undulating
regions is from a bale to a bale and a half to the aetc; of
maize, from forty to sixty bushels; of potatoes, from foui
toeight bundled bushels. Two crops uf maize rind pota-
toes are frequently raised the sum1 year; both the common#
potato and yam, or sweet potato, thrive well." ■* *
* * The few attempts that have been made to cul-
tivate sugar, tobacco, and fcilk. prove thattlie-e pioduetions
can be raised with great facility, and will, within a shoit
period, b.'eome the staples of the country. It is found that
the sugar-cane attains a larger sir,e m Texas than in Lou-
isiana; and, as the. climate in milder, a larger portion ot the
plant matuies; consequently the pioduct of sugar to the
acre 13 cou«uU «ibJ> greater in the tormcr country."
Some of us, were it possible, would be glad to
set aside South Carolina or Florida as the future
home of the colored man. 1 have frequently gone
so far myself as to say that 1 hoped the time
would come when the footprint of the white man
should not be found on the soil of South Carolina.
But to-day we are deliberating for the good of the
colored man and the peace of future generations.
I think we can afford under presentcircumstances
to sacrifice all feeling to such a noble end.
We may slay all the male traitors of South
Carolina, and yet, at the close of the rebellion, to
their wives and children, being in occupation and
holding the fee of the land, amnesty and pardon
must necessarily extend. If we should succeed^
in settling the black man upon some portion of
those States he would be persecuted and op-
pressed so that hislife would be a burden to him-
self, and his title to his home held by an uncertain
tenure. Itisa well-founded presumption that the
slaveholder and the members of his family will
always hate the person who has been released
from their service against their consent, and will
continue to persecute him to the latestgeneration.
It is not possible to reeducate a whole popu-
lation like that of the South, or change their pre-
judices as to their former slaves. The idea ol
depopulating an entire State to make a place for
new inhabitants is not likely to gain much favor,
it is a question of morality whether it should be
done.
The same objections would hold in respect to
Florida as to South Carolina. In addition, its un-
settled sections are densely wooded, and a large
proportion of the territory is waste, untillable
land. The opening up of a farm would be a work
of lime and money. What we need for the im-
mediate necessities of tins people is a locality that
will come as near yielding a spontaneous support
as can be obtained, and especially one where the
herds of stock may support themselves all winlei
by glazing, aw well as during the summer months.
In Flotida settlements would he widely sepai ated
from necessity, but on the territory of the Uio
Giande they would be compact. In South Car-
olina, Florida, and the States once slave, the col-
ored people would be among those who would
despise them. On the territory of the Rio Grande
they wouid have fuendly Indiansupun the north-
east, and on the east Texas, which consulted, and
consenting in the settlement, would become their
friend and protector. On the west Mexico, whose
inhabitants would give the colored man a friendly
welcome, associate with him as an equal, and if
he desired it, would grant him the piivilege ofcit-
izenship. There would be marrying and giving
in marriage. The institution of matrimony would
be honored and respected among them. The blur
of illegitimacy would be forever wiped away from
their posterity. This people would stand before
the world arespcctedcommunityand an honored
Commonwealth.
Neither South Carolina nor Florida are adapted
to grazing, while the territory of the Rio Grande
is eminently so. If I may be allowed the expres-
sion, I wouid call it the elysium of stock. It you
had seen, as I have, during the months 1 was sta-
tioned there, the immense drovesofcattle, horses,
and sheep subsisting throughout the whole yeai,
troubling the ownei no moie than the wild deer,
you would acknowledge that my statements are
unexagge rated.
The subject of expense has been mooted by the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts. 1 re-
spectfully submit to him and to the Senate what
detriment is hkely to follow to the public Treas-
ury from vesting in the Governmenta title to land
the only claimants to large bodies of which will
be traitors. In doing this great act of justice to
the 'colored man the question of expense should
not be raised. Cut in my opinion, Mr. President,
the policy proposed, if adopted promptly and
heaitily, will, instead of a public burden, prove
highly remunerative to the country. In a few
yeum this territory of the It;o Grande would far
outstiip any State in this nation in the production
of sugur, cotton, lice, the other cetenls, and the
herds ofstock. A country teeming with such an
abundance of the prime essentials to human sus-
tenance would soon refund any amount paid by
the Government.
The chief portion of the expense of emigration
must be paid by the colored man himself. And
what greater incentive to industry and economy
can he have than the prospect of a removal to a
section which seems to me especially designed
by nature for his country and hts home ? If prop-
erly encouraged by the people and by Congress
he will not ask the hand of public or private charity
to pay the cost of his transportation thither. From
the day the well-assured hope of such a destina-
tion is held out to him will date those stimulating
efforts at elevation and culture which must pre-
cede the independence of his race.
The last .section of the bill under consideration
provides for placing the great work in the hands
of the commissioner of emigration. This gentle-
man has been engaged upon the subject for fifteen
or twenty years, laboring assiduously, and 1 be-
lieve with considerable success, in molding pub-
lic opinion to the absolute necessity of a separa-
tion of the two races. lie is a man of ability, of
integi ity, a Christian whose sympathies are with
the tace proposed to be benefited by the bill. Tn
my opinion, no one can be lound to whom the
important duty may be more safely intrusted.
This bill also provides for diverting the funds
already appropriated for colonization purposes
abroad to the present object. That fund was ori-
ginally $600,000. But little of it has been ex-
pended. It is believed that this amount will be
ample to carry out the provisions of this bill.
We devote immense tracts of land and millions
of money to a few thousand savages, who are not
producers in any sense, but - consumers of the
nation's wealth. It is true they have a claim
on us ns the original owners of the country; but
have the negroes no claim? Have not they and
their fathers for centuries toiled to build up our
country and our country's wealth without pay
or reward? I trust the Senate will now admit
this claim, and permit us to pay, by thispoorboon,
a debt which has accumulated through genera-
tions past.
The country set apart by the provisions of the
bill is to furnish homes to four million'civilized
beings, who in a few years will become extensive
producers, and I here venture to repeat the asser-
tion which I have made heretofore, that the terri-
tory of the Rio Grande, settled ns proposed, will
in a few years outstrip in the production of cotton
and sugar any of the old States, and will amply
remunerate us for any present outlay.
By the theory of the bill, the removal of our
colored people must needs be alow, as the move-
ment into their own country would be at their own
control. As they thus giadually withdraw, on
the close of the war and the establishment of
peace, their places will be surely supplied by the
numerous immigrantsfrom foreign lands, crowd-
ing in almost countless millions to our shores, and
thus* the much dreaded shock to the labor market
and the business of the country will be avoided.
I wish this point to engage the attention of the
Senate. Duiing the last decade the increase of
our population by foreign immigration alone has
been two million seven hundred and seven thou-
sand six hundred and l weiity-four persons, mostly
in the prime of life, and largely of the class that
supplies our labor, ai.d it is confidently believed
that this amount will be trebled during the decade
we are now in.. Nor would I be surprised to see
that number exceeded on the tendering of the next
census. It is likewise known to you that when
our Army comes to be disbanded, a sudden and
excessive supply of labor will be thrown upon the
country, more than will be necessary to fill up the
vacuum created by the migration of the blacks.
Such are the provisions of the bill and the policy
it foreshadows. The success of that policy of
course depends upon the crushing out of the re-
bellion, which we trust will soon be accomplished.
I have no doubt about the advantages thtit will
accrue to the political party to which 1 belong,
should it pass. It must occur to the mind of evei y
Senator thut it will icinove, at one stroke, one of
the iriitating elements which at times has dis-
tracted our own party and given political power
to our opponents.
1 have a higher opinion of the capabilities of
the African race than most of my countrymen.
Their servile relation has caused us to underrate
and undervalue them as a geneial rule; but what
are the facts'1 They are faithful, confiding, affec-
i| tionate, industrious, given to neatness, and gen-
>! (Tally religious, eminently domestic m their hab-
;j its, and strongly attached to their home. These
it qualities are sufficient guarantees that when ad-
