1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOJBJS.
im
to the attention of this House in connection with
those which demonstrate the wealth and pros-
perity of the United States,
The revenue derived from the .customs in—
1596 was  £50,000
1613 «     148,000
J 660 «   426.000
1689 "   782^000
1712 «   1,316,000
1763 "   3,000,000
1792 "   4.500,000
1815 "   11,400,000
1850 «  .  22,200,000
McCullough observes:
"'Notwithstanding tlie enormous and exorbitant duties
on tea and tobacco, no equal amount of revenue was ever
raised in any country for &uch a period of tune with so Utile
difficulty or inconvenience, and there are nogrouuda for
supposing that it could be so easily and advantageously
raised in any other way."
Here, then, we have presented to our view, in a
few short sentences, the rapid growth of the Brit-
ish revenue from customs. We discover, also,
the foundation of the British power and the origin
of the British national credit.
The sources of taxation for the United States,
under the provisions of the bill now before the
House, will be almost identically the same as
those enumerated in the British tax list. It is for
this House, after examining them both with care,
and after taking into view the relative power and
ability of the two nations, to state to the country
their judgment as to the vast ability of the United
States to perpetuate and preserve unimpaired un-
der any and all circumstances its public credit.
At the same time it will be their duty to demon-
strate to the world that a failure in our mighty
effort to preserve our national unity is utterly
impossible, save through the folly and the wick-
edness of domestic enemies here at homo. From
the excise, as shown in this bill, the United
States will derive an income on a large por-
tion of 88,000,000 gallons of spirits which at $1
and $1 25 per gallon, is greater than the sum de-
rived by England from her customs and her ex-
cise together on the same article. On other arti-
cles in this bill the United States will derive a
sum sufficiently large to overcome England's su-
periority in revenue from malt and hops, added
to the $10,000,000 designated in the list above as
"all other articles." Prom stamps, from land
and assessed taxes, from incomes, &c., &e., the
amount must be fully as large as that she derives
from those sources, and, in the judgment of the
Committee of Ways and Means, considerably
larger.
The article oftobaccoisa most lucrative source
of income through the customs to England. In
the United States, where it is produced in large
quantities, the tax on tobacco is collected through
theexcise. The crop in the United Sates for I860,
as shown by the census, was 429,000,000 pounds.
This of course embraced the production of the
southern States, which at that period was a large
proportion of the crop. The rapid increase in the
production of tobacco in all the free States and
Territories since the outbreak of the war, secures
on this article a large and satisfactory return
through the excise for the coming year.
I am assured by my distinguished colleague of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the member
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] whom I regard
as the very highest authority ou all subjects con-
nected with this question, that the number of
pounds subject to the tax of thirty cents will not
in his opinion be less than some seventy to eighty
million pounds, in which event the total revenue
from tobacco will exceed that of England from the
start, and will increase from year to year with the
increased production of the crop of the country.
The custom-house returns show weekly what
the existing tariff is producing. If there should
be no change in the policy of the country except
to increase the duties on imports,and not for the
purpose of prohibition, we shall draw from the
customs at least $100,000,000, or an amount within
a fraction as large as England derives from her
customs. Our customs and excise would then
produce to the country $300,000,000, oran amount
fully equal to one half of the outlay for the prose-
cution of the war.
The great object of the Committee of Ways and
Means lias been to frame a bill that shall produce
at least fiom two hundred and fifty to three hun-
dred million dollars. If it fails to accomplish this
object the labors of the committee will not have
been asuccess. A revenue of from two.hundred
and fifty to three hundred million dollars is indis-
pensable to the maintenance of the national credit,
and will be an efficient guarantee that that credit
will be triumphantly sustained. I think I have
made it clear that this sum of money can be paid
into the Treasury of the United States. ! think
it is equally clear that $300,000,000 can bemade
$400,000,000 without injury .to the interests of the
country or to its people. 'If the'attention of th%
people can be arrested and riveted for a sufficient
length of time to the limitless resources of the
country, no doubt can be entertained,as to our
ability, and no impediments will be interposed to
prevent the perfect reestablishment of the public
credit. To this wise and effective legislation will
come the aid of a system of currency just estab-
lished which is regarded by its framers as in all
respects satisfactory. The national currency plan
just passed by this House is in its essential feat-
ures the same as that so lately rejected.' I had
reason, as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to believe that the original bill in its
main features met the approbate > of the repre-
sentatives of the banking interest of the States
who assembled in Washington from all parts of
the country to watch its progress and furnish sug-
gestions dictated by their experience and famil-
iarity with the subject. This fact went so far to
satisfy my mind that 1 had determined to give the
bill my vote if my health allowed me to be pres-
ent at the final .action of the House. This pro-
ductive tax bill, taken in connection with & well
organized currency system, such as it is to be
hoped the currency bill will prove itself to be; a
system which is designed to limit expansion, to
supeisede the one which has always been pro-
ductive of commercial and financial evils, which
expands when wisdom and sound judgment de-
mand that it should contract, and contracts when
every practical understanding feels that it should
expand; which is responsible to no one, but acts
independently of every one; a system, I say,
which shall be so arranged as to meet these emer-
gencies, and the equally formidable emergencies
of the existing war, and be in a condition to steady
the national finances on the return of peace, can-
not but have the effect to change the present cur-
rent of public thought and feeling, and give new
life, new energy, a new power to the national
credit, and renewed vigor and strength to the na-
tional arms.
But, bir, in order that the national financial plan
shall be all that is expected of it by its friends,
it must take the place of the local State banking
system entirely. It cannot coexist with the local
State banking system. The two plans working
against each other will certainly oe destructive of
each other, and will involve the country in still
larger sacrifices, ant] inflate to a still greater de-
gree the prices of all the necessaries of life. I allow
myselfto believe that such a calamity is not to be
entailed upon this country, and that the most
efficient legislation that can be devised by this Con-
gress will be introduced and adopted to guard
against the possibility of such a result happening.
I permit myself to hope that both of these
measures are measures of the character 1 have de-
scribed, and in the absence of other and better
ones I accept them as indispensable to the suc-
cess of the national cause, and I believe that they
will meet and satisfy the public demands.
The features in which this bill differs principally
from that of the Thirty-Seventh Congress are the
increase in the volume of the taxes on each and
every article, with increased care in the construc-
tion of the machinery of collection. To these
are added some new souices of taxation which it
is believed will increase very considerably the
public income.
A tax on the sales of gold, occupying, as gold
does, so important a relation to the prices of the
commodities m which men deal which are neces-
sary to the Government, and also to the prices of
the necessaries of life, I regard as a highly im-
portant measure. It is withoutdoubtthe interest
of the trading classes, and particularly of those
whoare speculating largely, to maintain and even
advance the pi ice of sold. This trade for all other
purposes than the customs, the demand for ex-
port, and the legitimate moneyed demands which
grow out of men's fears, ought not to be permitted
in the face of the great injury it inflicts upon pri-
vate interests and the increased expenditure it im-
poses upon the national (Jr'o vehement; '
No such tax is included.in this bill, fortherea-
son that a bill now lies on the Speaker's table prd-
hibitin^all^amblingtransactions in gold. Shotfld
that bill fail to becoire a law I .would strongly
advise the passage of e separate act imposing a
heavy tax on sales of go.1 and sterlingexchange
asa.perfectlylegitimatesourceofrevenue- When
an extensive speculative traffic in gold is carried on
to the extent that it now is, and when the fact that
it inflicts wide-spread injuryissd incontrovertible,
no one can hesitate to admit that the Government
to which every kind of business looks for protec-
tion has an undoubted right to demand some equiv-
alent for the facilities it affords, and for the dam-
age it sustains. A bill to impose a large ta$ on
sales of gold would not necessarily preventspec-
ulation and gambling^ It would aemand a com-
pensation in' the Shape of a tax on all sales other
than fOf moi|ey, and on all transactions which
proceed from sources regarded by the community
*is Mischievous and illegitimate. If, then, on the
passage of such an act the luxury of speculating
in gold should be persisted in the revenues of the
Government would be considerably augmented,
and this House would at least have the satisfac-
tion of having wrested some portion of the pro-
ceeds of this dark traffic and handed it over to the
uses of the nation in this gigantic war.
In presenting in as concise a form as possible
the system of English taxation, and attempting
to show with how much more ease the American
people can carry an equal amount of debt with
England, and rkise by taxation on precisely the
same articles an equal amount of revenue for the
use of the Government, I by no means design
to declare my belief that it is the only system
adapted to this country. I am of the opinion^hat.
with the introduction of new elements into the
business affairs of men, particularly such as be-
long to this period of the world, new methods are
to be found better fitted to our national necessi-
ties, and greater facilities at hand to meet the na-
tional requirements. Steam and electricity have
revolutionized .the trade of the world. A diffu-
sion of intelligence and great industrial success
have placed the American people upoo an emi-
nence where no other nation has ever stood. They
can see and appreciate the errors of the past, and
point out with great distinctness the way to avoid
them. The clearing-houses in the seaboard cities
are furnishing the evidences of the capital and
credit daily necessary for the transactions of the
people. We begin to discover the magnitude of
the business conducted by the buyer and the seller
each day of the year.
The returns of the NewYork clearing-house
show that for a period of many years previous to
the war a capital and credit of from twenty-two to
twenty-three million dollars was necessary to the
daily traffic of that city, or from one hundred and
twenty-five million to one hundred and thirty mil-
lion dollais per week! Por the past year these
figures have been constantly increasing as prices
advanced until they now amount to $115,000,000
daily, or nearly $700,000,000 per week!
Does this not suggest a method of taxation by
which a small percentage, almost inappreciable
in size, would result in an aggregate sum of such
magnitude as to cause the abrogation of every
.other species of tax? Would not such a tax fall
equally upon all classes of our fellow-citizens
just in proportion to their business, and should
we not pay to the Government a fair considera-
tion for the privileges of the traffic which it thus
secures?
In a time of war, however, when every moment
of each day is important to the national cause,
nothing, I admit, would seem to justify the intro-
duction of an experimental policy in matters of
so much magnitude as the national finances or a
system of taxation What experience has shown
to be effective, wisdom would counsel us to avail
of. If the policy of England under the guidance
of able statesmen in a time of war has carried
her triumphantly through the struggle, it is the
interest as well as the duty of the United States
to profit by the knowledge, and take advantage of
her experience. While seizing and profiting by
the strong points of her money-raising policy, we
should indeed be unwise if we did not manage to
