1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
avoid the many difficulties which she encountered
in the course of her long years of experiment. My
effort has been to show that this country possessed
taxable resources and tax-paying power fully
equal to that of the United Kingdom, and that if
the United Kingdom has been able to sustain a
debt, fully equal in magnitude to what our own is
likely to be, for a period of sixty years and up-
wards,and at the same time grow every year
in wealth and in population, until her system of
taxation has ceased to be a source of complaint,
we certainly can accomplish the same results and
be in the enjoyment of yearly successes of a like
advantageous character.
In 1816, one year after the treaty of Paris,
when the debt of Great Britain had attained its
maximum, her population was 19,000,000. In
1864 the population of the United States, exclu-
sive of the States in rebellion, was 25,000,000. In
the same year the total value of the property of the
United Kingdom was estimated at$10,450,000,000
and of the United States in 1864 ^13,395^000,000.
The annual products of the former amounted to
$1,667,000,000; those of the United States to
$3,500,000,000. This comparison gives us the
ad vantageof thirty per cent, in population,twenty-
eight in property, and one hundred and ten per
cent, in annual products.
In twenty-two years of the war England collected
and expended no less than §5,500,000,000 derived
from taxation. If she had pursued the policy of
the United States, the policy of borrowing exclu-
sively, her debt would have been $8,500,000,000,
or full five timesgrcater than ours. To make the
ease still plainer, I quote from a very able pam-
phlet of Dr. William Elder, published in 1863, the
paragraph devoted to this branch of the subject:
"Theic is, indeed, a genera! impression that the debt of
England, iiHjanuur its maximum amouutin 18!G,4 was forty
years in gunvmg,1 while ours is the growth of two yeats
only, and tluit ah cadv it is relatively a* huge as theii-. 13 t
the fact i* that England added .$3,113,000,000 to her debt in
the twenty-two year«< of her gie.it French wars, and ex-
pended, besides, no less* than #.>,471,000,000 derived from
taxation, while the war expeudituie ot our two j car* is all
in the form of debt, except the sum of $17,000,000 derived
from taxation and other ordinary sources of revenue be-
yond the oulin.irv peace expendltuie of tne couutiy. In
iiiu comparison, therefoie, the (Jovernineiitaceouut bhoiild
he. chained with tins #17,000,000 m addition to its loans of
$891),000,000, making ^010 000,000; and England"*account,
In coirospondenee tor her twenty-two ycais would he her
increase o( debt, and $,">,•171,000,000 ot taxes-, amounting
together to 1,000.000, or more than nineluneh the equal
of our- Oi tin: total revenue of the period our Treasury
derived hut fouiteen and one thud pci cent, fiom taxation.
England"*! exchequer drew sixty-three per cent, of lieis
from that source, ii the lintish loans hud borne th« pro-
poition ol mm? to receipts fioni oidinary sources-, her debt
in 181**, without the eurient interest added, would have
*>tood at ®10,f)b0,oo0.000 instead of $4,300,000,000; and if
our debt had been Kept down by a system ot taxation
equivalent to hers, instead of looting up .$907,000,000, it
would have stood on the 1st of May last at §380,000,000,
less the accruing interest on the «iuplus of .^>^7,000,000.
Ti is should be icntejubered whenever a comparison of the
growth ami the amount of our present debt with that ot
England is instituted.
"rto lar us the national resources and our relative ability
to meet our debt are concerned, these .®t."}87,000,000 tn e to
be regarded as utidiawu revenue in the pockets of the peo-
ple. Thh amount subtracted, along with §10,000,000 of
cuirent interest upon the sum, would leave oui debt, old
and new. at .$1:27,000,000.
"Not is tin; view of the ease either illogical or unpracti-
cal; on the contrary, it is lai below th<- tine statenentof
our advantage, tin it suit leaves in tie-h, untaxed, nne\-
hnuMed, and almost untouched, while England was in the
condition ot a piopie taxed lot twenty-two successive
yeais-, to tbe average amount of £31^,000.000 a >eai, with
an interest account rising, steadily and rapidly, from
,*§47.250,000 at the beginuina, to $101,*250.000 at the end of
the teini. Moreovei, be it teineinbeied, that ill 181(3 tiie
population oi tireat Hiitani was but 19,300,000, the total
value of their piopi itv $10.4.">0 000,000, and then annual
piodnets worth but $1,067,000,1100; while the population
ofiho loyal States, m w 21,000,00n, ibe value of then
propeity, at the mat ket rates ot 1800. $13,305,000,000, and
then pioducH of the current year worth $3,500,000,000;
givnisr us the piesent advantage of thirty per < ent. in popu-
lation, twenty eiirlit per cent, in propei ty, and one hundird
and ten pei cent, ot annual pioducts.
"The just paiailel in the statement o( the jespective
debt accounts of (he two nations would be: England bor-
rowed, for tvvenfj-two tunning years, ail average of
000.000 a >ear; we, tor two years, .$-135,000,000 per
annum, (an eijual iatn> of taxation Ik ing deilucK d (iom the
actual loans.') with a difference of u ealth and resoniccs in
oui lavoi moH- than equal to the ditleience against Uiin the
amounts line- estimated.'*
Sir, these facts and figures are official,and why
they have failed to influence (he action of the capi-
talist and the*-peculator in a sound direction—why,
in the face of such facts, the tonniiy should have
lushed frantically into the wildest games of haz-
ard ever before known, is utterly incomprehen-
sible. What is still more incomprehensible is,
that standing upon the gilded summit of this vast
structure of extravagance and speculation, and
looking upon the outstretched plains of our limit-
less power as a nation, men still persist in gam-
bling on their own fears.
Sir, permit me to show to this House, and so
to the merciless gamblers of the great city of New
York, who sound the key-note to the speculators
of the interior, the difference between their con-
duct and the conduct of the English people in a
time so precisely similar. Gold, regarded as the
standard by which price is to be measured, and
which has been held in this countryand continues
to be held at from seventy to ninety per cent, pre-
miumfor paper,remained in the English markets
at only a fraction above par for some years after
the war broke out. It rose above twenty-five per
cent, for only three years after 1811. In two of
these three years it reached thirty percent. For one
year and one quarter of that time, it touched thirty-
six per cent.; and only for a period of five months
of that time, namely, from November, 1812, to
March, 1813, did it rise as high as forty-one and
a quarter per ccnt. Contrast this with the prices
ranging from seventy-one and a half to eighty-
seven per cent, in the United States. Make the
contrast bearing in mind the thirty per cent, more
population in the United States than in Great Brit-
ain, thirty per cent, more products and one hun-
dred and ten per cent, more annual accumulation
of wealth; and bearing in mind our boundless
future, based upon those principles of civil liberty,
that under the divine will have constituted this
nation—a nation destined to cover this continent
—to be numbered by hundreds of millions of popu-
lation, braced and [Sanded together by the broad-
est and most extensively diffused intelligence, by
the widest and most comprehensive industry, by
a policy of limitless internal improvement, the
whole forged and welded into a consolidated na-
tionality, regulated by the sovereign will of the
people.
Mr. Chairman, the country is in a blaze of
speculative excitement, unknown for its mag-
nitude in the history of the world. Various rea-
sons arc assigned for its formidable and rapid
growth. I do not propose to enumerate them,
or attempt the refutation of the theories which
are daily and hourly offered and discussed. I
respectfully tender my own opinion to the con-
sideration ofthe House, bearing as itdoesdirectly
upon the subject-matter of this bill. Under the
apprehensions that have been generated by the
enemies of the country, both nt homeand abroad,
and the absence of direct taxation, the common
impulse has been to get rid of the currency of the
country. Thus every man and woman in the
nation seeks to own something that cannot perish.
The manufacturer buys and fills his factory with
the raw material; the merchant his warerooms
with the merchandise with which he is familiar;
the capitalist his trunk with bonds, mortgages,
and stocks; while the speculator, watching the
advancing tendency of al I kinds of securities, uses
his credit'to its utmost tension, trades to the ex-
tent of millions in local stocks, securities, and
|! commodities of the country. The rapid fortunes
\\ which have been made by the bold pioneers in
!■ this great game of hazard has stimulated the
!; cupidity of the whole community. But few men
j! are, to-day, disinterested spectators of this won-
|j derful mania. Piiccs have steadily and rapidly
!| advanced for mote than two and a half years.
It is impossible for this state of things to con-
ii tinue without ruin to the people and destruction
;j to the Government. This fact is so transparent
| that it needs no argument to prove it. The ad-
j! vance in the prices ofthe necessaties of life must
i; be arrested: ahmiuuion must be fixed to the pub-
[I lie expenditure; and this can only be done by
ij diminishing the volume of currency and checking
<i further expansion. This tax bill, in my opinion,
|! should be passed at an early day. The country
;! cannot afford to hear it discussed in its multifan-
i| ous details for any length of time. It requires
q the law, and the relief ltwillgive. It also requires,
;1 and, m my opinion, should demand ot Congress a
i' reduction of the volume of Governmentcurrency.
When this House shall have parsed the tax and
'jS tariff bills, the gold bill, or the bill to prevent
i, gambling in gold—when it shall have added to
these measures one limiting the circulation of
paper money to the issues of the national banks
by the imposition of a tax upon local State bank
circulation, I believe in my soul that this Con-
gress will have deserved and will receive the bless-
ings ofthe people of the United States and of the
world.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
the bill under consideration is one of the most im-
portant ever submitted for the action of Congress.
It proposes to raise by taxation on the people an an-
nual revenue of from two hundred and fifty to three
hundred million dollars. Itis legitimate to refer, in
the examination of a proposition of this character,
to the causes which have produced the necessity for
such a measure. I do not deny that the Government
wants money, that it is embarrassed, that it is ill
a critical financial condition, and that without re-
sort to some means of positive income, without
borrowing, itwill find itself involved in utterbank-
ruptcy and ruin. Therefore, sir, while I admit
the necessity for relief, I cannot shut my eyes to
the causes of this necessity. Itis not altogether in
consequence of the war, nor its great expendi-
tures. In nty judgment, had the Administration
adhered to the Constitution, and had the general
policy been consistent with justice, economy, in-
tegrity, and an elevated statesmanship, we should
not have been compelled to the adoption of bills
like this. Our monetary affairs would have been
in another condition. But it is in the manage-
ment of the publicfmances that the grossest errors
have been made. This Department, so much laud-
ed by the partisans and dependents of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, has probably contributed
more toward the defeat of the Union cause than
any other. Its affairs have been conducted so as
not only to have paralyzed the Treasury, but to
have tendered the whole banking, commeiual,
and trading interest of the country, like itself, con-
fused, deranged, and unsubstantial. I propose
to prove this assertion. Our national difficulties,
with the immense resources of the country, need
not of themselves have produced the presentstatc
of our fiscal affairs. Other nations have had (heir
revolutions and wars, and have gone through se-
vere monetary tiials. History abounds with sim-
ilar instances to our own in this regard. Wars
doubtless create large expenditures, gieater ot
smaller, depending upon their extent and the
economy with which they are conducted. To
meet these expenses various expedients have been
resorted to by different nations.
These expedients have varied from age to age,
according to the changing circumstances of the
people and Governments; but the main result
has always been the same, whatever may have
been the device for reaching it, namely, to wring
from the toiling millions the wealth that had been
produced by their patient industry. If we look
back through the long vista of contending na-
tions to the remotest antiquity, we shall find each
Government exhausting its people alternately by
taxation and by tampering with the cutmiey.
The last has ever been the favorite couise with
oppressive and designing rulers, because its op-
eration is seductive and certain, even if its results
aie more disastrous than open taxation. During
more than two thousand years Governments have
furnished illustrations of every variety of fraud
which may be practiced upon a people by m"ans
of the currency, and all of them huve reached the
same disastrous end. Our own Government ill
the latter half of the nineteenth century has ap-
parently imitated all that is bad in ail those expe-
dients, and practiced financially the " oldest kind
of crimes the newest kind of way." The mod-
ern invention of paper money has varied the
mode of depreciating curiency only by giving it
a widei and more disastrous scopc,and therefore
making moie effectual the inevitable ruin which
it involves. From the first introduction of paper
money every nation, including our own, from
colonial times to this piesent unhappy war, has
been rich in examples of paper schemes in every
possible shape. The philosopher and the ob-
servant financier have horn ail these costly ex-
periments deduced the inexorable principles which
govern financial questions, and these punoiplts
are, at the piesent day, will understood and re-
ceived as a guide by the statesmen of modern Eu-
rope. The gentleman at the head of our own
finances, "the first Lord" of the American
