2698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
had exhausted its means, were unable to collect
the stock subscribed, were unable to borrow
money, and were absorbing the proceeds of the
sales of the lands only in prosecuting the work
and paying the salaries of fheir officers. The
estimated cost of the work by the company's en-
gineers was nearly one million dollars; they had
Scored subscriptions of stock only to the amount
of $100,000; probably not more than one sixth,
certainly less than one half of this was ever paid
in; The land grant amounted to less than one
hundred and forty thousand acres, which was be-
ing sold very slowly at the rate of $1 25 per acre
to settlers and $2 50 to others. . It was perfectly
manifest that with these means only the work
could never be completed, and that all future in-
vestments by the Territory from the proceeds of
the land grant would be a total loss. The Terri-
tory therefore suspended any further investments
and applied the proceeds of the sales to other uses.
This was clearly her right as one of the parties
in interest, when the other party failed to meet
her engagements. But the company, the default-
ing party, the party unable to pay the stock she
had subscribed, unable to raise an additional dol-
lar, demands to be indemnified for the capital
invested! Such a proposition made by an indi-
vidual |n the private affairs of life would not be
entertained for a moment. And yet this is the
purport of the committee's amendment, which
was sustained by the speech of the Senator from
Vermont.
I suggest to the Senator that the claim would
be quite as valid if set up by the State of Wis-
consin against the company. Why should not
the company be compelled to pay the State of
Wisconsin the $30,000 that she invested and lost
in this futile effort to build a canal ? On every
principle of justice and equity with which I am
acquainted the claim of the State to indemnity
from the company is the stronger. The com-
pany first failed to fulfill its engagement; it never
paid the $100,000 of stock subscribed; according
to the report of the commissioner it never paid
over $14,000 of it. The company was not car-
rying out in good faith its own contract to build
the canal; it failed to pay in the money sub-
scribed; it tried in vain to borrow. It was after
this that Wisconsin, despairing of the success of
the work after having paid in and thrown away
about thirty thousand dollars of money, sus-
pended future payments. If either party has a
right to bo reimbursed by the other, it is the State
of Wisconsin. It will bo seen by examining the
report previously mentioned that tho company
claims indemnity for nil losses on the value of
land purchased along the line of this work, and
also salaries of officers and agents, and the cost
of lobbying here to secure the land grant, ns well
aa money invested in the work, and interest on
the aggregate amount up to the present moment,
amounting in all to over two hundred thousand
dollars.
If I am correct in these statements, it, follows
that this Government at least is under no obliga-
tions to the company. And it in not material to
the real question at issue to decide the liabilities
of the State of Wisconsin. This Government
made a grant of land to Wisconsin to aid in con-
structing this canal, conditioned that if the work
was not completed in ten years the State should
pay the United States for the land at $,2 50 per
acre. The work failed; the liability was incurred;
and the State stands charged on the books of the
Treasury on this account to the amount of over
three hundred thousand dollars. This account
has been credited the amount falling due to Wis-
consin on the five percent, fund from vear to year
since 1851. As the account now stands the State
owes this Government over sixty-three thousand
dollars.
, Tli° °uly remaining question which arises is,
has Wisconsin been charged too much for these
lands? bhe agreed in receiving the land, if the
woik should not be completed within ten years,
to pay the Government of the United States for
the land at the rate of «2 50 an acre, which
amounts to <j313,o79 53. Most of the lands were
however, sold by Wisconsin at $1 25 an acre
It is not necessary thatl should narrate how this
occurred. It was done to protect settlers on the
land, with the consent of the company. The
policy was afterwards indirectly approved by
Congress. The quantity of land sold amounted
to 125,431 acres; leaving unsold when Wisconsin
became a State 13,564 acres. At her request this
was conveyed to her as a part of the 500,000 acres
due to the State on becoming a member of the
Union.
Under existing laws Wisconsin has norighf to
a reduction of the price of the land. Butsnould
this Government insist on a technical ad vantage?
It was doubtless the purpose to place the new
land States on a footing of equality in making
these grants. Each of the other new land States
receives the total five per cent, of the net proceeds
of sales of public lands and 500,000 acres for in-
ternal improvement purposes. Wisconsin has
received under this head in money and in credits
on the books of the Treasury the five per cent,
fund arid 625,000acres—125,000 acres more under
this head than the other new land States. For
this excess this Government has charged her at
the rate of $2 50 per acre; but she sold the lands
at about 25 per acre. This does not seem to
me to be just. Hence I propose an amendment
which if adopted will reduce this charge against
the State for this excess of lands from §2 5(tyo
$1 25 per acre, the price at which they were
mostly sold.
Mr. HOWE. I wish my friend when he un-
dertakes to state the liabilities of Wisconsin would
state upon what evidence it rests. He says that
Wisconsin agreed to pay the United States $2 50
for these lands. I never saw the agreement. 1
never saw the slightest evidence of it.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not feel inclined at this
time to enter into an argument of that kind. At-
torney General Cushing and Attorney General
Crittenden, after examining that subject, fully
decided,in theirofficial capacity as the law officers
of this Government, that the State of Wisconsin
had obligated herself to pay this Government
$2 50 an acre for the land on the failure of the
construction of that canal. I choose, therefore,
for the purposes of my statement here this morn-
ing, to consider that as res a/Ijudicata. The State,
in receiving the five per cent, fund and the five
hundred thousand acres of land and disposing of
it in the mode indicated by the Congress of the
United States, has availed herself of the advantage
growing out of that agreement. It seems to me
it is now too late for her to come in and deny its
existence and the obligations itimposes on her. I
therefore assume that she did obligate herself to
pay §2 50 an acre for the land; but she sold the
land for $1 25 an acre, and I suppose that this
Government ought not to charge iier more than
tho minimum price, at any rate not more than she
derived from the sales, heir)?; not less thun SI 25
an acre.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator to the fact that that is just
what this joint resolution provides.
Mr. HARLAN. I know it is; but the joint
resolution also provides that the State of Wis-
consin shall be credited for all the money she
has invested in the work. This will operate as
an additional grant.
The joint resolution also provides that this
Government shall ascertain how much the canal
company lias invested, and pay it out of the five
per cent, fund due the State. Why should this
ue done? What right has this Congress to as-
sume that Wisconsin is indebted to the canal com-
pany or any other party ? And if thus indebted,
what right has this Congress to authorize a suit
to be brought against the State,and to institute a
court under the name of a commissioner to hear
such a cause? But if the authority exists, is it
expedient? is it courteous to Wisconsin? Why
not permit her to settle with her own creditors?
If she has incurred liabilities either directly or
indirectly to individuals or companies in the con-
struction of a public work within her limits, why
not let her discharge them? What righthave the
creditors of a State to come here and garnishee
the Government of the United States? for this is
tho effect of the proposition. This company
says, " Wisconsin owes us,and Wisconsin de-
clines to pay us; you owe Wisconsin, and now
we will attach the money in your hands and have
it paid over to us, and thus coerce our dishonest
debtor that is withholding from us our just de-
mand." This is the only interpretation that can
be placed on such a transaction. Is not this a
severe reflection to be cast on the people of Wis-
consin? Aie they thus dishonest? Have they
persistently, for more than twenty years, refused
to pay an honest debt? I will not admit the
probability of such an aspersion. I have too
much faith in the honesty of men to permit it.
If, through prejudice or passion, one Legislative
Assembly should fail to do justice, the Legisla-
tures change; the term of office of the members
expires; other incumbents are elected from year
to year. To suppose that legislative bodies thus
constituted would persist in refusing or delaying
justice would be to pronounce republics a failure
and man incapable of self-government. The pre-
sumption with me is that the State of Wisconsin
can be more safely trusted in adjudicating a cause
between herself and her own people than any
tribunal that this Government would be likely to
institute; if, indeed, this Government has the con-
stitutional right to coerce the collection of a claim
against a State.
I am not willing as a member of this body to
assume that Wisconsin is dishonest, that she is
disposed to defraud these creditors of hers if they
are such. In my opinion, personally, Wisconsin
does not owe the company one dime. The com-
pany is under as much obligations to pay Wis-
consin all the money that she invested in the work
as Wisconsin is to pay the company the money
that the company invested. It was all money
thrown away; but that ought not to influence the
judgment of the Senate in deciding the question
of the price per acre to be charged Wisconsin on
the excess of land received by her above that
granted to other new States.
We are under obligations to do justice to Wis-
consin, and when we shall have charged her at
the rate of §1 25 an acre for this excess and then
shall have credited her with the five percent, of
the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands',
she will have been put on an eq-_al footing in this
respect with the other States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
necessary for the Chair to call up the order of the
day at this hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that this bill be
assigned for fifteen minutes after twelve o'clock
to-morrow. I do not want to struggle for the
floor to get it up. I should think it would be the
pleasure of the Senate now, since the discussion
has gone so far, to complete this matter. I sup-
pose it will take about half an hour longer, and I
ask that it be postponed to and made the special
order foraquarter past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall have to request the
yeas and nays on that motion, making special or-
ders in the morning hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Rather than have the
yeas and nays called, 1 will withdraw the motion
and struggle again for the floor.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I wish to inquire whether
this resolution does not come up itself in the
morning hour as unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion not.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Has there been anychange
in the rule on that subject?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
such rule.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 405) to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the Senate with the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask to except 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
agreed that all the amendments shall be excepted
for the present until other amendments are re-
ceived.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment us
an additional section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inform the Senator
from Kentucky and all gentlemen who were not
present when we adjourned last evening that the
understanding was that the amendments which
had been made in committee should none of them
be acted on until all gentlemen had an opportu-
nity to request a separate vote on anything upon
which they desire a separate vote, and to offer any
other amendments they may wish to present.
Mr. DAVIS. I was present when the Senate
adjourned last night. I wish to offer an amend-
