THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
,the destiny of the nation. Each succeeding fac-
tion becomes more venal, corrupt, and desperate
than its predecessor, their conflicts become fiercer,
the ligaments of society are loosened, law and
order are disregarded, private pursuits and in-
dustry are disturbed, property is seized upon by
rapacious armed men, liberty and life become
unsafe, and the people, growing weary and dis-
gusted with the ever-recurring and never-ending
'turmoil, for a modicum of tranquillity and secu-
rity at length accept a despotism and a master.
The positions here stated are all proved by the
successive factions in ancient Rome, of Marius,
of Sylla, of Pompey, Julius Coesar and Crassus,
of Antony, Lepidus, and Octavius, and the nat-
ural and inevitable consummation, the establish-
ment of an imperial despotism by Octavius Cassar.
Corroborative examples could be readily adduced
from the history of many other countries, ancient
and modern, as well as the present deplorable con-
dition of the United States; and the measures,
purposes, and spirit of the parties North and
South which now rule them,give mournful assur-
ance that they too may add another and incom-
parably the strongest of the numerous examples
which the enemies of free institutions are so fond
of citing, to prove that well-ordered and perma-
nent self-gpvernment is impossible to be achieved
by any people.
It seems to me that the decline of the great
Republic has commenced in its early immaturity,
and has progressed and is progressing with a la-
pidity beyond all precedent. I never indulged
the dream that it could be immortal, perpetual;
but 1 clung to the faith that it would have its pe-
riods of nctive youth, of vigorous manhood, and
sound old age; anfl that each period would be
measured by centuries. If its destiny should be
thus early to fall, it will not only be the most un-
timely but the noblest ruin that was ever mourned
by mankind, blasting, beyond all comparison, for
the present and through long-coming ages, more
of the world's hope.
I never for a moment doubted that the rebellion
would be suppressed, and when the news of the
disastrous battle of Hull Run reached my town,
and there struck down the spirit of every other
Union man, I expressed to them my conviction
that that reverse would arouse a spirit which
would call out the entire resources of the loyal
States; and although they might be more slow in
being made available, they were so superior in
force and endurance and ail mateiial wealth, that
the rebels must be overwhelmed, and that con-
summation was only a question of time. I have
held to that opinion without ever having a mo-
ment of doubt.
I came to the Senate soon after the President
and the two Houses of Congress had with unpre-
cedented unanimity declared to the people of the
United States and to the world in the clearest lan-
guage the principles and ends upon and for which
the war against the rebels should be conducted.
I put my trust and faith in those declarations and
in the men who made them, and while they were
observed I not only supported their war measures,
but gave them personally my fullest confidence.
But a new policy for conducting the war, and es-
sentially dilFerent from that previously announced
by the President and by Congtoss, began to be
evolved. The President has since fully developed
and is now fearfully executing it. When he vio-
lated the many and distinctand emphatic pledges
upon which and by which he was bound to con-
duct the war, for one, my confidence in him died
to live no more. But what 1 consider to be the
great perfidy of the President has not and never
will cause me to hesitate to support the Govern-
ment and the Union of these States in this civil
war. I have voted forcvery measure to strengthen
the executive arm that I deemed to be constitu-
tional, and for some about which, both as to con-
stitutionality and policy, I enteitained serious
doubts, and this because of the a rent stiess of the
country, and the desire of the Executive to have
them enacted into laws. I shall continue this
course of official conduct, not for the President
or the party in power, but for the Constitution
which I have sworn to support, for the restora-
tion of the Union of the States, and for the com-
mon and permanent welfare of my country.
Tt is tins great civil war and its continuance that
has brought the President to enormous abuses
and usurpations of power, nud the people to sub-
mit to them so passively. It the war could be
closed speedily, they, too, would soon come to
an end; butsolongas it continues, the only hope
of their reformation is in the election of another
President; and here arises a mighty motive with
those in power and office, and in the receipt of
large emoluments, for its continuance. It seems
to me, too, that the rebels will rally all their en-
ergies for a decisive struggle in the coming cam-
paign. I do not doubt that their great armies will
be routed and driven from the field; the mass,
however, will fight to extermination before they
will submit to the humiliating terms that have
been prescribed for them by the President. The
rebel armies, unable to maintain great campaigns,
will break up into small bodies, and from their
swamps and mountain fastnesses will carry on a
desolating partisan war for a longer period than
Circassia did against Russia; and before it can be
terminated by their subjugation, constitutional
government and popular liberty throughout the
United States may have perished, not for a time,
but forever. 1 have never feared, nor have I now
the least apprehension of the permanent over-
throwof free institutions anywhere in the United
States, by Jefferson Davis and his government;
but I am beset by the gloomiest apprehensions
that if Mr. Lincoln is reelected, or some other
man having his principles, policy, and scheme of
government should be his successor, they will
perish by himand hisgovernment,or by stronger
men who will rise up and thrust them from their
placcs.
No men ever charged with the possession and
administration of a live Government devised so
bold and so extensive a scheme for its revolution,
I or were so prompt and successful m its execu-
tion, as the men who bold possession of the Gov-
ernment of the'United States. The strong and
fixed attachment of the loyal States to the Union;
the general aversion of the people of the fiee
States to slavei y, and the fanatical and active hos-
tility of a large sectional party to it; the inaugu-
ration of the rebellion exclusively by slave States,
and the absorbing devotion of laige portions of
their people to their peculiar institution; the mag-
nitude of the military power and resources which
the rebels brought into the field to support then-
revolt and achieve their independence; the enor-
mous aiinies,equipments,and supplies which the
United States hau to organize to meet success-
fully their foimidable enemy; and the fierceness
with which the war has been waged on both sides,
have given to ambitious men in power such an
opportunity as nevoroccurrod before in any coun-
try to trample down Lhc Constitution, laws, and
liberties of thepeople, and to seize upon indefinite
arbitrary power. Backed by a resistless military
force ramified all over the loyal States, the as-
sumptions of power by those in authority have
been in proportion to the dimensions of the rebel-
lion,and the people, confounded by the gieat and
threatening danger to the Union and the extent
and audacity of those usurpations, have giver) but
little heed to their Constitution, ughis, and liber-
tics, thinking that when the terrific storm hall
; passed they would resume theirwonted position,
1 secuuty, and vitality. Fatal delusion ! Thosein-
appieciable bl< ssings of Government, once yield-
i ed by a people, are generally lost forever; they
1 are never icgamed except at tin* cost of countless
! sufferings and seas of blood. The duty that de-
' \olved upon the people in this gnat exigency
1 inquired high intelligence, virtue, courage, and
' fortitude; it was at tlie same time to putdownthe
\ lobelhon, and to hold all their <iy;ents, civil and
| military, strictly and firmly within the limits of
j their constitutional and legal powers. Had th.it
I great duty been performed and the civil and mil-
: itary aifans of the country been wisely admims-
, tered the rebellion would ere this have been sup-
1 pressed, the Union and peace restoied, and our
i institutions stien^thened and enshrined anew in
! the hearts of our countrymen and mote strongly
commended to the acceptance of mankind. The
best that can now ho done is to occupy as much
| as possible of that safe anchorage.
j Political liberty in England was of Saxon birth.
It fell temporarily by the victory of William the
; Conqueror at Hastings; but the Saxons, who
. were still much the larger portion of the people,
were deeply imbued with its spirit. Itsoon burst
: forth vigorously against the tyranny of the feudal
1 system and the Not mans, and made vigoious and
unceasing conflict with the Plantagenets for their
ancient rights; and the sturdy barons, under the
feeble John, achieved their reconquest from the
throne. This contest between parliamentary
privilege and popular liberty on the one side, and
kingly prerogative on the other, was resumed and
continued throughout the reigns of the succeeding
Plantagenets and all the Tudors. The kings
claimed the essential powers of Government,
both executive and legislative, as of their prerog-
ative; the Commons of England asserted as of
their privilege as the third estate, representing the
people, that no laws could be enacted or suspended
without their concurrence, and that all the rights,
privileges, and libertiesTounded under their Saxon
kings, and restored by Magna Charta, were the
birthright of every Englishman. This great con-
test, extending through centuries, was taken up
by Hampden and Cromwell and their heroic asso-
ciates, and brought to a final issue in favor of the
privileges of Parliament and the liberties of the
people in the reign of Charles I. They were de-
fined more clearly and established more fhmly by
various acts of Parliament, passed in the reigns of
Charles II, William of Orange, and at the acces-
sion of George I; and they have ever since been
as firmly moored in the British constitution and
Government as the isle itself in its ocean bed.
But in our free and limited Government of a
written Constitution, President Lincoln and his
party, in utter disiegard of its limitations and re-
strictions, are makingfor him as President claim
to the same boundless and despotic powers, ex-
ecutive and legislative, which the Plantagenets,
the Tudors, and the first Stuarts contended for ill
England as appertaining to the kingly preroga-
tive, through so many generations of convulsive
and bloody struggle, and which they ultimately
lost, after the longest, truest, most steady and
heioic devotion to their lights and liberties by the
people of England that is to be found in the his-
tory of mankind. Those inestimable rights, lib-
er ties, privileges,and i nstitutions, secured forever,
it is to be hoped, to that people by theirapprcci-
atmg sense, manly virtues, and invincible forti-
tude, our ancestors brought with them to this
continent; and the founders of our Government
thought they had secured them to the people of
the United States beyond all changes and chances,
by setting them forth as fundamental punciples
in their written form of Government; and yet the
President has seized upon the opportunity of this
great rebellion to subvert them for the time, and
if he is reelected to the Presidency that subver-
sion will become complete and final. His over-
throw, or that of the Constitution and popular
liberty, is inevitable; and it is yet in the power
of tho American people to decide this great issue
m favor of Constitution and liberty, if they will
throw off their lethargy and arouse themselves to
the most important work that has ever been in-
tiu.sted to man.
Mr. President, no Government could be organ-
ized in this enlightened age without adequate pro-
visions for the protection of private property. It
is one of the great ends for which society and all
govern men tare formed, and consequently it is one
of the prominent ohjec ts that was attempted to be
secured by the Constitution of the United States.
The fifth article of the Amendments expresses the
punciple of the Constitution upon that point in
char and precise language. I will read it:
•• Xo pci-cm c-iiuil he held to answer for a capital, or other-
wi-o in amoih crime, unle-*, on a presentment or indict*
mem o! ;i tfiainl nny, evept incase- arming m the land or
moat ion <• , oi i'i j lit- utilitKi. when m actual semce m
tune oi uv.i ot public dc.iigi'i ; no  '•hall any per-on be sub-
ject I'm the same ollVm-e to be twice put in jeopardy ot hie
or lunh ; nor shall be eonip* lied in anv oimmul ca>e to be
a nv'-nnM hun-elf. nor be d'-puved of life, hbeit),
ot propeity, withoutdue pioee^-s of law : nor shall pnvate
propeity be taken iyr public use without just compensa-
tion
Mr. President, some gentlemen assume the most
extraordinary and absiud position* that negioes
are not and cannot be the subject of property.
Our Constitution rccognizes pioperty m slaves.
The courts of the United States, which by the
Constitution aie expressly empowered to decide
all cases arising under that instrument, uniformly
and m numerous cases have recognized property
in African slaves. There is not a civilized coun-
try of the earth, where this question ever arose,
whoso high judicial tribunals have not sustained
the same position. Slavery and property in slaves
have been upheld by the laws, usages, and prac-
