1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'261)9
merit as an additional section to the bill. I am
willing to defer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Theamcndments madeasin Com-
mittee of the Whole are first in order; hut those
amendments are subject to amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to offeran amend-
ment on page 161, line seven of section one hun-
dred and nine, to strike out the word "an" be-
" act," and add a final " s" to " act," making it
"acts," and inserting the words "the several,"
so as to read, "the several acts, to provide a
national currency, secured by a pledge of Uni-
ted States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof*," to strike out the
quotation marks, and strike out the words in lines
ten and eleven, "approved February 25, 3863;"
so as to make it read:
Other than associations oiganized and established under
and by virtue of the several acts to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof.
Both those acts have the same title, and this
exception should apply to associations organized
under both acts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make the same
amendment in line forty-two and the following
lines of the same section, on page 162, so as to
read, " of the several acts to provide a national
cu rrency."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I have some amendments which
I am instructed by the Finance Committee to offer;
and if it is in order to offer them before the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole are acted
upon, I will offer them now. I propose to amend
the first section in the eleventh line by striking out
the word " who" after " dollars" and putting in
the enacting clause of a new section, " And be it
further enacted, that such Commissioner," &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You mean to close the
first section with the word "dollars."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That section
has already been amended, and the Clerk will re-
port the amendment as made in Committee of the
Whole to that section.
The Secretary read the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, which was to strike out
after the word "same" in line six to the word
" who" in line eleven, and to insert in lieu thereof
" the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, whose
annual salary shall be $4,000, shall be charged,"
&.c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was for the purpose
of retaining the Commissioner without having him
reappointed.
Mr. HOWE. Is there any amendment in that
section after line twenty-seven?
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Thereisnone.
Mr. HOWE. Then I propose to divide the
section after the word " advertisements" in line
twenty-eight, by sinking out " and" and insert-
ing " Secuon 2. And be it further enacted, That.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move^to amend that section
in line twenty-eight, as if now stands, by insert-
ing after the word "may" the words "at any
time prior to the 1st day of July, 1865;" so as to
read:
That the Secretary of the Treasuiy may at any time prior
to the 1st day ot July, 18(55, assign to tile otlice of Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue such number of clerks, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill further
by striking out section two, in the following
woids:
Sec. 2. he it further cnacf.cif, That it shall be the
tuny of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to pay over
to the Treasurer of the United States monthly, or oftener
if required by the Secretary of the Treasury, all public
nionejs which may come into his possession, for which
the Treasurer shall give proper receipts and krtep a faith-
ful account; and at the end of each month the Commis-
sioner shall render true ami faithful accounts of all public
moneys received or paid out, or paid to the Treasurer of
the United States, exhibiting proper vouchers therefor, and
Ihesame shall be received and examined by the Fifth Aud-
itor of the Treasury, who -hall thereafter certify the bal-
ance,if any,and transmit the accounts, with the vouchers
and certificate, to the First Comptroller for his decision
thereon; and the Commissioner, when such accounts are
settled as herein provided for, shall transmit a copy thereof
to the Secretary of the Treasury. He shall at all times
submit to the Secretary of the Treasury and the Comp-
tiolier, or either of them, the inspection of moneys in his
hands, and shall, prior to the entering upon the duties of
his office, execute a bond, with sufficient sureties, to bo
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury and by the First
Comptroller, in a sum of not less than $100,000, payable to
the United States, conditioned that said Commissioner
shall faithfully perform the duties nf his office according
to law, arid shall justly and faithfully account for and pay
over to the United States,"in obedience to law and in com-
pliance with the order or regulations of the Se.crctary of the
Treasury, all public moneys which may come into his
hands or possession, and for the safe-keeping and faithful
account of all stamps, adhesive stamps, or vellum, parch-
ment or paper bearing a stamp denoting any duty thereon;
which bond shall be filed,in the office of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury. And such Commissioner shall,
from rime to time, renew, strengthen,-and increase hia
official bond as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill further
by striking out the sixth section, as follows:
Sec. G. be it further enacted, That the cashier of in-
ternal duties, whose salary shall be $2,500 shall have charge
of the monojs received in the office of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, and fthall perfouo such duties as may
be assigned to his office by said Commissioner, under the
regulations of the Secretary of thcTreasury,and before en-
teringupon his duties as cashier he shall give abond with
sufficient sureties, to be approved by the Secretary of the
TieaMiryandbythe Solicitor, that he will faithfully account
for ail the moneys or other articles of value belonging to the
United States which may come into his hand*, and per-
form all the duties enjoined upon his office according to law
and regulations, as aforesaid; which bond shall be deposit-
ed with the First Comptroller of thcTreasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill on
pas;e 14, section fifteen, lines ten and eleven, by
striking out after the word "exceeding" the
words " three hundred" and inserting "one thou-
sand."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In line eleven of that section
after the word " for" I move to strike out " six
months" and insert " not exceeding one year,"
so as to read, " be fined in any sum not exceeding
ยง1,000, or be imprisoned not exceeding one year,
or both."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the bill further
on page 22, line four of section twenty-one, by
striking out the word "fail"after "shall," and
inserting the words " willfully neglect," and in
lines six and seven strike out " not being pre-
vented by sickness or other unavoidable acci-
dent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the same section, in line four-
teen, I propose to strike out after "fine of" the
words " $500 and to a forfeiture of his compen-
sation as assessor or assistant assessor," and in-
sert " not exceeding $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the sixteenth line, after the
word "for," I move to insert "not exceeding"
before "one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the eighteenth line I move to
strike out the words " internal revenue laws" and
insert " Government of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On the 33d page, line twelve of
section twenty-two, after the word " actually" I
move to insert the words "and necessarily. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE- In the same line after "ex-
pended" I move to strike out " with the approval
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue," and
insert:
But no account for such rent shall be allowed or paid
until it shall have lx'cn veufied in such manner as; the
Commissioner shall require, and shall have been audited
and approved by the proper officcr of the Tieasury Depart-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On the same page, in line four-
teen, after the words "per annum," I move to
strike out the words " the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, is authorized to allow each
assessor such clerks as he may deem necessary
for the proper transaction of business, and to fix
their compensation;" and to insert:
And the several assessors shall be paid, after the account
thereof shall have been rendered to and approved by the
proper officers ot the Treasury, their necessary and reason-
able charges foi clerk hire, but no Mich account shall be
approved unless it sdmll state the name or names ot the
clerk or clerks eiiiploj ed, and the pioci&o periods of time
for which they were respectively employed, and shall be
accompanied by an affidavit of the a&isC *or btatiug that
such service was actually required by the necessities of
his office and was actually rendered, and also toy the affi-
davit of each of his clerks stating he has rendered the ser-
vice charged in such account on his behalf, and that he
has not paid, deposited, or assigned, nor contracted to pay,
deposit, or assign any part of such compensation to the use
of any other person, or in any way directly or indirectly paid
or given nor contracted to pay or give any reward or com*
pensation for his office or employment or the emoluments
thereof.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems tome that when
you require a clerk to swear that he has rendered
the service, he should also state that he has re*
ceived the amount. He should at least state that
he has had his pay, or what it is to bfe. Neither
of them is required to be stated in the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I have modified the amendment
to meet the suggestion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, so as to read:
And the several assessors shall be paid, after the account
thereof shall have been rendered to and approved by the
proper officers of the Treasury, their necessary and rea-
sonable charges for clerk hire, but no such account shall be
approved unless it shall state the name or names of tiie
clerk or clerks employed, and the precise periods of time
for which they were respectively employed and the rate of
compensation agreed upon,and shall be accompanied.by
an affidavit of the assessor, stating that such service was
actually required by the necessities of his office, and was
actually rendered, and also by an affidavit of each of his
clerks, stating he has rendered the service charged in such
account on his behalf, the compensation agreed upon, and
that he has not paid, deposited,or assigned, norcontracted
to pay, deposit, or assign any part of such compensation to
the use of any other person, nor in any way directly or in-
directly paid or given nor contracted to pay or give any
reward or compensation for his office or employment or the
emoluments thereof.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the committee if they
think we ought not to have more limitations, re-
strictions, and checks. I think under this pnv
vision we shall find precisely what we find now,
that the clerks are not paid in proportion to the
amount of labor needed and performed, but ac-
cording to the conscience of assessors. Now, in
some offices where double the work is done that
is done in others, the clerk hire is less. I know
that to be so because I have examined the returns
of nearly every district in the country. I think
we ought not to allow the officers to go beyond
a certain amount for clerk hire. I think the sum
of #3,000 large enough in any districtof country,
and the officers have already carried it up to $4,000
and over, I think, in some districts. I am glad
that this oath is to be required; it was adopted in
the office and sony? of the officers would not settle
by it. I am glad that it is to become the law by
legislation instead of being only a rule in t)ie Fifth
Auditor's office; I do not think we ought to give
this large discretion to men to say what number
of clerks they th ink they need. Take the num ber
of pages writtenintheseoffices; they are all easily
ascertained; we find the greatest inequalities. We
are giving too much power to these men; it ought
to be limited, and certainly no office should ex-
ceed $3,000 for clcrk hire.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish the Senator from
Massachusetts would suggest a better mode than
the one contained in this proposition. I would
ask the Senator who should determine and who
should know what amount of aid is necessary in
an office but the head of that office.
Mr. WILSON. That is a very easy thing to
settle. It is the easiest thing in the world to take
and compare every office in the country and see
precisely what they need. It is all a matter of
record before you; it is an easy thing to ascertain
the number of dollars collected, the number of
clerks employed, the number of pages written in
every office in the country. I have given some
little attention to this subject, and I think it is a
thing easily enough ascertained and settled. In
a majority of these offices in the country the busi-
ness is well conducted,but there are offices where
it has been dishonestly conducted. There ought
not to be an office that should exceed $3,000 for
clerk hire; I think that sum abundant for the
largest office.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very easy to make gen-
eral statements such as the honorable Senator is
engaged in making. By qualifying those general
statements, too, they appear to be just. "I
know," he says, " that in some of the offices it
is all right; but I tell you that in some others of
them it is all wrong." That is the kind of state-
ment. My cure, if I find delinquencies in my
State, is to report those delinquencies at once and
specify them.
