1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tice of nations of the highestcivilization from be-
fore the first dawn of history. This question lias
been made, not only in the Supreme Court of the
United States, but also repeatedly in the circuit
courts of the United Status for Ohio and Michi-
gan, and in one case at least the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Howard] appeared as
counsel. The courts sustained, not only the right
of property in the owners of slaves, but also that
where they were fugitive,and escaped into other
States, the owner or his agent could go into that
State, anfl, against its express law to the contrary,
seize his slave and take him back; and if he was
resisted by any persons to the loss of the slave,
or they aided the slave to escape, the owner could
sue the persons interfering in the United States
courts, and recover from them both the reasona-
ble value of the slave and a penalty for their in-
terference. The man who contends in the United
States that African slaves are not and cannot be
the subjcct of property is non compos mentis.
In relation to this matter of property in slaves
as connected with my own State, how does it
stand? We have in Kentucky about, I will say
in round numbers, two hundred and fifty thousand
negro slaves. Before the commencement of this
rebellion they were worth $G00 average at least.
A colleague of mine in the other House, who is
my near neighbor and among the largest owners
of slaves in the State, estimates their value ac-
cording to an appraisement which he has made
of some that he placed upon a cotton farm in the
South, men, women, and children, at $800 a head;
but a moderate and reasonable estimate would be
$600 average. Two hundred and fifty thousand
slaves at that rate would be worth $150,000,000.
That is one fourth part of the aggregate wealth of
the State of Kentucky. What does this measure
and the series of cognate measures in relation to
the same subject contemplate ? To deprive the
people of the State of Kentucky of $150,000,000
of their property which is guarantied to them not
only by their own constitution and laws, but also
by the Constitution of the United States and by
all thu decisions, both Federal and State, of all
the courts in the United States, I believe, with
one solitary exception in a State court of Wiscon-
sin, and which has been properly reversed by the
revisory judgment of aUmted States court. Is it
not a question ofa good deal of magnitude to my
constituency whether the President or Congress
shall, directly or indirectly, deprive them of that
amount of property without any compensation ?
But, sir, the Congress of the United States, nor
the President, have not a pat ticle of jurisdiction
or power over the subject to the extent of liber-
ating slaves. Neither has any military officer any
more rightful authority to set -free a slave in the
State of Kentucky than has the levy court of the
county of Washington.
Mr. WILKINSON rose.
Mr. DAVIS, I would rather the Senator would
reserve his questions until I get through,and then
I will answer them with great pleasure; but I pre-
fer not to be interrupted. I say it most court-
eously to the honorable Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe m
the chair.) The Senator from Kentucky is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we have a pecu-
liar and unique Government. We have a Gov-
ernment established by a written Constitution.
That Constitution is the law of ourGovernmcnt,
and limits all its power and authority. It has
been decided again and again by the Supreme
Court, and it is the plainest dictate of reason and
common intelligence, much less of legallearmng,
that the Government of the United States cannot
clatm, or exercise without usurpation, a solitary
power that is not conferred upon it by that solo
law ofits creation. The Constitution was formed
by separate, distinct, and independent political
sovereignties, each one of those sovereignties
within its own limits and jurisdiction being clothed
with all political power. They saw the necessity
of a common national Government, and conse-
quently ofa surrender of some of the highest pow-
ers of political sovereignty to that national Gov-
ernment for the purpose of securing the welfare
of the whole people of the United States. This
surrender of power was almost mainly of the
character of those that appertain to the foreign re-
lations of the States or their relations with each
other. It is one of the essential features of tjie
system that the domestic institutions, laws, and
polity of each State were not surrendered to the
General Government, but were retained almost
wholly and exclusively by the States.
Now, Mr. President, in the face of the guaran-
ties in the Constitution which I have read, that
private property shall not be taken except for pub-
lic use, and by judgment of law and upon com-
pensation being made to the owner, how can the
Government of the United States, in any of its
departments, seize and appropriate private prop-
erty for any other object than public use, public
appropriation, public application of the property
to some purpose and action of Government? And
when it takes private property, even for such
ends, how can it presume to take that property,
in the face of this provision of the Constitution,
without making, or intending to make, compen-
sation to the owners for it?
Mr. President, an error is committed very often
in this day, and I think it is for the want of a io-
currence to and an examination of Lhe essays and
explanations of and that were contemporaneous
with the Constitution. Gentlemen attempt to ana-
lyze, to define, to enlarge the poweisof ourGov-
ernment by com paling it with other Governments.
As I said before, our Government is unique. It
is formed bya written instrument. That instru-
ment speaks for itself. It was formed upon the
general pnnciple of not giving plenary powers to
the national Government, but only such as should
be delegated to it by the States,and not to be ob~
ligatoiy upon any State that did not ratify it. This
pnnciple has been often announced by the Su-
preme Court, that only such poweis are vested in
the General Governmental art-cxpiessly delegated
by the language of the Constitution itself or by
the necessary, reasonable, and proper implication
of that language. A leading feature of the Gov-
ernment is that all the powers vested in the Presi-
dent by the Constitution are enumerated in the
second and third sections of the second article;
and he is not clothed with a solitary incidental
power, but the whole of that unnumbered and in-
definite class of po we is are vested by the ex pi ess
and unequivocal language of the Constitution itself
in Congress, and that only to the extent that they
are necessary and proper to enable Congress, or
the President, or the judiciary, or any other de-
partment or officer of the Government to execute
the powers with which it is expiessly clothed.
Congress may assume and exercise itseif at pleas-
ure any of those incidental powers, but the Presi-
dent or any other officer not one of them until
i authorized by a law of Congress. This Govern-
ment of limited authority is also by expiess pio-
visions restiictt-d or forbid to exercice sundry
powers; and there is also a direct provision that
the express restriction of any powers to the Gen-
eral Government shall have no effect whatever to
grant it any additional powers or to enlarge those
that are vested by the Constitution.
Sir, what is another general principle of our
Government? That all the poweis of Govern-
ment established by the language of the Consti-
tution are expressly in the main parted and di-
vided among thiee departments, and the powers
that are to be exercised by each are expressly
enumerated. Then, when a question arises as to
the general proposition of the extent of the powers
of the Federal Government, or of their investi-
ture in what department or officer, there is but
one rule of construction, and that rule is the lan-
guage of the Constitution itself, and the condition
of circumstances of public affairs when it was
adopted. There is no other system of govern-
ment under the sun that can enlighten legislators
or the President or courts upon such questions,
jj You may resort to the British Government as it
i! then existed, and the wutmgs of publicists when
I' the Constitution was adopted, to ascertain Lhe
[: meaning, import, and force of terms of art or
political science that are introduced into theCon-
stitution, but beyond that you cannot have refer-
j' ence to any Government, not for the puipose of
!! illustrating or ascertaining what are the powers
of the Government of the United States, or ill
what departments and magistracies they may be
j deposited, but on these questions you have to look
i to the Constitution alone.
|j Sir,in construingthe Holy Scripture you might
!! as well recur to the Koran, to the Puranas of the
I' Hindoos, to the system of Zoroaster, to the moral
It precepts taught by Coufueiua or Seneca or any
other great heathen moralist, with as much pro-
priety as you may resort to other systems of gov-
ernment to determine and ascertain what are the
powers and what are the depositories of the powers
of our Government. Our Constitution is our po-
litical Bible, and as such is as much distinct and
isolated from the constitutions and governments of
all other countries as the Christian's Bible is from
all other systems of religion.
Then, sir, I come to this other cardinal prin-
ciple, which I lay down as an incontrovertible
axiom, that wherever the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States by express language establishes and
vests a power of government, or guaranties a
right, liberty, or privilege to the citizen, such pro-
vision of the Constitution cannot be suspended
or abrogated, restricted or impaired in its opera-
tion by any implication arising from any other
of the provisions of the Constitution. I also state
thisfurtherprincipleas axiomatic: that the amend-
ments to the Constitution being the last expressed
will of the people upon the subject of their Gov-
ernment, like amendments to all laws and consti-
tutions, if there be any conflict express or by
implication between the original text and the
amendments, the amendments are to prevail,and
are to give the supreme and the undoubted law
upon the controverted point. Then, sir, I recur
to the Constitution and read the provision guar-
antying the rights of private property in the most
explicit language—one of the cardinal ends for
which this and ail other legitimate Government
was created, without which express guarantee
of property and other inalienable rights and lib-
erties the people of the United States were not
satisfied m the first instance with the Constitution;
and I assei tihat there are no other express provis-
ions overruling them, or conflicting to any extent
with them; and that they cannot be nullified, re-
stricted, or affected by any possible implications
springing out of the other provisions of the Con-
stitution, or out of the whole of it. Sir, that
position in truth and in sound logic ends the con-
troversy. When I read these guarantees of pri-
vate property, and the emphatic declaration that
it shall be taken only for public uses, arid then
only on just compensation being made, there is
an end to the question of the right of the citizen
to have a fair price for his property where it is
taken for public use. The argument cannot be
answered.
Now, sir, what does this joint resolution pro-
pose to do? It proposes to take slave property
without making any compensation to the owners:
and here lot me examine the question: What is
just compensation for puvate property ? Has the
Government of the United States, or any of its
authorities or officers, civil or military, the right
to wrest a man's property from him without he
receiving compensation for it at the time, or within
a reasonable period thereafter? I answer, no. If
a military officer says that he takes it for the pub-
lic service, and because the exigencies of that ser-
vice require him to take it, and that is all he says
or does or is authorized to do by his Government
in relation to making just compensation for prop-
erty, and there are no means of making compen-
sation by law, I ask does that satisfy in any sense
the requisitions of the Constitution?
The constitutions of the different States have
similar provisions in relation to taking private
property foi public use. The constitution of my
own Slate has a provision almost in the same
words, and I believe that most of the State con-
stitutions have the same provision. What have
been the adjudications of the supreme court of
the State of Kentucky in relation to that provis-
ion? The extreme point which they have ruled
in relation to the power of the Government in its
favor is, that there must be laws in force and effect
authorizing the levy of money upon the State for
the purpose of making this compensation; and
these laws must be executed by the proper court
assessing so much money as will be sufficient to
pay a fair and reasonable price for the property
that is so taken; and they have dccided in explicit
terms that any state of case or of law short of
such a provision as that docs not satisfy the re-
quirements of the Constitution. The legal conse-
quence is, that the taking of property, even for
public use, under any other state of case, would
be a wrong to the owner; and the officer so taking
it could be sued and held liable as a trespasser.
Is not that propositionobvioua to every man of
