£700
THE OOKGRESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Mr. WILSON, The Senator will allow me:
T.di'd that five months ago, and it has been done
more than once; facts and dates were given, and
some of those dishonest officers have been held
responsible for their conduct, and I have reason
t<? believe others will be so held. I have reason
to believe,find infactlhavereadgtatementsgoing
to show, that there are some other offices where
the practices are not what they ought to be. Sir,
the internal revenue department of the Govern-
ment is too loosely administered, and in many of
the districts dishonestly administered. Every
check which can be put in this bill we ought to
put into it? and I thank the Senator from Wis-
consin, who is now doing some of the work that
is needed.
Mr. CONNESS* Whfen I made the sugges-
tion that I did as to the remedy to be applied in
the class of cases referred to by the Senator, I
diid not doubt but that he would report a case of
palpable error which had come to his mind. Now
I suggest again that the only cure and only rem-
edy |s what I stated. These difficulties are purely
administrative in their character. You cannot
carry on a Government rightly the offices of which
are in the hands of bad men: it is simply impos-
sible; and unless wc have a guarantee in the per-
sons .who shall dispose of these appointments
ami in the conduct of Senators and Representa-
tives who recommend persons for appointment,
I do not know any other way by which we can
reach those evils that result from bad administra-
tion. I too am very glad that such safeguards
and conditions are to 6e thrown around the law
as will give us whatever security we can get; but
the Senator is not entirely right, I think, in the
general declarations that he makes that there is
infinite and immense corruption in connection
with the Treasury Department, or in other words
in the collection of the revenue. I think the Sen-
ator is not right in this. Such statements are
very easily made. They are very general and
very loose.
Mr.WILSONV Allow me to say to the Senator
that I did not use the word " infinite," but what
I did say was that there wore dishonest practices
in some of the offices; shameful practices that
men of honor ought to have nothing to do with.
In some of the offices the accounts were held up
for months by the accounting officers. We can-
not put too many guards upon these revenue offi-
cers.
" Mr. CONNESS. I presume the Senator is
speaking from his information and experience. I
am very sorry to hear such descriptions of officers
coming from the Senator from Massachusetts as
occurring in that State. I am very certain that
no such vile abuses as the Senator has been de-
scribing . I was addressing myself to the
Senator from Massachusetts, and I find that he is
not listening.
Mr. WILSGJNN I will listen to the Senator.
Mr.CONNESS. Isimpiysaid that I regretted
to hear the Senator give us so woeful an expe-
rience from the State of Massachusetts. I had
really believed that in that State in adminis-
trative places they had reached and practiced a
degree of exactness that was not known in our
newer community; but I can assure tin: Senator
that those piactices are not carried on in the State
that I in part represent here. I believe that the
internal revenue officers in that State do their duty
with as much fidelity as any officers of this Gov-
ernment, and I think that it would perhaps be a
pretty good thing to change thp officers in Mas-
sachusetts and suppress and put a stop to these
little practices. I do not hear the Senators from
other States complaining, and I am very sorry
indeed to have my opinions changed of that State
and office-holders theie. I thank the Senator for
having given so much of his attention to this sub-
ject. I hope he will continue it and hunt them
down.
Mr. HOWE. I will saya single; word. The
committee undoubtedly felt as desirous of throw-
ing every limitation about these expenditures that
was possible or practicable as the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. They did deliberate
upon the expediency of imposing just such a lim-
itation as the Senator suggests. Upon consider-
ation, however, it was the opinion of the com-
mittee that they had not data enough as yet upon
which to venture to fix the limit, and therefore
they thought it wiser at present to impose these
restrictions and await further developments be-
fore they undertook to tie up the action of this
bureau more closely than is now proposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I^ask my friend from
Wisconsin to allow me to" make a little amend-
ment here for fear I may/orget it. On page 138,
line two hundred and eighty-four of section nine-
ty-three, I move to strike out the words "or
rods" after "bars."
The amendment was agreed to*
Mr. HOWE- 1 move to amend the bill further
on the 24th page, in the thirty-sixth line of sec-
tion twenty-two, by inserting after the word
"business" the words:
Provided, That no such account shall be approved un-
less it shall state the date and the particular items of every
such expenditure, and shall be verified by the oatli or affirm-
ation of such assessor or assistant assessoi.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether the Senator retains the words, "and the
compensation herein specified shall be in full for
all expenses not otherwise particularly author-
ized
Mr. HOWE. That is to be retained.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Is that apartof the pro-
viso? If so, it would stand awkwardly to putin
a proviso in that way before you get to the end
of the section.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know how the words
which follow affect the proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it will do as
it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to amend that sec-
tion further by striking the proviso, beginning
with line thirty-eight and ending in line forty-
seven, outof that place and making it a new sec-
tion, and preceding it with the words," and be it
further enacted." The amendment is to strike
out the word *' provided," and make it a new sec-
tion to follow this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, i move to amend by inserting
after "same," in line four of section twenty-
three, the words "verified by oath or affirma-
tion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. In the sixth line of section
twenty-three 1 move to strike out all after the first
" and," down to and including the woid " final"
in the sixteenth line of the twenty-third section,
and to insert what I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
If it appear just and in accordance with law, he shall
indorse las approval tUcieou, but otherwise shall return
the muih; with objections. Any such nccountso appioved
may be presented by the assistant assessor to the collector
of the district for payment, who shall thereupon pay the
same, awl, when leceipted by the assistant assessor, be al-
lowed therefor upon presentation to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Where any account, to transmitted to
tin- assessor, shall be objected to, in whole or m part, the
assistant ne.-H-HtfOr may appeal to the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, whose decision on the case shall be final.
The words to be inserted are:
Shall transmit it with his approval thereof or his objec-
tions thereto indorsed thereupon to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, to be audited by the piopur accounting
oliieers of the Tiea^my Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to inquire of the gen-
tlemen who have charge of this frill if that is the
only provision for the payment to deputy as-
sessors.
Mr. HOWE. It is the only provision reported
by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES. That may be; but I am fear-
ful that this is not enough. They have hither-
to, 1 believe, had their accounts audited by the
man who appointed them,and who of course felt
an interest in their success and prosperity. This
amendment proposes that they shall be sent to
the Commissioner of internal Revenue and let
him audit them.
Mr. HOWE. As other similar accounts are
audited.
Mr. GRIMES. How is this officer here in
Washington to know whathave been the demands
upon the time and attention of an assistant as-
sessor in Oregon or in the rural districts of New
York, and how many days it has been necessary
for hun to expend in the public servicc5 You
have at last to come right back to the personal in-
! tegrity of the deputy assessor, who is appointed
by the assessor living in the district where he
does his business, and not by anybody here who
can eject him from his place.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I am glad to
know that the Senator from Iowa is alarmed. I
am glad to see that he recognizes the necessity of
guarding these expenditures more carefully than
they have been guarded heretofore; and if he will
now turn his attention to the manner of doing it,
and wijl invent a better one, as I have no doubt
he can, I, for one individual, shall be very glad
to accept it. I have given considerable attention
to this subject. The auditing officers will not be
destitute entirely of the means of settling these
accounts, for in addition to the certificate of the
assessor and the affidavit of the assistant assess-
or stating the number of days' work done, and
the actual dates on which the work was rendered,
they know in what quarter of the country the
service was rendered, and may ascertain what
such services are worth in that quarter of the
country, and they have before them a great part
of the actual work done. The work of that as-
sistant assessor is returned to the assessor, and
by him is sent up to the Commissioner. They
have, therefore, the opportunity of inspecting
actually the very work done by the assistant as-
sessor. Still, in spite of these things, abuses may
occur, and I have no doubt if we had time, and
if the Senator from Iowa would really give as
much attention and as much thought to the sub-
ject as I have, he would devise a better method
of protecting the Treasury than I have. This is
the best that occurred to tho committee, and this
is the one I am instructed to offer. 1 think the
Senator will admit it is a great deal better than the
section as it stands.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I admit it is an im-
provement on the law as it stands.
Sir, this is no fresh alarm on my part, as some
Senators very well know, in regard to the way
these deputy assessors have been paid, for I have
called the attention of Senators and of the Senate
also to it once or twice before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have been trying to
do something in that direction.
Mr. GRIMES. I am glad that the committee
have made as good progress as they have; but I
would in some way or another connect the col-
lector of the district, whose interests are not iden-
tical with the deputy assessor or with the assessor
himself, with this matter, and cause some returns
or some investigations of the duties performed by
the assessors to be reported to the Department
by the collector; but I have not thought enough
about it to give any very correct information on
the subject. I want to see some check put upon
the swindling that has been going on in this re-
gaid; and 1 am fearful that an accounting officer
here in Washington will not know very much
about the duties of an assessor out in Illinois or
Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will have
time, probably, in the course of to-day and to-
morrow, to elaborate that idea and provide some-
thing that will be better, if he will give his atten-
tion to it, and we shall be very glad to receive it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest that a period should
follow the amendment that has just been made,
and the word "and" should commence with a
capital.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. HOWE. On page 27, section twenty-four,
line nineteen,after the'words " official business,"
I move to insert the words " but no such account
shall be approved unless it shall state the date
and the particular items of every such expendi-
ture, and shall be verified by the oath or affirma-
tion of the collector;" so that the clause will
read:
And there shall be further paid, after the account thereof
has been rendered to and approved by the proper officers of
tiie Treasury, to each collector bis necessary and icasona-
ble charges tor stationery and blank-books used in the per-
formance of his official duties, and fo  postage actually paid
on letters and documents received or sent, and exclusively
relatingtooffiei.il business; but no such account shall be
approved unless it shall state the date and the particular
items of every such expenditure, and shall be verified by
the oath or affirmation of the collector. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 30, section twenty-
seven, lino twenty-five, after the word "taxes,"
