678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
good sense? Shall the Government any more
than an individual, in the exercise, if you pleasfc,
of its high power of sovereignty, take private
property without making or offering to make or
having made any provision whatever for its fair
value to the owner? Yet such is the practice and
the constant practice of our Government. It is
in derogation of the Constitution and the rights
of property guarantied to the citizen. The ques-
tion might well arise when the property was
taken from the citizen if compensation therefor
should not then and there be made. But until
there are laws which authorize the valuation of
the property and the assessment of money to pay
the owner for it, there is not a pretense that the
guarantee of the Constitution has been satisfied.
Here is another violation of this principle by
the course of the Government in the practices of
its military officers. What power has a United
Statesagont, civil or military, to take private prop-
erty and to place his own value upon it? What
right has a recruiting officer, or the Secretary of
War, or the President, to enlist a negro man and
to assess $300 as his value, if any be assessed,
when, if his time and service were assured to his
owner or the hirer from that owner, he would be
worth from two to three hundred dollars a year?
What right has the Government of the United
States, or any of its agents, to seize any property,
whatever, that is necessary for the uses of the
Army, or for any other branch of the public ser-
vice, and arbitrarily to assess their own value upon
it? There is but one mode in which that can be
properly and legally done; and that is for disin-
terested commissioners or appraisers to be selected
by authority of law, to ascertain the fail and lea-
sonable value of the properly, whatever u may be;
and fertile United Slates to have acouise of pro-
ceodtngs ready piovided for by I aw, and to put them
in coui so of execution, for making to the owner of
the pioperty the fair compensation for it at the time
that lie is deprived of its possession. Sir, a Gov-
ernment that acts upon a different principle is op-
pressive, is tyrannical; it violates flagrantly the
requisitions of the Constitution and the rights of
the citizon; it does not answer the purposes and
ends for which the people organized their Gov-
ernment. They never intended or formed their
Government to wrong and oppress them; and the
highest obligation of its officials is to be just to
the people.
Hut, Mr. President, a great deal is claimed in
this day of insurrection and civil war under the
pretext " military necessity." Sir, I deny that
there is any such power as that in our Govern-
ment that will sanction the enormous abuses of
power that have been perpetrated during this war.
That question was up beloie the Supreme Court
in the cum* of Mitchell vs. Harmony—a case that
arose during the Mexican war. 1 will read fiom
13 Howard's Reports a page or two of the opin-
ion that will give the, general facts of the case,
and the principles that arose and that weie de-
cided in it:
u lie (the defendant) justified the semne oh scvom!
grounds:
'• j. Th.it the plaintiff w.is engaged m li.idiiej with the
eijem>.
That he w;w compelled to remain with the Amen- ;
ran lorce?., and to move with them, to pi event the piop<:i t\ j
from falling into the hand* of the enemy. '
'• That the piopeity was taken lor public twe. i
" -1. That il the delendantwas liable loi ihe oni'ina! t.'kinir
lie wai lokiwd (mm damage-! lor it-- Mib-'equent lo-s bv
The act o( the plaintiff, who had ie-inned the possession
and control ol u before the lo^ happened.
"o. That tne delejiihiui j« a d in obedience to th'1 mdei
ot hi- tfoinm.indinir oilieer. and ihereloio h not liable.
u The hist oh[eehoii \v.\-, overiuled by the coui l, and \\ e
think coriectly."
The opinion then goes on to the second and
third objections, which contain the material p.uts
of the opinion, as they bear on the pi inoiples de-
cided in the cast-:
The acooiul and third objection*^ ill be considered to-
"Cilter, ay they depend on the -asne pi inciplo*. Tpon fhet-o i
two ^ioumUof delete the t iieuit court m-ti acted thejuiy '
that ihe defendant imizht lawltdly take jius-e--Mon ot the
good1* of the plaintiff, to prevent theiri fiotn inlllna into the
hands of the public enemy; but in oider to justify the
seizure the danger mibt hc'imniediate and impending, and
not icmote or continent. And that ho might al-o take
them for public use and tmpic^ thenj into the public ser-
vice. in oaf-eofan immediate and pievsmsdamrei oi indent
neee-^ity e.uMinj? at ihe time, but not otfici wise,
" In tile argument of the«o two points, the eueunW.ances
undei which the goods of the plaintiff were taken have
been much di^eus-ed. and the evidence examined loi the
puiposc ufshvHviiiK the naluie and chataetei of tin; danger
which actually existed at the time or was apprehended bv
the commander of tlie American loices. But this question
is not before u&. it is a question of fact upon wnich the
jury have pass-ed, and their vei diet ha& decided that a dan
ger or necessity such the couit de-cribed did not exe-t
when the pioperty oftho plaintiff wan taken by the defend-
ant. And the only subject for inquiry jn this comt is,
whether the law wa« coireetiy stated in the induction ot
the comt; and whether any thin? s-hort of an immediate ami
impending danger from the. public enemy or an m^ent ne-
cessity foi the public s>eivice can justify the taking ot'pu-
vate propeity by a mihtaty commander to prevent it Irom
tailing into the hands ot the enemy, or for the purpose of
converting it to the use ot the enemy.
" The iii-truction is objected to on the ground that it re-
stricts the power of the ullieer witiun nanower hmit> than
the law will justify; and that when the tioops aie em-
ployed m an expedition into the enemvV country, wheie
the dangers that meet them cannot.Uw.ry-; be forc-een, and
where ihey are cur off fiom aid o( then own Government,
the commanding oilieer miwt nece-^anly be mtiu^ted with
some discretionary power as to the measures he should
adopt; and it he acts honestly and to the best of his judg-
ment, the Jaw will ptotect him. Out it nm-t be rci wi)-
beied that the question heie i< not as to the dis-cietion he
may excici.se in In* inihtai.v opeuition5? or in iclation to
those who aic undei ln-s command. His distance irotn
home, and the duties in which he is engaged, cannot eti-
laise hi- powei ovei Ihe piopeity of a em/a;n, nor give to
him in that re^pi et any authoi lty winch he would nor undei
similar encmiistauees possess at home. And wh-ne the
owner has done nothing to loifeit his i mists, eveiy public
olficei ia bound to iexpect them, whethet lie liuds the piop-
eity in a hneign or hostile counuy or in hi? own.
'•Theie me, without doubt, occasion^ ui which private
propeity may lawfully he taken poi-se-r-ion ofoi destioyed
to pievent it liom billing into the hands oi the public ene-
my ; and also where a milltaiy otrieei, ch.uged w ;th a par-
tieuhu duty, may nnpie^- private piopertv into the public
service, oi take it loi public u-e. Unquestionably, in such
o.ws, the (Joveinment is bound to make full compensa-
tion to ihe (avih'I ; but the otlieei is not a tie-pa<-ei.
i^nt we aie cleaiiy of opinion that in all the..-e cu«cs
the damjei mu-t lie nnmediatc and impending, or the ne-
cessity mgent lot the public M-n ice, snel> .\s will not admit
ol delay, and wlieie the action ot the civil authoi ity would
he too late in piovidnig the means winch theocea-son calls
for. 11 i< impossible to define ihe paiuculai circumstance
ol dangci oi no e.-.-ny in which thw (« \ ei ma\ h" l.iwloily
evercjsed. Every ca- e mu-1 dt'pi'ud ou ito own eitciun-
f,t.uice«. Jt is the emeiifeney that goes tiie nghl, and the
euiei^eiK-y mu>t be shown l<> e.\ist betoie th'- taking can
be jusiiiied.'"'
It on then further to state that if the com-
mander of the expedition himself, Genernl Doni-
phan, who ^avr the order, had been then; doing
the act of taking possession of the propeity, he
himself would not have been justified but would
have been a trespasser, and that the order of a
supeiiorto an infeiior to do an illegal act still
leaves that act, though performed in obedience to
positive orders, a trespass, and the suboidmate is
responsible for it as a trespassei. Hut the two main
principles decided are these: lirst, piivate prop-
erty cannot be seized by a miliUuy roan unless
the danger that cicatcs this necessity be so im-
mediate and impending, the case so urgent, that
it cannot wait, for the action of the civil authori-
ties; second, where the latency and necessity is
oft hut chai octer that cannot a wail, still, if the prop-
erty is seized, it, i.s in every instance upon the
condition that the Government is bound to make
icasonable and just compensation for it to the
ownei.
Now, sir, these are the two principles which this
ease establishes; and they are as fa\oiubh  to the
Government, ami us a^entrs as the piovisions of
the Constitution can nuthonze any enlightened
com t to lay down. They go to the very vcr^e that
can I>eclaimed by any military commander what-
ever, even tlie Commander-in-Chief.
Hut, sir, if that case of urgent, impending ne-
cessity that cannot wmt the action of tlie civil
authoiities he upon an officer, although he may
justify himst If nunmst an action of trespass, yet
in establishing such a ce.se of necessity, it to no
extent, exempts ihe United btati s from their lia-
bility to ruuke compensation for the pioperty.
Now, sir, the amendments winch 1 propose to
oiler, if ihe joint resolution i-lmll assume a shape
to make it m oi der, contemplate two or three
movements upon the pait of our Government:
first, that so far as negroes free or clave are sol-
diers they shall be disbanded and disatmed; that
as many of them as are necessary in the service
of the United jSfates as teamsters or laborers may
be so retained by the order of the President, but
they are to be letaiucd as pnvale property, and
commanders of the regiments to which they are
attached m the service arc to give a certificate of
their employment m the serv.re of the United
States, and thetr owners are to be entitled quar-
terly to a reasonable compensation for their ser-
vices.
Sir, it would be the wisest policy that this Gov-
ernment could adopt to accept the first branch of
my proposition. These negroes should never
have been enrolled as a part of the Army of the
United States. It was a great and a fatal mistake.
The best that now can be done is to retrace that
erroneous step as rapidly as we can. Sir, this
rebellion has been strengthened to an incalculable
degree by the employment of negro soldiers. The
policy, the system upon which, the war has been
conducted, has had no other effect than to unite
and knit together the southern people firmly, in-
dissolubly almost, and to call forth th$i* utmost
force and resources to the support of their rebel-
lion. It has alarmed and deeply dissatisfied the
loyal population of the border slave States, been a
grievous injustice and oppression to that class of
population'm the rebel States, and caused every-
where oppressive measures that have produced
wide-spread discontent in all the loyal States.
Sir, there was not a power necessary to have
enabled the Government to subdue, in a reason-
able time, this rebellion,that could not have been
properly conferred upon it by constitutional legis-
lation, and that would not have been literally in
conformity to the Crittenden resolution and of the
President's pledges in lelation to the war.
But, sir, if the error, and,in my judgment, the
fatal error, in em oiling negro soldiers is not to
be retraced, we then come to that impiegnable
constitutional provision that private property,
whether a slave or any other class of property,
cannot be taken for the use of the Government
without making the owner fair, just, and reason-
able compensation. If the Senate should be in-
disposed to accept my first proposition, it ought
at least to take the second. IT it is resolved to
have the military services of the negro, it must,
in obedience to all the decisions of the Supreme
Court, lecognize the negro, where he is a slave,
as pioperty, and it must, in obedience to those
decisions, as well as to the express provision of
the Constitution, make provision for the pay-
ment of his fair value to the owner.
Mr. President, 1 will add one other word in con-
nection with this branch of the subject. There ■
are some gentlemen in this Chamber who were
invited with other gentlemen, including myself,
from the border slave States, to meet the Presi-
dent in consultation some two years ago in relation
to this subject. On that occasion the President
renewed his pledges, in the most explicit and clear
language, that it was not his purpose to interfere
with slavery in the States, tic then admitted, in
the most plain and distinct terms, that there were
the same constitutional and legal guarantees to
the owner of that property as to the owner ofany
other class of pioperty. As I have stated before
once or twice on this tp-or, he put this pointed
cus". "l^'said the Piesident, "earn $1,000,
and I invest that money in land; another individ-
ual earns '^1,000 and invests it m a negro slave;
he has as indefeasible a right to his slave as I have
to my land."
lie added furthermore, " I am not yet prepared
to break svnh Greeley and company-" A gentle-
man fiom Maryland sna^ested to him that the
rights of the owncts of that description of prop-
erty were already being threatened to be infringed
m that State, lie then with emotion asseverated,
" If I hve until the 4th of Match, 1865, I will
remain President of the United States, and this
property shall be protected in Maryland." A
gentleman from that State then Migs^sted to the
Piesident that the effect and substance of thecon-
h.TeiHC between him and the gentlemen pres-
ent should be reduced to writing. The Piesident
wanned up somewhat, and with some earnestness
diieeted this question to that gentleman, " On you
see any of the snake in me 1 then thought that
he had none of the snake in him, but how I have
changcd my opinion since! 1-je was then dis-
sembling; he has ptacttced the obliquity and crawl-
ing, stealthy movement of the snake towaids its
object upon the whole of the institution of sla-
very, though he then made professions so differ-
ent to the gentlemen who surrounded him.
But, Mr. Piesident, I havesome authority here
on the subject of property m slaves that 1 beg leave
to lay befoi e the Senate. Both the members from
Maf^achusettvs assume audaciously that there is
not and cannot be piopcifyin negroes because
they an human beings. Sir, Massachusetts her-
self has a history upon this subject, and I will
lead a little from that history. Let us see how
