1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
Massachusetts used to think and to act and to
trade and to legislate upon the subject of negro
slavery and property in slaves. 1 ask those gen-
tlemen when and where and by whom was negro
slavery established in (he American colonics—
who but by Massachusetts herself? What does
her history answer on these points of inquiry?
A day of recent celebration of the sodality of "the
New England Societies" at several points was
signalized by this missde:
"The New England Socicty in the city of New York to
the New England Soffliety in Montieai, greeting: Thanks
for your geneious wishes. Weshall not cease to labor ior
their complete fulfillment; and by the blessing ot'God, and
our still victorious aims, we mean in our next annivorsaiy,
in all the States. fiom Maine to California, to celebtate the
nationatjubilee in honor of the eternal principles of liberty
under the law, which the Pilgrims, emerging fiom tile cabiit
of the Ma>flower, laid down as tile corner-stone of ths
nation."
This promised glorification is not to be for the
restored union of the States, the vindicated au-
thority of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and the return of peace and good-will to
a torn and warring people, butfor the violent and
revolutionary overthrow of slavery in all the slave
States, in disregard of constitutional guarantees
and the sanction and protection of laws, by the
victorious armies of the United States. I sup-
pose that this grandiloquent piece of fustian and
falsehood is the emanation of some half-crazed
Massachusetts brain. Never was there a more
impudent pharisaism uttered than that the eternal
principles of liberty under the law were laid down
as the corner-stone of the nation by the Pilgrims
emerging from the cabin of the Mayflower. The
persecutions of Roger Williams anil his Anabap-
tist associates, and the cropping of the Fuciids,
the burning of witches, the most vexatious and
tyrannical body of laws and regulations extend-
ing to the minutiae of private and domestic life,
and the long, habitual, and continuing disregard
by Massachusetts of constitutions, laws, and
treaties, all proclaim it to be untrue. Her eaily
establishment by law of negro slavery, her enact-
ment of the first and a vigorous fugitive slave law
and slave code, declare Us bold untruth.
The Mayflower landed her Pilgrims on Ply-
mouth rock in 1G20; and the Massachusetts Le-
gislature, called "the General Court," in lfi41,
established this law:
•' It is ordered by this court, and the authority theieof,
that there shall never lie any bond slaver}, villainage, or
captivity among u-s, irnless it be taivful captu cslakcn m ju>t
wais, asicilhnsrly sell themselves or to c sold to us. and such
shall have the libeities and Clm>tian twin's wlneli the
law of God established m Isiael coiiccriiiiii,' such persons
doth mortally require: Prowled, Tins exempts -none fiom
servitude who shall be adjudged thereto by authority."
On the 5th of September, 1672, "Aiticles of Con-
federation of the New England Colonies" were
ordained at Plymouth. Section seven provides:
" It id aNo agreed if any set vant uin away I'm in his mas-
tei into any othei ofthe-o confederated jui indict urn that
in <-ueh ease, upon the certificate of one magistrate in tin;
jui isdiotion out ol which said ^eivanr fled, or upon other
due ptoof, (hesaid set vant shall lie delivered to hisinastei or
any other that pursue* and bimgssuch certificate or proof
Hero was the first fugitive slave law of North
America.
In 1683, the General Court passed a law con-
cerning the right of men to sell themselves for
debt; and providing that the court of the county
should regulate the time of service, so that other
creditors "should not be deprived of their fair
share of the 7nan,s lifetime." As eaily as 163G,
the General Court had declared that no " covenant
servant in household with any other should hold
offieo or vote."
In 1G3G, Massachusetts pnssrd a law in relation
to " covenant servants," the first section of which
is:
'"It is ordeied that no servant shall be set free or have
any lot until he have served out the time covenanted, un-
der penalty of such fine a* the quarter'-; com t shall inflict,
unless they see cause to remit the some."
This provision continued to be her law for up-
ward of a century.
In June, 1703, she passed this law, from which
it appears there were mulattoes in the land of the
Pilgrim Fatheis ata very early day as well as ne-
gro slaves:
An act relating to mulatto and negro slaves.
WliPiPn* gioat charge and inconveniences have arisen to
divers town* and places by the icieasing and setting at lib-
erty mulatto and negroslavcb : For prevention whet cot tot
the tuttue,
Be it declared and enacted by his Excellency the Governor,
Council, and ILepi csenfuticcs, in General Cowl am-mhlcd.
mid by the aulhonly of the sume> TJwt no mulatto or negio |
slave shall hereafter bo manumitted, discharged, oi set free,
until sufficient security be given to the treasurer of the
town or place where such person dwells, in a valuable
sum, not less than fifty pounds, to secure and Indemnify
the town or place fiom all charge for or about such mulatto
or negio,to be manumitted and set at liberty, in ease he or
she by sickness, lameness, or otherwise, be rendered in-
capable to support lam or herself,
We adopted that law in Kentucky pretty much
in the same language and in essentially the same
terms.
And no mulatto or negro hereafter manumitted shall be
deemed or accounted tree, for whom security shall itot he
given as af'oiesaid, but shall be the pioper eiiaige of their
respective masters or mistresses, m cane they «tand in need
of relief and support, notwithstanding any manumission or
instrument of needom to them made oi given; and shall
also bo liable at all tunes to be put Jorth to service by the
selectmen of the town.
In October of the same year Massachusetts
passed this other law:
An act to prevent disorders in the night.
Whereas great disorders, indolences, and burglaries are
ofttimcs latsedandcommiued m the night tune by Indians,
negro and mulatto servants and slaves, to the disquiet and
huit of her Majesty's good subjects: For the prevention
thereof,
Beit enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and
Representatii es, in General Court assembled, and by (he au-
thority of the same, That no Indian, negro or mulatto ser-
vant or slave, may presume to be absent from the families
whereto they ie*pectively belong,or be found abioad m the
night time alter nine o'clock, unless it be upon some er-
rand for their respective masteis oi owners. And all jus-
tice-. of the peace, constables*, tuhmgmen, watchmen, and
other her Majesty's good suhieeU, being householders with-
in the same town, ate heieby respectively empowered to
take up and apprehend, or eau->e to heappiehended any In-
dian, negio or mulatto seivant or slave that shall be found
abroad after nine o'clock at night, and shall not give a good
and satifcfaetoiy account of then business, make any dis-
turbances or othei wim; misbehave themselves, and lotih
with convey them before the next justice o! the peace, if
it be not over late in the night, or to lestiam them in the
common pri-on, wateh-liou^e, or constable's house until the
morning, and then ean&e them to appear befoie a ju-nce
of the peace, who shall oider thein to the liou.-e of coirec-
tiou to receive the discipline ot the house, and then be dis-
missed } unless they be ch.uged with any other offense than
absence from the families wiieieto they icspectively belong,
without leave fiom their lCspeetive nia^teis orowneis; and
insueh towns wheie there is no house of eoireetion, to be
openly whipped by the constable, not exceeding ten stupes.
In 1718 she passed a law to punish any master
of a vessel who should receive on boaid u hired
servant without permission of his master, and
making him also liable in damages to the "mas-
tcr or owner." Within twenty years ufier the
landing of the Mayflower the'Pilgrim Fathers
passed a law of which section three reads:
" Sec. 3. It it aNo ordered that when any servants shall run
away f nun their nm^teis" * A A * "itshall be
lavvlul for the next magiMiate. or the constable ami twoof
the chief inhabitants, wheie no magistrate i^, topics men
and boats ot pinnaces alllie public charge to pui* ue such per-
sons by sea and laud, and bung them back by force oj aims."
Such are the laws and usages of Massachusetts,
which established, regulated, and gave security
to slave property, and that seem to have been the
models upon which the more southern sharehold-
ing colonies fashioned then* laws in relation to the
same subject. But the Massachusetts system was
the more atrocious in several features: it compre-
hended white men, Indians, negroes, and mulattoes.
The title of the masters was by importation from
foreign counti ies, captivity in war, and purchase.
It established a servitude by the sale of himself of
the white man, and forbade his enfranchisement by
his mosferuntii his term had expired. Itenacted
an effective fugitive slave law for the white man,
Indian, mulatto, and negro, servant and slave;
and when they eloped from their " owners and
masters," authorized their pursuit at the public
charge, and upon a simple official certificate of their
being slaves 01 servants, and directed them to be
returned to their slavery or stivitude. Itieijuiied
not the testimony of two ivitnesses and no sicorncvi-
deirce whatever upon the point. It allowed no trial
or examination before couit or commissioner, no
writ of ^habeas corpus, and no bail nor writ of re-
plevin for the pursued fugitive; but its stern judg-
ment was that lie should go back into his former sei-
vitude or slavery. J t punished the servant or slave,
whether white, Indian, negro, or mulatto, male
or female, with stripes, to be inflicted at the house
of correction or publicly, for disoulerly conduct
or being from home after nine o'clock at night,
unless on some special errand.
But, Mr. President, 1 now proceed to some of
the minutiae of Massachusetts slavery, as estab-
lished by her early history, I quote from the
Historical Magazine:
"Hugh Peter writes to John Winthrop from Salem (in
only seventeen years after the landing of the
Mayflower—
" Mr. Endecot and my selfc salute you in the Lord
Jesus, &c. Wee have hoard of a dividence of women and
childien in the bay and would be glad of a share, viz: a
young woman or girle and a boy if you thinke good. I
wrote to you for some boyes for Bermudas, which f think
is considerable." (M. U. S. Coll., IV, vi, 95.)
In this application of Hugh Peter we have a glimpse of
the beginning ol the colonial slave trade.
He wanted "some boyes u r the Bermudas," which lie
thought was "considerable."
It would seem to indicate that this disposition of cap-
tive Indian boys was in accordance with custom and pre-
vious practice of the authorities. At any rate, it is certain
that in the Pequod war they took many pri&otters. Some
of those who had been "disposed of to particular persons
in the country," (Winthrop, 1,932,) ran away, and being
btought in again were " branded on the shoulder." (lb.)
In May, 1(537, Winthrop says:
" We had now slain and taken, in all, about seven hun-
dred. We sent fifteen of the boys and two women to Ber-
muda by Mr. Peirce; but he, mining it, carried them to
Piovidence Isle." (Winthrop, 1,234.)
The learned editor ol Wmthrop's Journal, referring to
the fact that this proceeding in that day was probably jus-
tified by reference to the practice or institution of the Jews,
very quaintly observes, *'Vet that cruel people never Mint
prisoners so far." (lb., note.)
A subsequent entry in Wmthrop'h journal gives us an-
other glimpse of the subject, December 26, 1637:
"Mi. i'eiree, in the Salem &hip, the Desire, returned
fiom file West Indies after seven months. He had been at
Piovidence, and bioughtsome cotton, and tobacco, and ne-
groes, Sec.,from thencc,andsalt fiomTeitugos." (lb.,254.)
Winthrop adds to this account that "dry fi>hand strong
hquois aie the only commodities for those pans. Hp met
theie two men-of vvnr, set foith by the lords, fctc., of Provi-
dence with letter of man, who had taken divers prize.#
fiom the tSpauiaid and many negroes." Long afterwards
Di. Belknap &;ud ot the slave trade that the mm distilled
in Massachusetts was "the mainspring of ihi.-> trufiick."
(M. II. S. Coll., I.iv, 197.)
Jo^selyn says, "That they sent the male children of the
Pequotb to the Bermudas." (258 M. 11. S. Cull, IV, iii,
300 )
In the Pequot war, some of the Narragansetts joined
the English in its prosecution, and received a part of the
put-oiuiiH as plavo, for their service*. Miantunnomoh re-
ceived eighty, Nimgret was to have twenty. (Diake, 122,
146. MatlieiN Relation, quoted by Diake, 311. See also
Ilnrtfoid Treaty, September 21, 163*8. in Drake, 125.)
Captain Htoughton, who n.-sisted in the work of ex-
terminating the Pequoth, after hi& arrival in the enemy's
countiy, wrote to the Governor of Massachusetts (Win-
thiopj as follows! " IJy this pinnace,you .-hall receive forty-
eight oi fifty women and children." * * * *
" Concerning which, theie is one I formeily fnertnoned that
is the fan est and latge^tthat I saw amongst them, to whom
f bavpgiven a coate to cloaihe her. it my desire to have
herfoi abervant, if it may&tand with youi good liking, else
not."
1 reckon that would have been the desire of the
two Senators from Massachusettsif they had been
there, especially of the gentleman who stands at
the head of the Military Committee.
"There is a little ^quawthnt Steward Culacut desireth,
fo whom he hath given acoatc. Lieut. Davenport al>ode-
Biieth one, to wit,a small one, that bathlhiee stroke upon
her sioniaeh, thus: — |[|Ho desireth lier, it it Will
stand with yout liking. Solomon, tho indian, depircth a
>oung little squaw, which I know not." (MS. Letter in
Mass. Aichives, quoted by Diake, 171.)
Probably if he had known hor Sosomori would
not have the privilege of getting her.
An early naveier m New England has preserved for us
the lecoid of one of the eariies-t, if not, indeed, the v< ly
fii^t attempt at breeding of >lavc& in America. rPI)e follow-
ing parage from .lonely n's Account of Two Voyages to
New Engbind, published at London in 1GG4, will explain
it>elf:
" The Second of October, [J639J about 9 of the clock in
the morning Mi. Mavericks Negio woman came to my
chamber window, and in licrown Couritrey language and
tune sang veiy lorn! andstmll. going out to her, she used a
great deal ol lespect towaids me,and willingly would have
cj\piesMrd her {.'lief in English; but I appiHnmded it by her
countenance and depoitment, wheieupon T repabed to my
ho^t, to learn of him the came, and ic-solved to intreat him
in hei behalf, for that I understood before, that she had been
a Uueen in her own Countiev, and observed a very hum-
ble and dutiful garb used towards her by another Negro
who waj hei maid."
. You sec the term{< negro" was used in that day.
This fashionable slnlly-shally language ofMcol-
oied poisons" and " descendant of Africa" \^e
rather too circumlocutory, [laughtci,] and they
come out with the plain and ditcct term of "ne-
gro."
"Mr Maverick wa« desirous to have a breed of Negroes,
and theiefoie seeing she would not vield hvpersuasions to
company with a Negio young man he had ia his house; he
commanded him wilIM she niird she to go to bed to her,
which was no soonei done but she kickt lum out again
this she took in high disdain beyond her slavery, and this
wci& the cause of her gnef." (josselyn, 28.)
What a nice specimen of a l'uiitan "consecrated to
human liberty"have we here!
Emanuel Downing, a iaw\cr of the Inner Temple, Lon-
don, who married Lucy Wiutluop, sister of the elder Win-
throp, came over to New England in 1638. The editors of
tiie Winthrop Papers? say of him, "Theie were few more
active or efficient friend* of the Mos^aclmscu0 Colony dur-
