1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be denied a hearing when he comes here with his
petition for a seat; much less a man coming here
under these circumstances and with the testimo-
nials of the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. HARDING. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, whether the State of Ar-
kansas has been districted.
Mr. DA~YV E8. The State of Arkansas was dis-
' tricted according to the law of the United States
-before the rebellion broke out; and it was divided
into three congressional districts according to the
number assigned by the last census.
I know not whether upon an investigation by
the Committee of Elections there will be sufficient
law or sufficient facts to justify the admission of
this gentleman to aseatupon the floor as a Repre-
sentative from Ai kansas. It is because I wantto
know whether there is law or constituency enough
to justify us in admitting him here that I move
that these credentials he referred to the Committee
of Elections
But, sir, I will not say to him, to the men whom
he represents, to theState of Arkansas, to the loyal
men in the State of Arkansas who have staked
all and sacrificed all, and lost al! but honor in the
defense of the flag upon thd outpostsand front of
this rebellion—I say J will not turn round and
say to them here in my seat that this man is an
alien enemy. Of course I have no war with the
gentleman from Maryland, and with his convic-
tion of what is his duty 1 make no complaint,
but I trust he may see proper, in the line of his
duty, to withdraw his motion to lay these papeis
upon the table, and allow theCommiUee of Elec-
tions to examine them.
The Committee of Elections have taken such
action and made such reports to this House that
their opinions upon kmdied subjectsarequite well
known to the blouse, and if the House has not
confidence in them in consequence of their known
convictions upon these questions, or in conse-
quence of their want of fidelity to their duties
and want of industry, it is quite proper for the
House to refuse to refer the credentials of claim-
ants to tins committee. But unless they have
such a charge to bring against the committee, I
trust no such reflection will be cast upon them by
not permitting even the credentials of a member,
coming heie and applying for a seat, to be re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. STEELE,ofNew Yoik. Will thegentle-
man allow me a word?
Mr. DA.VIS, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. STEELE, ofNew York. I simply wish
to say, inasmuch as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections has referred to nie, that I did
receive fiom General Steele a letter of introduc-
tion brought to me by Mr. Johnson, and at the
ieque t of Mr. Johnson i introduced him to the
chairman of the Committee of Elections. Mr.
Johnson came to Little Rock during the time the
convention was theie in session, while on his way
to present his credentials to this House. He was
requested by that convention to remain there until
the convention adjourned. He did so, and was
made by that convention a bearer of dispatches to
the President of the United States. And I think
that circumstance of itself indicates that that
highly lespectable body of men desired at least
to give him their indorsement.
I know nothing about the merits of this matter.
I only know that this man comes here in this way,
vouched here as a highly respectable gentleman;
and I do hope this House will extend to him the
same courtesy of having his credentials examined
by the proper committee thatis extended to every
other man claiming a seat here.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, ifit
were a question of confidence in the Committee
of Elections, there is no gentleman in this House
who would more cheerfully yield to the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts. Ifit
were a question of respect for the gentleman from
Arkansas, whose credentials are offered to the
House, the testimonies which have been rendered
this morning would make me withdraw my mo-
tion. It was not made, Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of raising an issue with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, still less for the purpose of ex-
hibiting an illiberal spirit toward the gentleman
from Aikansas. It was because I supposed, as
now it turns out tt> be the fact, thai it is not a
mere question of election law which would be in-
volved, but a question of the recognition or re-
fusal to recognize the organization of a State gov-
ernment m Arkansas. That question 1 am not
willing to have passed upon on the collateral mat-
ter of the investigation of the right of a gentle-
man to a seat upon this floor.
If the gentleman at the head of the Committee
of Elections should move this House that the sifb-
jeet should be referred to him to consider whether
there exists a State government of the State of
Arkansas, makingita direct and substantive topic
of examination, nobody would more cheerfully
acquiesce in a motion of that kind than I, nor
could a more appropriate gentleman be found in
the House to preside over such an investigation
than my fiiend from Massachusetts. But when
the gentleman presents credentials of a gentleman
claiming to be a Representative from the State of
Arkansas, and these credentials do not appear to
be signed by any officer of any State government
known to the United States, nor to be issued under
any law known to us of any State in the United
States, I desire to say that the reference of those
credentials to a committee carries with it an im-
plication that it is possible that, under existing cir-
cumstances, he can be a Representative from the
Stateof Arkansas. Thatimplication lam not will-
ing to allow to pass without bringing it directly
to the notice of the House.
The Constitution of the United States says that
the qualifications of electors for the election of
members of this House shall be the same as those
of electors for members of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature. Until there be a
State Legislature recognized by the United Slates
there can be no electors entitled to vote for any
members to this House, and if there be no electors
entitled to vote there can be no members elected
to this House. Is there, then, any Legislature
in the State of Arkansas, now actually existing,
recognized by any authoiity of the United States?
There is one legislatuie of Arkansas carried
down into the southeastern corner of the State,
swaying about one thiid of the State, which le-
gislature does not recognize the Constitution or
authority of the United States. Do the United
States iccognize that legislature? Does the gen-
tleman whose ciedentials arc presented profess
to lepresent the State of which that body is the
legislature? Are we to undoistand that a Repre-
sentative is here from a State whose legislature
repudiates the authority of the Constitution of the
United States, and which is not recognized by the
President or by either House of Congress? If
so, that disposes of the whole question. If he
do not profess to come here under the authoiity
of the laws of that legislature, which we say is
a body usurping the authoiity of the United States
and meiely a collection of rebels, having no legal
authority, if he do noteome from the State which
that legislature recognizes, then what other State
government exists there ? This House has heard
of none in any authentic shape. The President
has communicated none to this House. The Sen-
ate has had no such State government brought to
its notice^ We have had no such State govern-
ment brought before us. There is, therefore, no
State government in the State of Aikansas recog-
nized by the laws of the United States and that
appears to this House in intendment of law or in
point of fact. That being the case, sir, when cre-
dentials are presented and laid on the table they
come from no authority that anybody recognizor;
and to accept those credentials, to make them the
subject of any icference, is an assumption of the
existence of a State government recognized by
the United States, which is not true in point of
fact.
Now, if it be true, as we have been told this
morning by my friend from Massachusetts who
is at the head of the Committee of Elections, that
there has been an election, that a constitution has
been formed, that a State government has been
inaugurated, let us have proofs of those facts, and
let there be a direct vote of the House of Repre-
I sentatives to say whether they will recognize as
' a government this thing organized without any
l! authority of law, without the supei vision of any
;! official authority, organized merely under thedic-
il tation of a military commander, and organized,
|! therefoic, without authoi ity of law; we know not
I" with what fairness; we know not according to
II what lules of election; we know not by what con-
stituencies', we know not by what proportion of
the people of Arkansas. Let us inquire directly
into these facts, and if they are satisfactory to us
let us accept that government, and then we will
be in a condition to consider the credentials of
the gentleman from Arkansas. But until we have
done this thing we have not the essential condi-
tions preliminary to the question.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
that the object of the gentleman from Maryland
in moving to lay the credentials on the table was
to prevent examination being made into this mat-
ter. Now I want to know whether, if these cre-
dentials were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, as they can be under the rules of the House,
that committee would not be authorized and re-
quired to take jurisdiction of the whole subject
and report to the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Why, sir, cer-
tainly not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would like
to know why.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Palpably, not.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman
will allow me, I will have the rule read.
The Clerk read the 75th rule, as follows;
" It shall be the duty of the Committee of Elections to
examine and report upon the certificates of election, or
other credentials, of the members returned to serve in this
House; and to take into their consideration all such peti-
tions and other matters touching elections and returns as
shall or may bo presented or come into question, and be
referred to them by the House."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Assuredly, Mr.
Speaker; but was ever, in the history of the Uni-
ted States Congress, the question of the existence
of a State government anywhere made to depend
on the subordinate question of the right of a mem-
ber to a seat in this House? It is inverting all
the proportions of the matter. The admission,
undoubtedly, of a member of the House presup-
poses the existence of the State. But does the
House treat that as a matter of so little moment
as to have it decided incidentally by the Cornmit-
tee of Elections, instead of having the matter di-
rectly referred to a committee and fully examined?
Is it a question of electoral laws? When a gen-
tleman has been elected to a seat in Congress, the
condition precedent to his election is the import-
ant political fact of the recognizing of the State
government.
Allow me, Mr. Speaker, to go a step further.
If we recognize a government in Arkansas and
the Piesident refuse to recognize it, in what con-
dition are we? If the Senate recognize a govern-
ment and we fail to recognize it here, in what con-
dition are we' Or, to take the other case, if the
President, under the pledge given in his procla-
mation of the 8th December, 1863, shall see fit to
repeal this act of military organization of a State
government, and Khali see fit to recognize itasthe
government of a State, and to treat it as entitled
to the guarantee of the United States, and if this
House or both Houses of Congress refuse to
recognize it, where are we ? Can there be a rec-
ognition of a State government which does not
unite the suffrages of all three political depart-
ments ?
In the course of next February, the seat which
you, sir, now occupy will be occupied by the
Vice President, and we will be compelled to count
the electoral vote for Piesident and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States. Suppose a State Gov-
ernment be recognized by one branch of Congress
and not recognized by the other, or be recognized
! by the President and not recognized by Congress;
'] and suppose the electoral vote presented from that
State should determine the presidential election,
who will decide that political question? Yet that
question is involved here, as tne mere incident to
the light of a gentleman to a seat on this floor.
If we are willing to say that State governments
exist in all the rebel States, though the war is
waged against us by their authority, then we take
one view of the subject. But if the States have
ceased to exist, if tile fact of their rebellion has
destroyed their relation to the United States as go v-
ernmcnts, if we have to recognize new govern-
ments, thatis apolitical question to be determined
by the President, by the House of Representa-
tives, and by the Senate of the United States.
Neither one of the three nor any two of the three
I can determine it. It leads to thegravest political
| questions. It will biing us, if we venture on this
! collateral and incidental mode of determining this
