1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
38th Cong.... 1st
Democracy of Kentucky, &c.—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. op Reps,
" Resolved, That this General Assembly hails with pleas-
urable hope the recent manifestations of conservative sen-
timent among the people of the non-slaveholding States in
their late elections, and legard the same as the earnest of
a good putpose on their part to coopeiate with all other
loyal citizens, give security to the rights of every section,
and maintain the (Jnion and the Constitution as they were
ordained by thefoundeis of the Republic."
The cardinal idea of which is found in the first
three lines of the first resolution, " thatour insti-
tutions are assailed by an armed rebellion on the
one side, which can only be met by the sword." Yet
my colleagues, [ Mr. Mallory, Mr. Wadsworth,
Mr. Grider, and Mr. Harding,] who did not
vote with myself and friends [Mr. Clay, Mr.
Randall, and Mr. Smith] in the organization of
the House, the other day voted against tabling
the resolution of that impersonation of peace dis-
loyal Democracy, thcgentleman from Now York,
[Mr. Fernando Wood,] to send commissioners
to the rebel government at Richmond to humble
the nation and disgrace our gallant Army by beg-
ging for peace, who then abandoned this cardinal
idea that our institutions are assailed by an armed
rebellion that can only ba met by the sword.
But these resolutions were so full of complaint
toward the Federal Government, and so silent
of complaint toward the rebel government, that
when the Union party met in convention atLouis-
ville, where the loyal masses and not the poli-
ticians were represented, the convention would
have nothing to do with the legislative resolves
until a respectable degree of loyalty and Union-
ism was infused into them by the following ad-
ditional resolutions:
"1. Resolved, That this convention approve and indorse
the principles embodied in the joint resolutions upon Fed-
eral affairs adopted by the General Assembly of this Com-
monwealth at this late session, hereby atfiiming the same.
<k2. Resolve!,That the piesent causeless and wicked re-
bellion should be eiushcd by the whole power of the Fed-
eral Government, and the national authoiity restored over
all the revolted States. And we are in favor of devoting
our whole io&ources, if necessary, to the accomplishment
of that object.
"3. Resolved, That we are opposed to the intervention
or mediation of any foreign Power in our piesenttioubies,
prefemng to settle out own difficulties in our own way,
and all piopo>ttions to that effect which maybe made by
any foreign Stale or nation ought to be respectfully but
unequivocally declined by our Government.
"4. Resolved, That the people of Kentucky have suf-
fered insult and injuiy at the hands of the so-called south-
ern confederacy, and are stimulated by every motive of in-
terest and honor to oppose and overthrow it. Tln-s con-
federacy has sought and now seeks to break up the Union,
foiever dear and necessary to them, awl when by their often
repeated decisions they refused to join m the work of trea-
son, infamy, and i nin, it trampled down their State con-
stitution. put up a weak and usurping governor over them,
and placed pretended senatois and congiessmen in its
conclave at Richmond, assuming to speak their voice ; it
invaded their State with ai tmes, and sought to conquer and
entry them away fiom a Union they reveied to one they
detected ; it tavaged by bands of nuuauders, not soldiers,
thou fields time ami again, lobbed them of their public rev
pnues and puvaie propeity,destroyed their public records,
burned their towns and houses, catned away their non-
comb.uant citizens into long and loathsome imprisonment,
where many still languish, nnirdeied many of them, some-
tune^ in then own homes, and in the piesence of their fam-
ilies, and sometime^ by ciuel and infamous deaths, extend-
ingthese atrocities even to women and children, thus set-
ting ar defiance all the laws of civilized warfare; and these
efforts have continued and increased with the increasing
aveision of the people of Kentucky to all its wicked de-
sign*, and now threaten to bieak with fresh force upon that
State and people ; that thetefore the people of Kentucky
can never cease their effoits fot their own protection, the
condign punishment of the authots of these wrongs, and
th^ complete ovctthrow of the rebel confederacy; and all
citizens of Kentucky (if any there be) who refuse to sup-
port their State and fellow-citizens against such unpro-
voked wrongs and ciuelties, or pjofess to sympathize with
.-.uch enemies, sue false to their allegiance to friends, neigh-
bor. State, ami nation; that, nevci thel«ss, of one thing
the people of the levolted and the loyal States and of the
wotld may test assuted, Kentucky 'will submit to such a
despotism when she has no power to resist if.'
u5. Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal and
State Governments to take timely and eneigetie «topq for
the defense of the soil of Kentucky against the invasion,
the people fiom further plunderand mm ; and we earnestly
invoke their attention to the subject, at the same tune call-
ing upon all the citizens of the State to second ever> effort
in tin-, behalf.
"6. Resolved, That our thanks are due, and are hereby
tendered, to our gallant soldiers m tin' field, for the brave
and devoted manner in which tiiev have hitherto upheld
the ancient lenow n of Kentucky, and bid them ' God speed'
in the noble woik of defending the honoi of oui flag and
preserving the Constitution and Union, assuring them of
our coidiai, united.and unalteiing support and the praises
ot a giatcful country. That we feel also the ptofoundest
veneration tor the meinoiy of the brave Kentuekmn* who
have fallen in the great struggle for the Union, and the deep-
est sympathy for their surviving telations, whose just claims
upon th;j couutty are hereby gratefully iecogni/:ed "
The inpult, injury, and grievances which the
people of Kentucky had received at the hands of
the rebel authorities and their minions are forcibly
set out in the fourth resolution. These grievances,
so onerous, so injurious, so insulting to a brave
people, seem to have been forgotten or purposely
overlooked by the (i peace Democracy" and my
colleagues, their allies, who differ from me.
But the supreme, cardinal resolve is the record
in which the Union men of Kentucky pledged
themselves:
That the present causeless and wicked rebellion should
be crushed by the whole powei ofthoFedeial Government,
and tlte national authoiity lestored over ali the revolted
States. And we arc in favor of devoting our whole re-
sources, if necessary, to the accomplishment oj that object,"
The whole resources of the people of Ken-
tucky are pledged, not even excepting the ever-
lasting " nigger," that so terribly exercises these
peace Democrats of the North and my colleagues
who vote and act with them. Upon this conven-
tion (not legislative) platform the candidates for
State officers were nominated and were elected,
save Hon. Joshua Bell, who declined the nomin-
ation for Governor, Governor Bramlette being put
in his place.
But soon a Democratic party appeared in the
field to contest for the offices, and this Democratic
party absorbed the almost entire sympathies of
the northern Democracy, and the entire corps of
Democratic journals gave it a warm and cordial
support,with a very few exceptions, among which
may be named the Boston Post and Buffalo Cou-
rier.
A short retrospect of the history of this Dem-
ocratic party of Kentucky will enable this House
to estimate, in a slight degree, the loyalty of this
party never found in its actions, and only occa-
sionally in its professions. Soon after the elec-
tion and before the inauguration of the present
Chief Magistrate, Mr. Lincoln, the GulfStates be-
gan to secede; the border States were more tardy.
The Virginia Legislature had invited, by reso-
lution, a consultation of the border States in con-
vention, to be held at Frankfort, Kentucky, in
May, 1861. The Union men nominated their
ticket, of one from each congressional district,
and two for the State at large. The Southern
Rights alias Democratic party also nominated
their ticket. The election was to be on the first
Monday in May. Before the election day the Vir-
ginia convention passed the secession ordinance,
and she abandoned the convention called at her
instance. The pseudo Democracy of Kentucky,
seeing that they were likely to be disgraced in
the election, and the time not having arrived when
by force and fraud they could carry Kentucky
into the maelstromofrebellion,determined to with-
draw their ticket, but the Union ticket continued
and received at the polls one hundred and five
thousand votes out of a voting population of less
than one hundred and fifty thousand. It is still
fresh in the recollections of many the fraudulent
devices resorted to to defeat this election. In the
county of my residence, these Democrats on the
morning of the election sent out runners to the
election precincts with the lying information that
both tickets were withdrawn, and no election was
to be held. In a ma jority of the precincts of my
county no polls were opened; in some of the
Democratic counties of my district no election
was held. But the election showed that over two
thirds of the votes of the State were still for the
Union.
On the 20th of June following our congres-
sional election came off; the State was then enti-
tled to ten Representatives; rune Union men were
elected and one Democrat, that notorious traitor,
Henry C. Burnett. The Union ticket for Con-
gress received a majoiity of about fifty thousand
votes.
On the first Monday of August following the
entiie popular branch of our Legislature and one
half the Senators had to be elected, and the Union
party elected seventy-five of the one hundred
members to the House of Representatives and all
the Senators. Thus Kentucky had, from May
to August, pronounced by overwhelming major-
ities that her people would abide in the Union.
Having been thrice defeated by such imposing
numbers, the treasonable designs of this party
culminated in u system of violent lawlessness and
disregard of decency unparalleled. Jn mostof my
district all law and order was broken dowft; up
man who professed Union principles was permit-
ted to exercise the functions of his office. Jphe
circuit judge of myjudiciai district, who hadueen
a great popular favorite, and who had adminis-
tered the laws for ten years with entire satisfac-
tion, also being a delegate to the Charleston con-
vention, saw and appreciated its action, and felt
constrained to denounce its objects, because he
would not rebel against the Federal Government
that had never wronged him, and betray the State
whose laws had been confided to his administra-
tion, was not permitted to hold courts in his dis-
trict; indeed, had lie attempted to do so, an ex-
cited populace would have taken his life by the
most brutal means. Committees were regularly
organized, and constant communication kept up
with the rebel military authorities at Memphis and
elsewhere in Tennessee; these were constantly
urging the rebels to possess Kentucky,especially
that part of it in which 1 reside. The State's at-
torney for my district was sent as commissioner
to Montgomery to obtain from the rebel govern-
ment then sitting there guns to put in the hands
of the disloyal; and they openly boasted that if
they could obtain twenty-five thousand stand of
arms they would take Kentucky out of the Union
in twenty-five days. A disloyal Governor, through
a disloyal inspector general, had the State.arms
distributed among disloyal State guards, most of
whom went into the rebel service and took with
them the State arms. An extra twelve hundred
muskets and a battery of six cannon and caissons
were sent to a disloyal colonel of State guards at
Paducah, who shipped them out to my town,
placed them under the care of a disloyal captain
of State guards; and this within thirty miles of
the rebel encampment at Union City, in Tennes-
see. Of course, as was intended when shipped
from Frankfort, these all fell into the hands of the
rebels; they made a raid one night and got the
guns without resistance. The largest town in my
district, Paducah, containing aboutsix thousand
inhabitants, was governed by a mob. Though
the criminal judge of the district lived there, and
a county and city judge lived there, and othei in-
ferior magistrates, yet there was no law or order,
no guarantee to Union men; these were mobbed
and driven off, and sometimes murdered. The
railroad was controlled for the purpose of trans-
porting every contraband article to the rebels,
while the packages of citizens who were Union
men were violently opened and searched. The
lives of Union men wore daily and openly threat-
ened because of their sentiments, and more than
twenty murders occurred withinacircleof twenty
miles of my town, of citizens, before either side
had taken military possession. Large meetings
were held at which the most treasonable senti-
ments were uttered, recruiting for the rebel ser-
vice openly and defiantly made, with the avowed
purpose of possessing Kentucky and subjugating
her free people. A disloyal Governor had twice
called the State Legislature together to get it to
call a ''sovereignty convention," but it persist-
ently refused.
Having failed to accomplish their wicked de-
signs, through the firmness and patriotism of the
people and Legislature, they resorted to a means
which, although more wicked, was more promis-
ing. A petition directing the Governor to call a
"sovereignty convention" by proclamation was
circulated, and obtained thousandsof signatures.
This great abomination was advocat.ed by their
chief organs, the Louisville Courierand Paducah
Herald, but theloyal men in various ways made
it known to the Governor that his life would be
the forfeitof any such wickedness. All their ne-
farious projects having miscarried, these par ex-
cellent, patriotic,and much-oppressed Democrats
of the first congressional district—a part of the
people of which I have the honor to represent, the
others being represented by one Willis B. Machen
in the rebel congress, placed there by their votes
openly and notoriously given at a public election
—called a convention, to meet at my town, May-
field, for the purpose of making a military alliance
with the then seceded State of Tennessee, and
separating the entire first congressional district
from the State of Kentucky. The address that
called forth that immense convention—thelar;
