100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
38th OoNff... .1st Sess.
Democracy of Kentucky, dhc.—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. of Reps.
ever held in my district—was one of the most
treasonable documents ever put forth by the most
unblushing traitor. It was signed by three now
prominent Democrats of my section. The bold
and treasonable utterances of that convention were
not excelled by South Carolina. Who were the
chief actors in that traitorous conclave ? With-
out stopping to rehearse their names, I v/ill say
they embrace almost every prominent Demociat
in my districtat this time, in this nest of rebels
and conspirators was hatched that most infamous
of pretended governments, the provisional gov-
ernment of Kentucky.
Soon after this Mayfield convention there was
a body of personal and political bankrupts met
at Russellville, Logan county, Kentucky, which,
in the sheerest mockery, called themselves a con-
vention. Not an election in any county of the
State had been held. In some counties not even
a common neighborhood political gathering, in
other counties the merest meager primary meet-
ings were held, and, by common resolve of polit-
ical juntas, delegates were sent to the Russellville
convention. Every county in the State was pro-
fessedly represented—many of them self-consti-
tuted delegates. Yet this motley crowd of trai-
tors, bankrupts, in principle as well as personal
and political, assumed to be a sovereignty con-
vention, to frame a constitution and make a gov-
ernment for the people of Kentucky, and over-
turn the well-established State government. They
elected one George W. Johnson their provisional
governor, and other State officers, and appointed
one representative from each congressional dis-
trict, who constituted his legislative council, with
power to enact laws.
Among the enormities of this legislative counJif
was an act giving to their justices of the peace
jurisdiction u  fine the citizen one thousand dol-
lars and imprison him twelve months, without
the intervention of a. jury; and imprisonment by
the petty tools of traitors hung over every Union
man. This provisional government, being up-
held by the military power of the rebels, then
having a large part of the State in possession, by
fines and gun taxes, and other illegal exactions,
plundered the people of Kentucky out of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, to sustain the most
miserable set of renegades ever before congre-
gated.
This provisional government appointed com-
missioners, some of whom had been indicted in
times of peace for felony and who had never dared
to venture a trial, to visit the judges, clerks, sher-
iffs, and other county and ministerial officers of
the legitimate State government, who had been
placed in office according to the constitution and
laws of the State, and require them to renounce
their allegiance to the legitimate State and United
States Governments, and to swear allegiancc to
the provisional State and confederate govern-
ments. On the application of this provisional gov-
ernment, Kentucky was admitted by an act of the
rebel congress into the so-called confederacy.
Who were the men that got up and cariied on
this provisional government? Who weietheof-
ficers of the legitimate Slate government who be-
trayed their trust and the confidence icposed in
them and violated their oalhsof office to the State
of Kentucky, and, by this unworthy betrayal of
the State and its people, swore allegiance to the
provisional government and confederacy, contin-
ued to hold their offices, and turn over us func-
tions and influence to this charnel-house of cor-
ruption, the Southern Rights, alias DemociaUc
party? The old men of this party are at home,
enjoying the protection of the Government, com-
plaining of the " unconstitutional" acts of the
President; their sons are in Uie rebel army, fight-
ing against the State that gave them binh.
But the blight and glorious days of Forts Henry
and Donelson, and ot Shiloh, rolled around; the
rebel troops were driven from Kentucky, the pro-
visional government had been crammed into the
pocket of George W. Johnson, and retreated with
the army of the rebel General Sidney Johnston.
The Federal troops took possession, and the be-
nign and legitimate laws of the real State govern-
ment could once more be administered, and as
soon as you could say " Presto, change!" this
Southern Rights party all at once became the Dem-
ocratic party of Kentucky,—great God !—and was
soon admitted into full fellowship withthe north-
ern Democracy; "a fellow-feeling made them
wondrous kind." Time marched on; another
effort must be made by the rebels to redeem Ken-
tucky. General Bragg, with the powerand flower
of the whole western rebel army, is sent into the
State. They announce that they have come to
stay and pei manently possess Kentucky; men be-
gin to recruit for their service; flaming addresses
are sent among the people; the southern feeling
is appealed to, and large numbers are again re-
cruited, but wagons, horses, and bullocks ape re-
cruited by the thousand, and grain by the thou-
sands of bushels, from the Union men, without
compensation or even civility.
But thanks to the gallant men from the great
North west, and those gallant veterans under Buell,
Bragg is made again to retire from the State. Just
before this, however, there was a scene in Frank-
fort. Johnston having been killed at Shiloh, one
Richard Hawes was selected as the provisional
governor of Kentucky, the rebels being in pos-
session of the capital of the State—the legitimate
Governor and the Legislature having removed to
Louisville. Said Hawes was to be inducted into
office in great pomp. He had read his address
from the portico of the State-house, when an ad-
journment for dinner was made, and with a view
to return and complete the ceremony by the offi-
cial oath, but while at dinner the booming cannon
of General Manson was heard from the romantic
heights on the south of the Kentucky river, and
ball and shell began to fall thick and fast among
the rebel hosts. Without waiting to finish these
ceremonies, so imposingly begun, or even his din-
ner, Governor Havvesdisappeared withthe rebel
army, and the soil of Kentucky, so far asl know,
has not since been desecrated by his tread.
Who were the men that aided in these impos-
ing ceremonies? And who gave encouragement
to rebel enlistments and impressments? The De-
mocracy of Kentucky.
After these things occurred, and in the early
months of 1863, preparatory to a contest for the
Slate offices to be filled at the August election,
1S63, there congiegated at Frankfort a body of
men calling themselves a Democratic convention,
but from what primary assemblies the newspa-
pers of the day did not infoim us. Among those
that congregated as delegates were many promi-
nent actors in the scenes 1 have described.
Colonel Gilbert, then in command of the post,
as a true and faithful officer and patriot, deteim-
ined that no band of conspirators against the Gov-
ernment he was upholding should congregate to
matuie their machinations within his jurisdic-
tion,and he dispersed them. Alterthis wasdone,
by private interviews and frequent intercourse,
these men found a worthy representative of their
sentiments and ulteiior views and objects in Hon.
C. A. Wickliffe, an ex-member of the Thiity-
Seventh Congress. lie was elected to Congress
as a Union man, but, like other guasi-loyal men,
had fixed an ultimatum at which he would cease
to be loyal. lie that fixes an ultimatum had bet-
ter spate the time and labor and become at once
disloyal, for he is destined to find himself ulti-
mately cooperating with the rebels. He thatcan-
not forego his clietished preferences and partial-
ities, as events arise in the onward progress of
such a vast conflict as is now convulsing the Amer-
ican people, has buthttle patriotism to start with,
and that will become daily wasted until soon ex-
hausted.
This Democratic party of Kentucky selected
him as their standard-bearer in 1863, and the same
party which had sent a fuil delegation to the rebel
Congress, to vote the rebel authorities all the men
and money that should be wanted, desired to send
another delegation to Washington who would
vote neither men nor money unless the President
and Congress would let them dictate the policy of
the war. This party also greatly desired the pos-
session of the State government, as shown by
their repeated efforts to establish the provisional
govermnentof Kentucky; butas this had become
a hopeless failure, they determined to make an ef-
fort to possess the legitimate State government,
and,as Democrats, went before thepeopleofKen-
tucky, who knew their misdeeds and indignantly
rejected them. They, however, had the sympa-
thies of their northern Democratic brethren, who
have never sympathized with the true Union men
of Kentucky. And to-day nine tenths of this
Democratic party of Kentucky would hail with
delight the " stars and bars"—the ensign of trea-
son—and rejoice to see it triumphantly waving
from every hill-top and turret of Kentucky.
Nothing would yield them more pleasure than to
see the rebel General Lee, with his rebel army,
possess and plunder the northern cities and peo-
ple, and be able to dictate terms of peace from
that venerable and sacred edifice, the Hall of In-
dependence, in Philadelphia.
For the purpose of showing the positions oc-
cupied by Hon. Mr. Wickliffe I make the follow-
ing quotation from his letter accepting the call to
run as their gubernatorial candidate. He says.
"I became satisfied that the policy of the war was
changed—that the abolition power had triumphed—that the
measures of Congress and the policy of the war had fallen
under the control of the abolitionists."
Again he says:
{CI recorded my vote against those measures, and against
the hill appropriating for the present year the sum of
$700,000,000"—  
which was the Army appropriation bill passed
at the session of 186*2-63. Thus it will be seen
that the position of Mr. Wickliffe, the nominee of
the Democratic party in Kentucky, was that no
more men or money ought to be furnished tho
constituted authorities of the Government for the
suppression of the rebellion, unless they were per-
mitted to dictate the policy of the war.
These were the issues; and gentlemen, claim-
ing to belong to the Democratic party, upon this
flooroccupy a position identical with his. Those
issues were decided by the people of my State,
through the ballot-box, at the August election in
1863.
I do not refer to this matter because I have any
desire to indulge in political controversies, but
simply for the purpose of vindicating myself and
those of my colleagues who are this day standing
true to the platform of the Union men of Ken-
tucky in sustaining the constituted authorities of
the land, by furnishing them with all the means
necessary to crush out this unholy and wicked
rebellion.
Mr. Wickliffe states in his letter of acceptance
that the character of the war had been changed
by the President and Congress, and for that rea-
son he had voted against all the appropriations
necessaiy for the suppiession of the rebellion, re-
garding the war as one for the abolition of sla-
very, which no Kentuckian of any honor or man-
hood could support; and this was*the contest
which took place in Kentucky in 1863.
Mr. Wickliffe's letter further states that the
Demociacy of Kentucky were in full sympathy
with the Demociacy of the Noith. About the
time this Democratic rebel traitor party in Ken-
tucky organized in opposition to the Union men,
upon the platform tlmt no more men or means
should be voted to the Government for the pur-
pose ofsuppressmg the rebellion by force of arms,
we find in Ohio—the third State in the Union in
wealth and population—the same party meeting
in convention to nominate a candidate for Gov-
ernor. This convention claimed also to be the
representatives of the Democratic party, and as
such nominated, as candidate for Governor of that
patriotic State, Mr. Vallandigham, who was a
member of Congress when the rebellion broke
out, and when the first gun was fired upon our
flag waving over Fort Sumter, voted and spoke
against making any appropriations to sustain the
military power of the Government and to crush
out the rebellion by armed force—a man who has
been consistent in his opposition to fighting the
rebels, and who constantly declared, as the mem-
bers of his party on this floor are now declaring
every day, that the Government cannot be main-
tained by meeting rebels force with force; that we
must stop fighting and cease passing confiscation
laws,as sucha course only tends to exasperate the
southern people and unite them against us; but
that we ought to conciliate them by offering terms
of peace. Such is the man the Democratic party
of Ohio nominated for the office of Governor, on
a platform in which not one word is to be found
against the rebellion or in favor of furnishing men
and money to sustain the Governmentin suppress-
ing it.
