2704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
sold for sixty or seventy cents. I repeat, the
same grades precisely are'used m the fine-cut and
in the plug and twist. This is an unjust discrim-
ination, to charge upon one article of the same
value, forty-five cents, and upon the other thirty-
five cents. I would not object to the Senator's
proposition to tafx them by grades; but I am told
try the Oommitteeon Finance that it is found ut-
terly impossible-to prevent fraads if they make
these grades, and therefore they haveadopted-the
policy of charging'the tfame upon all of a parttc-
tflarkkd;of;manu«&cjure. 1 care not whether
this.tax.be raised to forty-five cents or. the other
reduced to thirty-five eeptsj all i ask is that no un-
fair, unjust discrimination ghan be made against
the fine-pqt, That is a lousiness which is growing
very rapidly, and is becoming a business of enor-
mous magnitude. I should think the city of De-
troit must have paid over a million dollars into
theTrfcasury on the fipe-cut upon the small tax
we assessed last year, and will this year undoubt-
edly pay two or three millions; but the largest
manufacturers there tell me that this discrimina-
tion of ten cents a pound will-utterly destroy the
business. I simply ask that they be equalized.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to aek him a question ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr, HENDERSON. I really do not know
what may be the case in his State, and I desire
now. to gqt some information on that subject, be-
cause it will control my vote in reference to the
other point. I desire to ask htm if the common
grades of tobacco aro ever cut in his State.
Mr.-CHANDLER. They are sometimes; but
there has been a competition among our tobacco-
nists to produce the best article that can be found
ift the united States, and I think perhaps in De-
troit they cuya better quality of tobacco than
they do tn any other State. There has been a
sort of emulation,, a competition between our
manufacturers to see who should make the best
article, and I think they cut, perhaps, a better
tobacco than theydoanywhereelse; butstill they
do cut all grades. Thoy cut every grade that
they pack.
Mr. HENDERSON. But for fine-cut chewing
tobacco do they cut any except the best grades?
Mr. CHANDLER. I say ordinary tobacco
is cut.
Mr. HENDERSON. Commercially the word
is understood/' fine-cut chewing tobacco.*' That
is always a fine grade.
Mr. CHANDLER. They cut as many differ-
ent grades as they pack. It is a mere matter of
choice wkh them whether thovwill'cut the finest
or that which is not so good. Any chewer of
tobacco will understand that he purchases very
different qualities at different places, and that is
owing to the Quality of the leaf which its cut.
I hopexhisamendment wilt be adopted. I be-
lieve it will increase the revenue, if it should
not be adopted 1 shall ask that the fine-cut be
restored back to the tax? <jf thirty-five cents a
pound, where it Stood before the committee took
it out of that list. I think the amendment ought
to be adopted. I think this is an unjust discrim-
ination, and I think the Senate will not be dis-
posed to make such an unjust discrimination
Against the cuttera of our tobacco. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 must confess I am somewhat
in doubt whether this amendment offered by the
Senator from Michigan ought not to be made. I
do not feel entirely certain that we should dis-
criminate bet-ween those different kinds of tobacco.
"When I offered the amendment in regard to fine-
cut, i acted upon such information as I thought
assured me in making that amendment, I am
not entirely certain upon information that I have
since received and a more thorough examination
whether there should be any discrimination.
But there is another point to which I want to
call the Senator's attention, and that is, the price
of chewing tobacco. I have all the time been rather
in doubt whether the tax of thirty-five cents upon
chewing tobacco Was high enough, and whether
jt would not be better to put on a higher tax, I
submit to the Senate whether it may not be better
to adopt this amendment, make the tax forty-five
cents upon the grades of chewing tobacco, and
then it will go to the committee of conference, and
if-thcre is a necessity of altering anything it can
b$ done. The difficulty that arises here is this:
one man manufactures this kind of tobacco, an-
other man manufactures that, and a third another
kind; there is a rivalry between them; they are
trying to crowd their own interest a little by the
other, and I query whether we have not put a
discrimination on fine-cut that ought not to be put
upAn it by the amendment that we have hereto-
fore adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. -When the Senator from
New Hampshire suggested the increase upon fine-
cut chewing tobacco my idea was that the fine-
cut chewing tobacco perhaps could stand an
increase over and above the cavendish or plug
tobacco, for the simple reason that in the plug
tobacco there is a very ordinary quality of tobacco
very frequently manufactured. Large quantities
of it are manufactured in my State that will not
cost over five cents a pound. I never heard of a
cutter of tobacco there putting up tobacco unless
it was a very valuable article, that is, very fine
chewing tobacco; but it is a well-known fact that
large quantities of very inferior ordinary tobacco
are manufactured into plug. As fine-cut tobacco,
therefore, was made of a higher grade I thought
it could stand a superior tax. The Senator from
Michigan says that inferior tobacco is sometimes
put up as fine chewing tobacco. I was notaware
of that. If such be the fact I am perfectly will-
ing to put them on an equality.
My opinion is that thirty-five centson all quali-
ties of plug tobacco would be a very high price.
1 know there is a large qi amity of plug tobacco
that can stand forty-five cents,and i am perfectly
willing to see it imposed; but if the committee will
not make a discrimination as to price or grade I
am unwilling to drive out of the business a large
number of manufacturers in my State.
I have no interest in this, i am not in the in-
terest of the tobacco manufacturers or anybody
else. I do not own apound of this article; 1 never
di,d, and never expcct to do so. I have been
urged by some manufacturers in my State to see
that a tax of fifty cents a pound be put upon to-
bacco; but i find that they ate theownersof large
stocks on hand, and they can afford to have a
high tax. I find that the planters are unanimous
against it. i find no farmer in the State in favor
of an increase over and above thirty-five cents.
If, therefore, the Senator from Michigan insists
on putling this tobacco on equality with fine-cut,
if he thinks that otherwise it will discriminate
against his State—I am sure I do not wish to dis-
criminate against anybody—-and if it be but just
in the estimation of the Senate to put all qualities
at the same rate, I am perfectly willing tovotc so;
but I do not think it would be just to impose this
very extraordinary tux upon the large quantity
of common tobacco that is put up in the western
States. I could go on to state how it would oper-
ate very harshly against our manufacturers and
farthers in the West; but i do not wish to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate or delay its action.
I have stated-those facts, and i think I know
of what I speak, without being influenced by the
say-so of anybody, I have been urged by va-
rious parties to reduce or increase; but I have
looked at it from adisinterested point of view. I
am in hopes that no increase of this tax will be
made, i would rather decrease the amount of
the tax on fine-cut if it is calculated to beunjust,
or I should be perfectly willing to put twist to-
bacco, which is always a superior quality of to-
bacco, with the fine-cut, and impose the same tax
upon it. I never heard of twist tobacco that was
nut made of the very finest quality. Twist and
fine-cutare always put up of the very best quality of
tobacco, according to my notion of the manufac-
ture, and I have seen an immense deal of it; but
the plug tobacco is put up with an immense quan-
tity of licorice put over it. It is common lug
tobacco, as it is called by the planters. It is sent
up the Mississippi river into Wisconsin among
the choppers m the pineries, and is sent to the
Indians in the Northwest. They buy large quan-
tities of it, and it is put up expies&ly for that
trade. Thirty-five cents would be a most exor-
bitant tax upon it. We know very well that the
article that is chewed by individuals who can af-
ford to pay these heavy prices is the fine-cut to-
bacco and the twist tobacco. I should be per- !
fectly willing to put twist tobacco in that first j
grade; I-would have no objection to that; but I |
do objectto taxing all plug tobacco forty-five cents, i
I think it would be exorbitant, and I do not think
it would be well to do it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandier, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Fessenden, Foster, Harlan, Harris, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Ramsey, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Willey, and wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs;. Brown, Carllle, Davis, Foot, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson, Lane ot Kansas,
PJcDowrall, Powell, Richardson, and Sherman—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle,
Hale, Harding, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull, and
Wright—-10. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARIC. X move further to amend the bill
on page 121, section eighty-nine, line thirty-six,
by striking out the words " stemmed tobacco,"
to conform with the other amendments that have
been made. We impose no tax on stemmed to-
bacco, and it is not necessary to retain those words.
I move, also, in line thirty-eight, to strike out the
words that were inserted by the committee, " or
place of stemming," and the same words in line
forty-four, " or place of stemming." They are
not now necessary. 1 move, also, to strike out
the words " stemmed tobacco" in line fifty-one
and also in line fifty-three. On page 124, section
ninety, line two, 1 move the same amendment, to
strike out the words "stemmed tobacco." On
page 125, section ninety-one, I move the same
amendment, to strike out the words "stemmed
tobacco" where they occur in lines four, eight,
and twelve.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Anthony.)
Those amendments will be made, if there be no
objection.
Mr. CLARK. On page 125, section ninety-
one, line eight, after the word "cigars," 1 move
to stiike out the words " upon which the duty
imposed by law has not been paid,"and to insert
"which have not been "inspected, branded, or
stamped as required by this act, or upon which
the tax has not been paid if it has accrued or
become payable;" so that it will read:
That if any person other than the manufacturer shall soli,
or consign, or remove for sale, or pait with the possession
of any manufactured tobacco, snuff, or cigars, upon which
the duties imposed by law have not been paid, with ihe
k lowiedgc thereof, &uch person shall be liable to a penalty
of,$101) fur each and eveiy offense. And any person who
shall purehase-or receive for sale any such tobacco, snuff,
or cigars, which have not been inspected, branded, or
stamped as required by this act, or upon which the tax lias
not been paid if it has accrued or become payable, with
knowledge thereof, shall be liable to a penalty of fifty dol-
lars for each and every offense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 123, section eighty-
nine, line forty-seven, after the word " manufac-
turer" I move to strike out the words " whether
manufacturing for himself or others," and to in-
sert " or the person for whom the goods are man-
ufactured, as tho assessor may deem bust for the
collection of the revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 145, scction ninety-
three, I move to strike ou-t from line four hundred
and sixty-three to line four hundred and seventy-
five, inclusive, in the following words:
On cigars known as cheroots nr short sixes, made Of ref-
use tobacco, and valued at not over &7 per thousand, ©3
per thousand.
On cigaj.<, not othmvi«e piovided for, valued at notover
$'10 per thousand, .*>5 per thousand.
On cirrus, valued at ovei $10 and not over $20 per thou-
sand, $b per thousand.
On eiirars, valued at over $20 and not over .$10 per thou-
sand. $15 per thousand.
On cigars, valued at over §40 and not over $75 per thou-
sand, $25 pet thousand; valued at over §7o per thousand,
$40 per thou&and.
And to insert in Ijeu thereof the following:
On cigarettes made of tobacco inclosed in a paper wrap-
per, valuod at not over *$7 per hundred packages, each eon
taming not more than twenty-five cigaiettes, §1 per hun
died package^.
On eigaiettes made wholly of tobacco, and also on tho-sc
known a* eheioots or >hort sixes, valued in each case at
not over $3 pur thousand, $3 per thousaud-
On cigars, valued at over£6 and not over $15 per thou-
sand, $8 per thousand.
Onei«ars, valued at over §13 and not over $30 per thou-
sand, $15 per thou-and.
On c&ats, valued at over $30 and not over $45 per thou-
sand, £2;> per thousand.
On cigars, valued at over$45perthoti:<and,$i0pei thou-
sand. ' 1
And the valuation of cigars herein mentioned shall in all
cases be the value of the cigars exclusive ol the tax.
This amendment is neeessary not only to pro-
