1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
The seeds of ruin then sown developed them-
selves sixty years after, under the feeble King
Louis XVf, who could not enforce economy,
and the annual deficit was alarming. In 1783, the
minister Turgot did what Mr. Chase did in 1861,
he supplicated the bank of discount for a loan.
That institution had a capital of 15,000,000 francs,
and a circulation of 35,000,000 francs. It was in
a flourishing condition, paying regularly eight
per cent, dividends and enjoying high credit. In
an evil hour it loaned the Government 6,000,000
francs for its notes. This enlargement of its
circulation involved its prompt suspension. The
minister, to protect himself, caused the notes to
"be made a legal tender. The directors saw their
danger, however, and promptly enacted a rule
that no loan should be made except upon that
commcrcial paper, and that there should always
be a reserve equal to one third of the outstanding
circulation. This restored public confidence, and
the stock of the bank sold at very high rates.
The speculation in it attracted the attention of
the afterwards famous Mirabeau, who denounced
it in a pamphlet, which was promptly suppressed
by tlje Government.
Turgot was succeeded by Colonne, a minister
altogether of a more modern school. His prin-
ciple was not to make himself unpopular with the
court by diminishing expenses, nor with the peo-
ple by extracting from them taxes for the service
of the state. His plan was chastely conserva-
tive; it was " to make things pleasant" by bor-
rowing, and his prodigality, which was a marvel
for his times, was mere parsimony as compared
with the lavish outlay of our own magnificent min-
ister. He made his loans frequent and large.
He did what has become so familiar to us. He
addressed himself to the bank. Reckless as was
his expenditure, he nevertheless appears to have
had a clear understanding of financial principles,
and in this differed widely from the head of our
Tieasury. He clearly understood that paper
money was not capital, and he also knew that it
was capital that he wanted.
Theie were two modes of operating upon the
bank, widely different in their results. J-le could
require it to loan its capital lo the Government,
or to lend its notes. That is jeal capital or ficti-
tious capital, either wealth itself or only the piom-
ise of it. The minister adopted the fust expedi-
ent. He bun owed $70,000,000 of the capital of
tile banks in the same way that Mr. Chase bor-
rowed, as he informs us, §170,000,000 in specie.
The loan was regular and caused no trouble. The
minister, however, issued paper in the same man-
ner that Mr. Chase issued demand notes, against
the stiongest protests of the hunks. The results
were precisely the same. The notes of Colonne,
issued in June, 1787, dixtmbed the circulation and
foiced suspension in three months. Those of Mr.
Chase, issued August, 1861, forced suspension at
the close of December.
Nocker whb now minister. lie took the other
means of loan. Jnsteod of borrowing capital of
the ban&s, he borrowed their notes, which was
done to the extent of 90,000,000 francs. Ten
years aftei waids Mr. Pitt did the same in Eng-
land, and seventy-two yeaisafterwards Mr.Chase
repeated it m New York. I will here give ex-
tracts from these financiers to the hanks.
M. Keeker, in 3789, writes to the bank:
" f hope you arc not imlitfeieut to my enilMn.i^inem*.
fiee the fmanci.it otitis, that of the cram mm Uct, that of
the state* goneial, and deliver mo from nujmettuic as far
as it depends on you."
Mr. Pitt, in 1797, writes to the Bank of Eng-
land:
" Jt gives me much concern to be obliged to apply for
an accommodation to so large an extent, but I cannot too
Ptrongly repio&eut how neccssaiy it i* for the public ser-
vice."
He felt it an indispensable duty to repiesentto
them in the most earnest manner that it would
be impossible to avoid the most serious and dis-
tressing embarrassments to the public service un-
less the demand was complied with.
The French bank could go no further, how-
ever, and then (November 15, 1789) M. Necker
proposed to supplant t he then existing banks with
national banks to issue 210,000,000 fianes, of which
170,000,000 francs was to be loaned to the State.
Has any one heard in our day of a proposition
to supplant old banks with national banks,"
and to use their notes for the service of the Gov-
ernment? The result of the proposition was to
issue $80,000,000 of legal-tender paper money,
redeemable in public lands; and in March, 1790,
the new Government bank began to issue their
assignats, and then the emission went on with-
out limit.
These notes or assignats were of three descrip-
tions: first, without interest from §20 to $2,000
each; second, with coupons attached; and third,
fractional notes from one to ten cents each. The
whole amount outstanding at the end of 1790 was
$250,000,000 at a discount of ten per cent. At
the close of 1792 the amount was $440,000,000,
and the discount thirty-seven per cent. In 1794,
the sum had reached $1,200,000,000 and the dis-
count seventy-eight per cent. Ruin soon over-
took the whole, and in February, 1797, they were
no longer a legal tender or of any value. Their
fall involved the most frightful distress among
the public which began to recover as soon as re-
lieved from their baneful presence.
The resemblance between the movements of
Mr. Chase and those of the French revolutionists
is very great. He has the same dread of taxa-
tion, the same efforts to borrow capital of existing
banks until they are exhausted, the same project
to create national banks in order to disguise the
Government paper issues m their names. Finally
his issues of paper money are of the same classes,
namely, legal tender with interest, legal tender
without interest, and fractional legal tender. In
one respect his issues differ from those of Dan-
ton, Marat & Co. He does not make them re-
ceivable for customs, which are collected in gold.
This fact attracts attention, and the observerasks
himself where did he get that idea. Because our
Secretary is peculiarly a borrower, even to his
notions, which are not always of the rank of ideas.
Sir, he borrowed it of another revolutionist in
another age and nation. In .LehuidHistory we
find one of the principal means of ovei throwing
the power of tlic Stuart family m Ireland thus
stated:
t£ and copper of the bn  \*t kind, old < nnnon, broken
bells, household titen*iN wen: a Miluously < olleeied ; and
fiom eveiy pound weight of Mich vtl>' ni.iteuaK, valued at
fom pcncc, pieces woic < onu'dand oneul.ited to the amount
ol ii\c pouud> nominal value. Hy the fust pioelamation
they were made cinicitl in atl payments to and (rom the
king, and the subjects of Hie le.dm, except vi dulh's on the
imjmitahon of Jot ci^n aooth, money lou in liu->t, or due by
moit«:i e, bills, <n bonds.
uAs biassand copper  iew scarce, it wa< made of «ull
vilei mateii.vi-j ol tin and powtei, and old debt" of £ 1,00U
were dmehai  ed bv pieces of vile metal amounting to thirty
shillings in ti!lrui.a< value.5'
James had the grace to respect trust funds, the
property of the widow and tho orphan. With
us the whole of those sacred trusts arc dissolving
under the baleful iniluenco of Ad r. Chase's paper.
The Secretary of the Treasury, on page 15 of
his annual repoit, holds the lollowiug language;
'• In ionnef iepoi|s the ^ecietaiy ha^ stated Ms convic-
tion-!, and the ^loiuxU ol them, ic-p<vt.n'{ the neoo-Mtv
and the utilm ol putting .1 lat^e p.u r of the debt m rhc
lot in of United Stun s no to-*, without unci est, and adapted
lo cuclllalion as money. The-c (uinidwim lemam nil-
<'hani <«d. and seem now to be shan't! by the people. Foi
the hi-t time in our histoiy lia.-> a tea] approach to a um-
toiiii emrency beet) made; and the Oeiuiii-, ol it, ihouyli
stt!! l.n fiotn ;h(! be A attainable condition, aie folt by all
Th • eiictilaiion ha* been distributed thioughuul the coun-
liy, and i* eveiywbeic acceptable."
[t is hero asscited that the circulation is moie
uniform than ever before, and that it is every-
where acceptable, [f this be so, if the Secretaiy
believes what he here asserts, why does he seek
to change so admirable a system by supplanting
it with national bank notes not a legal tender?
He tells us with great unction that e\cry holder
of a note has a duect interest in sustaining the
national institution. Is he speaking of the con-
federacy or of the Union?
If the northern people are bribed to hold to-
gether by paper notes, so are the eonfcdoiates to
agreoterextent. Hut,sir,1 reject the idea. The
deep-seated and unbought priti lotismof the Amei i-
can people is none the stiong« i because they ho'd a
few depreciated papei dollars of fast-fleeting value.
The idea could ooeut otilv to the head ofa Gov-
ernment reeking with corrupt'on.
UNirORM CURRENCY.
Now, sir, in relation to uniform currcncy, let us
look at Has it exists. When Mr. Chase reached
power there was m circulation $275,000,1)00 of
specie, and $200,000,000 of bank notes, every dol-
lar convertible at sight into gold. There was but
a fractional difference between the State issues,
composed of the costof transportation only. The
currency in San Francisco was the same as in
Maine, in Florida as in Iowa. Let us see what
we have now:
United States notes, legal tender .$430,785,004
United States notes, legal tendeufive per cent.
payable in twenty years  50,000.000
United State-*notes, legal tender, five percent.
without coupons.'  50,01)0,000
National bank notes, legal tender with the
Government, not with the people  10,000,001)
United States notes, traction**, legal tender for
small sums  20,000,000
United States postal currency, legal tender, not
taken for foreign postage  17,000,000
Total United States uniform currency,.. .$597,785,004
Old bank notes not leceivable by Government. $150,000,000
Here are seven kinds of currency, all of differ-
ent faculties and attubutesj, uniform in only one
respect, thatof being worth to-day fifty cents per
dollar of the constitutional currency, and that
uniformity varies every hour in the day. Now,
are we to take this declaration in favor of a "uni-
form currency" as a joke, a sarcasm, or as sim-
ply a draft upon the credulity of Congress and
the patience of the people?
Again, we are told that this uniform currency is
distributed throughout the country, and is "ac-
ceptable to the people." In this assertion the
existence of the Pacific States is ignored unless
the theory of State suicide is to be applied to
them for their contumacy in steadily refusing to
have anything to do with his paper currency.
Sir, this is what happens in California: the
Federal Government collected there in 3863,
$4,688,399 of duties in gold, and sent it to New
York to speculate witii in the gold exchange
under the new bill. It paid out in California
$9,885,531 in gieenbacks, none of which will pass
there as currency. The Government officers and
contractors go to the brokers and sell Mr. Chase's
very "acceptable uniform"currency at sixty-two
cents per dollar. It is shipped to New York in
the room of gold to pay debts, and for goods. In
January, 1863, the " legal tenders" sold in San
Francisco market at sixty-eight cents per dollar.
In March they sold at fifty cents per dollar. In
July eighty cents per dollar. In December sixty-
eight cents per dollar. These immense fluctua-
tions of a very uniform and acceptable cuirency
in a city of the United States afford a lemarkable
commentary on the financial schemes of the Sec-
retary.
This currency in which the Government has
taken such pride, it has detei mined to supplant
with national bank notes. Under the banking
law, some three hundred and eighty-eight banks,
with over $50,000,000 capital have been organized
for the purpose of putting out bank notes to be a
legal tender between the Government and the peo-
ple, but not among the people. The attempt to
issue this money is on the plea that it is neces-
saty to the " safety of business transactions,M
{t cheapening exchanges," &c.> &c.
These views seem to be entirely at variance
with the facts. In the last thiuy yeat s the capi-
tal of the country has giown very lapidiy, and
with its growth specie cuirency has assumed
greater propoiturns, while a system of stock se-
curity for calculation, and the ligid systuu of
pmmpt ledemptions has brought a gradually de-
creasing amount of paper currency in proportion
to the numb< rs of the people and the amount of
business transacted. The following figuies, taken
fiom the Secretary's report, will show the out-
standing circulation of the bunks of the United
States at the end of each of four decades a^ com-
pared with the aggregate imports and exports
and the number of the people.
Y eai.
Dank
circulation
fmprut^ and
exports.
Population.
Ciieu-
lation
per
head
18.20
.561.:^,89?
.^14t.79'% US
1J,8G6,0Q0
4 75
Jd-10
10o,9GS.57-2
,'1')5
17,069.453
G.25
1650
155.01*2,911
o.Ji),'>37,!l3ri
2*. 191,676
5.50
1860
207,102.477
?62,:2c-6,o50
31.676.-267
6.50
Thus the ciieulation per head has mcieased
but to a limited extent, while the amount of im-
ports and exports per iiead has more than dou-
bled. The same amount of bank currency has
served to transactdouble the business, becauseof
