1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL «G-LOBE.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Democracy of Kentucky, dcc.—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. op Reps*
This action of the leaders of that party in Ohio
convinced the Union men in Kentucky that the
Democracy of the North, following the lead of
such men as Vallandigham, Wood & Co., were
opposed to sustaining the Government and put-
ting an end to the rebellion. The action of that
paity in Ohio was followed by the Democratic
leaders, not only in every State where elections
were held in 1863,butalso in almost all the other
northern States. • In the latter, for the purpose of
misleading the people who had always voted the
Democratic ticket, they called conventions and
passed resolutions sustaining the nomination of
Vallandigham, who had been sent by the Gov-
ernment into exile in the rebel States, where his
sympathies always had been. This banishment
was the result of his opposition, not only to the
conscription law, which he denounced as uncon-
stitutional, but also in consequence of speeches
made in his own and other States, advising the
people not to volunteer in the armies of the Uni-
ted States. For thus discouraging enlistments he
was, by a court-martial, tried, found guilty, and
sent South, within the rebel lines, into a locality
where his nomination for Governor of Ohio was
first made hyarebel paper. During all this time
the contest in Kentucky was becoming sharp and
bittei; the ti ue Union men of the State supporting
the ticket headed by Governor Eramlctte, while
the Democrats and rebel sympathizers followed
the lead of ex-Governor WicklilTe. During that
contest in my State, where did the so-called Dem-
ocratic party of the North stand? Were they for
the Union ticket or for the rebel ticket? Were
they for the election of any man in the State known
to be for sustainfng the Government with all the
means necessary to suppress the rebellion?
Mr. Chairman, the record has been made. I
could, were it necessary, show by almost every
Democratic paper in the North, that they were
the advocates of the election of Wicklifte, and
those occupying the same platform that he did.
Not only so, but many Democratic sheets de-
nounced the election held in my State in 1863 as
a fraud on the great Democratic party of Ken-
tucky; and in almost every Democratic conven-
tion held since that election they have denounced
it in like offensive terms—not in particular dis-
tricts, but throughout the whole State—when in
fact the Union State ticket received a majority of
the legal votes of the State.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the character of the
slanders published to' the people of the United
States in regard to the election held in my State
in 1863, by professed Democratic papers in the
North; and itis with such men on this floor,sym-
pathizing with this party, that I am called upon
to act, and am actually told that it is my duty to
do so under the Union Stateplatform. The charges
made in regaid to the election held in my State
are without any foundation in fact. The election
there was held in strict accordance with the laws
of the Stale, and no one was prevented from vot-
ing who would take the oath prescribed, and no
one refused to take the oath unless he was a rebel
at heart and desired the success of the rebellion.
But, Mr. Chairman, the friends of this party
now on this floor as Representatives are endeav-
oring to confine their denunciations of that elec-
tion to certain districts in the State which have
sent Repiesentativcs here who refuse to act in
concert with the Democratic party.
Having given the action of this party in the
State of Ohio up to the August election in my
State, I now propose, for the purpose of showing
the action of its leaders, to follow them to the great
State of Pennsylvania. On the 17th of June, 1863,
the leaders of tins party met in convention atHar-
iisburg to nominate a candidate for Governor.
The individual selected was Judge Woodward,
who accepted the nomination, and the principles
laid down in the following platform:
"IIarrisburg, June 11.
"On the reassembling of the convention, at eight o'clock
tlio evening* the clmnman of the committee on lesolu-
tions offered the following series, which were unanimously
adopted:
(i Resolved, That wo approve the resolutions upon the
state of the countiv, passed by the House of Representa-
tive^ oi tin* Commonwealth on the 13th day of Apui Ja-t,
and in addition thereto, and as afuither expression ofom
view.-, upon public a flans, do
"Resolve as follows, That we again tenewour fidelity to
the Constitution of the United States, the great charter for
which our forefathers struggled and fought, and which was
established, as they themselves expressed it, ' to foun a
more peifect Union, establish justice, insure tranquillity,
provide for the common defense, promote the general wel-
fare, and to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
posterity.' That inasmuch as the Constitution embodies
the only guarantee we have for public liberty and private
right, as without it we can have no hope of protection from
bloodshed, spoliation, and anarchy, the man who sneers at
the * Constitution as it is' proves himself to be deficient
in the first elements of patriotism, and any officer of the
State or Federal Government who swears'to support the
Constitution, and afterwards, with that oath on his con-
science, willfully violates it, is wholly unworthy of public
confidence. That among the rights which the Constitution
piovides to every citizen, that of being secure in his life,
libei ty, and property, so that he cannot be deprived of ei-
ther without duo form of law—a fair trial by a competent
judge and jury of his neighbors, with witnesses to confront
him and counsel to defend him—is so great in itself, so ne-
cessary to the happiness of the people, for whom all govern-
ment is made, and this is so plainly written down in the
Federal Constitution and in all the State constitutions that
any person who can mbundeistand it has not the mental
capacity which fits htm for a public station.
"Resolved, That we have heard with intense alarm and
deep indignation tli.it some of our political opponents claim
for the President of the United States a power hitherto
wholly unknown m America, and never exercised in Eu-
rope or Asia except by the most despotic monatchs, name-
ly, the power to ariest free citizens lor the expression of
their honest opinions on public affaiis; and that the Presi-
dent has not only presumed toexercise this power himself,
with the modeiation and mercy which his own nature
might prompt, but ha-s delegated it to many subordinates,
and they again trt others in every p irtof tlie country, until
its hideous presence is seen and felt all over the land.
"Resolved, That among the numerous officers to whom
the President has given this terrible power,above the laws
and above the people, there must, m the natuie of things,
be a large pioportion who are totally incapable of wielding
it either honestly oi wisely, namely : poliuciiuis, filled with
partif-an ranror; knave*, who do not care lor justice, and
ruffians who delight m tiamplmg it under foot; and there-
fore we are notsuiprisod to ieatn that the woiihie.-t men
have been torn from their families, judges knocked down
on the bench, ministers of the go^>el nnpiiM>n«,d in loath-
some duugeous, and resectable women and childi entreated
with a biuuhty which ltvvould be indecent even to name;
and all ti)K, in many eases, without a pieten^e, even, of a
political offense, much less of any crime against the laws.
That a free government cannot exist without a free press;
and the constitution of this State, as well as that of the
United States, has declined that it shall be free. Tho&eper-
sons, theiefote, in office, who attempt to suppress books and
newspapers by violence, are the enemies of this Govern-
ment, and ought to be themselves suppie^ed. That we
heaitily thank the lion-heaued Demociacv of Ohio for the
manly vindication they have given to the Coi^utution
against the great crime committed upon it in the arrest and
depottation of Vallandigham, and we assure them of our
cordial sympathy in the gieat struggle they are making tor
their undoubted rights. That the plain duly of the chief
magistrate ot this Commonwealth lequire-* him to use what-
ever power the law has placed in hi-, hands to protect the
State an i the people from lawless outrages, come irom
wiiat quartet they may, and no man is tit to be Governor of
this State who will consent to hold his own iiberttes and
let the people hold theirs at the mere will of the Fedeial
Executive.
" Resolved, That the Democracy of Pennsylvania have
ever been true to the cause of the Union. It was in the
name and for the sake ot the Union that our paity was
made ; that we denounce tlie base insinuation that tiie Dem-
ocratic party entertains now, ever has entertained, or ever
can entertain, the slightest sympathy with the present gi-
gantic rebellion, or with iraitois in aims again>t the Gov-
ernment, or would ever consent to a peace on any term* in-
volving a dismemberment of this Union, as utteiiy unjust;
and in pi oof ot tins we point with exultation to the lavish
contubutions to the war in blood and treaouie heictolbre
and now being made by the hundieda of mou^amK ot Dnn-
ociatic citizen--, who weie among tiie fust to fly to the
rescue of the Union, and peril their lives in its defense.
"Resohed, That,as the true friend.- of the Union, and
feeling a profound anxit ty lor its late, we claim, and will
evcrct e, the right to consider, discus-, ascertain,and wge,
in becoming tenns, upon the peopleandthecoustitutednu-
thorities, whatever measures will, in otu judgment, be most
likely to place and keep tiie whole national Union together
under one Geneial Government.
" Resolved, That when the war began we had the solemn
pledge ot the Federal Administiatton and of the party which
placed it in power, as expres.-ed in the resolution passed
by Congiesa July 22, 18Gi. that it is not waged on their
p'irt in any spuit of oppicafcion, oi for any purpo.-e of con-
quest or subjugation, or for the purpose o! ovei throwing or
jnteiferiug with the rights or established institutions of
thee States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy ol
the Constitution, and to pieseive the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the seveial States unim-
paired, and that a*, soon as these objects «re nccnmpli-hed
the war ought to cca-e, But the Federal Administration,
acting under the influence of a small faction of ultra aboli-
tionists, always opposed to the Union, and without the
consent of the great mass of the people, lias totally changed
its grounds, avowing and proclaiming its purpose to be
wholly different, and thus ir has greatly delayed our just
hope of an honorable peace."
Mr. Chairman, what the great character of the
resolutions were which these refer to, as passed
by the Legislature of that State, Icannottell; but
no matter what they are, since the last resolu-
tion, quoted above, charges " that the Federal Ad-
ministration, acting under the influence of a small
faction of ultra abolitionists, always opposed to
the Union, and without the consent of. the.greak
mass of the people, has totally changed^ the-
grounds of the war;" which is the same charge,1
in substance, as made by Mr. Wickliffe, the Dem-
ocratic candidate for Governor of Kentucky, thus
virtually affirming that the war ought not to be
further prosecuted. There is not one word in
the entire set of resolutions denouncing seces-
sion or rebellion, or pledging the candidates to
aid in furnishing men and money to suppress the
rebellion. But, on the other hand, there is great
sympathy expressed for the martyr and leader of
the Democracy, Mr. Vallandigham. Such is the
record as shown by the party in Pennsylvania.
in the month of July following, the rebels in
arms against theGovernmentof the United States
invaded the State of Pennsylvania, but thanks to
a loyal people, who refused to listen to the teach-
ings of disloyal Democracy, the armies of the Re-
public were sufficient to beat back the rebel
hordes, and when the smoke of the battle at Get-
tysburg had passed away the flag of the country
floated in triumph upon the field of victory, de-
spite the rebels in arms, and their aiders and
abettors in the North. About the time this great
battle was fought and this glorious victory
achieved, there was a disgraceful riot in thegreat
Democratic city of New York, superinduced by
the opposers of the Government in the prosecution
of the war and the enforcement of a draft. An
actor in the scene appears in«the person of Gov-
ernor Seymour, who belongs to, and is in sym-
pathy with, the Vallandigham Democracy, who
addresses the mob, and calls them his friends,
instead of confronting them with the militia of
the State, with orders to shoot down and destroy
the last one of them. They were no doubt friends
to the Democratic party, but they were enemies
of the Government, and aiders of the rebels in
arms against the Government. Th is same Demo-
cratic Governor sent a dispatch to the President
of the United States tosuspend the draft until order
could be restored by conciliation, but the Presi-
dent, like a good law-abiding officer, refused to
listen to the suggestion.
Mr. Chairman, such is the record of the party,
such its showing in favor of loyalty and devotion
to the Government. In thesedaik houisof peril
and gloom, these scenes took place. They are
recorded on the pages of American history, and
will go down to posterity as the patriotic acts of
the Democratic party. But the contest for polit-
ical favor in the North went on.
Notwithstanding the defeat of General Lee at
Gettysburg, and of the mob in the city of New
York, the canvass in tlie great Slates of Ohio and
Pennsylvania grew sharper and warmer as the
day of trial approached. It was a contest be-
tween loyalty and despotism, a contest between
the friends of republican freedom and civil lib-
erty, and those who would surrender this coun-
try into tlie hands of rebels and traitors.
As the day for the election approached, another
actor appeats in the scene; a man who had fought
under the flag of his counti y, and had apparently
done good service—I allude to General George
B. McClellan. On the 12th day of October, 1863,
two days before the election in the States of Ohio
and Pennsylvania, this man, who was once the
idol of the Union men of the country, so far for-
got himself, and the issues involved m these elec-
tions, as to throw his name and influence on the
side of the Vallandigham-Wood waid Democracy.
I quote his letter on the subject:
Orange, New Jersey, October 12, 18G3.
Dear Sir: My attention ha* been called to an articlein
the Philadelphia Press., asserting that I had wiitten to the
managers ot a Demoeiauc meeting at Allentovvn, disap-
proving the objects of the meeting, and that if I voted or
spoke it would be m lavor ot Governor Curtni, and 1 am
informed that similar assertions have been made through-
out ilu* State.
it has been mv earnest endeavor heretofoie to avoid par-
ticipation in party polities. I iiad determined to adhere to
this course, but u is obvious that I cannot longer maintain
silence under such misrepresentations. I theiefore re-
quest \ou to deny that i have written any such letter, or
entertained any such views as those attributed to mo in the
Philadelphia Piess, ami I de>he to tutc ckailyand dis-
tinctly, that having some days ago had a full conversation
with Judge Woodvvaid, f find that our views agree, and I
regard hi  election as Governor of Pennsylvania failed for
by the interests of the natio*.
