102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 5,
38tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Democracy of Kentucky, &c.—Mr. Anderson.
Ho. of Reps.
J understand Judge, Woodwatd to bo in favor of the pros-
ecution of the war with all the means at the command of
the loyal States, unit! the mihtaiy power of the lebellion
is destroyed. I understand him to be of the opinion that
while the war i.* utged with nil possible decision and en-
ergy, the policy directing it should be in consonance with
the principles of humanity and civilization, working noin-
jury 10 puvate rights and property not demanded by mili-
tary necessity and recognized by military law among civil-
ized nations.
And, finally, I understand him to agree with me in the
opinion that the sole great objects of this war arc the res-
toration of the unity of the nation, the preservation of the
Constitution, and the supremacy of the laws of the coun-
try. Believing our opinions enthely .igiee upou these
points, I would, were it in my powei,give to Judge Wood-
ward my voice and vote.
I am, very respectfully, youis,
GI30KGE B. McCLELLAN,
Hon. Ciia.tit.es J. Riddle.
Thus it will be seen that. General McClcllan,
after a free and full conversation with Judge
Woodward, comes to the conclusion that "ho
understands Judge Woodward to'be in favor of
the prosecution of the war with all the means at
the command of the loyal States, until the mili-
tary power of the rebellion is destroyed." He
seemed to be at a loss to tell how the Judge stood
by the platform on which he was nominated, and
which he (Woodward) accepted, or from any pub-
lic declaration he had made; but it remained to
find out the opinions of the judge, on the groat
and important questions involved, by a private,
free, and full conversation with him. The plat-
form, however, on which the judge was nomi-
nated denounced the arrest atid banishment of
Mr. Vnllandigham, and expressed gteat sympa-
thy with the Democracy of Ohio for such a vio-
huton of their undoubted rights.
Mr. Chairman, this is the same Judge Wood-
waul who decided that the soldiers from the State
of Pennsylvania, who had volunteered under the.
flag of thoir country, were not, under the act of
the Legislature of that State, entitled to vote; but
that the act referred to was unconstitutional and
void; and he also decided that the conscript law
was unconstitutional. Hut this same Judge Wood-
ward and his party became exceedingly indig-
nant when thelawsof the State of Kentucky, pro-
hibiting rebels in arms and their sympathizing
allies liom voting, are enforced by the officers of
that State, and they denounce our election as a
fraud upon the people, and a farce.
Such was the man, Mr. Chairman,that General
McClcllan desired to see elected Governor of
Pennsylvania, over GovernorCurtin, a true, tried,
and devoted patriot. Sir, when General McClel-
lan wrote that letter he destroyed his influence
and t>lauding with the Union men of this country,
lie cut himself loose from true patriots, and joined
hands wiih those who opposed the Government
in putting an end to the rebellion. "By this action
he has identified himself with the Yallundighnm
Democracy, with whom the Union men of Ken-
tucky cannot consistently, and never will, in my
judgment, act.
1 might go on, Mr. Chairman, and show by
the ree.oid that the leaders of the so-called Dem-
ocratic party have assumed the same position in
other States; that is, opposition to the future
prosecution of the war; but it is unnecessary, for
it is written on almost every page of the history
of this rebellion that their position now is, and
has been for more than one year, that no more men
or money should be voted to crush the rebellion
by fotceofnrms. On tbisdistinctand vital issue,
the contest in the loyal States in 1863, for polit-
ical power, was made and squarely presented.
And it was decisively decided by the voice of a
fiee and enlightened people against them. When
the aim, on the 14th day of October, 1863, went
down, the decision in the States of Ohio and Penn-
sylvania was made, and when the news was tel-
egraphed North and South, the greeting of every
Union man was, All honor to Ohio, the Buckeye
State, and, God bless old Pennsylvania. They
are as firm in their devotion to freedom as their
sous were to the flag on the bloody field of Get-
tysburg. Who was there m the border States
that loved his country better than party or trea-
son that did not rejoice at the election of John
ftrough, by one hundred thousand majority over
Vallandigham, and who did not shout for the elec-
tion of Governor Curtin over Woodward ? Every
Union man in Kentucky rejoiced at the success j
cf these men, but every rebel-sympathizing Dem- !
ocrat hung his head in sorrow for the defeat of
those they regarded as their friends.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the history of this
party, as shown by its acts and conduct up to the
meeting of Congress in December last. Then the
issue was presented to the Union Representatives
of Kentucky, how tirey should act in the organ-
ization of this House. We had either to act with
the Union men of the North, and give them the
organization of the House, or act with the De-
mocracy, and give them the organization; in other
words, to give the power to those known to be in
favorof destroying the rebellion by forceofarms,
or to place the power in the hands of those who
were opposed to furnishing the means necessary
to speedily end this war by military force. Being
pledged myself to the platform of the Union party
in my State to sustain the loyal agents of the Gov-
ernment " with all the resources of that State,"if
necessary, I could not, as a Representative, do
otherwise than keep my pledge and vote for the
nominees of the Union party in this House, ne-
cessary for its organization. For this 1 have been
charged with a violation of the platform of my
party in the State of Kentucky. Not only so,
but have been denounced as an abolitionist by
that loyal shed and would-be organ of the Union
party of Kentucky, the Louisville Journal.
Mr. Chairman, the vote I gave for Speaker was
in strict conformity with the platform of the Union
party in Kentucky; and so far as the chaige of
abohtkmism is conccrncd, it is an old, worn-out
charge, always made use of by certain men when
they have no other argument. But the idea of
the Journal charging the Representatives on this
floor from Kentucky, who voted for the honorable
gentleman from Indiana for Speaker, as being
abolitionists is simply ridiculous, especially when
it is known that the senior editor of that paper
has been charged by the Democratic parly with
abolitionism for the last twenty years; and they
have further chaiged that befoie that gentleman
left the land of steady habits, the State of Con-
necticut, he wrote a book, in which he appeared
to bo so anxious for the abolition of slavery in
the United States that he wanted "the Lord to
meet them in the air to free them." I know of
no party in this country to-day who propose to
go as high vp for this purpose. This charge of
being an abolitionist, Mr. Chairman, cannot de-
ter or drive me from a full discharge of my duty.
I was born and reaied in the State of Kentucky;
have been identified with slavery all my life; own
slaves to-day. But, sir, my slaves, nor all the
slaves in Kentucky, cannot make me disloyal or
traitorous to my country. If slavery is being
destroyed it is the result of this wicked rebellion;
and my judgment is that when the rebellion is
destroyed this institution will go with it.
Sir, when this war was inaugurated by the rebels
and traitois, the Government of the United States
called on my Slate to furnish her quota of troops
to maintain the honor of the Government and up-
hold its flag. Governor Magoffin responded to
the call, and said that Kentucky would not fur-
nish a man or a dollar. In less than six months
from the date of that response, the rebels and trai-
tors in arms against our Government invaded
Kentucky, for the purpose of forcing her people
to join them in their unholy crusade for the de-
sti uction of the Government of the United States.
And this invasion was made after the people of
my State had three times in succession, in 1861,
voted at the ballot-box to remain in the Union.
Being thus invaded, and without the necessary
means to protect ourselves from these traitorous
hordes, the Legislature of the State (not the Gov-
ernor) called on the national Government for aid
to drive the invaders from the soil of the State,
and nobly did the Government respond to that
call. Troops poured into the State from Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and other States, and they were
met and received with joy and pride by every
Union man.
These men, who had left their homes, firesides,
and all that was dear to them on earth,came to our
relief in thatdark hour of peril andgioom. They
stood up side by side and shoulder to shoulder
with the Kentuckians, under the same flag, and
fighting in the same holy cause against a com-
mon foe. Noqt^pslions were asked of those men,
whether they were Republicans or Democrats, or
whether they were for slavery or against it, but
the vital, overshadowing issue was, the life of the
Government is at stake, the honor, the lives, and
liberties of the people of Kentucky are involved
and jeopardized. Her citizens were beingarrested
and imprisoned, her fields were being devastated,
and the rebels would have succeeded in the com-
plete destruction and subjugation of the State had
it not been for the timely aid given us by the na-
tional Government. With such "help we were able
to drive the rebels and traitors from our border,
not, however, without bloody conflicts, for the
soil of my State was wpt with the blood of loyaj
Kentuckmns and their allies and friends from
other States who stood up with them on the field
of battle. And to-day there are lying beneath the
soil of Kentucky the bones of thousands of mar-
tyrs to the cause of the free principles of this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. Chairman, if Kentuckians can fight under
the same flag with northern men in the same holy
cause, is there any crime ? Can it be criminal in
me, a Kentuckian, on this floor as a Representa-
tive in Congress, to vote with and for northern
men to sustain these soldiers now in the field?
Could I do less, and maintain my pledge made
long before the meeting of this Congress, than to
give the vote I did ?
Mr. Chairman, the vote I gave for SpeaSer was
right. The acts and conduct of the Opposition or
Democratic party on this floor since that vote was
given confirm it. To show their opposition to
the prosecution of the war, I will refer to facts
which have transpired here. On the 17th of De-
cember last, my colleague fronwKentucky [Mr.
Smith] introduced a series of resolutions, as fol-
lows:
"Mr. Smith submitted the following resolutions, upon
which he demanded the previous question:
" 1. Resolved, That as our country,and the very existence
of the best Government ever instituted by man, are imper-
iled by the most causele>s and wicked rebellion that the
world has seen, and believing, as we do, that the only hope
of saving this country and preserving this Government is
by the power of the sword, we are for the most vigorous
prosecution of the war until the Constitution and laws shall
be enforced and obeyed in all parts of the United States;
and to that end we oppose any armistice or inteivention,or
mediation, or pioposition for peace, fiom any qumter, so
long as there t-hall be found a rebel in arms against the
Government; and wc ignore all party names, lines, and is-
sues, and recognize but two p.uues in this w ar— pan tots
and traitors.
" 0. Resolved, That we hold it to be the duty of Congress
to pass all necessary bills to supply men and money, and
the duty of the people to rendertjvery aid m their power to
the constituted authorities of the Government in the crush-
ing out of the icbolimn, and in bringing the leaders thereof
to condign punbhmcnt.
"3. RcsoCved, That our thanks arc tendeicd to our sol-
dieis in the field for their gallantry in defending and up-
holding the flag of the Union, and defending the gieatprni-
eipies dear to every American patriot.
"Mr. Cravens. Cannot wu divide the icsointions?
"The Si'EAictR. Theie can tie a separate vote on their
adoption.
" Mi. Griper. Is it in oider to move that the re-solu-
tioni he ovci and bo punted?
" The Speaker. It K not, the gentleman from Kentucky
having demanded the piovious question.
" Mr. W. J. Allen. Js it in order to amend the ie&olu-
tion* ?
"The Speaker. Not unless the previous question be
voted down.
''The House divided on the demand for the previous
question; and theie weie—ayes 60, noes 6; no quorum
voting.
"Mr. Stevkns eallcd foi teller.
"Tellers were oidered ; and Messrs. Cot.p, of California,
and Ih.iss wcie appointed.
"Mr. Mallory. i hope the irsolution will he again
read, and I think if the vote bo taken again theie will be a
quotum.
" The resolutions weie again read.
" Mr. IIolman. X suggest that thcic be a xecount with-
out ti'lleis.
" The Speakcr. That can be done only by unanimous
consent, it there be no objection, the Chair willagam
count tlie flousc.
" No objection was made.
"The House again divided; and there were—ayes 99,
noes ]2.
"So the pieviotis question was- seconded,
" The mam question was then ordered.
" Mr. Holma.v called for a division of the question.
" The Speaker stated that the question would be on the
adoption of the first resolution.
"Mi. Lovejoy demanded the yeas and nays.
" The yeas and na>s were oidercd.
"The Cietk pio^eeded to call the roll.
" During the call,
"Mi. Maixory said: I liseto a point oi order. The
icsolution on which the House is voting is not the one that
is called the fir^t resolution by the gentleman who intro-
duced them.
41 The Speaker. The Chair is informed that by mistake
