1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
so?'i6us islis, tempus egetIn homely phrase, We
clonot wantany such help as yours. You fellows
on the Democratic side of the House must stand
off. We will run the legislative machine as ex-
clusively ours! Even now, when the paper
money, if not the vvoodep horse, is entering our
Troy, when gold is going; hopelessly to the grave,
if not already gone, and Hecuba admonishes her
unhappy Priam of his impending fate, 1 hoar ring-
ing in my ears the inappropriate malediction,
'Jfon tali auxilio. Well, well! a tax upon us of
0340,000,000 per annum, and it may be upon our
children and our children's children—all that de-
pending upon the aggregate amount of debt the
war entails upon them. I turn from the dark and
yet darkening future to repeat, upon yon, then,
Republicans, devolves the responsibility of this
tax bill. There will be no obstacles thrown in
your way from this side of the House, I think,
-though 1 have no right thus to pledge. Indeed,
We will facilitate your work all that is in our power,
by furnishing you with a quorum for the trans-
action of public business, and by standing up as
figure-henda to be counted. There is little else
left to us in this House, save to be thus useful
as tokens to be counted. The ordinary privilege
that every man has, white or black, is, when the
census is taken, to be counted at least once in the
general enumeration; and we are here now to be
counted when you want us to make a quorum of
the House. The tax bill is yours, and all the
honors and responsibilities.
The honorable gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] also throws in a little more light. He
says Unit the expenditures of the Government foi
fiscal year ending June 30,16G4, are to exceed
the estimates. Although there are still two and
a'half months of the fiscal year to elapse, the ex-
penditures have'already exceeded the estimates of
Mr. Chase. The gentleman from Vermont ac-
counts for it by the $100,000,000 appropriated for
bounties and the two hundred thousand soldiers
added to our Army. A Secretary with foresight
ought to have foreseen, m his annual estimates,
that these bounties were necessary. He would
have foreseen the numberofmen necessary, and
would not have had to come, as he will now Ikivc
to come at the opening of the next session of Con-
gress, with a fresh deficiency bill like that of the
fast, say with some $106,000,000.
The gentleman from Vermont also stated an-
other fact—a confession, too, of no inconsidera-
ble importance, although it is not admitted by
my honorable colleague, [Mr. Stebbins;] which
is, that hyswelltnglhevolume of currency noth-
ing is added to the values of property. Six hun-
dred million dollars of paper cturency, he well
says, will not buy moie than $400,000,000. The
fact is an important one; and 1 wifch jtto be borne
in mind not only by that but by this side of the
House. J wish the whole House to act on that
admission of the chancellor of the budget in the
Committee of Ways and Means—for my honor-
able friend fioni Vermont seems to be chancellor
. ofthe budget, while the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [M r. Hooper] is chancellor of the
•exchequer; and the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is a sort of political
lord chancellor, who overlooks his colleagues,
and brings up the great rear guard when any
seem to be filling,
My honorable colleague [Mr. Stebbins] has
been indulging in most glowing oulogies, quoting
Macaulayand other writers upon the British sys-
tem of debt and taxation. The wholescope of his
nddreps has been to prove, or to try to prove, that
the British system in itself, if not a lovely and
perfect system of society, is nevertheless an en-
durable system, and such as should be copied by
us. Why, it was because of British taxation that
our grt.tt Revolution of 1770 broke out. It. was
only a tax upon tea that simulated the American
revolt, and that brought about the independence
of the United States. 11 has been British debt and
British taxation that have driven out, and are driv-
ing out now, thousands and tens of thousands of
the British people from the fast-anchored island
to the snows of Canada and the distant shores of
Australia, so that i' has been well suid that the
morning drum of the British soldier encircles the
globe as if beats with the rismgsun. The Btiton
|s everywhere because his home is too heavily
taxed. The whole earth jh filled with English-
Wen. because fh^v ccum<°>t live under Br>?:>h debt
and British taxation. Ireland! Why does Ire-
land lose her population, and show a decrease in
the census? Hapless Ireland ! Why is the Irish-
man here, there, end everywhere, fleeing from
Bntish thralldom and British taxation? Why is
Scotland more or less depopulated from the north-
ernmost shore to the Lowlands? Why but be-
cause of British taxation? Why is England now
not raising enough to feed her own people? Why
is she dependent on other nations for the very
bread that she eats? Why are her people now
driven from the green fields and bright sun into
cellars thirty feet under ground, into garrets six
and seven stories high, into mines where daylight
never enters, into workshops where woikmen la-
bor ten, twelvp, and fourteen hours a day, earn-
ing hardly sustenance enough for human life?
Why but for#his system of British taxation and
British debt, which my honorable colleague holds
up to us as a beau ideal, as a Utopia to be copied ?
Sir, it may be our misfortune to be doomed to
British taxation, but solace us with the eheeiing^
intelligence that it is necessary for the support ot
our institutions, and not lacerate us with the idea
that because England and Ireland and Scotland
have endured the burden of an immense debt and
taxation we too should endure the same heavy
burden on our shoulders.
Away,then, with all such language and such
reasoning as that,and never hold up to the Amer-
ican people the beauties of taxation as displayed
in the political or social system of England, Scot-
land, or Ireland. Debt is doom, is living death
to any people. Taxation is the consuming par-
asite of debt. Debt is but another name for sla-
very. The tax-payer is the slave, to a certain
extent, of the debt-owner. He who owns my
labor, or the proceeds of my labor, owns me. lie
who lias a mortgage upon my house or my farm
to pay the interest upon the debt I owe him owns
to that extent my house or my farm. H'mce
with great national debts come great political and
social changes among peoples. Republican msti-
tutionsare impossible iuEngland, because of her
enormous debt and consequent enormous taxa-
tion. The ohgaieby of capital ever inexorably
links itself with the aristocracy of both. Hence
the oligarchy of capital in England is ever m alli-
ance with the aristocracy of the State. No pro-
slavery institution in the South was ever severer
upon a southern slave than is the oligarchy of
capital in England, created by British debt and
Biitish taxation, upon labor and industry. An
aristocracy, a House of Lords, a king and queen
are indispensably necessary to support such a
system of debt, and to impose such a system of
taxation'upon the Ruthsh people.
Thus mm.h, sir, in reply to some portion of the
remarks of my honorable colleague and of the hon-
ou\J>le gentleman from Vermont. I now proceed
to take a more statistical view, a moie figurative
view of the question of taxation as suggested by
this bill.
1 beg both sides of the House to bear in mind
this fact, that taxation may not always be income;
that f300,000,000 levied in taxation does not al-
ways produce that result to the revenue. Listen
t(V me and you will appreciate my logic. The
Secretary of the Tieasury i*n his annual report
lays down the expenditures of this Government
ut $800,000,000 per annum. If now you increase
the volume of the cuirency fifty per cent, you add
this fifty per cent, to the pi ice of all the propeity
of the eountry, and hence, of course, you add
$400,000,000 on to the price of the §800,000,000,
the annual expenditure of the country. The tax
bill before uh has in it, we are told, $300,000,000
only, so that if while you swell the volume of the
currency $400,000,000 you tax but$300,000,000,
you lose in your puichases ^100,000,000, instead
of gaining: anything by your taxation. The cur-
lrncy, then, the character and the quantity of the
currency, in which the taxation is to be collected
becomes n matter primary even to the considera-
tion of the tax bill before us.
The whole tendency of the action of^the Secre-
tary of the Treasur j'—1 will not pay of Congress—
but the whole ?end<'ucv ot tne action of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has been to increase the
volume of the curr; ncy. I repeat that,upon our
expenditure of $800,000,000 he has increased the
nominal valuesof property $400,000,000. So that
whatever he has to bi~y of powder or munitions
I of war; of clothing or food for man or beast, or
of anything whatever for our Army, costs him
fifty per cent, more than it did at the commence-
ment of the war, thereby increasing the national
debt fifty per cent, for the present year beyond
what it would have been with the same amouftt
of currency he started with at the beginning of
the war.
Hence, in looking at this question in a practical
point of view, the first thing to be considered m
connection with taxation is currency; currency,
the basis upon which alLproperty stands, that
ought-to-be solid foundation of society upon
which everything is erected. Currency I Cur-
rency should go before taxation, or currency and
taxation should walk arm in arm together in the
public consideration.
Mr. Chairman, there is a question of veracity
between somebody in a high place and the pub-
lic outside that ought to be settled before we go
further; and that is, in refeience to this volume
of currency. Indeed, the question has been set-
tled to-day in this House, to some degree, by the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mobrii.l] in ad-
mitting thflt the currency of the country was
$600,000,000, and not the $400,000,000 only, the
Secietai y of the Treasury insists upon its being
now, even al this late dav.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
report to Congress, which I have before me, as-
sured us in December last that the volume of
the currency should not rise above nor beyond
$400,000,000. And my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Stebbins,] with a large amount of confidence, not
to say credulity, in the statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in a late speech (March
3) which he delivered in this House, read this
extract from the report:
"Congiess believed that $400,000,000 would suffice for
these puipose-, [to fill up the deficit of coin, &c.,J and
Iheielore limited issues to that sum. The Secretaiy pio-
po-.es no change ol tins limitation, and places no reliance,
theieloie, on any inciease of resouiees 1'ioin meieaso of
cumulation. Additional loans m tins mode v\ ou!d, indeed,
ahuoM ceitainly piovo tllu-oiy; for diminished value could
hardly Jail to n eutiulize mu eased amount."
And here follows the comment of my honor-
able colleague theieon:
" Ileic is an official declaration that $100,000,OOOof eur-
icney have been supplied, and <u e the outside limit to winch
the Secieimy will consent, although the law allows an is-
sue of $450,000,000. Ought nut the countty to be satisfied
vitk this, the assurance oj the Seoetaty oj the Tieawry
under his ojjicial signature!"
What confidence could well have been greater
than my honorable colleague i epo;sed in the pledge
of the honorable Secretary of the Treasury? In-
deed, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury in a late
letter to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance in another bronch of Congress, writes:
Treasury Depaetmfnt, jlpul 12,1864.
Sir- Notwithstanding the i>imiiUf<hed amount ot United
States notes in ciiculation, and the gnulual wUhihaival
from use us cut rency of ititere&t-bearin* United States uoieit
nee ilea legal tendn lor then face, the price of gold con-
tinues to advance. Thus effect can only lie attiibutcd to
one oi two causes, and is probably due in part to each.
First, to the increase of' notes oj local l>un'>.s ; and secondly,
to the efforts ot ^peeulaiois.
i have already submitted, through you, to the considera-
tion of tile t'ommutee on Finance a bill intended as a iem-
edy toi the tir-t oviS. I now beg lea% e to submit t<  its con-
sideration a bill intended ,l!> ■' i<'inedy for the second.
The first hill, if if become a law, will have, 1 doubt not,
the mo.st salutary consequences. The effect ol the second^
witl pr.ibablv be moie immediate, though peihaps not of
such petinanent impostanee.
I as-k toi both a eand.d eonsideiation, and, if approved,
the tavoiahle action of Confess.
It must not be thought, however, that 1 repaid either or
both of these niea-ures as adequate remedies tor financial
disorder-. Nothing short oi taxation to one half of the
amount of our cuneiit expenditure ami a reduction of
those expenditures to the lowest point compatible with effi-
ciency will insuie financial success to the Government.
And without iniiiiaiv .succe&d all me.isuies \v ill lad.
Very respect.uliy, }oar^, ri P. OllASD,
Secretary of the Ticusufy.
'! Hon. W. P. Fgssendev. Chub man Committee on Finance.
'I I am amazed by that letter of the Secretary of
;j the Treasury! 1 know not how properly to char-
'i acferize it. For so humble an individual as my-
ji «e]f, though occupying an exalted position as a
j Representative of the people here, to speak of it
; in the plain, rough language of truth, would, if
parliamentary here on the floor of the House,
'! seem indecorous elsewhere. To pronounce that
i! a Secrctui y of the Treasury wt ites that of winch
11 he knowp nothing, or, to take the other niter native,
'■ { that hu letter isa gross misrepresentation of tacts
|J or a gross perversion of the truth would be in-
l\ decorous, and therefore I will not characterize
