1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•685
But I propose, siiv to listen, to wait^ to learn,
and to sit at the felt of these Gamaliels until i
shall see the line and the path of duty made clear
and plain. If they will throw as few obstacles
as a sense and conviction of their duty will per-
mit them in the way of the proper discharge of
their functions by the Committee of Elections, I
will assure those gentlemen, distinguished heads
and leaders of a committee appointed in this
House to consider an important subject, I will
throw no obstacle in the way of their coming to
a grave and proper conclusion. It may be that,
in the forming of the Constitution of this Gov-
ernment it was the idea of our fathers that the
States, as States, were to be represented in the
other branch of Congress, and that the people,
as a people, were to be represented in this branch
of Congress, and that our fathers foreseeing, not
the great and overshadowing proportions of any
such rebellion as this, but that there might prob-
ably come a time when the State governments
would fail to cooperate with the national Govern-
ment in securing to the people of those States rep.
resentation, clothcd Congress with the power of
prescribing the mode and manner of the election
of Representativesin Congress by theinhabitants
occupying a particular geographical district, with-
out dependence upon or the necessity for the co-
operation of the State itself. I simply throw this
out as a suggestion, for I am to wait for the learn-
ing which will be brought to bear on this subject
by that committee which is to this House its eyes
and its ears on that great subject.
The gentleman, my colleague, says that there
cannot be such a thing as a State while there is
no State organization. If the gentleman means
by State organization Governors and legislators,
then I say there is no more necessity for the ex-
istence of legislators in a State, to secure repre-
sentation here to the people of ageographical dis-
trict of a State, than there is that there shail be
constables, in full glory, in that district. The pre-
cedents and history of the whole Government
are against any such conclusion as that. If I re-
member, Arkansas entered this Union as one of
the sister States in the olden time, and her Rep-
resentatives admitted upon this floor before there
had existed any State Legislature there. She
was admitted in that way in accordance with the
opinion of the then Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States. Michigan, by having a constitution
which by the act of admission was ratified and
sanctioned by the Government as republican in
form, sprang into existence as a State by a vote
of this House and the other branch without le-
gislators, and her Representatives were admitted
here before the organization of her State govern-
ment. So with Kansas and with California. Cal-
ifornia was under a military governor, I will tell
my fiiend.
Mr. SHANNON. If the gentleman will per-
mit me I will make a lemark in reference to the
case of California. She was admitted into this
Union when she was under a military governor.
Mr. DAWES. I was going to say that myself.
Mr. SHANNON. By mere formal recom-
mendation of the Secretary of State, on the sug-
gestion of the President of the United States, the
military governor of California called a conven-
vcntion to frame a State constitution, and so little
was known of the population that the members
had to be apportioned according to territory, and
not according to population. A constitution of
State government was formed, and they sent that
here with Senators and Representatives, demand-
ing 'idmission as a State into the Union. The
slave power was then in eontiol here, and it re-
fused to admit them, upon the mere pretext that
the Missoui i compromise line of 3G° 30' extended
to the Pacific. That would have cut the State in
two and made the luwer half a slave State. She
was under a military governor when she was
admitted.
Mr. DAWES. I wish simply to state, in an-
swer to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Steven's,] what has been so well stated by my
fnend from California in reference to there being
a military governor in that State previous to her
admission into the Union. That military gov-
ernor instituted lules and regulations which had
the force of law in that Territory touching the
collection of the revenue of the United States.
When the question came up before the Supreme
Court of the United States they decided contrary
to the position taken by my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, who, the other day, interrogated the gen-
tleman from Louisiana with apparent triumph to
knowthe basisand authority for the appointment
of a military governor for that State. The rules
and regulations of the military governor of Cali-
fornia, which had the force of law for the collec-
tion of revenue in that State, were sanctioned by
the Supreme Court of the United States. I had
the book here and read from it during the last
Congress in the heaiingof my friend from Penn-
sylvania and during the discussion of the Louis-
iana case. Thus much upon the question of re-
ferring these credentials to the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. Speaker, I can see very well what grave
questions are to trouble us in the discussion of this
subject upon this floor. In the examination of
the questions which come before the Committee
of Elections, they have hitherto not found it ne-
cessary to involve those graver and more serious
questions; and I trust that they may be able to
put them off still further. I trust that they may
be able to get through without the discussion of
collateral questions.
Mr. Speaker, I do not assume, as my friend from
Maryland has assumed, that Arkansas or any
other State has the power at any time to break up
this Union, for I have supposed that we have
been for three years long defying and denouncing
the men in rebellion, saying to them, " You shall
not accomplish what you aie attempting to ac-
complish. You shall not take these States outof
the Union and achieve what you seek to accom-
plish." It was the language here of the leaders
of rebellion in the winter of 1860-G1, "Seces-
sion is an accomplished fact." I pray members
not to adopt that language. Never at any mo-
ment did the majority of the people of Arkansas,
that people that my colleague strangely asserts
are omnipotent at all times, whether they spoke
constitutionally or not, or according to the limit-
ations they have placed upon themselves or not;
never did that majority ever set aside their consti-
tutional obligations; and when the confusion and
smoke of this war and this discussion shall have
passed away it will appear that at no time did
there exist a majority of these people to attempt
to do that which we have declared before the na-
tions of the world they shall never do, and that
they never can do, because we are one people.
Not one thiid, in my belief, and aecouling to the
facts which have come to my knowledge, did
there ever exist in that State who were disposed
to take that State out of the Union if they had the
power; arid to say to that one third, that miser-
able, deluded, wicked set of rebels that have suc-
ceeded in accomplishing that which we have waged
two years of bloody war to prevent them fiom r
doing, is what I do not propose to say at least j
upon this question of reference to the Committee j
of Elections, and, I tiust in God, shall never be j
called upon to say. And therefore it is, I tiust, !
the House will dispose nf this. I yield to rav !
friend from Maryland, according to agreement, to j
lenew the motion to lay the credentials on the j
table. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will detain the j
House with but one or two more observations, j
Before I proceed I ask to enter a privileged mo- \
tion. 1 move to reconsider the vote of the House j
by which the bill of the House (No. 244) to guar- I
anty to certain States whose governments have ,
been usuiped or overthrown a republican form of
government was yesterday iccommitted to the j
select committee on the rebellious States. [
The motion was entered and passed over for the ;
present. I
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The observations j
of the gentleman from Massachusetts conceded i
everything 1 desired to accomplish by my action.
I merely wished to call the attention of the House ii
to the gravity of the questions involved in the or- ;j
dinary reference to the Committee of Elections. |!
I wish the House to understand that they do not <{
merely pass upon the question whether the gen-
tleman who is the claimant had received so many j |
votes or whether somebody else had received so I
many votes; but they pass upon the question ij
whether a small proportion of the small popula- !i
tion of Arkansas shall send here a Representative , j
to help eontiol the lesidue of the nation; whether ;
they shall be entitled to send Scrmtois to the other ,!
House of Congress; whether they shall be en- ,i
titled to send electors of Presidentand Vice Presi-
dent, possibly to turn the balance of the presi-
dential electors. Those are the questions involved,
and the discussion has developed them to my sat-
isfaction.
When, however, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] refers to the mode in which
States have been recognized from Territories of
the United States, and when he says they have
been admitted simply by the admission of their
members upon this noor,he concedes everything
that justifies the motion I made; because he ad-
mits that if this gentleman is admitted upon this
floor, it carries with it an admission in this House
that there is a State government organized and
existing in Arkansas, which we have recognized
and which we cannot refuse to recognize. The
admission carries with it everything that induced
me to make the motion.
As he has referred to the case of Michigan and
the case of California, I desire to say that Cali-
fornia, as I remember the law, was admitted by
nn act of the two Houses of Congress, signed by
the President. It is said in objection that no pre-
cedent act of Congress had authorized them to
form a government. That is true; and although
it might have been more formal for that act to
have preceded it, yet it was in the competency
of Congress to recognize what the people had
done, and their recognition made it law. And
now if we recognize what the people in this dis-
trict have done we make it a law, not simply with
reference to the seat of this gentleman, but with
reference to the whole government of Arkansas;
because if one man can be so elected and admit-
ted, his admission concludes everything,
Hence the importance of the House deliber-
ately forming its own judgment whether or not
there is a government in Arkansas that can send
members here to help the rest of the Representa-
tives of the United States, or to increase or di-
minish the ruling majority in this House, or to
help decide the presidential election next fall. For
these are the questions we are to decide by our
act, and not whether the claimant has votes enough
to entitle him, under ordinary circumstances, to
a seat in this House.
But there is another point which I am unwill-
ing to pass over without a single observation.
For the sake of the American name, for the re-
spect of republican government, for the sake of
the precedent to posterity, 1 enter my protest
against any paper being considered- a certificate
of election whose highest sanction is the name of
the provost marshal of the district. Let me refer
to the proclamation of General Banks. I refer
to it because dangerous doctrines are gaining a
hold upon the public mind, in my judgment,
touching the foundations of the Republic. No
man has a greater regard for General Banks than
I have; but I shudder when I find his proclama-
tion summoning the people of Louisiana to an
election under a declaration that martial law is
the fundamental law of the State of Louisiana.
And here in this case what do we find? The
provost marshal at Port Smith, Arkansas, issues
this paper:
"This is to certify that Volney V. Milorls a duly author-
ized commissioner of elections i'u and for Sebastian county
in tlK' .Sl.ue of Arkansas, and is a duly authorized acting
eommir^iorierin and forthe congressional district of lioith-
wi'-ti'i it Arkan-a*, appointed as such agent by the Union
Association oft!i« State of Arkansas.
A provost maishal cei tifics that a political cau-
cus, getting together in a corner, authorized a
man to erect a State in Arkansas! If there were
no other ground, Mr. Speaker, I would protest
against referring this paper to any committee.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say to the gentleman
from Maryland thatthecertificates of all the Rep-
resentatives from Virginia for the last fifty years
have been signed by a commissioner of elections,
and the gentleman has never been shocked thereat
till to-day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Massachusetts does not perceive the point.
It is not whether the law of a State may prescribe
one species of certificate or another, but it is that
it appears on the face of the paper produced thac
the only authentic certificate is that of a provost
marshal, the marshal of a camp, the executive
officer of a military organization! That is not the
law of Arkansas. And he does not certify to the
election, but he certifies to the fact that this man
Milor was appointed " ae such agent by the Union
