2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
provided the scheme is not full of frauds. I know
ihe {Senator from Michigan wants to raise reve-
nue,
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly I do.
iVlr. CLARK. One Senator wants a discrim-
ination between fine-cut and cavendish; another
does not-want it. If these gentlemen will settle
among themselves what it ought to be—it is a
matter of their own "superstition," as the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] once said—and give
the Government the revenue, I shall be entirely
content. If there is-any discrimination in favor
of Connecticut, let the Senator from Missouri
propose a'higher tax on cigars, and if he can sat-
isfy *nc that it will not drive them out of the mar-
5ket (add I shall be readily satisfied) 1 will go
with him. All I desire is that the Senate shall
fix the rate for itself; Senators can judge pretty
much what the article will bear. They will bear
in mind that this manufactured tobacco is the very
best kind of tobacco used. Out of one hundred
hogsheads, perhaps thirty or forty can be used
.for manufactured tobacco; the very best produc-
tion *ta assorted for that purpose, if this vote is
reconsidered and the rate put down, if that is
thought to behest, I am satisfied, or if it is re-
tained I am t-atisfied; or if it is just that there
shall beadiscrimination,I am satisfied with that.
I think a discrimination is not just; but if the
Senate'shall decide otherwise, 1 shall be content.
I am not lor a disciimination in favor of any ar-
ticle or any section.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire simply to state
that in i8(>2, when the original bill was passed, I
made a lengthy argument in relation to the very
distinction which was made between manufac-
tured tobacco and manufactured cigars. 1 am
upon the record on that subject.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator did not understand
me as refemns; to his course?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator's remark*,
however, would leave the impression that heie-
tofore, two years since, when the discrimination
was made, it passed and 1 made no complaint aim tit
it. I did make complaint when the original act
was passed, and pointed outthese very difficulties.
1 remember it distinctly. I have not Mem d to it
since, 'nit I did make on argument against the
distinction made at thai time. I said nothing then
shout the "East or the West, the Noith or tlu
South; hut I did this morning refer to locality,
and in speaking of it i did not intend to charge
the Senator with designing to give any preference
to the East or to any part of the country, but 1 did
intend to let him know that 1 thought he did not
understand ihe subject perfectly \vt 11. There are
p.-uues here who me eternally insisting upon this
thing and that thing being done for then- own pri-
vate interest; and the Senabor, 1 think, does not
know enough about this tobao.o question (and he
confesses that he does not) to discriminate clearly
between the light and the wrong as may be sug-
gested to him. That is my honest opinion about
him, and I intended to say nothing mo#e. 1 do not
think the Senator intends to benefit any section of
the countty; ( do not desire to lie so understood;
but 1 do think he has been imposed upon in ie-
gard to this thin
Ah. CLARK.'
make: I did no
did I intimate to the Senate how he had ever voted
or what he had ever said on this subject, except,
what ho £ lid just before the recess in regard to a
discrimination in favor of Connecticut. I en-
deavored to show that we had carried up the tax
on cigars as much as we had on tobacco. That
was the drift of my argument.
Mr. 11KNDKRSON. You did not nury it
high enough m the beginning; you did not make
the piopri discrimination at first.
Mr. CLARK. Thatiaapiioi matter. The
Senator referred to me as making the discrimin-
ation. 1 only d< sired to showthat on the bnuN of
taxation which the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives had previously fixed, 1 had carried* up
uVais evt n higher than tobacco. I did not icier
to the ^enatoi. Now, it may be that 1 am de-
<-•. n ed about tins; I do not deny that f may be de-
cent u; 1 J.avu not so much information about it
as. 1 Wi.sh I had; but if I have been deceived, I
am trying to correct one of the mistakes I have
made in my judgment, because 1 think there
should ho no discrimination; but if the Senators
will among; themselves------
liniveotdy thin explanation to
.it refer to the Senatoi 's course, noi
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator insists that
there shall be no discrimination. He has con-
stantly used that phrase. Does lie mean to say
that an article of tobacco which costs two dollars
a pound manufactured ought to pay no more rev-
enue than the article the poor man buys at twenty
cents a pound ? Does he mean that there shall be
no discrimination in that way?
Mr. CLARK, f do "not mean any such thing,
and I cannot well understand how the Senator can
suppose that I mean any such thing. He knows
very well that cavendish, plug, twist,and fine-cut
were all proposed by the%ommitt«e to be taxed
thirty-five cents a pound. Upon the recommend-
ation of some one, the tax on fine-cut was put up
to forty-five cents a pound. What I mean by " no
discrimination" is that fine-cut, plug, cavendish,
and twist should stand alike.
Mr. POWELL. You mean that all chewing
tobacco should stand alike?
Mr. CLARK. I mean now what I am saying
to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that he thinks they ought all to be
taxed exactly alike?
Mr. CLARK. Cavendish, twist, plug, and fine-
cut. I think as they are manufactured and sold
they are not always of the same grade. Some-
times just as fine tobacco is used in cavendtsltas
in fine-eut, and so in plug, and so in twist.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire to ask the Sen-
ator if he himself did not propose to amend this
bill originally so as to leave the tax of thferty-five
cents on cavendish, ping, and twist, and to put
the fine-cut chewing tobacco at forty-five cents ?
Mr. CLARK. 1 did on the recommendation
of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. When the Senator asked
me if thete was no article of fine chewing tobacco
that, could stand a higher tax than this 1 did state
to him, and I now a^ain state to him, that if he
will make the disi nminntion then' a*e qualities
of fine chewing tobacco which can belter stand
forty-iive cents than the lower grade of plug to-
bacco can stand twenty eents. i told the Senator
distinctly that 1 thought thirty-five cents Wos
enough. Rut he had this matter in ehatge, and
when he asked nie the question I atiswen d it as
honestly as I could. ,lie acted on the suggestion,
lie proposed it to the Senate and got the Senate to
net on it, and put thirty-five cents on one quality
and forty-five on another. I supposed that (hen
it was settled; but since that the Senator himself
votes for the proposition to increase the thirty-
five cents tax, to put them all on the same foot-
ing. If they are all to go on the same footing, i
say let it be thirty-five cents; and 1 hope the Sen-
ators from tobacco-growing States will stand by
me.
Mr. CLARK. I think itwdl be sufficiently un-
derstood without my pursuing the matter further.
1 will only *uy that unless we adhere to some
rule we shall leave the door open for frauds. 1
have been shown a specimen of one fraud that is
practiced which 1 intended to present to the Sen-
ate; but I have not the sample here now; perhaps
1 may have it before the debate closes.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to oc-
cupy the Senate's time at any length. My im-
pression is that the duty placed on manufactured
tobacco in tins bill is entirely too high, and the
Senator fiom New Hampshire indicates that gen-
tlemen from the West can fix the duty. 1 be-
lieve that if the Senate would allow us to fix it,
we could come to a conclusion very readily, and
make it very equitable and very just. I am clear-
ly of the opinion that all these manufactured to-
baccos *houhl not, boor the f„iine taxation, there j
should be a discnminati'M beiween them, in the j
jj matter of cigar."*, I think thcie euc pioper dts-
<! criminations. I belie-, e thcreate five or six values
!' of cgai*, ami they are taxed in proportion to
|| their value:;. That,! think, is justnnd proper
j; Certainly you should not tax a cigar that is worth
ij seven dollars a thousand as much as you do one
•! that is worth seventy-five dollars a thousand. I
j! This bill properly discinninates between cigars, |
dividing them into something like five or six j
classes. i
Now, su, allow me to state to the Senate that i
there is just as much difference in the price and I
quality of manufactured tobaccos as tjiere is in j
cigars, and why not make the discrimination in ;
the manufactured tobacco ? Before this war, in old !
times, tfyere was agreatdeal of manufactured to-
bocco sold in the box at eight oenfs a pound.
There were other and finer qualities that sold for
perhaps eighty cents, and some very fine perhaps
for one dollar a pound. These were the prices
before the war; there was every variety of price,
from eight cents to eighty or ninety cents or one
dollar before the war which caused tobacco to
rise. Is there any reason why you should tax
a pound of tobacco that is worth ten cents as
much as you tax a pound of tobacco worth two
dollars? There is certainly no reason why you
should do it, yet it is done in this bill. There
is no discrimination in this bill as it now stands
between the manufactured tobaccos, I mean those
manufactured for chewing purposes; they are all
taxed the same amount, forty-five cents a pound;
while on your cigars the tax is from three dollars
a thousand to forty dollars, and when the differ-
ence in the qualities of the cigars is no greater
than the difference in the qualities of tobacco.
Why, then, do you make such a discumina^on in
cigars and not make it in regard to chewing to-
bacco? There is no reason for it.
1 understand the Senator from New Hamp-
shire says you cannot get along without having
the chewing tobaccos alt at the same i ate without
fiaud. The Senator is very much mistaken in
that. The only reason why he docs not discrim-
inate between the various prices of manufactured
tobacco is that it will open the door far fraud.
That is the Senator's reason, as I understand.
Now, I say that there is just as much and as wide
a door open for fraud in the cigars on the scale
you have it here, as there would be in manufac-
tured tobacco. How is it that you fix the amount
of tax you lay on the cigars? Itison inspection
and valuation by the agent of the Government,
the assessor or inspector appointed by the Gov-
ernment. He inspects the cigars, he values thein,
ami on those which do not cost over seven dollars
a thousand the tax is fixed at three dollars a thou-
sand, and he stamps them with the Government
stamps prepared. Then thotie cigars that aie not
valued at over ten dollars a thousand are taxed
five dollars; tt runs on to six grades, I believe;
and on cigars woith seventy-five dollars a thou-
sand the tax is forty dollars. How do you ascer-
tain these vai ious grades of cigars and their valued
l>y inspection and valuation, and when that is
done they are stamped, fs there any more diffi-
culty m ascertaining in the same way the prices
and qualities of chewing tobacco ? Not a bit. 1
know that some manufacturers have given the
Senator information on which he relies, that you
cannot ascertain the values and the prices of the
manufactuied tobacco, bat I speak of what I know
when I speak of this matter. I have had an ex-
perience m regard to the tobacco plant from my
earliestrecollection. 1 haveseen itm every grade
and in every form; and I do not earn who it is
that tells the Senator it is impossible to prevent
frauds under a discriminating duty if you have
honest appraisers who are judges of the article;
that party who tells the Senator so is cither mis-
taken or his purpose is to misrepresent and mis-
lead the Senator.
Why cannot you examine and value and ap-
praise the manufactured tobacco as readily as you
can the cigars? What is the process by which
you do it ? If the manufactured tobacco is in a cask
made of staves or in the form of a box, all you
have to do is to open it and take out the tobacco
and examine it. If your cigars are in boxes or
bales, or in any other way in which you put them
up, all you have to do is to open the box contain-
ing them and examine the cigars. A manufac-
turer, a man skilled in the article of tobacco, can
tell the indifferent fiotn the fine manufactured to-
bacco, and tell you all the grades, just as readily
as any cigar manufacturer can tell you, on exam-
ination and inspection, th^ grades of all the cigars;
and 1 will say to the honorable Senator that any
man at all acquainted with tobacco and with this
ti.ide will tell the difference m the prices and qual-
ities by inspection just as quickly and as promptly
as the most skillful manufacturer in cotton goods
in New England will tell him the difference be-
tween the coai ser osnaburgs and the finest good.?
which are worked up into shirts. They can value
and fix the price and grades of the manufactured
tobaccos just as easily as cigars. All that you
have to do is to open the cask, the box, or what-
ever it is that contain the two, and inspect them.
