104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
38in Cong...". 1st Sess.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
Orleans crushed nullification in South Carolina in
1832, he was sustained by the patriotism of men
such as Clay and Webster.
The true Union men of this country will pro-
tect it from foreign despots and from domestic
traitors: "One country,one Constitution, one des-
tiny." Let this be the rallying cry of the Union
men in the coming contest for political power. It
is the lesson breathed from the tombs of the pa-
triots, who in times past "maintained the honor
and upheld the flag of our country. Let the les-
son taught by their example and precepts prevail
over the dishonoring suggestions of degenerate
sons of the present day, who profess to belong to
the Democratic party, but who malign and traduce
the name of those who were true to the flag and
interests of this country, one and indivisible.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. GARRETT DAVIS,
01? KENTUCKY,
In the United States Senate,
March 30, 1864.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having un-
der consideration the joint i >soiution (S. No. J6) propos-
ing amendments to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. DAVIS said:
Mr. President: There is no more important
business to be transacted by the people of the
United States .than the amendment of their Fed-
eral Constitution, the fundamental law of their
Government. The general reason assigned by
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
who reported this resolution, and supported it in
a very able speech, why the proposed amendment
should be adopted, struck me as being very un-
sound and altogether fallacious. He assumed
that slavery was the cause of the rebellion: in
Hubstance, that whether the immediate and proxi-
mate cause was in the purpose of the rebels to es-
tablish a southern confederacy,consisting exclu-
sively of slave States, and based upon the insti-
tution of slavery, or whether that immediate
and proximate cause was the interference of the
northern fanatics and abolitionists with the in-
stitution—in either state of case, slavery was the
cause of the war, and therefore should be abol-
ished. If my honorable friend should devote him-
self to the general policy of abolishing all causes
that directly or indirectly lead to wars, with the
purpose and hope to prevent them, I think he will
adopt one of the most Utopian and impracticable
notions that has ever yet engaged the mind of a
statesman and a legislator.
Sir, what pioduced the war of the Revolution ?
The appaicnt cause was the encroachment of the
mother country upon the rights of the colonies.
Tho immediate and proximate cause wac the im-
position of the stamp tax and duties on the im-
portation of teas and other articles into the colo-
nies. This was taxation without repiesentation.
According to the logic of this day, as taken up
and enforced by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on tiie Judiciary, the wise and proper
mode of treating that difficulty at the time would
have been to piolubit such transactions as required
stampsand theimportationof articles upon which
duties had been or wore likely to be imposed by
act of Parliament. Taxation of the colonies by
the Parliament of England without being repre-
sented in it was unquestionably the proximate
cause of that war; and-according to the reasoning
of the Senator, the abrogation of all propeity,
commerce, and transactions in the colonies upon
which the mother country could levy taxes would
have made their imposition impossible, and have
thus removed the cause of the impending war,
and that policy should have been adopted by the
colonies as well to prevent the then impending as
future wars.
We had a war with England commencing in
1812. Every war has its cause or causes, and the
causes of most wars are multiform, and both im-
mediate and remote. They are not single and
isolated; they are not limited to one or two, but
are geneiully many. They spring primarily out
of the wickedness and bad passions of the human
heart, its ambition, its lust of power and domin-
ion. Various subjects, according to the condition
of different countries, are made the pretexts of
war; but they are primarily in the infirmity and
the wickedness of our common nature. The im-
mediate causes of the war of 1812 were certainly
the encroachments of England upon the shipping,
the seamen, and the commercial rights of the Uni-
ted States. If those subjects of national rivalry
and collision had not then existed, there would
not and could not have been a war of which they
were the cause or the pretext. According to the
mode of argument of the honorable Senator the
proper and wisest mode of treating that difficulty
would have been to abolish those interests of our
country that produced the war, aggressions upon
which by England constituted its proximate cause.
The cause being removed, there could have been
no war; and their annihilation being permanent,
they could produce no future wars with England"
or any other country.
What was the cause of the war of the United
States with the Seminole Indians? What pro-
duced all the wars that we have had with the In-
dian tribes? Nothing but the encroachments of
the white settlers upon the-Indian lands, and the
wrongs and oppressions committed by the white
settlers upon the Indian tribes. The mode of ar-
gument adopted by my honorable friend would
prove that all our difficulties and wars with the
Indians could and should have been pie-vented by
keeping our people away from their lands and all
contact with them, to the end that there should
exist no causes of war between them.
No gentleman is more thoroughly read than
the Senator from Illinois of the number and blood-
iness of the wars of which the Christian religion
has been made the pretext. I suppose there is
no matter that appertains to man that has been
connected with a greater number of wars, or more
of bloodshed and misery, and of such an infinity
of crimes, national and individual. The argu-
ment of tho Senator on the present occasion for
the destruction of slavery would demand, with
equal truth and far more force, the abolition of the
Christian religion at the times when those wars oc-
curred, and now also for its expulsion from the
earth to prevent it from being the remote or prox-
imate cause of future wars.
Sir, it has been said, and repeated times with-
out number, truly, that History reproduces itself.
The same course of events that have occurred
will, under a like state of circumstances and causes
that produced them, sooner or later come again,
and so on perpetually. The world will, through
all the generations of man, have its wars origin-
ating in the bad passions of rulers, of which con-
llieting national interests, boundaries, religion,
and an indefinite number of other causes will be
made the pretexts, and it is impossible to devise
preventives for them.
Air. President, if I was asked to point out the
most operative single cause of the pending war,
1 should certainly name the intermeddling of
Massachusetts with the institution of slavery. I
suppose other Senators, and especially those from
the northern portion of the free States, would as-
sociate South Carolina as being equally piobably
a greater sinner than Massachusetts. From this
equality of delinquency and guilt I should cer-
tainly dissent. But I would be disposed to com-
promise the matter by concedingil bad eminence"
to both of these States, and in relation to both I
would be perfectly willing to adopt the remedy
of the honorable Senator from lllimos and inflex-
ibly to putit in execution. I would abolish both
of tiie States; and if that abolition could have oc-
cuircd twenty or thirty years ago I feel entire
confidence that this deplorable war would never
have occurred. I only regret that it has not been
within the scope of providential events or within
the actual and executed policy of the Govern-
ment and people of the United States that these
two pestiferous States had been wiped out in the
past generation. Sir, it would have been a demoli-
tion , but it would have produced incalculable good
to the whole country.
But, sir, t am opposed to the pending propo-
sition to amend the Constitution of the United
States for several reasons intrinsic to the subject.
In the first place it strikes at one of the most es-
sential principles of our commingled system of
national and of Slate governments. When the
Declaration of Independence was promulgated
and when the Constitution of the United States
was adopted, there were thirteen States. Accord-
ing to the present boundary of these thirteen
States, the area of territory of the United States is
now more than five times as much as the aggre-
gate of those States, and the number of States will
be, if the Union is restored, before many years
multiplied to more than fourfold of the original
thirteen. Those States had existed as independ-
ent communities. While they were colonies, they
were independent of each other; dependent only
upon the Governmentofthemothercountry. When
the colonies assumed their independence, they
took that condition as separate and distinct sover-
eignties, and the attributes of independence, in its
essential nature, of each of the States was not
destroyed or parted with by the old Articles of
Confederation. All the substantial powers of sov-
ereignty, of separate political independence, sub-
sisted and were exercised by the various States
after the adoption of the Articles ofConfederation.
According to my recollection, the Articles of Con-
federation were not finally adopted by all the
States until 1778. They were offered for the
adoption of the colonies in 1776, and a consider-
able time elapsed before they were adopted by sev-
eral of them.
The people of all the colonies had been habit-
uated fiom their first settlement each for itself,
by its own will and by its own legislative body,
to manage its own domestic and local concerns.
There consequently was no proposition that these
domestic concerns of the States should be sur-
rendered to a common national Government,
either when the Articles of Confederation or the
present Constitution of the United States was
formed. If such a proposition had been made, it
would not have been entertained one moment,
either in the Congress that formed the Articles of
Confederation or the Convention that framed the
Constitution. But if such an extensive jurisdic-
tion had been surrendered by the States to the
General Government, its exercise would have been
impossible under the Articles of Confederation
and impracticable under the Constitution, as well
from the generally limited and restricted powers
of the United States Government under both, as
from the incompetency of our central Govern-
ment to wisely and safely manage all the local
affairs of so many States, varying in climate, soil,
pursuits, productions, natural and artificial, edu-
cation, opinions, and religious faith; and each for
itself having always previously had the exclusive
management of all these concerns. They were
never intended to be, and are not in fact, confided
to the General Government; but by an express
provision of the Constitution are with jealous fore-
thought reserved to the States.
If that was the state of things when there were
but thirteen States and comparatively so small
a territory, with what accumulated force does it
present itself now, when we are about to have
thirty-eight or thirty-nine States, and many oth-
ers will soon be thronging into the Union, and it
has already overleaped the distant Rocky and
Coast mountains, and is washed by the billows
of both the Atlantic and Pacific oceans?
If we are to have union,liberty, and peace, the
indispensable condition is that the great funda-
mental piinciple, that the States are to have the en-
tire and exclusive control of their own local and
domestic institutions and affairs, must be held
inviolable by the General Goveinment. The op-
posite would result in intolerable despotism and
misgovernmenf, soon to be overthrown by gen-
eral consent or violence.
Sir, to this objection it may be answered, "This
amendment is lestricted to a single subject, and
that subject slavery." Butthe proposed amend-
ment carries a general principle which is as hostile
toother peculiarly local and State institutions and
interests as to slavery.
When the war of the Revolution commenced
every State in the Union held slaves, and it was
the normal condition of the colonies. It contin-
ued to be the normal condition of the States from
their Declaration of Independence until after its ac-
knowledgment by the treaty of 1783. The States
that adhered to slavery and continued that insti-
tution had more reason and juster grounds of
complaint against the States which abolished it
than these States had against those that contin-
