11364.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
mm'
However agreteable it would be, sir, to discover
the graces'? by which, when the Know-Nothing
party declined in power, the gentleman declined
from the Know-Nothing paity, however agree-
able it would be to ascertain the proccss by which
he finds himself at this moment ranked among the
Democrats of the country, and now making a de-
fense of irishmen, so different from his former
political action, I do not propose to enter into it
at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. I assure the honora-ble gen-
tleman from Iowa that I never belonged to the
Know-Nothing party in my life. Now, did not
the gentleman belong to the Whig party?
Mr. KASSON. No, sir, X was never a Whig.
I was raised a Jackson and Benton Democrat,
and hold myself still a reliable exponent of their
principles.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to.say, Mr. Chairman,
that I never belonged to the Know-Nothing party
in my life. I was never in a Know-Nothing or-
ganization or lodge, in any form or shape what-
ever.
Mr. MORRILL. Is the discussion now going
on in order?,
Mr. BROOKS. It is not in order, but I did
not start the disorder, and therefore permit' me
to explain.
Mr. MORRILL. I give notice that I propose
strictly to confine the discussion to the bill now
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman insists
on his point of oider, the Chair will decide that
the present discussion is not in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not insist on my point
of order at ihis nme,
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable gentleman from
Iowa is welcome to investigate Know-Nothing
history. No one ought to know it better than the
honorable gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,
then sitting near Mr. Kasson.] That gentleman
must know that I have never been a member of
the Know-Nothing party.
Mr. KASSON. Ithas been my fortune to have
derived my opinion on that subject from the New
York Evening Express, a paper owned and edited
mainly by the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr.
Brooks,] and that papei we ail know was one of
the most earnest ad vocates of the Know-Nothing
party.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman has fallen into
another error. At the time the Know-Noihing
party was organized I was traveling in Euiope
or Asia. Indeed, I believe I was then in Jeru-
salem. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I might per-
haps say that it would be equally advantageous
to the public interest if the distinguished and
fluent gentleman fiom New Yoik at this time
were visiting the city of Jerusalem. But however
agreeable it would be to inquire into the process
by which the gentleman, fortunately or unfortu-
nately, so frequently changes his political associ-
ates, 1 do not propose to enter into that discus-
sion now.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me put myself right upon
the record. First, I never became a Know Noth-
ing; secondly, I was never in the Know-Nothing
organization in any shape or form; and thirdly,
when the paper with which ! am connected began
the advocacy of the Know-Nothing party I was in
a strange land. If I had then been at home.it is
not improbable that my own opinions would have
had weight in controlling the course of thepaper,
and that it would not then have been subject to the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. KASSON. I give the gentleman the ben-
efit of the fact of his absence, with his reservation
that if he had been here personally he would have
perhaps united with them; but being a "for-
eigner" at the time, I cannot hold him responsi-
ble for not being a Know Nothing.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire of the Chair if this whole discussion, so
far outside of the bill before the House, is notout
of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it is out of order.
Mr. KASSON. I rose for the purpose ofstating
what, if he had waited a moment, my friend from
Massachusetts would have heard, that it is a mat-
ter of regret that the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hooper,] now absent, had not yielded
to the gentleman from New York when he re-
quested him to do so, that he. might then have
made the speech he has now made, which is evi-
dently applicable to the bank bill, rather than to
the tax bill which is now under discussion.
I- wish to correct one remark the gentleman has
made, in which he charges that the Secretary of
the-Trea&ury is watering" the currency of the
country, ami that, too, when in New York-city
the currency of the United States is at a premium,
as reported, of four per cen*. over State notes-—a
fact which can only be reconciled with the theory
that the existing volume of State currencyis sftch
as to ditmmsh its value as to goldto a> greater
degree than that of Treasury notes.
Then, in reference to the charge that the Sec-
retary has increased the circulation by the issue
of five per cent, notes for circulation, it was well
known to the whole country that those notes would
temporarily circulate as legal tender; but when the
interest should accumulate on them for some
months, it was also known that they would begin
to be hoarded, and that soon they would be with-
drawn from circulation—a fact which will soon
be evidenced by the actual state of the currency
of the country.
There is another fact to which I wish to call
the attention of the gentleman, and it is that at
this moment and for several days, I think I may
say weeks, the Treasury-itself has been reserving
the legal tenders received for the five-forty loan
in its vaults, and has already relieved the country
of miilionsof dollars of these legal tenders, while
State issues swell the currency. So much for the
charge that the Secretary of the Treasury is now
engaged in f( watering" the currency of the coun-
try and is actually inflating prices by his action.
And now, sir, the mam object for which 1 rose
was this: under the resolution passed by this
House for adjourning, we have but thirty-six
working days left if we adhere to that resolution
and the Senate agree to it. The tax bill is now
before the House, and the question is, shall we
give our attention practically to the details of this
measure of taxation demanded by the country and
acknowledged by every gentleman upon this floor
to be indispensable to the success of ourfinancial
system ? If we are so disposed, let me call atten-
tion to the fact that a single one-hour speech from
each member of this House would require in the
total one hundred and eighty hours for their de-
livery alone. If you allow three speeches a day,
of one hour each, in addition to the time required
for the transaction of the indispensable business
of the House, you will have sixty days of this
session consumed by one such speech of each
uiemb- and will inevitably be carried far into
midsummer before youradjournment.
Now, sir, under this state of facts, I appeal to
gentlemen upon both sides of the flous# whether
we can affoid to bestow much more time upon
these miscellaneous one-hour speeches, which do
not telate specifically and pointedly to the busi-
ness before the House. We certainly cannot, if
we propose to adjourn at an early day.
Mr. WIN DOM. How much of the gentle-
man 's hour remains ?
Mr. KASSON. I have never spoken half an
hour at a time in this House, as the gentleman
from Minnesota well knows; and I have never
made a speech or remark which did not apply to
the subject before the House, and 1 shall not now,
ail told, occupy ten minutes or so much if gen-
tlemen like my friend from Minnesota will re-
frain from interrupting me.
This is the condition of business, and I desire
to call the attention of the House to the fact that
however interesting and able their speeches may
be, they must withhold them, so far as they are
upon general subjects, and cease to consume the
time of the House m this manner, or we shall be
obliged to continue in session very late in the
coming summer.
Now, sir, I am ready for my part to proceed
at once to the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. WASnBURNE,of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally,and particularly the internal
revenue bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr, MORRILL tnoVed that' all general de-
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the internal revenue bill shouldctosfc
witlwi five minutes after its consi<ter&£ion shaH
have been resumed in committee.
The motion was agreed to. ! • ; v ;
, REBEL SYMPATHIZERS IN THE WEST,
Mr. GARF1ELfX Mr. Speaker, I desire the
attention of the House for five minutes. When
submitting'some remarks in the House a'few
dawagvj in reply to the speech of'-my colleague
{Mr. Long] I made a very grave charge against
some of the leaders of the Democratic party, al-
leging. that they were in correspondence with '
rebels, and was called upon to produce the docu-
ments to which I referred. I take this occa-
sion- to do so. Before producing them, I wish
to say a word in regard- to them. It i& a very
grave matter for a member to rifte' in his place
here and say that' leading men of any party in
the North are actually in correspondence with
leaders in the rebel army. I made that statement;
but'not without a full knowledge of what I said.
I have had opportunities for knowin'g of the ex-
istence of such-correspondence—more, pefhaps*
than most other gentlemen here.
These letters came into my possession in the
following manner: we had learned in the army
'•of the Cumberland that some of our regiments
were being corrupted, that attempts were being
made by parties at home to induce them to de*
sert. This had become so great an evil with some
regiments from southern Indiana and southern Il-
linois that we sent several of our secret service
men into those States to find out, if possible, who
were engaged in this business. Among others
was a young man who had resigned a commission,
nearly a year before, inconsequence of ill health.
He consented to go to southern Indiana, believing
he could not only find out these men but could get
recommendations from prominent rebel sympa-
thizers that would enable him to get through the
lines into the rebel army. The result of this rata*
sion into Indiana was that he obtained two letters,
the copies of which I now hold in my hand.
When the letters were brought to me,Iimn e-
diately called some Indiana officers who knew the
authors and were acquainted with their handwrit-
ing. It was necessary that tho scout should
take with him into the enemy's lines the original
letters, which, being jecogmzed by Breckinridge,
would serve as passes. I therefore took exact
copies of them, placing them under tissue paper
and tracing them as accurately as'possible, so as
to preserve the characteristics of the handwrit-
ing. Out of regard to the young man himself,
I have omitted his name, as its publication5 might
bring him into trouble. He went throug-h the
lines, and'immediately afterwards the campaign
began, ending with the battle of Chickamauga,
and 1 have never heard of him since, i will now
ask that the letters be read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question first.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let the letters be read first.
The letters were read, as follows:
Greencastle, Indiana, July 1,1863.
Dear Sir: I take tins method of introducing to your fa-
vmable consideration Mr. , a resident of tin* place.
Mr. wishes to enter the service of the South in some*
capacity, so that he can be of some assistance to you*
cause. I can &alely recommend him to you as an eneigetle
and faithful man iu any capacity vou may place Mm, and-
I know that he can he of valuable assistance to you. Mr.
 was tor some tune connected with the Union Army,
but became dit-gUhted with the party in powerand resigned
in consequence theieof. Any lavor that may be shown
him will, I am satisfied, nevei he beuayed.
I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant, -
D. R. ECKELSV
General John C. Breckinridge, C. 5. Jl.
Rockville-, Indiana, July 14,1363.
Dear Sir: I take great pl# a- ure in recommending1!©'
your tavorabie acquaintance the bearer, Mr. 
Gieencastic, this State. He wishes to visit the South, aaifl"
not be subjected'to any danger irom such a visit.
Mr. win connected with the Army for some months
as a quartermaster of the —th fndiana vofunteei-s, but re-
signed immediately after the evacuation of'CorintfryMls-*
! tu-sippi. by j our forces, and has had no sympathy or eon-
s neetion with the Atmv since. Any duty lie. may agree to
peilorm, you may rely upon it that it w'ili be truthfully done.
Any favor shown hun will be icciproeatedbyme whenever
any opportunity- offers.
I am, General, yours, with much respect,
JOHNG.DAVISk
Major General Jomt C, BaRCjnxatDUE.
