THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
Mr. J. G. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, if I under-
stand the question before the House, it is upon
concurring1 in the amendments of the Senate to
the House bill. I have not looked closely into
all these amendments, but there is one important
one into which 1 have looked to some extent, and
on which I propose to offer a few suggestions. 1
allude to that amendment of the Senate striking
out the provision in the House bill that taxes spirits
on hand forty cents per gallon in addition to the
twenty cents per gallon paid under the present
law. When the amendment was offered by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
while the original bill was pending in the House,
without reflection, without looking to the conse-
quences which would result to those engaged in
tne manufacture of the article, I gave it my vote.
But for that fact I should not trouble the House
with any remarks on the subject.
Subsequent reflection and examination, Mr.
Speaker, have satisfied me that the provision is
wrong. I propose to support the amendment of
the Senate striking it out of the House bill.
I propose now to assign a few reasons in support
of the amendmentof iheSenate,and in opposition
to the provision of the House bill. In the firstplace,
it is a provision unusual in the history of our legis-
lation. It is certainly unjust to those who, after
the passage of the act of 1862, embarked their
capital in this manufacture. After the passage of
that bill I believe there was an implied obligation
on the part of this Government that it would not
impose any additionalburden upon the manufac-
ture of spirits. When Congress passed the in-
ternal revenue law during last Congress, they said
to those engaged in that branch of business that
the stock manufactured priorto that time should
not be taxed; and the implied pledge on the part
of Congress may be inferred from its action from
that day to the introduction of the House bill now
under consideration. Why do I say this ? Look
at the revenue bills introduced inio this House;
look to all of our tariffs, and you will find that
the Congress of the United States has jealously
guarded thme who are engaged in any of the
trades of the country against any retroactive duty
upon articles in hand. Ilence itis that in the ad-
justment of tariffs great care has been taken by
Congress not to impose upon those engaged in
trade duties beyond those imposed by the law
under which they produced the article.
That, sir, has been a very general feature of our
legislation. I behove that our tariff bills increas-
ing duties upon imports will bear me out. Here-
tofore when the Government has imposed addi-
tional duties, it has guarded against the imposition
of those duties upon articles purchased and m
transit to this country—articles purchased and im-
ported from foreign counti ies under a foirner scale
of tariff. So it is in regard to the tariff that ic-
duces the duty upon imports. The principle is
the same, and has been uniformly adhered to by
Congress. Relief has been given to those en-
gaged in importing articles by abatement of the
duties upon the cargoes that were on the way to
this country when the reduction was made.
1 think then, sir, that those who were engaged
in the manufacture of spiiits had the right (o in-
fer the Government had given them an implied
pledge that it would not increase the tax upon the
article after being manufactured. I believe that
it is a sound principle, and that it ought to be pur-
sued by the Government.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York incorporated into the House bill^will not
only subvert the general practice of the Govern-
ment, if it is adopted, but it will unsettle the trade,
and produce among manufacturers the greatest
degree of uriceitainty in regatd to their business.
If it be adopted it will bring bankruptcy to many
of the most enterprising men in the country, who
have engaged in this manufacture relying upon
the implied pledge of Congress not to impose an
additional tax upon the stock on hand.
It is the duty of the Government in the adjust-
ment of duties and taxes to so adjust them as to
do the least possible damage to the trade of the
country. When you violently strike one branch
of trade, a commercial chord is touched that \i-
bratesthioughout tne country. I am notwiliing,
therefore, to vote for the House piovision that
will bring bankruptcy to the doors of the enter-
prising men who on the faith of a tax already
fixed by Government have devoted their capital
and energy to this branch of business, i will not
ruin these men in order to reach a few speculators
over their destruction.
I have said that by insisting upon the House
amendment and imposing this additional tax of
forty cents upon all liquors manufactured here-
after, you destroy the manufacturing establish-
ments of this country. And now I will proceed
to give my reasons for saying so. The argument
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Wood] yesterday,that it would not
thus affect those engaged in this manufacture,
may apply to the distillers in and about the city
of New York. It may apply to them for this
reason, that they can put into the market and
dispose of in one day what they manufactured
the day before; for that being the great commer-
cial emporium of the country, there is always a
market there. But it does not so operate upon
the distillers in the interior and at the West.
Why? Simply because they have to bring their
product to the city of New York in order to find
a market for it. It takes time to do that. It is
not the work of a day or of a week. An inquiry
into the matter will satisfy any man that it is al-
most impossible to get from the State of Illinois
into the New York market a cargo of whisky in
less than from thirty to forty days. Hence those
engaged in its manufacture in the western States
are subjected to a loss which those who are near
the central market, and who can manufacture one
day and sell the next, are not subjected to.
It is for that reason that the panic which has
occurred in the whisky market recently, in con-
sequence of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York,has caught the western distillers with
a large amount of the article on hand, and upon
which they must necessarily sustain a heavy loss,
a they are not entirely ruined thereby. On this
account it is wrong to impose this additional bur-
den on them. Had they been in reach of New
York, and in the situation of the distillers of New
York, they could have turned over, before this
panic in that branch of trade, the stock they had
on hand, and thereby have placed themselves in
the same situation as the New York distillers.
Owing to the immense amount of business upon
the railroads of the West, and the large demand
for rolling stock on those roads, it has been for
the last ten months almost impossible for men,
sometimes for weeks after they had a cargo ready
for transportation, to obtain rolling slock to re-
move it from their distilleries.
Then, again,owing to the pressure of the Gov-
ernment for railroad facilities, and the taking of
the cars for the transportation of live stock which
cannot be put down and left by the way, cargo
after cargo of whisky has fiom time to time been
turned out into the sheds and stieets to await a
nunc convenient season for transportation. And
thus those who are engaged in the manufacture
have not been able to get their product to the
market.
This amendment introduced by the gentleman
from New Yoik has left upon the hands of the
western distillers a large amount of spirits which
they have been unable to sell owing to the de-
pressed price of the article, growing out of this
pioposed additional tax of foity cents upon it.
It may be said that it ought not thus to affect
them; that they have engaged in the enterpnse
and should take their chances; that although they
may suffer loss, they ought to sell, if their neces-
sities lequire, whatever the aiticle is worth in the
market. One reason why they could not do that
is the uncertainty which has hung over this
subject since the adoption by the House of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
They could notscll for the reason that if they took
the reduced piicc—and it will be remembered that
; upon the introduction of that amendment the pi ice
!j dropped down twenty-five cents per gallon—in a
few days they were ruined, because it cost them
in price of grain, labor, and transportation, a sum
far beyond what it was worth m the market.
They could not sell for another reason; they
were uncertain what would be the fate of this
proposed additional tax of forty cents. They
could not sell at seventy or seventy-five cents for
the reason that if they did so, they would be liable,
if this additional tax passed, to be called upon to
pay it, and that was rum to them. The conse-
quence has been that they have been compelled
to hold back the stock they had on hand, await-
ing the decision of Congress, and hoping that
our legislative action here might be so directed
as not to ruin them utterly and break down this
great source of revenue in the western country.
To us in the West it is an important interest; to
the Government it is an important interest; and
I think I will be able to show an-y reflecting man
that the Government can gain nothing by pros-
trating these manufacturers even though it gets
all the taxes it expects to raise by assessing this
forty cents per gallon upon the liquor already
manufactured.
Illinois, sir, manufactures more gallons of spir-
ituous liquors than any other State in the Union,
not even New York excepted. The census returns
of 1860 show that she manufactuies twenty mil-
lion gallons per year, while New York and Ohio
manufacture only fifteen million gallons each, in
round numbers. I am placing (lie estimate now
at what it was when the census of 1860 was taken,
not what it is actually ax this day owing to the
increased facilities and the enlargemeentof these
establishments.
Upon the manufacture of twenty million gal-
lons of this article in Illinois the Government,
from the tax of sixty cents per gallon which the
Senate's amendment proposes to impose, would
derive the immense revenue of nearly forty mil-
lion dollars per annum. The city of Peoria is
manufacturing daily about forty thousand gallons
of spirits. A tax upon that of sixty cents per
gallon would yield to the Government a revenue
of |24,000 per day, or $7,200,000 per annum. She
has, 1 believe, twelve or fourteen distilleries in
active operation, and she proposes, if permitted
to go on and carry out the work in which she is
engaged, to pay to this Government a revenue of
$7,200,000 per annum.
The city of Chicago, with four establishments
of this character, is manufacturing daily about
twenty-four thousand gallons. A tax of sixty
cents per gallon upon that will yield to the Gov-
ernment $14,400 a day, or $4,320,000 per annum.
Thus the two cities of Peoria and Chicago, from
the manufacture of this article alone, under the
tax proposed in the Senate bill, will yield to the
Government a revenue of nearly twelve million
dollars per annum.
Now, sir, whatis proposed ? Itisproposed by
the amendmentof the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fernando Wood,] by the House bill, to
tax these establishments forty cents per gallon, in
addition to the twenty cents already paid, on all
that they have manufactured,and also to impose
that tax on all that may be m the hands of specu-
lators, for the purpose of raising revenue for the
Government.
Now, sir, the best estimates that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means could procure, estimates
founded upon the best statistical information that
was available, show us that there are not more
than about two hundred thousand barrels of dis-
tilled spirits in the United States to-day, upon
which the tax of forty cents, if all the liquor were
taxed and all the tax collected, would not yield the
Government an amount of more than four million
dollars.
I submit, then, if it is a wise policy, aside fiom
the justice of the question, to destroy this vast
distilling interest in the West that will yield such
a large revenue to the Government merely for
thepmpose of securing to the Government the
$4,000,000 of taxes which may be assessed and
collected on the stock now on hand, when the evi-
dence icj that this additional tax of forty cents will
break down and effectually destroy a large portion,
if not all, of the manufacturers in the western
States? It seems to me, sir, that it would be a
folly only equaled by that recoided in the fable of
the man who slew the goose that laid the golden
^gg«-
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question .
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Certainly.
Mr. GRINNELL. He speaks of the number
of million dollars that would accrue from the tax
on whisky in the cities of Peoria and Chicago.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to ask him if he
means to say that those cities will pay that tax
into the Treasury.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. No, sir; and I did notsay
so, I mean to say that if this tax of sixty cents
per gallon proposed in the Senate bill is imposed
