1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
of the Big Sandy riverthe right to bridge the Ohio,
undfcr certain restrictions and regulations com--
tained in the hill. In building this bridge at the
fails of the Ohio, which is below the mouth of
the Big Sandy, we found that we could not sub-
mit, to the provisions of that bill, because the
gfound upon both sides of the river at Louisville
makes it very difficult to build a bridge as high as
bridges are requiied to be above the mouth of the
Big Sandy. The land on either side is not high
enough to allow a bridge to be constructed more
than ten feet above high-water mark. Instead of
having the bridge built so high, I provided that
draws should be constructed at each of the chutes
and over the canal wide enough to admit the pas-
sage of the largest boats navigating the river. 1
think that a bridge built in that manner instead of
being an obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio
may be called an aid to the navigation, because
the draws act as bitoys,and indicate to approach-
ing boats the heads of the chutes through which
they have to pass in going over the falls. The
only impediment it could possibly be would be
that which might sometimes arise out of the ne-
cessity of waiting until the draws could be opened.
I piopose, unless some gentleman wishes to
make some inquiry or remarks, to call the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Kentucky why the bill pro-
vides that two hundred and sixty feet is the small-
est length at which these draws shall be con-
structed? Now, the act to which reference is had
in this bill provides that there shall not be a draw
of less than three hundred feet in width.
Mr. MALLORY. I am willing the bill shall
be so amended as to require the draws to be not
less than three hundred feet in width.
Mr. ARNOLD. If there be no objection I will
accept that amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would suggest that the
bill would be more acceptable to me if the gentle-
man would accept an amendment striking out the
whole proviso.
Mr. MALLORY. I could no t do that of course.
Mr. PENDLETON. This bill piovides that
this budge maybe built ten feet above high-water
mark, and in that respect differs from every bridge
that has been authorized to be built over the Ohio
river. The gentleman from Kentucky explained
that this difference was made necessary by the
character of the country in the neighboihood,
which would not permit the construction of the
bridge at the usual elevation.
Now, sir, I submit that this is a question of
navigation of the river and not of the adjacent
country.
i imagine that it is easy enough at a little addi-
tional expense and with a little more trouble to
build a bridge as high as may be necessary not to
interrupt the free navigation of the river. 1 un-
derstand there is no difficulty in building an em-
bankment a sufficient distance from the river to
make a proper grade for a bridge the usual height.
If it be necessary, m order to secure the uninter-
rupted navigation of the Ohio river, to require that
other bridges shall be at least seventy feet above
low-water mark, I know of no reason why the
same requisition should not be insisted on in this
case.
The gentleman from Kentucky is of course
aware of the difficulty there is at any time in the
navigation of the Ohio at this point. At low water
there is no navigation, and at high water the nav-
igation is dangerous and difficult. If, therefore,
a bridge be built at this point just above the surface
of the channel or at any altitude less than that
which has been found necessary in the case of
other bridges, it will be found, I apprehend, a very
material obstruction to the free navigation of the
river.
The idea of the gentleman from Kentucky that
the bridge will he an improvement to the naviga-
tion rather than an obsuuction, by directing the
boats to the channel, was sufficiently answered by
the gentleman from Illinois the other day in an-
other case, when he said that the pier of a bridge
had been found to be a very serious obstruction
to navigation. So I apprehend it will be found
to be in this instance, at least unless great care
is taken in building this bridge. I* would like to
ask the gentleman whether he has the report of
any scientific man to the effect that the construc-
tion of this bridge as is now proposed would not
impede navigation.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will state to the gentleman
thai on* of the most experienced steamboat men
on the Ohio, to whom I read the bill, gave his
opinion as an expert, that a bridge built in the
manner provided by this bill would not at all im-
pede the navigation of that river. But that ques-
tion, I apprehend, is settled by the proviso which
makes a condition that the bridge shall not be so
built as to interfere with the navigation of the
river, so that if it should appear hereafter that it
does interfere with the navigation of the river, the
couits will order it to be torn down. The courts
would not allow such a structure to remain, be-
cause Congress will have prohibited its being built
in such manner as to interfere with navigation.
This proviso, I think, constitutesa complete guard
against the difficulty the gentleman fears.
Mr. PENDLETON. The courts might order
it to be torn down, unless Congress should de-
clare it to be a post road or something of that
sort; and there seems to be a great disposition
^ipon the part of Congress to do such things. The
gentleman will remember that we have had a rail-
road bill in this House now for sometime.
Mr. MOORHEAD sought the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 yield with great pleas-
ure to the gentleman from Piitsburg. -
Mr. MALLORY. I think when the gentle-
man yields the floor he will yield it to me, as the
gentleman himself holds it by my courtesy.
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman yielded
to me, but yielded unconditionally, as I under-
stood him.
Mi. MALLORY. Not at all. I still retain the
floor, but I will cheerfully yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ^lOORHEAD. I desired to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois a question. The gentleman
gave the authority of asteamboat man, who is an
expert, that a bridge with thosedraws would not
be an obstruction to navigation. Such a man
would be regarded as a curiosity almost any where
in the West. I know of no steamboat man who
does not believe that a bridge constructed ten,
thirty, fotty, or fifty feet above high-water mark
would be an obstruction to navigation, and a
bridge only ten feet above high-water mark would
not only be an obstruction but a destruction to
navigation. I desire, therefore, to ask the gen-
tleman the name of his authority.
Mr. ARNOLD. His name is Russell Blakely,
and I understand he is an old boatman upon the
Ohio nver.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope that the House
will consider this question maturely and not per-
mit the navigation of the Ohio river to be inter-
fered with, as would be the case if the bill be
passed m its presentshape. I donot want to pre-
vent the crossing of the Ohio river by bridges
where they are necessary; but I do not want them
so constructed that they will interfere with the
navigation of the river, it is not impossible to
do that by building them high enough, and I say
that it is better to do that than to destroy the nav-
igation of the river.
Mr. MALLORY. I have to say in reply to the
gentleman fium Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moorhead]
that I have already explained how this bridge
would be constructed, and would be required to be
constructed. Jtisnotproposcd that the bridge shall
impede the navigation of the Ohio river at all, nor
is it proposed that the boats shall pass under the
bridge, but through the draws when the river is
high enough for them to pass over the fails, and
through the canal when the water is too low in
the river for the navigation of the falls. The
draws are to be constructed at the head of two
chutes, and there is only one chute through which
boats can be passed except under extraordinary
circumstances. These drawsare to be large enough
for the passage of the largest boats; and as I have
said before, the draws will be an index to the
boatmen as to where the chute is by which they
shall pass over the falls. I will say to the House
that the great difficulty in navigating the falls of
the Ohio consists in the pilots not knowing exactly
where the chute is by which they can pass over
the falls. These draws, will act as buoys, and to
that extent, instead of being an obstruction will
be an aid to the navigation of the river. There
is no question on that point at ali.
Mr. MOOfeEAD. ThegentlemanfromKen-
tucky'says that this bridge will eross atvth^:f&$&
of the Ohio river, where the mivfgijtiori.
eirlt. We all know !thaf whn\fcft6W-8rt^£ffn*g
about the liver. Nouf, suppose 5'
passing down the' river at the time oflUg& waier
where the draw shows" the chute to1 be, afid at
that instant a train of carscomes'alongand^nW
to'use the bridge. The boat is in tn$ Vftidat*of
the chute and cannot turn back. Here then' d<^5
struction is evident to the boat or the bridge or
the train of cars. Recentevents have shown tHa£
these drawsare nothing better than u man-traps,**
and it is proposed to' haVe a bridge across' tfytf
Ohio river with three draws or three-traps for
the destruction of life and property, I hope, sir,"
that we will do everything to prevent any' repeti-
tion of the'Norwalk disaster. . '
The Supreme Court of the United States-has
decided that these bridges should be ninety feet'
above high-water mark,afterthe longest trial and
the taking of mure testimony than was ever taken
in any other case. ' '
Mr. MALLORY. I have not yielded to the
gentleman fWrn Pennsylvania to make a speefelr.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If we are to bechqked'bfF
from argument, i hope that the House wifl choke
down the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. Idonotthinkthatth'egen*
tleman can be choked at all. 1 do not think that
his voice can be stopped, as I have experience to
know.
Mr. HOLMAN rose
Mr. MALLORY. I will yield to the gentle-
man presently.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania supposes a
case of a train going over the bridge and plunging
down into the river. We do not propose to provide
against all possible cases to be suggested' by the
imaginative gentleman. Because a train is plunged
into the river by running at an immense speed,
shall all railroads be obliterated ? I take it that
arrangement will be made by the managers of the
railroads and the keepers of the draws which will
provide against the probable occurrence of such
accidcms as the gentleman imagines. Human
precaution cannot provide a$so/itte%against such
aeeidi-nts.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moor-
head] speaks'of pierssomewhereexistiirg,against
which the flatboats of Pennsylvania run; Well,
that cannot be the case here. Even if it be true
that these flatboats would strike one of these piers*
it is true that if the piers were not there they
would run against the rocks upon which the piers
are to be constructed. In the fact that these piers
show where the chutes are, we find the ground
for the assertion that they act as buoys in the
manner J have mentioned.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
inquires why we do not build this bridge as high
as the other bridges which cross the Ohio, ninety
feet high, which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
says the courts have decided shall be their height,
[f that is the decision of the courts, thegentlernan
from Pennsylvania canabate that biidge after it is
made, or by injunction prevent our proceeding
with its construction. Then why fight so per-
sistently our effort to get through a hill which
the people of Pittsburg can wipe out in a moment?
Thegentlernan from Ohio says the bridge should
be built as high as the other bridges, and asks
me why it is not. Thegentlernan from Pennsyl-
vania says it may cost a little more to build thd
abutments to make the bridge high. Let rne'.iefi
gentlemen we would have to go several miles bapk
into Kentucky to commence these abutments on
which to construct a railroad bridge one hundred
feet high over the Ohio at the falls. The land on
the Kt-ntucky side is low, and it continues Iowa
mile back from the city of Louisville. Aftertfcat
it begins to descend in a contrary direction from
the Ohio river, and the waters fail into Salt river
m that direction, and engineers, who probabjy
know as much about these matters as the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, say^ it is
very difficult to support a bridge so as to give it
the proper elevation and not have the plane too
much inclined to suit the purposes of railroad
travel. For that reason (I have avoided the re-
quirements of the original bill in that respect—
and I think the reason will be satisfactory to'the
House and h^ve provided that draws shall be
built.
