690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
that amount of tho article, is that a reason why
they should be wronged? Is that any reason
why those who have engaged in this business
in the West and risked their money should be
wronged? Certainly not. Is there any more
reason why three men engaging in the liquor traf-
fic should be wronged than there is that three men
engaged in dealing in gold in Wall street should
be wronged? Certainly not. It is a legitimate
subject of trade. There is no reason in morals or
ill politics which would induce us to strike down
any man, much less when he is engaged in legit-
imate trade, or engaged ill the pursuit of honest
industry.
Mr. Speaker, I have no private griefs to avenge.
I only look upon this proposition as to the man-
ner in which it is to affect (he industry of the coun-
try as well as the Government. The more I look
into it the more I am convinced that it would be
n heavy blowto thedislillinginterestof the West.
It would be wrong, in my judgment, to the dis-
tilling interest anu unjust to the Government by
cutting off the revenue which it would otherwise
derive from it. Tiiat interest in Illinois is a large
one, and it is a large one in the other western
Slates. I have stated the amount manufactured
at Peoria and Chicago. There are in other parts
of the State of Illinois othcrestablishments capa-
ble of making each thirty to fifty barrels a day,
at Warsaw, Wesley City, Canton, Pekin, Rock
Island,Lucon, Decatur, Danville, Alton,and other
points that do not now occur to me, where huge
amounts are made. It is to the farmers in the vicin-
ity of these establishments an important interest.
Railroad rates are so high we cannot send our corn
and rye to market over thorn. The Mississippi
river is blockaded, so that we are cutoff from that
outlet; and to strike down by this tax these mar-
kets to our farmers you do us a vast injury.
Sir, it is no small matter that Peoria consumes
some ten thousand bushels of corn a day, and that
Chicago consumes some six or eight thousand
bushels a day. It affords to our people a market
for their corn which they could not otherwise
he ve. It enables them to dispose of the prod nets
of their labor, and receive us equivalent in cash,
to clothe and suppoit their families, and furnish
lliem with the necessaries of life. If it were not
for ihis home market, their corn would rot in then-
cribs for the want of a market. The city of Pe-
orift is now feeding and prepaiing tor the spring
market five thousand head of cattle and twenty
thousand hogs. The city of Chicago is feeding
and preparing for the spimg nwrktt"seven thou-
sand head of cattle; and each one of those other
establishments in other portions of the State en-
gaged in this manufacture Lo a greater or less ex-
tern is engaged in feeding cattle and hogs in pro-
portion to its capacity. These* afford to us not
only a market for our corn and hogs, but they
afford to our farmers a market for rye and cattle.
As the Government is inteiested in receiving a
revenue out of this manufacture, instead of pur-
suing such a course of legislation us will destroy
it, we should pursue such a course as will stimu-
late and encourage them.
A'ir. WASH UUIINI'2, of Illinois. [ understand
my colleague to be making an argument on this
bill to show that the farmers of Illinois are to be
injured by the adoption of the House bill, includ-
ing the amendment of the gentleman fiom New
York. 1 suppose it is upon the ground thatthey
will not get so high a price for theircorn. I ask
the gentleman if the addition of this forty cents
a gallon will not enhance the price of whisky to
that amount, and consequently enhance the price
of the materials, the corn, out of which it is man-
ufactured; and if his argument, in fact, is not op-
posed to the interest of the farmers of Illinois?
The higher the price of whisky is, the greater is !
the price our farmers get for their corn. ;l
Mi'. J. C. ALLEN. I might answer the i1
gentleman by lefemng to the prices current of
whisky in the city of New York since the House
bill, including the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, was adopted. If ho w.mts to
know the effect of that bill upon prices, he can
iind it in that, Notonlyhas the price of whisky
receded twenty-fivecents pergallon.butthc price 1
of corn has fallen twenty-five cents in the gentle- !
man's own district. I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle- ]
man lias not answered my question. I ask mv '
colleague if we advance the tax forty cents, will !
it not add to the value of the corn which his con-
stituents and my constituents have to sell?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Perhaps the adoption of
the Senate amendment, which lays the tax at
sixty cents from the passage of the bill to July
next, at seventy cents after July and up to Jan-
uary, and after January to eighty cents, may in-
crease the price of whisky and the price of corn.
But thatamendmentdoes not propose to go back
and tax that 011 hand and which has already paid
a tax. Such a course would ruin and bankrupt
those who have been engaged in the manufac-
ture. Adopt the House bill, and you destroy them
and destroy the market. I do not want to place
them in such a situation that they cannot buy the
cattle and hogs and corn and rye of our farmers
to feed, or make whisky to sell. It is that to
which I am objecting, and not to an increased
tax upon that which may be manufactured here-
after.
I have endeavored to show, and I flatter myself
that I have shown to those who have watched
my argument, that the effect of this tax will be to
ruin and destroy those manufacturers who have
large quantities of this article 011 hand, owing to
what must necessarily follow—a depreciation in
the value of their articles, from the fact that then-
spirits, stock, and grain must be thrown into
market and sold. If that is to be the effect, you not
only cut off the additional revenue which might
be derived from what is manufactured hereafter,
but you totally luin those who have invested their
all 111 this enterprise, and cutoff from the farmers
ol the West the corn market, thegrain market, the
hog market, and ihe cuttle market that these estab-
lishments have afforded. And not only that, sir;
each one of these establishments employs a large
number of hands. Theie arc two establishments
in the city of Peoria that employ upon cooperage
alone one hundred and fifty men each, besides
those engaged in other departments of these es-
tablishments, All these men will be made to feel
the effect of this tax if it be imposed. What I de-
sire is so to arrange this tax that these establish-
ments may lie enabled to continue running and to
yield to this Government a revenue of which, as
n citizen of the State, I shall feel proud, and which
will be mateiially lVlt in the coffers of the nation.
If, as I have shown, the cities of Peoria and Chi-
cago will yield to the Government a revenue of
nearly twelve million dollars under the Senate bill,
it is but reasonable to suppose the establishments
in other portions of the State to which I have al-
luded will greatly augment that amount.
I believe that if you adopt the Sen ate amendment,
if you refuse to stand by the House bill, so as to
relieve these men from this additional odious bui -
den of taxation and enable them to prosecute their
business, instead of raising the $4,000,000 which
you might possibly derive from taxing the stock
on hand, the State of Illinois alone will, during
the next twelve months, pour into the Treasury
$17,000,000. And for these reasons I shall sup-
port the Senate amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, ltis now very near the usual
hour of adjournment, and I wilt therefore demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. GOX. Would the previous question cut
offnil further amendments?
TheSPEAKER. The previous question being
called upon the amendments of the Senate gen-
erally, cuts off all amendments thereto.
Mr. HOLMAN, 1 hope the gentle man from
Pennsylvania will not insist 011 calling the pre-
vious question upon the whole of the amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
already been seconded, and the question now is
upon ordering the main question.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. W ill that bring the House
to a vote upon all the amendments at once?
I he SPEAKER. It will not; a separate vote
can be had upon each amendment; but it pte-
cludes the power of amending the amendments
of the .Semite,
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 demand a separate vote on
each amendment,
Mr. STEVENS addressed the Chair,
Mr. W ASH BURNE, of Illinois. Under what
rule is the gentleman from Pennsylvania entitled
to the floor?
The SPEAKER. He is entitled to close the
debate, having reported the amendments back
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to hear the gentleman, but I do not think he
has any right to be heard, under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has;
and is confirmed in that opinion by the gentleman
befoie him who understands the parliamentary
usage so well.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, T will occupy
the attention of the House but a very short time.
I desire to say, in the first place, that a few of
the positions taken by the opponents of the Sen-
ate bill, or rather by those in favor of the House
bill, I think to be founded on mistakes in fact.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] has re-
ferred to a British statute.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Has not the previous question
been sustained ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is debate then to
go 011 ?
The SPEAKER. It is, on the part of the gen-
tleman who reported back tlfe amendments. •
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. And nobody else?
The SPEAKER. And nobody else. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to an hour,
under the 60th rule.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman understood
the British statute of 1860 as imposing an addi-
tional tax on tho whisky that had been taxed be-
fore. Now I have examined that statute and I
do not find it to bear the same construction given
to it by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.]
On the contrary, the words of that statute are al-
most precisely the same used in the House bill
as it was first reported by the Committee of Waya
and Means. I!y the English laws certain whisky
stored 111 free warehouses did not pay the excise
duty until taken out for consumption. And this
statute to which we have been referred was sim-
ply that that which had not paid the duty before
should he subject to the tax then imposed, and
it provided that inasmuch as distillers might have
made bargains to deliver on time, the additional
tax should fall, not upon them, but upon the
merchants, just as the bill of last Congress pro-
vided.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania be good enough to read the section of the
Biitish statute to which I made special reference,
so that the House may consider for itself its char-
acter and interpretation?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly, sir. Here is a
copy of it. It applied to the stock in the hands
of the distiller which had never paid the excise
duty ; for by the English law it was not bound to
pay it until removed for consumption. I there-
fore think that I was right in saying that the Brit-
ish Government has never retaxed'any thing that
had paid the tax befoie and liore the stamp. In
th e case referred to yesterday, it was decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States that the
payment of duty on imported goods carried with
it a license to sell, and that the goods could not
be relaxed in a State, as was proposed by the
State of Maryland. Now, if the payment of the
duty ^ave the right to sell and traffic, in the goods,
free from further taxation, on what principle is
it that the House bill proceeds?
Mr. WILSON. In the case referred to, the
additional tax was sought to be imposed by the
State.
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly; but the g-en-
tleman from Iowa knows that one of the dicta of
the Supremo Court was that the payment of the
tax gave a license to sell, so that no further tax
could be imposed. If it didgivea license to sell,
that could not be afterwards affected by the Gov-
! ernmenteither of the United States or of the State.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I would like my colleague
to say whether there is anything in that decision
which authorizes the opinion being entertained or
expressed that the Supreme Court decided that
Congress could not exercise the power?
Mr. STEVENS. It was that a State should
not. But I am speaking ofa dictum t of the opin-
ion of one of the judges. That, I think, author-
izes us to infer that when a tax is once paid it
carries with it full license to sell without relax-
ation.
Mr, VOORHEES. As I did not have the opin-
ion at my desk yesterday,! will, with thepermis-
