108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2,
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Railroad to New York—Mr. Sweat.
Ho. oe Reps.
hands of the abolition party and their allies, the
Republicans. The potency of this combined party
for large and permanent mischicf was born of the
rebellion, and would have perished with it if the
rebellion had been suppressed within the first
eighteen months. As that had created its strength
they were cause and effect, and must live or die
together. The sagacious leaders well knew this
truth, and so managed Mr. Lincoln during the
whole of that time as to make him the uncon-
sciou&instrumenttoprotractthewar. He at length
awoke to the perception of his true position and
part, but then he as well as they had objects
which could only b*e secured by the continuance
of the war, since which that has been a common
object with them. If it were yet to be brought
to a close within a reasonable time the Constitu-
tution and liberty might be saved, but amid great
peril, to which every hour adds and may soon
leave the task hopeless.
Our own Government has become so abused
and perverted, so unjust and oppressive to all
who will not bow to those who administer if in
unquestioning submission,so fruitfulandgeneral
a source of evil and practical despotism, that hun-
dreds of thousands and millions of the most loyal
people of the United States are in doubt whether
it as administered or the, rebellion is the greatest
national scourge. The assaults, wrongs, and op-
pressions of both on the border slave States is
such as to be passing them, as it were, between
the upper and nether millstone. The greatest
good that could now fall to the lot of the people
of those States would be the speediest suppres-
sion of the rebellion by all constitutional measures
and means, and by the expulsion from power of
the party that has possession of the Government
and is ruling the country and so rccklessly rush-
ing both upon ruin. I look for the consummation
of the first to the continued efforts of our brave
and numerous soldiery and the submission of the
rebels*. For the second I still rely upon the peace-
ful remedy of the ballot-box, applied by the sov-
ereign power of the United States; and if it were
applied so as to produce that great change, 1 be-
lieve that the cessation of the war, the submission
and reconciliation of the rebels, the reconstruc-
tion of the Union,and the vindication of the laws
and Constitution, with renewed guarantees and
strength, would all speedily ensue. But if the dom-
inant party can continue their power and rule,
either by the will or acquiescence of the people
or the exercise of the formidable powers which
it has usurped, I am not able to see any tei ruina-
tion of the present and still growing ills short of
the ordeal of general and bloody anarchy.
KAILKOAP TO NKVV YOKK.
SPEECH OF HON. L. J). M. SWEAT,
Oh' MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
JJpril 2, M)4.
The House having inhumed the consideration of the lull
to declare certain mads military toads and post roads, and to
regulate conmicico—
Mr. SWEAT said:
Mr. Speaker: Sincerely believing that the prin-
ciples involved in the hill now under considera-
tionare unwananted by the Constitution and the
laws of the land, as well as by the facts of the
case, I feel impelled by a sense of duty, from my
earnest convictions upon the subject, not to let this
oppoitunity pass without at least making a few
suggestions m vindication of the vote which I
shall give. In times of war, excitement, and
alarm, we are apt to be absorbed in the present
and blinded to the future, and this is one of the
great dangeis we aie now laboring undcrasa peo-
ple. As one of the most distinguished and ablest
of our public men once said upon-a scheme of
legislation similar to this, "Great and sudden
changes in opinion on important political sub-
jects are thrt usual forerunners of revolutions in
States." This is emphatically so when the force
of Government rests on common sentiment. The
fear is that we, in our legislative action, may be
too much influenced by the excitement produced
by the distracted condition of the country to con-
sider calmly any question of a political nature
which may come before us. The magnitude and
importance of the principles involved in this pro-
posed species of legislation demand the earnest,
thorough examination and consideration of this
House.
Gentlemen who have spoken on this side of the
House have seen fit to appeal to the magnanimity
and generosity of the other side in behalf of the
rights of New Jersey, her Legislature, courts, and
citizens. Sir, I have no such appeal to make. I
address myself to the facts of this case, and to the
Constitution and the laws as applicable to them.
Magnanimity and generosity I think are not de-
manded by the Camden and Amboy Railroad
Company of me or of any other member of this
House. My first impression of the unsoundness
of this proposition now before us has gained in
reading the report made by the chairman of the
committee to whom this matter was referred. My
attention had not been called to it except curso-
rily and incidentally until 1 took up the report
and read it, and I must say I am astonished to
find that a question involving such unprecedented
and unwarranted demands for congiessional in-
terference has found a foothold in this House;
and while I have the utmost respect and regard
for that committee, collectively and individually,
I must say I think they have made a report which
cannot be-sustained by the facts in the case, nor
by the law as applicable to those facts.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] said
to us yesterday, " Woe be to any corporation or
State that raises its hands against the power and
majesty of this great Government." But precisely
here is the issue. I deny that New Jersey or the
corporation interested in this question, existing
under the laws of that State, have raised their
hands against the Government, and I would cau-
tion the gentleman against the danger of acting
upon a supposed and unfounded state of facts, and
against the danger of being led, in these days of
extreme legislation, to ignore the rights of the
people and the just and true distinction between
the rights and powers of the States and those of
the Congress of the United States.
A disposition to make this a party question
seems to have manifested itself in some quarters,
hut I deny that there is any party consideration
that ought to influence this House in the dispo-
sition of the subject now before it, and 1 think
that he who permits himself to be governed by
any such motives can be neither an honest man
nor u safe legislator. I have no feeling with
reference to it except to see the right prevail.
Previous to 1830, when the first charter was
granted to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany, it is well known that the whole country
had settled down upon the idea that Congress had
no power to interfere with the railroad system in
the States. The question had been fully consid-
ered under all the Administrations from that of
Jefferson to Jackson, and the public mind ac-
quiesced in the doctrine that the power now
claimed in the bill before us did not exist in Con-
gress.
To show that such was the understanding of
the previous Congresses I need only to call the at-
tention of the House to the fact that in 1806 by j
Jefferson, in 1817 by Madison, in 1822 by Alon- j
roe, and in lb~8 by Jackson, specific recommend-
ations were made to Congress to have the Con-
stitution so amended that Congress should have
the power to legislate on subjects similar to the
one before us. Cut their recommendations were
not acted upon, and the Constitution was not
amended. Such being the state of public senti-
ment at that time on the question of internal im-
provements, we find that the State of New Jersey,
in the year 1830, granted a charter to the Camden
and Amboy Itaihoad Company,and thatin 1832,
after the union of this company and the canal com-
panies, the Legislature passed a supplementary
act, giving to this railroad company exclusive
franchises, of which I will more particularly speak
hereafter. They did this under the sanction of
the fixed sentiment of the country, produced by
the action of pievinus Congresses, and by the
clearly expressed opinions of Jeffeison, Monroe,
Madison, and Jackson.
Now, it may be, sir, that any allusion to those
distinguished men,or to the junsfsof the country
who have commented on this supposed power of
Congress, will pass by as the idle wind. But,
sir, 1 do not believe the time has yet quite come
which John Randolph once predicted would come,
when a member, who should lise upon this floor
and quote the Constitution of the United States,
would be called to order. I hope that hour has
not yet come; but if I can judge anything from
the indications of the times, we are fast drifting
toward it. What are the facts ? By section two
of the act of March, 1832, of the Legislature of
New Jersey, it was enacted:
" That it shall not be lawful at any time during the said
railroad charter to construct any other railroad ot railroads
in tins State without the consentof said companies, which
shall be intended or used for the transpoitation of passen-
gers or merchandise between tiie cities of New York and
Philadelphia, or to compete in business with the railroad
to which this supplement is relative."
This shows in clear and unmistakable language
the meaningof the Legislature; and by a supple-
mentary act, passed in 1854, this construction
was most deliberately confirmed.
" By the preamble of the act of 1834 it is recited that by
reason of existing contracts between the State and the corn-
panics as set forth in their acts of incorporation, and oilier
acts in relation to the said companies, they arc possessed
of certain exclusive privileges winch prevent the construc-
tion, except by their consent, of any other i ail road or rail-
roads in this State which shall 4>e intended or used lor the
transposition of passengers or merchandise between the
cilicsot New York and Philadelphia, or to compete in busi-
ness with the laihoads of the said companies. And by the
fust section of the act it is enacted that it shall not be law-
ful before the 1st day of January, 1869, to construct any
other lailroud or railroads m this State, without the con-
sent ot the said joint companies, which shall be used for
the transportation of passengers or merchandise between
the cities of New York and Philadelphia, or to compete in
business between the s-akl cities with the railroads of the
said joint companies, or that may in any manner be used
or intended to be used for the purpose of defeating the true
intent of the act passed March 2,1832, or of this act, which
intent and meaning are hereby declared to be fully and ef-
fectually to protect, until the 1st day of January, 1869, the
business of the said joint companies from lailroad compe-
tition between the cities of New Yoik and Philadelphia."
And as the chancellorof New Jersey well said:
It is difficult to conceive of a more expi ess engagement
on the pai t of ihe Stato, or of a clearer recognition of {lie
exclusive rights of the companies than is contained in these
statutes. Whatever doubts may be entertained as to the
construction of the contract, there can be none a& to the
fact of making it."
At the time this company was incorporated no-
body raised a question as to the true intent and
meaning of the Legislature. Under this charter,
Mr. Speaker, I contend that the State of New
Jersey made a solemn contract with the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company, and that both the
Legislatureand the company were bound thereby,
if there is any gentleman upon this floor who is
disposed to controvert this position, 1 would thank
him to put any questions to me touching that
point. 1 repeat that as early as 1833 the Legis-
lature of New Jersey made a solemn and delib-
erate contract with the Camden and Amboy Rail-
road Company, and confirmed it in 1854, giving
them certain exclusive privileges. It is in the
usual form of a contract. It is that species of con-
tract which is made by every State in the Union
every year. No one then denied that the State of
New Jeisey had a right to make this contract. It
was so understood by the Legislature. It was so
understood by the company. It has been so un-
derstood both hy tin* Legislature and the company
from 1832 down to the present tune, and it has
been so understood by the people throughout the
country who knew anything at all of the subject
of New Jeisey's legislation. Does any gentle-
man on tins floor question the right of the State
of New Jersey to make this contract? She had
a light to make contracts befoie she entered into
the compact forming the Union. I am not aware
that she ceded away that right to Congiess. If
so, when, where, and how was it done?
Some gentlemen, however, complain that the
State of New Jersey had no right to grant an ex-
clusive charier. I think that is the position taken
by the learned gentleman from tiie Syracuse dis-
trict of New York, [Mr. Davis,] on the ground
that it takes away the right of subsequent Legis-
latures to pass any adverse measure. Now, on
this question of whether one Legislature has a
right to pass a bill in derogation of the rights of
any subsequent Legislatuie I have simply this to
say: 1 have never known the question to he raised
until it was by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis.] " It is an inherent right of eover-
