1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, read
some points from it.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly,sir.
Mr. VOORHEES. I read from the decision
in the Maryland case:
a Commerce is inteicour^e; one of its most ordinary in-
grcdi<'ius is traffic.*' * * + * a To what
purpose should the power to allow iinpoitation be given,
unaccompanied with the powci to authorize a sale of the
thins imported? Sale id the object of importation."
Now, if you will let " manufacture" stand for
"importation," you willhave a case exactly an-
alogous.
Mr. STEVENS. That is not necessary; be-
cause we provide here also for taxing all liquors
imported forty cents a gallon additional.
Mi. VOORI-IEES, (continuing to read:)
" We think, then, that it the power to authorize a sale
exi=ts in Conscref-s, the conclusion that the right to sell is
connected with the law permitting impoitation as an insep-
arable mcident is inevitable."
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly that is the true
doctrine, and the only doctrine on which the faith
of the Government can be sustained.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania whether the point in that ease goes be-
yond this, that the State has noauthority to inter-
fere by taxation or other means with the exclusive
exercise of the power of the General Government
to regulate commerce ?
Mr. STEVENS. That was the point before
the court; but I speak of the reasoning of the
judge, that goes to the full extent that I have al-
ready stated, ant! so the reasoning of the gentle-
man fiom Indiana shows.
Now, sir, I understand the gentleman from
Iowa, behind me, [Mr. ECassox,] to advance the
extraordinary doctrine that our tax of twenty
Cents per gallon, of last year, did what? Only
gave the distiller permission to distill the whisky,
but not to offer it for salb. So he was reported
and so I understood him: an excellent doctrine for 1
this House! We have the right, by the doctrine |
of the gentleman, to catch it the moment it is dis- 1
tilled, and put another tax upon it befoie he has j
permission to sell it. I
Mr. KASSON. I ask my colleague on the j
Committee of Ways and Moans, as the picviou.s I
question will prevent me from replying, to give i
me permission to explain what my position was. ,
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman j
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say that my propo- j
sition was this, in distinction fiom the opinion 1
the gentleman says i advanced; 1 say that we i
licensed the distiller by virtue of the original pro-
vision in the bill of the last Congress, requiring
him to pay a tax of twenty cents per gallon, to
manufacture and sell or remove for consumption.
My further position was, that after it had been
sold hy him, it became the propeity of the coun-
try and was liable to further taxation hy the State
or national Government. Under the former law
he had unquestionably the right to sell. I stated
distinctly that I did not desire the retroactive opera-
tion of this law, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania did; that I did not desire it to go back to
the 12th of January last, but that it should go into
effect from and after the passage of this act.
Ceitainly, we have a right to revise the action
of the last Congress, and authorize a higher rate
of duty to he levied forthe comingyear than was
imposed the pievious year. I did not take posi-
tion that the manufacturer had no right to sell
under the present law. He may sell to-dny what
he produced yesteiday, and he may sell to-mor-
row what he produces to-day. But if, when the
law goes into effect, he has an accumulated stock
on hand, which he has withheld fiom the niai ket,
the same rule will apply to him that applies after
the passage of any other act. I do not piopose
that the hill shall be retroactive in its effect.
Mr. STEVENS. I find from the report of the
gentleman's speech, ns published, that he took the
broad ground that the twenty cents per gallon of
the last session only licenses the distiller to man-
ufacture. And if he sees fit to keep it on hand
for six months, according to this doctiine you
may tux him twenty cents moreagallon for keep-
ing it on hand ; at the end of six months more, you
may tax him another twenty cents, because Ue
ha<? not sold it, and so on as long as he continues
to keep it, you increase the tax. Sir,itisamon-
str-ms doeti me, and as absurd as it is monstrous.
Now, sir, from what examination I have been
able to give to the British laws referred to, I un-
dertake to say that no manufactured article that
has once paid a tax is required to pay it a second
time.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania what is the difference
m principle between taxing the manufacturer of
whisky for his accumulated stock at the end of the
year, because he has it on hand, and taxing me
for my carriage because I have it on hand ?
Mr. STEVENS. Becausein one case you tax
the use of an article, and in the other you tax an
article that has not been used. When you tax
a carriage for the use of it last year, and again for
its use this year, you do not tax the same thing
twice, but if you tux a man for a drink and then
tax him the next year for the same thing, it in-
volves an entirely different principle.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him this question ? 1 believe the act of
last year contains a provision looking to the pros-
pective taxation of landed property; now, where
is the difference in principle between taxing the
same liquors a second time and the taxation o.ft
vacant and unimproved land?
Mr. STEVENS. I mean to say that when you
tax land you tax an«article that is substantial and
permanent, that is used nnd to be used by the
farmer, and the principle is very different from
the taxation of a mere article of commerce which
when once used has no more value.
Mr. WILSON. 1 wish to call the attention of
the gentleman ft om Pennsylvania to another por-
tion of the decision to which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] referred. The courtin
this case says:
11 It certainly cannot be maintained that the States have
no nuthontv to tav inipomd m< k handle. lint the *.une
principle tit di--cninjnatu>a betwei n the \vho!i"-,ih> nnd ic
tail dealer- in to a hcen-e to -ell, would -eem to me, if v\ (11
loumied, to extend to use* of evoiy dociiption. And u
would pioeiif a -singular mconeruit) to exempt a wholesale
meiehant fiom all taxes upon linstock of goods, and sub-
ject to taxation the like stock ol lin neiuhboi who was veil-
ing; by ici.ul.
"II is laid down in No. 3-2 of I he FedeialM, and I believe
mitveiMdly admitted, that the States, with the «ok  excep-
tion of dut m'n on impo) and e.xpoi i>51 ctain autiioi il\ to tax
ni the m 4 nb-oluse and umjiulihi'd and any at-
tempt on t!ie pail of the intjon.d Oo\cinnient to ahiidyc
them in the e.\eie!-e ol jt would !)■' a \ mlent a-Mimption of
jioyvet unwananted b\ anj ailale ui cI.ium' of the (,'njiMi-
tntion. Allhout>h an import oi duly may he eomuh-red a
tax in it. Jixe-L enlaced •• < .i-c. yt evei.v lav e.uinn't bcuu-
de ->t-~>od to m''an an uup.h-t <>r d*ui\ in the ?•< iim- ol I lie (Aui-
rtllUtlOl)."
The point decided is that the States could not
luy an impost duty upon goods winch had been
imported, and they did not decide that a State
could not tax in the hands of the impoi ler. As my
colleague says they decided that broken packages
maybe taxed. The same punesple applies heie,
that the General Government may levy tins tax
upon the piopeityin the hands ol' the importeror
i in the hands of the manufacturer.
| jUi\ \U01lUlilia. Till' case cited and uwl
j from by the gentleman H jneciai-ly this case under
j the act of the Maryland Lefcnilatuie pioposmf;,
i after the duty had been paid uii the articles, to
make the holder pay a license.
Mr. WILSON. Before he could sell ?
"Mr. VOOitHEES. Yes, sir; before he could
sell. Now, what is this forty cents you propose
to make them pay additional, what is this twenty
cents for? For the privilege of selling. So this
additional tax is for the privilege of selling. The
privilege once bought, the question is whethei you
can conn1 in afterwards and chaige an uddnional
sum in in dei to ciiabK h;m to enjoy t he same^n i v-
ilege. Tin re is the whole case.
Mr. WILSON. In order to get ut the precise
case, [ will rt fer to the syllabus. It is there de-
clared that a State law requiring an importer to
take a lice n so and pay fifty dollars bo fo to he should
be permitted to sell a package of imported goods,
is in conflict with that provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States which prohibits a State
from layinir any impost, ifcc.: and also with the
clause which declares that Congiess shall ha\c
iiower to iegu!at'j oommeice, &c.
Mr. VOORHEES. Iiy reading the act of the
Legislature of Maiylond, it will be seen how coi-
rectly I have stated it
Mr. WILSON. 1 suppose fiom the syllabus
I have ref.-ried to that this has nothing to do with
the question before the House. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 contend, as
I contended before when this Hou'sd had the sub-
ject under examination and discussion, that Con-
gress had imposed a tax that they declared to -be
prospective. They inaugurated the internal'rev-
enue by saying that in no case should they look
to retroactive taxation. When they-passed thai
they authorized every man in the land to manufac-
ture his goods on that principle. I say then that
itis faithlessin thisCongress to assume any other
ground. 1 will not deny the question that th<$ Gov-
ernment has the power to do wrong, but'-I hope
that it will do right. I say, therefore, to attempt
to production brought into existence under
the act of Congress is faithless and ought not to
receive our sanction.
I now take it simply on the question of revenue.
I understand thegentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Wood] to be extremely solicitous that
the Government shall have revenue to support itfi
expenses. Thegentleman behind me says thathe
wants levemiebutisopposed to theSenateamend-
ment. It did notsurprise me when the gentleman
from New York took that ground. I know with
what fidelity he voted for that bill.
A Member. He voted against it.
Mi. FERNANDO WOOD. Will thegentle-
man from Pennsylvania permit me to say why I
voted against the hill?
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield. The gen-
tleman expected to catch me in a trap.' I want
to say that the revenue raised by the House bill
is $2,000,000 less than what will be raised by the
Senate amendment for the first year, nnd every
subsequent year it will be $14,000,000 less.
message FltOJI the sis nate.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body hud passed a bill (S. No.
55) m relation to the circuit court in and for the
district of Wisconsin, and for other purposes, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House; and fllso that it had insisted upon its
disagreement to the House amendment tothecn-*
rollment bill, agreed to the committee of confer-
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed Messrs.
Wilson, G in mi. h,and Nksmith managers of said
confercncc on its part,
i! IN T1-: It N A L 1US VIS N UK—A G AIN.
II Mr. STEVENS. When I have shown, as a
question of revenue, that the Senate bill is far
preferable to the House bill, I am quite sure the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kas-
son] will go with us and suppoit the Senate
amendment. Let us look at it. By the House
bill an additional tax of forty cents is to be laid
on all that is on hand. I have said before that I
thought not more than half of it would be col-
lected, amounting to yj,000,000; but suppose we
collect the whole, it will be $>4,000,000.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether i understand him that the twenty cents
paid by the distiller is to covcrforall time to come
the liquor lie distilled r
Mr. STEVENS. It covers all lie had distilled
under that law, and covers it forall time to come.
Mr. PKICE asked another question, which
was entirely inaudible to the repotlers.
Mr. STEVENS. No man ever supposed,and
the gentleman is too intelligent to suppose, that
a manufacture is to pay more than once. A man-
ufactiue pays but once, and there is no exception
to that rule, unless you make this an exception,
i m ordei to pum>h the manufacture of whisky.
; Mi. PRICE. Do not other manufactured arti-
cles pay a tax once a year''
j Mr. STEVENS; No, sir: they pay a tax of
I thiee per cent.; and when they have paid it they
i have paid it forever.
! Mr. PIKE. I inquire whether some articles
j wete not taxfd every vear?
i Mr. STEVENS. Yes; for the use of them,
j such as carriages and plate; but not for their man-
1 ufacture.
i Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to ask the
| gentleman whether, by^the revenue bill to which
j this bill is vutuallyan amendment—the bill of
I July, 186:2—the raw material, iron and sugar, for
1 instance, a tax is not imposed upon them*, and
I whether, after they are manufactured, an addi-
I tiorml tax is not imposed?
