1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
38th Cons. ... 1st Sess.
Railroad to Neio York—Mr. Sweat.
Ho. oF'Rebs.
eignty." State Legislatures are every year giv-
ing away that which they cannot recall. When
a State makes a donation, it passes property from
its hands, and the fee vests in the grantee; and
you might as well say that the Legislature which
does that this year is derogating from the power
of a subsequent Legislature. Whenever a Legis-
lature permits a railroad, for instance, to cross
or occupy land where the tide ebbs and flows, or
in any way alienates the public domain, it gives
away what it has exclusive jurisdiction over; but
still it is a grant which it cannot revoke; and it
has not been, for that reason, considered as really
in derogation of the rights of any subsequentLe-
gislature. The plain and simple answer is this:
while the State Legislatures have the right to
make contracts and to grant charters with exclu-
sive privileges, they have not the right to break
such contracts. And why? Because the Consti-
tution of the United States, which I am to-uay,
and always have been, ready to stand by, says
in so many words that no law shall be made im-
pairing the obligation of contracts. As a distin-
guished jurist has said on this subject, it is the
Constitution of the United States, and not legis-
lative action which derogates from the power of
any subsequent Legislature. This is the limita-
tion. It is in the Constitution which prevents a
subsequent Legislature from revoking an exclu-
sive franchise granted bya precedingLegislature.
But while I say this, I do not contend that the
Legislature of any State can absolve itself from
its duty and obligation to provide for the public
use necessary highways and means of communi-
cation from place to place, and if public necessity
requires it the Legislature of New Jersey may
take away the franchises of the Camden and Am-
boy railroad; but this can only be done by the
exercise of the right of eminent domain, which is
an inherent right of the States, and not of the Ge?t-
eral Government. But if fianchises are taken
away under the exercise of this power and con-
demned for public use, it must be upon the same
conditions as are prescribed for the taking away
any other species of private property, to wit,
the condition of making a justand reasonable com-
pensation therefor. But the facts in this case do
not justify even the Legislature of New Jersey
(which alone has the power) in taking away the
franchises of this company.
In regard to the policy of granting exclusive
franchises,! might-agree with the gentlemen who
have spoken on the other side, were the question
presented anew to-day, for the considerations
which would govern me now are very different
from what they were in 1832, when the charter
was granted in this case. It is not sound and
wise policy in these advanced days of railroads
and other avenues of communication, which are
no longer doubtful experiments, to grant exclu-
sive privileges to any railroad company. But
you must bear in mind the time when this road
was chartered. I think the Legislature was wise
in granting exclusive privileges to this company
as early as 1832, as an inducement to invest pri-
vate means in what was then considered a haz-
ardous undertaking. I think the Massachusetts
Legislature was wise in granting an exclusive
charter to the Boston and Lowell Company. In
1830, when the railroad system had scarcely com-
menced in thiscountry,which has sinceeniiched
it more than all other influences in the way of in-
ternal improvements, the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts thoughtfit to grant a charter to the Bos-
ton and Lowell Railroad Company with the ex- i
elusive right of transporting freight and passen-
gers from Boston to Lowell. In a suit subse-
quently brought by that company against other
companies, which, it was supposed, had in fringed
on their rights, the courts of Massachusetts sus-
tained the right of the Legislature to grant these
exclusive privileges. And although the courts
did not grant an injunction against these compa-
nies, it was on the ground that they had not in-
terfered with the exclusive rights of the company;
the same reason precisely on which the New Jer-
sey court refused to grant the first injunction ap-
plied for in this case. *
How stands the case, then? We have a con-
tract made between the Legislature of New Jetsey
and the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company.
No one denies the right of the Legislature to
make that contract. Every one admits that the
contract cannot now be broken, because the Con-
stitution comes in and forbids it. On these points
there has been no denial from 1830 down to the
present session of this Congress.
Under this state of facts, and with the under-
standing which prevailed throughout the country
in regard tosuch questions, we find a charter given
in 1852 to the Camden and Atlantic Company, one
ofthe petitioners for the bill before us. The road
of this company turns at a right angle to the rail-
road to New York, and extends from Philadelphia
down to the Atlantic shore. This charter was
granted in 1852, some twenty-two years after the
charter was given to the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Company under which it has always
acted. It was intended for purely local purposes,
and its results have been the growth of a small
village between Camden and Atlantic City, and
the establishment of the latter as a watering place.
In 1854 a charter was granted to the Raritan
and Delaware Bay Railroad Company (the other
petitioner for legislation) to build a road from
some point on the Raritan bay east of Keyport,
in the county of Monmouth, to the village of
Toms River, in the county of Ocean, and thence
through the counties of Ocean and Burlington to
May's Landing, in the county of Atlantic, thence
through the counties of Atlantic and Cape May
to Cape Island, on the Atlantic ocean.
This proposed route, under their charter, would
traverse the Eastern Shore of New Jersey, from
Raritan bay to Cape Island, a distance of one
hundred and twenty miles, more or less, and was
intended for local traffic and the development of
the Eastern Shore portion of that State. This
road, ifcontinued through to Cape Island, accord-
ing to the terms of their charter, would cross the
Camden and Atlantic neaily at right angles, about
forty miles from Philadelphia. It was built in
this direction some twenty miles; and there their
work stopped till 1861, I believe, when those in-
terested in it again commenced extending the
road; but instead of continuing!! according to the
line prescribed under the charter, they deviated
westerly, and were in the process of making a
connection, by the way of Atsion, with the Cam-
den and Atlantic road at Jackson, some twenty
miles nearer Philadelphia than the place of cross-
ing it under their charter, when the first applica-
tion for an injunction was made by the Camden
and Amboy Company. I here call your attention
to the answer which they made to this applica-
tion for an injunction. 1 quote from the opinion
of the chancellor:
"The Raritan and Delaware Bay Railroad Company and
tho Piesiderit and other officers of the company, by their
aiibvvo, among other thing?, admit that at the time ol ob-
taining from the Legislature then act of incoiporation no
person interested in the application for said road had any
intention of cousti acting a laiiroad to transport passengeis
or merchandise between the cities of New York and Phil-
adelphia." **■>-**■***
*kThey deny that any agieement has been made, or is in-
tended to be made, foi the tianspoitation of freight or pas-
sengeis between the cities of New Yoik and Philadelphia.
They admit that they and the Camden and Atlantic Railroad
Company have in view the construction and peifectmg, bj
means of their respective lailronds and a convenient con-
nection between them,of acontinuousandconvenienthne
of i ail way communication across New Jersey, from the city
of Camden to I'oit Monmouth, but they deny that they or
any of them have in view the continuation of said line, at
either end thereof by steamboat transpoitation to the cities
of Now York and Philadelphia, forthe purpose of using the
same lor the transportation of passengers or merchandise in
a manner which will violate any contract between the State
and the complainants, or any provisions of the acts of the
Legislature inferred to in the complainants' bill. They also
deny that any contractor arrangement made by them is cal-
culated or intended to lorm a continuous line of railway
communication between the said cities, to compete in busi-
ness with the business ofthe complainants, contrary to their
vested rights. They admit that it is possible, if not piohib-
ited by law, that a line of communication by railroad and
steamboat between the cities of New Yoik and Philadelphia
might be opened, but they say that their railroad is not a
public highway and cannot so be u>ed without their eon-
eurtence and consent, and a-? they have made no anange-
ment whatsoever so to use the same, and do not intend any
unlawful use of their road, such use, if unlawful, cannot be
made, and if attempted, can be restrained by the couiis.
They al=o deny that they intend in any way to violate the
charteied lights of the complainants, or that they intend
duung their existence to violate any of the alleged exclusive
privileges ot the complainants. And the defendants, all and
each ot them, declare that it is not and never has been their
intention, by the construction of their railroad or its con-
nections with the Camden and Atlantic railroad, or other-
wise, to interfere with the complainants' chartered
by competing with the railroad of the complainants by the
transportation of passengers or merchandise between "tlie
cities of Philadelphia and New York, or otherwise." '•
The injunction was not granted, because by the
answer ofthe defendants itdid not appear that they
had interfered, or intended in the future to interfere,
with the exclusive privileges of the complainants,
to wit, of transporting passengers and freight be-
tween the two cities.' The fact that they hud de-
viated from their chartered rights and were actu-
ally in the process of connecting their two line's
of road, was not sufficient to authorize the chan*
cellor to grant the. injunction prayed for by the
Camden and Amboy Company, Thedetermined
purpose of the Raritan and Delaware Bay Com-
pany to accomplish their object in utter disregard
ofthe established rights of others, can be seen in
no way more clearly than by noting their course
immediately after the first hearing before the
chancellor, where they had, under oath,'disa-
vowed any intention of interfering with the fran-
chises of the Camden and Amboy Company:"
" The application for a preliminary injunction to restrain
the connection between the defendants' roads was denied
on the 13th of August, 1862. The junction was formed and
the roads thus united went into operations in September,
1862. The route is continued by mean* of steamboats be-
tween Port Monmouth and Ntw York and between Cam-
den and Philadelphia, which run in connection with the
rtfad so as to form a complete and uninterrupted line ot
travel and t>asportation over the roads between the cities
of New York and Philadelphia. In eleven months, com-
mencing with November, 1862, there was transported over
these roads between Camden and Port Monmouth, and
mainly between the cities of New York and Philadelphia,
fomteen thousand tons of freight and seventeen thousand
six hundred passcngcis. A small poition ofthe freight con-
sisted of munitions of war, and nearly the whole of the
passengers were soldiers, cairiedover the road for the Uni-
ted States Government. The transporting of merchandise
from city to city is earned on by the agency of ti asporta-
tion companies, who have established offices for the lecep-
tion and delivery of freight in each city, from which offices
goods are regularly shipped over the entire route. Daily
regular freight lines are thus established. The loute is ad-
vertised—the attention of merchants and shippers is directed
to It as a new and expeditious route, and their patronage
solicited. The business of tiansporting way freight and
passengers is conducted by the raihoad companies in their
own names."
It was in proof that the Raritan and Delaware
Bay and the Camden and Atlantic Companies had
made contracts with each other for a continuous
line between the two cities, by boats crossing the
Delaware river and running between Raritan bay
and New York city. The chancellor says of
these contracts:
"Taken in connection with the other evidence in the
cause, they are obviously designed to promote the foi ma-
lum of a througlT joute for the transportation of merchan-
dise between the cities ot New York and Philadelphia.
Neither company has a right to permit it-s road to ho used
for f-ueh purpose. They cannot effect by combination what
neither can do lawfully. Nor can they effect by the aaency
of others what they may not do themselves. The com-
panies eontiol not only the raihoad lino across tne State,
but the boats at either teiminus upon tlie Raiitau bay and
the Delaware. The Camden and Atlantic Company are
under stipulation to furnish boats upon the Delaware. Tho
boats upon the itantan bay are owned in whole or in part
by officers of the company, and are used m connection
with the regular daily lines upon the road."
Upon the second hearing before the chancellor
an injunction was granted restraining the two com-
panies from competing with the Camden and Am-
boy Company in the transpoitation of merchan-
dise and passengers between the cities of Phila-
delphia and New York.
Under this state of the case the friends of the
Raritan and Delaware Bay and Camden and At-
lantic Companies come here and ask Congress to
do—what ? To make appropriation in aid of their
road ? No. To build a road through New Jer-
sey through Federal agency? No. They ask
you to authorize them to do jointly what no one
pretends can be done by either of the companies
separately. They ask you to override the Le-
gislature of New Jersey, the solemn adjudication
of her courts, and the chartered rights of her cit-
izens. They ask you, in short, to legalize ille-
gality.
Upon what grounds do they ask for this ex-
traordinary interference of Congress? Let us
examine them. Is it upon the ground that Con-
gress has the right to establish post roads? No.
The Constitution confers this power expressly
on Congress, and therefore this cannot be tho
reason ofthe proposed legislation. Is it upon the
