1864.
THE' CONGIiESSlONAL .f^GBR
2T18
could get a large amount of money out of it.^ It
was wrong in principle before, but it became right
in principle because you could got more money
out of it! Those tables would go to show that
after all if we do not impose that tax we do not
lose so much as \ye supposed we might be losing,
and as I supposed we might be losing, or rather
not get.
The result, work it how you may , is inevitable.
If there is a laige quantity on hand—take that
for an assumption—the time must come when
there will be a lull and a loss of revenue arising
from the fact that, the chance of speculation stops
the inducement fjov manufacturing; and the fact
of having a stock to meet an anticipated rise in the
tax induces the lull, tf I may call it so, in the
manufacture. The question then simply is, as it
must come, when shall it come? If you ptft a
dollar upon liquor now, and follow out the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
and say that a year hence there shall l)e half a
dollar more, the result will be-that you will stop
the manufacture immediately; that is to say, until
the next stock comes in, and then they will begin
again, in my judgment. If you puta tax on now
and raise it up by degrees, graduate it up to the
1st of January and then stop, you will stimulate
production up to that time, and, if a large stock
is accumulated, all that will be made alter that
time will be just as much as they are obliged to
make in order to carry out the operations of the
distilleries with reference to the cattle, hogs,&c.;
tliey will manufacture no more than tliey are
obliged to do until there is such a consumption
of tlio article as again renders It necessary to
produce.
That, it strikes me, is the plain common sense
about it, that that time must come somewhere;
and the mistake that gentlemen who desire to
get revenue make, in my judgment, is this: they
try to accomplish an impossibility, to get rev-
enue out of it by some species of legislation all
along. The only way to do it that I know of
is to keep increasing, expanding the currency of
liquor from three months to three months to the
end of time, or to the end of that time when we
want revenue from the article. You cannot do
that, because there is a limit beyond which you
cannot go; and, in my judgment, it is not quite
so certain, from certain facts that I have heard
and some to be still decided, that you may put
almost any amount of duty upon liquor and
the consumption will not be diminished. I have
been induced to hesitate a little upon this sub-
ject, ever since this bill was brought into the
Senate; for I understand 011 very good authority
that many of the poorer classes who formerly
drank liquor pre geiting in the habit of drinking
beer instead. Of course the tax makes no differ-
ence to those who do not care how much they
pay for a glass of whisky, provided they get a
good one. But I am told that that has been the
effect to a very considerable extent, or to some
extent, to say the least, among the poorer classes.
If that be tiue it may render it doubtful whether
there is not a limit beyond which we cannot go,
even for the purposes of revenue; and I look upon
the whole subject with reference to revenue alone.
Now, sir, let me give you a history of this idea
of grading. So far as 1 know it originated with
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Shkr.-
ma\'.] I-Ie was the fust that ever suggested it
that I know of, and in the Committee on Finance,
when tile bill came fiom the House of Represent-
atives at the fust part of the session, we followed
out his suggestion. To be sure the amount im-
posed was small; that is to say, ten cents or
five  .
Mr. SHERMAN. Ten, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We put on ten cents. It
shows you how the ideas of men expand. We
thought a little while ago that twenty cents a gal-
lon 011 whisky was a good tax. We came to-
gether at til is session, and when it was imposed we
thought sixty cents was a good tax, a laige tax.
Not satisfied with the sixty cents that came from
the House of Representatives, we graduated itand
increased it to eighty by putting on ten centsat a
certain datn and then ten cents more at another
period. The House of Representatives adapted
our system with reference to that matter. They
argued as we did on the subject that it -would
stimulate production; and that was the exact
giountl upon which it was placed. Weutlknow
what the result was with regard to that bill. We
passed it, certainly, and it stiinds so to tl^ig day;
it hns not been repealed.
But when the House of Representatives came
to consider this question anew under this bill,
they went a little further, and they raised it to a
dollar and a dollar and a quarter, grading it in the
same way, but going over from May or June un-
til January. We weie induced to beljeve that it
would be wise to make the increase begin qn tlie
1st of October for the reason that ihntJiMjui-d'stfrke
the coming crop,and"if we did not do .that a,very
great effort would be made to make all the whisky
possible between October and' Jahuary and theq
stop; but we came to the conclusion also that it
would bear an additional tax, and therefore we
increased it to $1 25 in October and put on an ad-
ditional quarter of a dollar in January. My rea-
soning was this: that although they would be
disposed to stop when it came to January, yet,
fiom the nature of things, itwould bedifficultfor
them to do so, and they must continue the man-
ufacture for the very reason that was given by
the honorable Senator from Indiana in the.debate
on the other bill, that having fheir hogs ai)d their
cattle on hand, they must necessarily continue
the manufacture for a certain time, until they
were disposed of; and that reason, if it was good
then, is good now.
The Senate can take its choice between this two
systems. I believed then, and I believe now>,'t|iat
the time must come when there will be a luHin
the manufacture, and we shall not get revenue
from this article; and it makes very little differ-
ence when it comes, bccause, necessarily, the sys-
tem must continue for years 111 order to obtain the
taxes that will be required. 1 believe tlia,t the ar-
ticle will bear ^1 50; and I believe that at this
crisis, when we want and shall wjint revenue from
now until the opening of the spring, the system
we have suggested and which has been adopted
is the one that will bo most likely to give us the
largest amount of revenue. If it stops then, we
shall suffer a loss of revenue for a time, but the
period will come when it will begin again; and, as
I have said once or twice before, the stopping
point must come some time or other from the
very nature of the case. You cannot devise a
system of taxation upon such an article that will
not produce that result. I believe—I do not pre-
tend that my opinion is good for much, but such
as it is I am bound to give it—the system we have
adopted of giadually increasing the tax is the best
one for'thc revenue at the time when we want
revenue; and th it we may as well take our rev-
enue now and from this time henceforth up to the
period when it will stop by a gradual tax as to
put on the whole amount of duty we intend to
get ultimately at this particular tune, which would
have the effect of stopping the revenue because it
would cause the manufactuic to cense, except so
far as is absolutely necessary 111 outer to keep the
distilleries in operation.
The system proposed by the Senator from In-
diana does not meet my view, although the. Sen-
ate may take a different view of it, I cannot
say that 1 feel indifferent to the lesult, because,
believing that the public good depends upon our
action to a certain extents I naturally prefer that
which, in my judgment, seems best calculated to
promote it. I sisal! be happy, should the Senate
adopt a diffeient system, if it turns out that I was
cntiiely mistaken; because I am always willing,
I trust, to be found to be mistaken when my be-
ing so is in its results productive of benefit to the
public. The whole matter is before the Senate,
and I hope we shall be able to settle it bqfore we
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him what is his opinion of the amendment
suggested by the Sc.iaior fium Massachusetts?
Ho said nothing about that.
Sir. FESSENDHN. With reference to that,
if the Senate shall so determine, I do not think
the two dolhus would be a very unreasonable
tax. I think the article would bear two dollars;
but I think there is some nsk about it, after all.
My opinion, deliberately foinied, and that ot the
i committee, was that ^1 51) was, as high as we
! could afford to go, with our present light on the
j subject. As I said before, we have been gaining
I light evei y day. Not long ago we thought twenty
j cents was a high tax; we have got now to $1 50;
I and 1 should not be surpiised if in a short time
vvs gQt.it h,igher still,,b.e.cfw&e it sflems we. e.x.panvj
in our ideas (whether \vc grow y/fser or. notj
with tho progress, pf tirpq.* "Ti'njp. Qtily c$i), tell
whether it is wjs.cLorxi to increase so mucl^.
With rega^4 Cp.the'other proposition that,
friend from Massachusetts has Blade .on the. s'u£>-
ject t>f manufactures, 1 will suggest to'hipa that hp
cannot do i,t in a single clause by adding two pec
cent. or 'anything elgq. He must go over .the
thing item by item,.apt} be prepared to go through
and move an increase i^pon ev$ry pne. They are
jiot all fixed at five percent.; they are five,! three;
t\yo, and one, throughout; and if he undertakes
tp do it I trust, he has a sufficient knowledge'of
all those items to <}ecid$ widely. , J confess'I,lave
not. "With. the study I have, bee.n able in th?
time I have had to give them I have npt ',been
able to acquire the information! and I have felied
with very great confidence on the great labor, and
examination that was giyen to ,t,he bill,.by the
Committee of Ways and Mean£.' .1 believe they
devoted themselves untiringly flnd^wjth a close
examination of facts in ordec to arrive at a right
conclusion, and in maqy particulars I rested upon
them. If the Se.nato,r is prepared with informa-
tion which justifies hiqjiq going further, so bejt.
He says that he represents a manufacturing
community, which is true, and that many of the
manufacturers are willing for you. to put on ten
per cent. I have no doubt of it at all, hot the
slightest. The larger the manufacturer is the
more wealthy he is, and the greater-stock he lias
on hand the more tie is willing that you put on
the stock. A tax often per cent, would be won-
derfully for the benefit of the rich manufacturer,
but very much against the interest of the small
and poorer one. That is the simple truth of it.
In the first place they make large sums on the
amount of stock which they have accumulated,
and they are able to stand it, because the more
you put on, experience has shown, the more the,y
will make. If you call it five per cent, they will
tax their customers seven; if you call it ten they
will tax t.heir customers fifteen; experience has
shown that that is the result. Therefore I place
very little, reliance on the subject of manufactures
of cotton, or tobacco, or whisky, or anythingelse
upoil the recommendation of the very.large and
wealthy manufactuiers who can stand anything
and make their profits out of it at the expense of
the community and of those whom they would
very willingly crush.
Mr. POWELL. I have been very much struck
with the latter part of the speech of the honor-
able Senator from Maine, and I think that in
every respect it is correct. 1 think we have some
evidence of that kind by the declarations of gen-
tlemen who have large stocks of whisky 011 hand.
I have no doubt tho^e who have large stocks 011
hand would not care if you tax it four dollars a
gallon at this hour.
I am of the opinion, however, Mr. President,
that a tax of $2 01* even $1 50 will yield to thfc
Government less revenue than a small tax. I
confess that 1 was a great deal astonished this
evening when I heard the statement that was
sent to the Secretary's table by thp honorable
Senator from Ohio read, showing the amount of
production for tho past live months, and then
when the production for 1860 was read by the
Senator from Indiana. 1 really had supposed
that more whisky had been made in the past year
than was made in the year 18G0; but, such does
not seem to have been the fact. For some time
past the price has been high. We thought that
inducements existed to stimulate the manufacture
of the article; it was believed that an increased
tax would be laid and that 011 hand would be ex-
empt. That of itself tended very much to stim-
ulate the manufacture of whisky; and ytft it ap-
pears that no more was made than in I860.
I have no doubt, sir, that some people will
drink whisky at any ptice, but I am equally sure
that if you lay a tax of even $1 50 on whisky
you will greatly diminish the consumption; and
by doing that you will, of course, diminish the
production. I am satisfied that less of it will be
drank, and the people will resort to other and
cheaper beverages. I believe that you would get
more revenue from whisky in the next five years
if you were not to tax it higher than sixty cents
than if you tax itany higher sum. As I said the
other day, I believe 'a dollar a gallon the very
outside that you should tax it if revenue is the
