THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
. Mr. STEVENS. Wherever the committee
could discriminate and lay the tax upon the addi-
tional value they did so. There are many cases
where that cannot be done. But all taxes which
were paid once are deducted from the income tax,
and they are never paid a second time. Such was
the law of 1862.
But I was proceeding, when interrupted, to
show that the Senate bill would produce morerev-
ewe than the House bill. I said the whole tax
upon the stock supposed to be on hand, provided
yoa could collect it all—which I deubt very much
—would amount to §4,000,000. You would^et
at oncei those $4,000,000. After that you would
get by the House bill for one year sixty cents on,
spy, seventy million gallons, which would make
$42,000,000. Thus you would get under the
tiouKe bill the first year, including the tax on that
en hand, $46,000,000.
Now how wiUitbeundertheamendmentofthe
Senate? During the first four months we would
get the sixty cents, the same as we will under
the House bill. Twenty-three million gallons is
the proportion which will be manufactured the first
four months. That would produce §13,800,000.
For the next six months, from July to January,
|he tax will be seventy cents. The amount man-
ufactured during that time will be thirty-five mil-
lion gallons, and will pay, at seventy ccnts,
#24,000,000. We have now disposed of ten
months. During the two months after the 1st of
January the tax will be eighty cents, and the
amount manufactured will be twelve million gal-
lons, and will produce $9,600,000 of revenue.
Within the year, then,under the Senate bill, we
would get §47,900,000, while under the House
bill,, including the tax on that on hand collected
to the utmost extent, we would get $46,000,000,
making $1,900,000 more revenue collected under
the Senate bill than under the House bill; admit-
ting, as I said' before, that you could collect the
whole, upon that on hand.
How wi-ll it be after the fiist year? After that,
every year the House bill would produce the sum
of $42,000,000, and the Senate bill, at eighty cents
per gallon, would produce £56,000,000, making
114,000,000 more under the Senate bill than under
the House bill.
Now 1 ask gentlemen tinder these circumstances
to give mo some other reason than that it is rev-
enue that is wanted, before they insist upon the
House bill. And yet, notwithstanding the Sen-
ate bill produces for all time to come $14,000,000
more ft year, and $1,900,000 for the first year,
the distillers do not object to the increased tax,
UeeaMse they have time to accommodate them-
selves to this change.
1 hold in my hand a paper signed by seveiity-
two of the principal distillers in the United States,
if) which they tell us not to tux the stock on build,
but thoy do not object to the increased tax pro-
posed in the Senate bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether if the bill should l)e sent to a com-
mittee of conference we cannot get the increased
tax provided for by the Senate amendment and
also retain the tax on the stock on hand, and
thereby increase the amount of revenue beyond
What is now provided for?
Mr, STEVENS. The gentleman knows that
there is an old saying that if the sky falls youctui
catchlarks. [Laughter.] 1 ennnottell what might
be done by a committee of conference.
Mr. WILSON, 1 nslc the gentleman if what
I have suggested is not true?
Mr, STEVENS. The gentleman knows as
well as 1 do what a committee of conference can
do, and so, I presume, does every gentleman
here.
1 ask gentlemen who are in favor of revenue to
consider this question; I ask gentlemen who are
in favor of maintaining the pledged faiih of the
Government to consider this question; and I ask
that we shall not run the risk of having the bill
so monstrously framed that we shall tux again
what we have already taxed, thus breaking down
the present manufacluicrs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I understand my col-
league, he supposes that the production will be
unimpaiied by the Senate's amendment, 1 de-
sire, in this connection, to ask him what was the
jt'ffect on the production of the passage of the ex-
isting law and what was the amount of revenue
which that law yielded ?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 believe the law m one year
yielded about four million dollars.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That would-indicate a pro-
duction of about eight million gallons.
Mr. STEVENS. Itis ascertained that the pro-
duction last year was about sixty million gallons,
but for various reasons the tax was not collected
on the whole amount.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then the production was
reduced by the operation of the law from sixty
million to eight million gallons.
Mr. STEVENS. No, the gentleman does not
so understand me, because the gentleman can
understand what a man says. I said that the
ascertained production was sixty million gallons,
but that only $4,000,000 was collected owing to
evasions of the law.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to answer
the inquiry of the gpntleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams.] He asked the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means what was the
effuctofthe existing law upon production. Now,
I can tell him that, so far as New York is con-
cerned, the passage of that law stopped every
distillery in my district for six months, and there
were no operations in that district in the way of
manufacturing spirits until it was anticipated that
the necessities of the country would require a
new tax upon spirits hereafter to be manufactured.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York whether the effect which he now
states was not owing to the fact that no tax was
levied upon the stock on hand, and that they had
all crowded on their distilleries to their utmost
capacity so as to manufacture stock enough to
last through the first year?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. They have made
no money except it was in anticipation of the im-
position of an increased tax by the Government,
from which they supposed they would have de-
rived a piofit, and thtit they had a right to sup-
pose.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I cannot give
way further to anybody. 1 will say to my col-
league [Mr. Williams] that although a sudden
tax may check for a certain time the manufacture
of this article, yet when you once lay it on and
let the manufacturers know how it is to be, I do
not think any tax you can lay upon whisky would
stop the manufacture of it to any great extent. I
know that if you were to break up the manufac-
tories now it would not be six months before they
would be in operation again, but that is not what
I propose to do. It has been shown in England
that that has not been the effect of the tax, and I
do not suppose that will be the effect in this coun-
try if the manufacturers can have any assuiance
that there is a design and a disposition on the
pai t of Congress to keep faith with them and with
the country.
And now, Mr. Speaker, for fear somebody else
should ask me another question, I will sit down
and let the vote be taken on the amendments.
The SPEA KEll. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. IIoi.man] having demanded a separate vote
on each amendment, they will be considered in
their order.
Mr. COX (at twenty-five minutes after four
o'clock, p. m.) moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
First amendment of the Senate;
Tn cerium one, after the word "or," insert tlie woids
dMilled and,'' so that it wil) read:
Theto shall bo levied, eolleeted, and paid on all spirits that
inav ho distilled ami sold, or distilled and removed for con-
sumption or sale.
TIjc amendment was concurred in.
St.-cond amendme n t:
Alter the last amendment insert the worUa " previous
to tlio J-it day of Jul} next.'''
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Add the following:
And upon all lnpior> that may he after the pas-
sage of thi-i act, and <<old, or removed for consumption or
sale, on and aitci the 1st day of Jul} nex', and piovious
to the l*-t day of Januaiy ne-vf, sevenH cent* on eaeh ami
every gallon ; and on all liquors that may be distilled after
the pass-age of tins act. and sold. 01 lemoved lur consump-
tion or "ale, on and alter the 1st day of Januaiy next,
eighty cents on each and evciy gallon,
Mr. STEVENS called % the yeas and nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens,
and Harris of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-one.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 41, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baily, John D. Baldwin, Francis P.
Blair. Blow, Broomall, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Donnelly, Eliot, English, Fenton, Garheld, Higby,
Hooper, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Marvin, Mcliride,
Melndoe, Le.onaid Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
son, Perham, Pomeroy, Alexander H. liiee, John II. liiee,
Edward H. Rollins, Ross, Sche ck, Scofield, Shannon,
Smithers,Stevens, Thayer, Van Valkenburgh, William B.
Washburn, Webster, and Wilder—41.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee,
James S. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffioth, Cox, Cravens,
Cioswell, Dawson, Deming, Dcnmsou, Dixon, Dumont,
Eckley, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fmck,
Frank, Ganson, Gooch, Grider, Grinnell, Gri&w«>ld, Hale,
Hauling, Benjamin G. IJairis, Charles M. Harris,Herrick,
Ilohnan, At-ahel W. Hubbard. John II. Hubbard, llulbuid,
Ilutchins, Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Orlando Kel-
loj;«, Kernan, King, Knupp, Law, La/.ear, Le Blond,Loan,
Lon", Longyear, Mallory, Maicv, McCluig, Melvinney,
Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, Daniel Moiris, Morrison, Amos Myeis, Nelson. No-
ble, Norton, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Price. Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson,
James S. ltolltus, Scott, Smith, Spalding, Stebbins, Joliu
B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Sweat,Thomas, Upson, Wadsvvorth,Elihu B. Wasbburne,
Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph VV. WluUwWilliams, Wilson,
Window, Wiuficld, and Fernando Wood1—106.
So the amendment was was ncm-eoricurrcd in
During the roll-call,
•Mr. BAXTKR. stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Blaine, who would have voted to con-
cur in the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, stated that Mr.
Brown, of West Virginia, had been detained by
illness yesterday and to-day.
Mr. DR1GGS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Morris, of Ohio.
Mr. ICASSON stated that he had agreed to pair
off with Mr. Morrill, who not being well waa
obliged to leave the House.
Mr. BAXTER stated that Mr. Woodbridce
was detained at home by illness in his family.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out the following:
And all whisky oi any other "spirit, on being rectified or
mixed Willi any other spirit or fluid whatever, or into
which any matter whatever may he ininsed. and to be sold
a-s whifky, brandy, rum, gin, wine, or by any othei name,
and not otherwi.se piovuied U>r by this act, or the act to
which it is amendatory, shall pay an additional tax of
twenty cents per gallon.
Mr. SMITH called for tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Smith and
A. Myers were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G5, noes 54.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out the follow ing!
Provided fuitha\ That all spirits on hand for sale, whether
di.-tilled pi lor to the date of this act or not, shall be subject
to the tate-* of duty piovuled by this net fioin and after tlio
10th day of Januaiy, 1804; except that spirit* which have
been already taxed under the law approved July 1, JStr-J,
shall not bear more than the additional or mciea&ed tax
piovided for by this act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided ia
the alfinmitive—yeas 77, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneoua, Baily. FrancN
i'.-Blair, Bliss, Blow, Bioomall, Cobb, Cofhoth, Cole, Cox,
Ciavens, Thomas T. Davi-, Dawson, Denni^on, Edi tion,
Eldudge, English, Feriton, Fmck. Fiank, Gi ider,Gri-\vold,
Harding, (Jinnies M. Hanis, lligby, Dolman, Hooper,
Hutchm*, William Johnson, Kelley, King, Knapp, Law,
Lay,oar, Lo Blond, Long, Mallory, Marvin. MeBude, Mc-
Dowell, Melndoe, McKinney.Middleton, William 11. Mil-
ler, Jame* II. Moiris, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble,
(Unulo O'Neill. John O'Neill, Oith, I'atteison, Pendleton,
Peiry, l'omeroj*, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice,
Robinson, Schenck, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Smither&,
Steven^, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thayer,Van Valkenburgh,',
Voorhees, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, Wildei, and Winfield—77.
NAYS—Mes-sr*. William J. Allen, Alley, Allison. An~
dei^on, Arnold, Au::u>tus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandcgee, James
S. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Creswell, Dawes, Deming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Diurgs, Dumont, Eckley. Eden, Eliot, Farns-
woi ih, Gunson. Gaiiield,Gooch, Grinnell, Hale, Benjamin
G. Harris, flemck, As-ahel VV. llubbard, Ikilburd, Jeockes*
