110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
[April 2,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Railroad to New York—Mr. Sweat.
IIo. of Reps.
ground of military necessity? If so, my answer
is that under laws now on tlie statute-books the
President has the power to use these or any other
railroads in the country if the military necessity
to do so exists. By an act approved January
31, 1863, it is enacted:
"That the President of the United States, when in his
judgment the public safety may require it, be, and he is
hereby, authorized to take possession of any or ail the rail-
road lines of the United States,-so that they shall be con-
sidered post roads, and part of the military establishment of
the United States,"'
This power then exists, and hence there can
be no necessity of farther legislation upon this
ground.
In considering the bill before us, therefore, we
are compelled to abandon the " military neces-
sity" point, upon which some seem to have re-
lied, and must look for some other necessity for
the bill, and some other power in Congress to
pass it. If these roads were actually needed for
military purposes, and there were rio law author-
izing the Government to use them, I would say,
God speed this bill, for I would have all possible
facilities granted for military purposes; but, as 1
have just shown, no such necessity exists for our
action.
The friends of this measure are therefore com
pelled to find some other provision in the Con-
stitution by which to justify themselves in grant-
ing the requestof the petitioners,and itisclaimed
that the power is contained in that section of the
Constitution which says that "Congress shall have
power to regulate commercc with foreign nations,
and among the several States and with the Indian
tribes," and it is upon that point that I address
myself to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis.] I listened with the closest attention to
his remarks, first, because I consider him an able
and sound lawyer, and secondly, because I have
the highest regard for lum personally and believe
that the views ho entertains are honest views,
and that he would not advocate anything which
ho did not believe the interests of the country re-
quired. Hut his whole fallacy, 1 think, can be
traced to the point of a misconstruction of the
true meaning of the Constitution, which says that
Congress shall have power to " regulate commercc
between the States." With all due deference to
him, and others whose opinions may now differ
from nunc, 1 contend that no such construction of
the words " to regulate commerce between the
States" has ever been placed upon them until the
present time. Such was not the meaning attached
to them by the framers of the Constitution, as
appears by the action of the First Congress in
the year 1789, composed mpartofmen who aided
in framing it, and such has not been the construc-
tion given to it by the distinguished statesmen of
our country, such as J eftbrson, Madison, Monroe,
Jackson, and others, nor have our jurists or our
courts cvergiven the interpretation now contended
for. I1\n want of time it will be impossible for
me to read many aufhoiities, which i would like
to do. Without undertaking to comment upon it,
I will read a portion of the message of Mr. Mon-
roe, leturning the bill " for the preservation and
repair of the Cumbei land road," with his veto,
to the House of Representatives, in which it
originated. lie says :
"A powci to establish turnpikes with gates and lolN,
and m eatoiet: the collection ot tolls by penalties, im-
plies a power to adopt and execute a complete system of
internal improvement, a light to impose dunes to be paid
by all prison^ pacing a certain load, arid on holies and
carriages, as is done by tin* bill, involves the light to take
the land horn the pinpnetor, on a valuation, and to pass
laws tor the pioteetion of the load lrom injuries; and if
it exists- as to one road, it ex^ts as to any other, and to as
many road-1 as Contjre^s may thmk ptoperto establish. A
rjjrhi to legislate lor one of tiitse puipo^.vs is a right to leg-
islate tor the othei.s. it is a complete right of juiisdietion
and fcoveioignty foi all the purposes of internal impiove-
mcnt, and not meiely the right of applxing mouoy, undei
the power ve-ted  n Congress to make appiopriatioris, un-
d*r wiiieti power, w ltU tne consent 0f the State* tinough
wliu It tlii-j road pas-se-, the woikwus oiigmnlly com-
menced .•••id has been «o far executed. I am of opinion
ibat (JonjL'res- do not po*se>s this powei—that the States in
d;\(dually cannot aiant it j ten although they may assent
to the appiopiiatjon of money within their limits Vot «ueh
purpo.-e*., tnev can giant no power ot juusdiction or sever
eignty by special compacts with the United States. This
powet can ho gianted onlj bv an amendment to the Con-
stitution j and in tiie mode pie&ciibed by it.
" The substance of what has been uiged on this subject
maybe expiei sed in few word-.. My idea if, that Con-
gifcss have an unlimited power to rai^e money; and thatm
its appropriation they have a discretionary power, restricted
only by the duty to appropriate it to purposes of common de-
fense, and ot general, not local, national, not State benefit."
Again he says:
" The tenitoty contemplated by the Constitution belongs
to each State init'S separate character, and not to the United
States in their aggregate character,"
And upon another occasion he used the follow-
ing language:
" For every act requiring any legislative sanction what-
ever, the State authority njust be relied on. The condem-
nation of lands,the establibhmentof tolls, lawsforthe pio-
teetion of the work when finished, must be authorized by
the State."
Again:
" In the case of the Cumberland road, passing through
Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Viiginia, it was thought ne-
cessary to bring the subject before their respective Legis-
latures to obtain theirsanction, which was granted by each
State, by a legislative act approving the route, and providing
for the purchase and condemnation of the land. In this in-
stance, the United States have exercised no act of juris-
diction or sovereignty within either of the States by pars-
ing acts for the pioteetion of the load, or to raisearevenue
from it by the establishment of turnpikes and tolls, or any
other act founded on the principle of jurisdiction or right.
Whatever they have done has, on the contrary, been found-
ed on the opposite principle—on the voluntaiy and unqual-
ified admission that the sovereignty belonged to the Suite,
and not to the United States, and that they could perfoim
no act which could tend to weaken the power of the State,
or to assume any to themselves."
Similar views were expressed by Mr. Jefferson,
in his last annual message in 1808, and on other
occasions. In Mr. Madison's veto of the bill to
set apart and pledge certain funds forinternalim-
provements, he says, among other things:
"The power to regulate commerce among the several
States cannot include a power to constiuct roads and ca-
nalsand to improve the navigation of water-coui>es, in or-
der to facilitate, promote, and socute such a commerce,
without a latitude of construction, depaiting fiom the or-
dinary impoit of teim(5, strengthened by the known mcon-
venieuce.s w hich doubtless led to the giant of this remedial
power of Congiuss."
Seeing that no such power existed in Congress,
he suggested the only possible remedy, an amend-
ment of the Constitution.
General Jackson said " such a power had never
been exerciscd in a single instance."
I quote from the opinion of Mr. Justice Grier,
in the Newark Bridge case. He says:
"Congress has? the exclusive powei to regulate commerce,
but that has never been construed to include the means by
which commerce is cained on within a State. Canals,
turnpikes, budges, and laiiroads aie as necej-saiy to the
eonnneiee between and tinough the&evcial State*- asi iveis.
Vet Congies«j bns nevei pretended to regulate them. When
a city is made a poit of entry, Congress does not theieby
assume to legulate its hmbor, oi detiact lrom the soveieign
rights before exeioe-ed by each Statu over hei own public
i ivei". Congres- may establish post office* and post road*.;
but this does'not affect or control the absolute power ot the
State over highways and bridges."
And to the point that roads,bridges, and other
intei mil improvements belong to the Slates, I cite
the following authorities: 9 VVheaton, 203, Gib-
bons vs. Ogden; 11 Peters, 133, Now York vs.
IVIilner; 14 Howard, 574, Veaxie vs. Moor; *20
Howard, 92, 93, 94, Withers vs. Buckley.
But admit, for the sake of the argument, that
Congress has the power under the Constitution
to pass this bill, it is admitted by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] that it should be
exercised only in cases of the clearest necessity.
Now, what is the necessity m this case? 1 wish
to call the attention of the House to some facts
bearing upon this point; and in order to do this
we must have an inside view of the railroad sys-
tem now in operation in the State of New Jersey.
Judging from mere outside rumors, I should have
supposed that, by some means or other, New
Jersey had become sacred ground, on which no
citizen ot another State could place his foot, ex-
cept under high penalties. One might have sup-
posed that it was a celestial empire on a small
scale, into which no outside barbarian could be
permitted to enter. But there are some facts
pertaining to the system of internal improvements
in New Jersey which I think the House ought
to know. I call attention to a few of them.
I undertake to say that the State of New Jersey
has expended more money for railroads than any
State lying between Washington and the Canada
line, except New York, Massachusetts, and Penn-
sylvania, and that the facilities for transit across
it are equal to those of any other State.
The following table, prepared from the census
report of 1860, shows the number of miles of
railroad buiit and the money expended therefor in
the States referred to:
Miles. CvU.
Maine 473 $16,576,385
NewHanii. die 650 23,268.659
Veimont 556 23,336.215
Massachusetts   1.272 08,882,028
Rhode island 107 4.318,827
Connecticut 603 21,984,100
New York 2.701 131,3510,542
New Jersey ...559 28,997,032
Delawaie 13G 4,351,789
Maryland 380 21,387,15?
From which it appears that in 1860 New Jer-
sey had expended more money for railroads than
either of the States mentioned, except New York
and Massachusetts, and during the last decade
the percentage of increase of population in New
Jersey was greater than in either of the above-
named States.
Let us now examine for a moment the charge
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] that New Jersey interferes with the free
passage ofcommeice and travel across her terri-
tory. His position has no foundation in fact.
New York city has a passage across New Jersey
by eight railroads radiating in all directions, as
follows: the Northern railroad from Jersey City
to Picrmont; the Erie railroad from Jersey City
to State line, and continued thence; the Morris
and Essex road from Hobokcn to Hackettstown,
and now completing to the Delaware; the New
York Central, and Delaware, Lackawanna, and
Western from Jersey City toScranton; the New
Jersey railroad and* Trenton road from Jersey
City to Philadelphia; the Camden and Amboy
railroad from New York to Philadelphia; the
Raritan and Delaware Bay road, chartered to run
fiom New York to Cape May, along the Atlantic
coast. This system of roads connectsNew York
with every part of the country lying west of that
city. With Philadelphiaithas two railroad con-
nections besides the Delaware and Raritan canal,
which bears steam propellers of four hundred tons
burden, and with the coal region of Pennsylvania
it has two railroad connections besides the Morris
canal extending from Jersey City to Easton.
Then Philadelphia has transit across New Jer-
sey by the West Jersey railroad from Camden to
Cape May, with branches to Salem and Bridge-
ton, embracing all South Jersey, the Camden and
Atlantic, railroad from Camden to the Atlantic
coast, the two railroads to New York, and the
Belvidere and Delaware railroad, which, with the
roads to Trenton, connect the city with the entire
Delaware river to Belvidere, and a connection is
now forming at that place with the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western railroad loading to
Sciauton and northeastern Pennsylvania.
With such liberal provision for the commercial
necessities of these two great cities by railroad
lines reaching in every direction across the State
it cannot be said with truth that New Jersey in-
terferes with the hee passage of commerce or
travel.
And then the most important of these connec-
tions were earlier by many years than any other
railroad connections which those cities had with
other portions of the eouutiy. The Camden and
Amboy railroad was completed so as to form a
line in connection with steamers from New York
to Philadelphia as early as December, 1835. The
line by Trenton and Jetsey City was completed
December, 1838. The Delaware and Raritan ca-
nal in April, 1835. No otherraiiroad led from or
to those cities for ten years and more after these
dates. The New Haven, Harlem, and Hudson
River roads weie not in operation till 184tf or
1849. The Erie not till 1850. No other railroad
led out of Philadelphia (except perhaps the Phila-
delphia and Wilmington load) till 1844 or 1846.
The encouragement given by New Jersey to
her capitalists by securing to them for a definite
period freedom from competition did notobstruct
but promoted railroad facilities.
But it is said that the local fares are less, the
company discriminating in favor of the citizens
of New Jersey, l^he local fares m the vicinity
of New York at one end of the line, and of Phila-
delphia at the other end, are less than three cents
per mile, it is true. The object of this is to pro-
