1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2715
Mr FESSENDEN. Then the importance of a
question depends on whether the Senator is afraid
of it or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But we are now coming
to an important question, one which affects the
people I represent very largely, and I hope a vote
will not be taken to-night. I do not want to speak
at any length on the amendment that I propose,
and would just as lief, so far as that is concerned,
speak now as at any future time.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
•will be on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe there was a
motion made to adjourn.
Mr. "COWAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew the-motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must ask for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnckalew,Cowan, Davis, Harris, Hen-
de^on, Hemhicks,Powell,Richardson,and Sumner—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Carlile, Claik,Doolit-
tle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Moirill, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Conn ess, Dixon,
Harding, II icks, Howard, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nes-
mith, Pomeroy, Iliddle, Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—-18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition which
I have felt it to be my duty to submit to the Sen-
ate, is that from the 1st day of July, 1864, until
the 1st day of June, 1865, the tax upon liquors
distilled in the country shall be $1 a gallon, and
after the 1st of June, 1865, $1 50 a gallon. I sup-
pose every Senator is desirous of raising revenue,
but the first question to be considered is whether
this Is a fair measure with a view to revenue. I
do not think any Senatorcan say with confidence
from the experience we have had under the past
legislation that the revenue will be increased by
going over a dollar on the gallon. The tables fur-
nished by the Senator from Ohio show that since
the enactment of the low two years since the pro-
duction of liquor in the country has decreased;
that for the nineteen months closing with April
last the production was eighty-one million gal-
lons, while for the twelve months ending June 1,
1860, (he production was eighty-one million gal-
lons; so that under the law taxing liquor it re-
quired nineteen months to produce the amount of
whisky that was produced in twelve months in
1859-60. Then how can any Senator say that there
is the same amountproduced, whether it be taxed
or not taxed? Something has caused a decrease
in the production. What is that cause? Is if be-
cause the country has become more temperate in
the use of it? I do not think any Senator can say
that. The cause is m the fact that the price of
liquor has gone up, not altogether owing to the
fact that it was taxed twenty cents on the gallon,
but in part owing to the fact that the increase of
the currency has increased the price of this aiticle
wish everything else. I do not say it is all charge-
able to the fact that the tax has been imposed upon
it. But the production has been decreased is the
important point to be considered by Senators
when they are voting upon this question with a
view to volume.
But, sir, the important question to which I
wish the attention of the Senate to be given is the
effect upon a large interest which I represent—
the corn-growing interest of the Northwest. Sen-
ators say that whisky will bear a tax of a dollar
or a dollar and a half or two dollars, and I be-
lieve the Senator from "Wisconsin expressed the
opinion that perhaps it would bear a tax of $2 50
on the gallon. I ask Senators if they ask that
question in repect to any other interest of the
country ?
The Senator from Massachusetts, in making
his proposition, stated with great apparent gen-
erosity and frankness that he was willing to in-
crease the tax upon New England manufactures
to seven per cent.—a very liberal proposition.
But what is that > It is an increase on the tax of
1862 of slightly over one hundred per cent. The
proposition that I now submit to the Senate is to
tax a western production five hundred per cent,
more than it was taxed in 1862. The tax of 1862
was but twenty ccnts on the gallon. I propose
a tax now of five hundred per cent, upon that;
and is not that increase enough? When the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proposes to increase the
tax upon the production of his section of the
country one hundred per cent, do I not make a
sufficient answer to his liberality when I go five
hundred per cent, upon a western production ? I
think this is too high. It is not according to my
judgment that whisky should be taxed five hun-
dred per cent, more than it was in 1862; but I see
from the temper of the Senate that it is not worth
while for us to ask less, and I have gone to what
I think a very extreme figure in agreeing to one
dollar on the gallon.
But Senatois say it will bear this. I repeat the
question, do Senators ask that in respect to any
other proposed tax? When the Senator from
Massachusetts proposes but seven or ten per
cent, upon New England production, does he say
that it will bear no more? Who in this Senate
asks the question how much New England man-
ufactures and Pennsylvania minerals will bear ?
I dare say that we might put twenty per cent,
upon New England production, and it would
bear it. It would bear it, because the people of
the Northwest have to buy your cotton and your
woolen goods. Twenty per cent, upon the pro-
ductions of the mines of Pennsylvania perhaps
would be borne, for the reason that the people of
the West and of all sections of the country have
to buy the iron that is produced in Pennsylvania,
whatever it may cost. But you do notask what
it will bear. You ask the question in lespect to
every other interest, " What is right in view of the
taxes that are imposed upon other productions ?"
and for a northwestern production I ask that you
shall apply the same fair and equitable rule which
you do m taxing every other interest in the coun-
try. If you say but live per cent, is a fair tax,
not what it will bear, but a fair tax upon New
England production, is it not right for me to say
that when the tax upon a western production is
increased five hundred per cent, that is enough?
Mr. President, I care but little about the interest
of the distiller. There are not very many distill-
ers; one hundred distilleries furnish a market for
perhaps a thousand farms, ten thousand, thirty
thousand farms. I look to the interest of the corn-
grower. You say it will bear so much; but how?
By increasing the price upon the consumer, and
by taking away from the corn-grower the profit
that he ought to make upon his labor. When
you tax this interest I ask that you shall leave
some margin for profit to the man who produces
the corn which makes the whisky. Does any Sen-
ator dispute that a tax upon an article already
manufactured is a tax upon every article of value
that goes into that manufacture? Every New
EnglandSenator admits that. He admits it when
he asks a free list or a low list in the tariff of those
articles that are important for his manufacturing
purposes. Do you not admit, then, according to
the same reasoning which you apply in that class
of legislation, that when you tax whisky you tax
the corn that goes into the whisky? •
Then I ask of Senators when they tax this
aiticle, that they shall leave some room for profit,
not only to the distiller, which he ought to have,
but to the corn-grower. Mr. President, I think
we may well ask this now for the Northwest. As
I suggested the other day, our market is cut off.
Heretofore we have sold our corn down the Ohio
river. We cannot find a market there any more.
We must find our market somewhere, and if we
bring our corn to the East the profit or labot on
the northwestern farm is consumed m uansport-
ing that article into market. If itis converted in'to
whisky, then it may be ttansported and find a
market that will pay to the producer of the corn;
butif you rut off this use of the corn, and compel
us to seek a market now, what is our condition?
No other section of .the country is circumstanced
justas the corn-growing region of the Northwest
is, cut off from her usual market, a profitable mar-
ket, a desirable market. We now ask that you
shall leave us that production which enables us
to find a market m another direction-
Mr. President, if Senators are willing to tax
every otherinterest in the likeproportion, then put
whisky at $2 a gallon; but I am not content to sit
quietly in the Senate and see an increase of from
three to five per cent, upon the productions of
another legion of the country, and five hundred
per ccnt. refused as too low upon a norlhwuctu >i
production.' When it is asked thatitsftfUlbeput
on a thousand per cent., 1 think I have a right to
object. We want some profit left, not only to the
producer of the whisky, but to the man who raises
the corn.
I make this appeal to the Senate, to the sense
of right and of fairness on the part of the Senate.
I have conceded, and I think the Northwest is
willing to concede on this floor, a fair tax upon
whisky, such as will bring you all that you are
sure you can get by any other tax. You can put
a high tax on this article andstop the production,
but you will not get any revenue. I understand
every Senator to say thq£ his vote will be gov-
erned by the consideration of producing a reve-
nue. A high duty may cut off production, may
injure us, but not benefit the Government. I ask
a fair thing. This proposition according to the
opinion of many Senators will give to the Gov-
ernment all the revenue that she can realize from
this article. Go higher and you will get less
revenue, but you will injure a section of the counr
try which under the circumstances ought not to
be injured. I- ask for the yeas and nays'upon my
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Davis, Henderson,
Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Richardson,
and Sherman—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Cowan, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, I-'ostcr, Grimes, Hale, Ilarlan, Har-
ris, Howe, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Conness, Dixon,
Hauling, Hicks, Ilowaid, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Riddle, Saubbury, Sprague, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARLILE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 3, 1864.
Thellousemetattwelveo'clockjm. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the report
of the rosima^fr General, and appendix, be printed for the
use of the Post Office Department.
The resolution, under the rules, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to aprivileged question.
I move to reconsider the vO'r- by which the House
referred to the Committe' jf Elections a resolu-
tion tor the compensation of two contestants for
seats upon this floor. 1 do this for two reasons:
the resolution is of such a nature that it cannot
be reported back except when the committee is
called in its regular order; it is not a question of
privilege and cannot be reported at any time; and
secondly, there is no occasion to refer such resolu-
tions to the Committee of Elections, for the House
understands the merits of these cases just as well
without reference ns they will after reference.
The Committee of'Eleotions have presented their
views time and again on the subject. I think,
therefore, that the resolution had better be now
deposed of. It'may be weeks before the com-
mittee is called in the ordinary way for reports.
I demand the previous question on the motion
to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed, out
of the contingent lund of the Houbc, to poy John H. Me-
Ilenrj, jr., and John II, Bitch, the mileage of a member for
one session, and monthly pay from the" beginning of this
si'omoh, for contesting the seats of Hon. George H. Yea-
jun and Hon. Austin A. King.
Mr. WILSON moved to strike out the name
of John II. Birch.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the whole subject be laid upon the'table.
The House was divided; and there were—ayca
4G, noes 49.
M r.GIUNNELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The ) uis and nays were ordered
