1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
til
38th Cong-. ... 1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Howe.
Senate;
mote the growth of the towns and villages near
those cities by inducing men engaged in d&ily
business in the cities to settle on the line of the
road, and thereby create a daily travel, commonly
called excursion travel. This is the policy of all
railroads. This policy leads them to sell annual
and quarterly commutation tickets. Certainly
those cities ought not to complain of this; nor
ought any one to'complain of it. It is the true
policy of all railroads, and results in great good
to the community. The daily travel into and out
of New York by persons doing business there
while living in the vicinity within a range of
twenty or thirty miles is enormous. It is a great
public benefit. It promotes the health of the fam-
ilies to live in the country towns, and enables
them to live at a much cheaper rate; and the rail-
roads profit by it at even low rates of fare.
Again it is said that according to the report of
General Meigs the railroads failed^ in January last,
when the Potomac was blockaded by ice, to forward
necessary forage for the Army. The real difficulty
was not with the railroads, but with the Govern-
ment, in not returning the transportation cars of
the company. Some of them were sent south of
the Potomac; some of them were detained here.
Had the railroad company had their cars they
would have transported alt the forage delivered to
them. (See the dispatches annexed to the report,
showing that the difficulty was want of cars.)
When the Potomac was blockaded by the enemy
in 1861-62 the railroads carried all the Army sup-
plies without interfering with their regular busi-
ness. (See the report.) Their rolling stock is
no doubt much reduced by destruction and appro-
priation to Government service. Every effort is
made to renew it; but the scarcity of labor in that
branch of industry renders it almost impossible
to procure new cars. Had the cars been ready
at Philadelphia to receive the forage it would have
been transported across the Delaware. The ice
did not prevent it there. The Raritan and Dela-
ware Bay railroad would have had the same diffi-
culty to encounter, if any existed. But no com-
plaint at all is made that the New Jersey roads
did not carry everything deliveied to them. They
did, in fact, carry everythingas fast as delivered.
The difficulty was at Philadelphia, and this side
of Philadelphia, and it arose from the cars not
being returned from Washington. And the ob-
struction, whatever it was, was a single instance
in three years. The cold was almost unprece-
dented, not likely to occur soon again. It waa
soon relieved, showing its necessafily temporary
character. With even the small amount of forage
accumulated at Washington the Army supply was
continued. Its failure was only apprehended.
The Quartermaster General'a suggestion about
an interior line of laiiroad, crossing on bridges
above tide-water, is met by the consideration that
there are such lines already.
The Northern Central road, which is connected
with the Washington Branch at Baltimore, ex-
tends from thence to Harrisburg and connects
with the North, East, and West, Canandaigua,
Elmira, New York, and Pittsburg, by means of
the New York Central, the Erie, the New Jersey
Central, and the Pennsylvania Central raihoads.
If the friends of the Raritan and Delaware Bay
Railroad Company wish to have that road ex-
tended, if they have such patriotic, feelings that
they wish to connect New York with the middle
States and the more remote South, I will tell them
how they can do it without infringing on the
rights of the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany. Under their charter they have a right to
extend it along the shore, through Delaware and
Maryland, and so on to Norfolk. In fact it was
called at one time the Delaware Bay and Norfolk
Air Line Railroad. They need not be shut out
at Cape May. Let them go on and comply with
the provisions of their charter, and extend it, if
they please, further south.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] said
the other day that the chancellor of New Jersey
had decided in the first place that the Raritan road
was a legal structure from Camden to Port Mon-
mouth, from the west to the east line of the State,
and decided in the next place that no passengers
or freight could be taken over that road fiurn
Pennsylvania to New York.
Now, in answer to that, I beg leave to Ray to
the gentleman that the chancellor of New Jersey,
as I understand him, never made any such decis-
ion. He decided not to grant the first injunction
because the defendants came in and said in their
answer that they never intended to compete with
the Camden and Amboy road in carrying passen-
gers and freight. There was no ground for pro-
ceeding against them. The fact that they were
in the process of building their road on aline not
authorized by their charter was not sufficient to
authorize the chancellor to grant the injunction
first applied for, and when he denied it, it was not
because he adjudged the road legal, but because
they had not at that time interfered with theCam-
den and Amboy railroad by competing with it in
the actual transportation of passengers and freight
between Philadelphia and 3New York, and when
the injunction was afterwards granted it was upon
the ground that the competition in business had
really commenced. The proper course to take,
under the laws of New Jersey, against a railroad
for violating its charter is by information,a pro-
cess in the nature of a quowarrantot for the com-
pany to show cause why the road had not been
built according to the terms of its charter, and
why it should not be abated.
The gentleman from Ohio then quotes from the
Governor's recentproclamation to the Legislature
of New Jersey, and I could not help fearing at the
time that the manner in which he spoke of him
indicated a disposition to create some political
prejudice in favor of the petitioners in this case
and againstthe State. I-Ie spent some ten or fifteen
minutes in giving a definition of sovereignty, and
in assailing the Governor for saying that New
Jersey was a sovereign State. Is not New Jer-
sey a sovereign State in the common meaningand
intendment of the word? If he had looked at
Worcester's dictionary, or Bouvier's, he would
have found that a sovereign State is one thatgov-
erns itself without any interference from a foreign
Power. Had not the Governor a right to call New
Jersey a sovereign State? Jn enlarging on the
word sovereignty he quotes from Coleridge, tell-
ing us that lie once said that" more harm had come
from abstract definitions than from war, pesti-
lence, and famine." If Coleridge ever said this,
and perhaps he did, for the'gentleman from Ohio
is learned and poetical, and certainly ought to
know, I can only say that itis one ofa thousand
other sayings which that writer has published,
with more sound than meaning.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. O. HOWE,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the United States Senate,
April 4, 3864.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having un-
der consideration tlie joint resolution (S. No. 16) piopos-
in" amendments to the Constitution of the United States—
Mr. HOWE said:
Mr. President: I am bound to make my ac-
knowledgments to the honorable Senator from
Maryland for his courtesy in allowing me the
floor to-day. For some reasons peculiar to my-
self, it suits my convenience better to speak to-
day than at a subsequent day, and therefore I
asked of him the privilege of occupying the time
which was his by the rules of the body, and he
has couiteously responded to my request.
Sir, I have waited for this day, and I am glad
to see it. I have waited for it, 1 think, somewhat
after the fashion that the people of Judea waited
for the coming of Christ, and I am glad to see it.
It has been a good while coming; but it is here.
I have read histoiy rather carelessly, I think,
Mr. President; but I have been under the impres-
sion that as I could not have been boin,byany rea-
sonable degree of diligence on the part of my an-
cestors, during thatgreatera in which Christ was
recruiting for his divine commission by the bor-
ders of the sea of Galilee, 1 should next to that like
to have been born in that other era, a good deal
later than that, and a good deal nearer to the time
in which I actually was born—duiing that eia m
which our own forefathers recruited, under their
j commission, divine also, to wrest the right of self-
i government from the power of Great Britain. I
I should like to have been bom then, and I have
felt a little envious of the destiny that forbade it.
There have been some grand opportunities since
that,some grand achievements since that time. One
took place a very few years subsequently to ih'e
4th of July, 1776. It took place, if I remember
aright, on the 13th of July, 1787, when our fathers,
by an ordinance of theirs, by an act of their repre-
sentatives in Congress assembled, ordained that
over that great territory where nestle now the
magnificent States of Ohio, Michigan, Indiana,
Illinois, and Wisconsin, there should never be
any slavery, nor any involuntary servitude, ex-
cept as punishment for crime, forever. That was *
an achievcmentin which it would have been worth
the while of any of us to have taken apart. And
there has been one little performance here, since
I have had the honor of a seat in this body, which
attracted but little notice, but was of marked sig-
nificance; when the representatives of the people
of to-day, here in this Legislature, actually gave
freedom to no inconsiderable number of human
beings who had heretofore been slaves in this
very District of Columbia. That was something
of an achievement.
But the purpose of to-day differs from all these
greatly, and transcends them all; and to-day I am
content, abundantly contcnt, with the accidentof
my birth. To-day you propose to summon twenty-
six million people to do, what? Nottodo what
three million did less than a century ago, chal-
lenge their own freedom from a foreign Power.
You propose to summon them to-day to give free-
dom, to give freedom not to three but to four mil-
lion human beings, freedom not from such a bond-
age as your*fathers remonstrated and protested
against and resisted, but from a thrallaom infi-
nitely worse than they ever dreamed of, than they
ever conceived of, than they ever suffered. And
that is not all you propose to do. You do not
propose simply to invite this great people in this
terrible time to give freedom to these four mil-
lion individuals, but you propose to invite these
twenty-six millions to say that no part of their
number shall thenceforward forever be empow-
ered to make a slave of any man. You propose
to put up a barrier against the holding of slavea
anywhere within the jurisdiction of the Govern-
ment of the United States, anywhere where its
flag floats, anywhere where its Constitution is
obeyed. Sir, I am ambitious to put my name to
that invitation, for it is going to be responded to,
as I will tell you by and by.
I have had the honor now of a scat in thisbody
three years and a little more. My friends about
me will do me the justice to say that I have never
yet discussed the question of slavery here. It
has been before us repeatedly; allow me to say,
1 think a great many times too often, but I have
never yet felt called upon to discuss it. I have
thought there was more pressing business before
us than this question of slavery even. It is here
legitimately to-day. I, perhaps, might avoid now
the discussion of the merits of our American sys-
tem of slavery, for I am free to admit that I think
I should vote to submi' this proposition to amend
your Constitution to the people of the United
States even if I would vote against the amend-
ment myself as one of the people, for I think the
time has come when that question ought to be
submitted to the American conscience, and the
American conscience ought to be tried by it. 1
think you ought to take the sense of the Ameri-
can people upon the question whether they will
or will not have slavery any longer within the
limits of the Union; and whatever might be my
opinion upon its merits, I think I should vote to
submit the question to them. I think there waa
great justice, there was great force, in a criticism
upon that clause of the Constitution which pro-
vides for its amendment, by a late Senator from
the State of Oregon, (Mr. Baker,)—no longer here,
no longer enacting his gieat part in these great
scenes—when he said:
'-'It is not a provision that, whenever Congress shall
deem the amendments pioppr to be passed, they shall pro-
pose them; but they shall propose them whenever they
deem it necessary to propose them." * * * *
"The Constitution does but pay that, when Congress shall
deem it necessary to propose amendments, ihcy shall pro-
pose them, and not when they deem the amendments ne-
uessaiyj that they leave to the people."—Congressional
Globef Thirty-Sixth Congress, sccond session, page 1382.
U«pon that authority and upon that principle I
think Senators who doubt or Senators who deny,
