112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
Representatives who doubt or Representatives
who deny that this particular amendment to the
Constitution ought to be made, yet ought, in the
spirit of the language 1 have just read, to vote to
submit this proposition for amending the Consti-
tution to the people that the sense of the people
jnay be taken upon it. So that I might possi-
bly avoid a discussion of the merits of this sys-
tem of slavery now, but I do not wish to avoid it
any longer. For once in the course of three years,
perhaps, I can be indulged in telling what 1 think
about this thing of African or American slavery,
whichever you choose to call it. In my own
judgment it is both African and American slavery.
You cannot enslave fourmillion Africans without
making slaves of a good many Americans; and
you never have done it.
Mr. President, if you look at the effects of sla-
very as bearing upon its victims, and with refer-
ence to their interests here alone, how will you
characterize it? We of the North have very gen-
erally united to say that it was wrong. It is so
easy to say that a given thing is wrong, and so
easy to deny it and affirm that itis right, so easy
to dispute upon a question of abstractor practical
right and wrong, that I really feel some little diffi-
culty in undertaking to prove that this thing of
African shivery is wrong. If you allow me to
reason from analogy by comparing it with other
acts which by common consentof all civilized na-
tions have been deemed to be wrong, I think I
' can establish the fact that slavery is wrong in
reference to its victims.
Mr. President, if by my voluntary labor I have
accumulated enough to buy a sackxf flour or a
bag of com, or to put a five dollar bill in my purse,
and you deprive me of it by force and violence,
you commit an act which all civilized nations
denounce as robbery and punish infamously. 1
think they are right. Nevertheless, you take only
a small sum of my earnings, and you take it from
me after 1 have voluntarily earned it. But if, in-
stead of lying m wait until I have accumulated
the sack of Jlour or the bag of corn, you employ
that amount of force which makes me go to work,
not voluntarily, not according to my will but ac-
cording to i(ours, and accumulate the sack of ilour
or the bag of corn, is it any the less robbery for
you to take the product as soon as it is accumu-
lated? Is not that robbery al&u?
Mr. President, the crime of taking anything by
violence from the person of the producer, with
force or with violence, as I have said, is denounced
by all civilized nations and by all law as robbery.
The crime of depriving not an individual but a
community of all it possesses, reducing a com-
munity to destitution, is a higher style of robbery.
But slavery beats both these offenses. The sys-
tem of slavery enables a power, authorizes a
power to stand over a community, as it is exhib-
ited on our continent, a community numbciing
four million men and women, to work them from
the time they are able to work at all until they
are disabled from working at all, and to take
their daily earnings, to take whatever comes from
their daily sweat, and apply K to the use and the
enjoyment of the master or the power that makes
them work. That is what slavery does. *
In 1861 your census returned that you had in
round numbers about four million human be-
ings who were in this condition of slaveiy. It
is said that the value of those slaves at that time
was about $750 each; that they would command
on an average that price in the markets of the
United States. Now, when you say that a negro
is worth $750, what do you mean by it? When
a man in South Carolina buys a negro from a man
in Virginia or elsewhere, and pays $750 for him,
what dues he mean by it? lie means that the
negro can cam the interest of $750 more than the
cost of keeping him. That is what governs you
in buying a pair of oxen, buying a cow, or in
buyinga machine. You think you can earn with
that piece of property the interest of the money
you pay for it over and above the cost of keep-
ing the property. When you pay $1,000 for a
negro or $1,000 for a pair of horses, unless you
are a fancy dealer in the one or the other, you do
it because you can earn with them the interest of
$1,000. Four million slaves, at an average of
$750 each, would amount to about three thousand
million dollars. That was one fourth part of tin-*
assessed value of the United States in 1860. The
assessed value of the United States, its personal
and real property, including its slaves, was about
twelve thousand million dollars. Three thousand
millions were invested in this kind of property.
One fourth of the whole productive property of
the United States was in negroes, slaves, human
beings. One fourth part of the product of the
property and of the labor of the United States
went, where ?**■ Not in the pockets of the laborer,
not a dollar of it, but went into the pockets of
men who were permitted by law to own the la-
borer, taken by force, taken by violence. Pre-
ceding the factof robbing by a statute authorizing
it, does not takeaway from it its moral character.
It prevents you punishing it as robbery; but the
moral character of the act still remains. If I am
correct in this reasoning, the system of slavery as
existing on this continent allowed robbery to the
amount of one fourth, mind you, of the whole
product, the whole earnings of the United States
annually.
Mr. President, I think that is wrong. If I was
the victim myself, I should think it was wrong.
Standing aloof and looking at it, I am bound to
say that I think it is wrong.
1 have only spoken of the effects of this insti-
tution upon the economical interests of the vic-
tim. The victim has moral interests also, which,
it is said, the whole system utterly disregards and
violates. It is said that the slave is not educated,
that there is no attention paid to his mental or his
moral culture. I do not affirm the truth of this;
I have heard it asserted; 1 have heard it denied.
How the fact is I do not know. I hope it is true.
It is no mercy and no kindness to the slave to
educate him, to cultivate his mind. The theolo-
gians tell us that one of the chicfest and keenest
torments of the damned in another world will con-
sist in being able to behold the condition of the
blessed in that world. Whether it is sound the-
ology or not, I will not undertake to say; but it
is perfectly sound in philosophy. If you ever
undertake to make a slave of me, Mr. President,
and succeed in doing it; if you ever-doom me to
the hell of slavery, 1 ask you in kindness to me,
not to permit me any light in which I can behold
the heaven of freedom. Keep that from my sight,
and I may forget to damn you. Let me see that
and I will damn you beyond the reach of infinite
mcrcy. It is no kindness to the slave to educate
him; it is a wrong to the slave and it is a wrong
to the master.
Sir, I want to quote to you one principle of Jaw.
It is not from the Constitution of the United States.
1 never met with it in the constitutions of any of
the States. It is not from the higher law; if it
was I would not quote it. That has been quoted
here, and 1 think it has been repudiated. Itis
from the lower law. It is from the fundamental
law, I think. You will find it on the foundation-
stone upon which political society rests, if you
will ever take the trouble to look at that stone,
and it reads like this: that every State that edu-
cates its people and does not enfranchise them
shall be damned.
I think also (though upon this next point I
speak with great deference and diffidence) sla-
very is a terrible wrong upon the spiritual inter-
ests of the slave. As a layman, perhaps I ought
not to speak of those interests at all, and yet I
cannot help it, for I have been told and 1 believe
that less than nineteen hundred yeais ago One
was born in Nazareth and died near there, and
was buried and rose again, and in broad daylight
in the face of the world ascended into heaven, the
pioneer m a great resurrection that is to embrace
the world. And in reference to that resurrection
what does slavery say to its victims? For years
past, individuals of these four millions every year
have been sent from this world to the next, and
with what sort of passports do they go? You
send them off, you who owned them here and
worked them here; every year you shuffle off
a certain number of these victims, and send
them upward to Him who died that they might
rise. Send them upward with .this missive in
their hands,il Here come the souls of a few of our
slaves; we raised them, we worked them, we
gave them such training as our kitchens and our
stables would furnish; we nowsend them toyou
who died for them; stow them away in some of
the sheds of the heavenly mansion or some of its
attics; and as we are coming by and by, do not
let them be found in our way; we found means
for them to ride in some shape or other on our
railroads, set apart special cars for them: provide
special moms for them up above/' That may
be a good litter of introduction to send up. I do
notwant to sign any such, and lam glad that lam
not there to receive any such, and 1 was about to
say that I do not want to go there until such let-
ters stop coming.
Mr. President, in passing upon the merits of
•slavery, we ought not to overlook its effect upon
the master; and upon this question I beg leave to
speak by authority. I have been using my own
reasoning heretofore. Letmenowrefer to the testi-
mony of another upon this point. Every mem-
ber of the Senate is familiar with it. I find it in
Mr. Jefferson's Notes on Virginia:
"There must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
manners of our people produced by the existence of slavery
among us. The whole commerce between master and
slave is a perpetual exeicise of the most boisterous pas-
sions, the most unrem tumg despotism on the one part and
degiadiug submissions on the other. Our child) en see Mis
and iearn to imitate it, lor man is an imitative animal. Thin
quality is the germ of all education in him. Fiom his
ciadie to Ins giave he is learning to do what he sees oihera
do. It a parent could find no motive either in his philan-
thropy or Ins sell-love for restianting the intemperance of
passion toward las slave, it should always be a sufficient
one that Ins child is present. But gencially U is not suf-
ficient. The paiiMit storms, the child looks on, catches
the lineaments of wrath, puts on the same airs in the cncle
of smaller slaves, gives a loose rein to the worst ot pas-
sions, and thus nursed, educated, and daily exercised m
tyranny, cannot but be stamped by it with odious pecu-
liarities. The man must be a prodigy who can retain his
manners and morals undepraved by such circumstances.
And with what execration should the statesman be loaded
who, permitting one half of the citizens thus to trample on
the rights of the other, tiansforms those into despots and
these into enemies; destroys the morals of the one part and
the amor patrice of the other. For if a slave can have a
country in this world, it must be any other in pieferenco
to that in which he was born to live and labor for another;
in which ho must lock up the faculties of his nature, con-
tribute as far as depends on his individual endeavors to
the evamshmeut of the human race, or entail his own
miserable condition on the endless generations proceeding
fiom him. With the morals of the people, their industry
also is destroyed. For in a warm climate no man will
labor for himself who can make another labor for him.
This is so true that of the proprietor of slaves a veiy small
proportion indeed are ever seen to labor. And can the
hbeities of a nation be thought secuie when we have re-
moved their only fiim basis, a conviction in the minds of
the people that these hbeities are the gift of God? that
they are not to be violated but with His wrath ? Indeed,
I ticmble for my country when I reflect that God is just;
that Ihs justice cannot sleep forever; that considering
numbers, nature, and natural means only, a revolution of
the wheel of fouune, an exchange of situation, is among
possible events; that it may become probable by super-
natural interference. The Almighty has no attribute which
can take side with us in such a contest."
That was written by Mr. Jefferson many years
ago, and sincc that the tiuth of what he said has
been illustrated by the whole history of slavery,
and to-day we find that the influence of that in-
stitution upon the manners of the masters has
been no less than to transform almost the whole
of them into traitors against what we still say is
the best Government the world ever saw. In its
influence upon individuals, it has produced such
a man as James M. Mason, I think out of the
grandson of Geoige Mason, if I am not mistaken
in the relationship. It has produced such a man
as John A. Washington out of the nephew of
George Washington. In its influence upon com-
munities, it has turned Virginia, "the mother
of Presidents," into a community of traitors and
rebels.
In its effect upon the masterandupon the man,
I think it must be conceded, then, upon all au-
thority and upon all experience, the influence of
slavery is evil and evil only. In its influence
upon States I can only say this: it has placed
such a State as Virginia by the side of such a
State as Pennsylvania: slavery has done it. It
has placed such a State as Kentucky by the side
of such a State as Ohio: slavery has done it. It
has placed such a State as Missouri at the side of
such a State as Iowa. Missouri ought to be
greater and wealthier than the State of Iowa,
vastly; Kentucky ought to he greater and wealth-
ier than Ohio, vastly; Virginia ought to be greater
and wealthier than Pennsylvania, vastly; and but
for the influence of slavery all these States would
be wealthier than either of their rivals lying along
by the side of them.
