1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOB®.
April l&i
which have been subverted, this bill hasbeen de-
vised. Embodying in its provisions apt words
chosen from the organic law, or from comment-
aries of almost equal authority, it eschews a]{
theories concerning the status of the States whose
people are in rebellion, and accepts as an, admit-
tsd fact the overthrow of their State governments
cipdthe establishment in their stead of usurpa-
tions at war equally with the fundamental prin-
ciples of the Constitution and the republican
forms which we ara bound to secure.
- Planting itself upon the special ordinance that
** the United States shall guaranty-to every State
in this Union a republican-fbrm of government,"
it finds its justification within the strict limits not
onlyof constitutional'authority but constitutional
requirement. Recognizing in the origin and prog-
ress of the rebellion a power which by the ex-
press, volition or acquiescence of the citizens of
these States had abrogated their former govern-
ments, it proceeds upon the necessity of the re-
construction of their systems by the primary and
organic action of the people. Maintaining that
the legislative department is the only judge con-
cerning the form of government which itis bound
to guaranty, it denies that it is competent for the
Executive to prescribe, the conditions or to de-
clare the requisites necessary to make that guar-
antee effective, and that as the consequence of the
establishment of a State organization is the right
to representation upon this floor, it assumes that
no power, without the concurrence of this House,
can decide when such cdfklition adequately exists.
Such being in brief its fundamental principles,
its specific object is to substitute, as rapidly as
consistent with national safety, for the uncertain
and unrestiicted operation of military discretion
the fixed and definite rule of an established civil
magistracy, governing according to ascertained
powers, prescribed by the express will of the
peopje. Before proceeding to analyze the special
provisions of the bill, I ask attention to certain
axioms conferring power on the Government,
limited only by the nature of the duty required
to be performed. In doing this 1 shall not attempt
any crude theories or speculative disquisitions.
It is sufficient for mo to resort to powers specific-
ally conferred by the Constitution, and to argu-
ments drawn directly from the teachings of the
fathers. These postulates are thus clearly and
cogently defined by Alexander Hamilton, in No.
31 of i lie Federalist:
'• A Government ought to contain in itself nvery power
requisite to tin' iuli nci-omplishmont of the objects commit-
tal to it> (Mic and the complete execution of the tiusts for
which it i*< ic^on-ibFc ; ftee fiom every oihci control but
around to tho public good and to the venae of tho people.
••As the dune* of superintending the national defense
and of Mvui nig the public peace airainst foreign or domestic
Violence involve a piovinion tor euMuiIties and dmigeis,
to which no possible limit* can be assigned, the power of
making that provision ought to know no other bounds than
the exlirenciet oj tiie liauou and thercsouicea of the com-
munity."
Subjected by the Constitution to the necessity
of the guaranty of republican government to the
States, there must necessarily accrue to the Uni-
ted Stales the right not only to declare the exist-
ence of the contingency on which its action is in-
voked but to determine the choice of the means
necessary to render it effectual.
Being a political power it is necessarily exclu-
sive and not subject to the supervision of any
othei uibunal. As the exigencies requiring the
exercise of the power are undefinable, the author-
ity confcncd is equally incapable of limitation,
and rests in the sound discretion of Congress ap-
plying its own will and employing its own judg-
ment m the enforcement of its own guarantee.
1 he fiatners of the Constitution were too wise
to attempt to set bounds to that which in its very
essence is impossible of definition, and instead of
imposing any restraint they ordained the sweep-
ing clause empowering Congress to pass all laws
uecessaiy and pioper to carry into effect any
oowei* \ested in the Government.
Thi* express declaration was probably not ne-
cesstuy—the power would have resulted from the
imposition of the duty—but they were too cau-
tious and provident to leave to inference a grant
essential to. the preservation of the Union and the
execution of the high trust to maintain the su-
premacy of the United States. In relation to these
pxinciples Mr. Hamilton, in No. 34 of the Fed-
eralist, uses the following language:
"Constitutionsof civil government are not to be framed
upon a calculation of existing exigencies, but upon a com-
bination of these with the piobable exigencies or ages ac-
cording to the natural and tried course of human affair?.
Nothing, therefore, can be more, fallacious than to inter the
extent of any power proper to be lodged in the national
Government from an estimate of its immediate necc&bities.
There ought to be a capacity to provide for future contin-
gencies as they may happen, and as these are inimitable
in their nature so it is impossible safely to limit that ca-
pacity."
If such be the nature of discretionary power
lodged in a Government in its application to the
subjects of its ordinary exercise, how much more
does it require thatit should be unrestrained when
it is invoked for its preservation.
It is vain to attempt to control the discretion of
an individual who acts upon the impulse of self-
defense. It is worse than folly to ingraft upon
an instrument designed to perpetuate its own ex-
istence provisions denying a capacity equal to the
occasion. It is absurd to require that Congress
shall guaranty a republican government to States,
and deny the right of judgmentas to th<& exigency
or the means necessary to execute the trust. To
do this would be to require that the instrument
should invite to violations of its own provisions;
and as every breach of the fundamental law, no
matter upon what necessity, would but familiar-
ize the mind with infractions, it is but safe to infer
that the Constitution has invested us with power
commensurate with the duty to be performed.
1 am aware, Mr.Speaker, that these maxims
are or ought to be familiar; that they are axiom-
atic principles lying at the foundation of every
government and that they inhere in the United
States as fully as any other element of sover-
eignty. Because they are ancient and well estab-
lished 1 have chosen toproposcasthegroundwork
of this bill these fundamental truths, the teachings
of those greatmasters of political ethics who when
they had budded our national structure engraved
upon its poitals these postulates of power by
which to enable us to maintain it unimpaired,
even against the earthquakes of rebellion.
With this brief outline I pass to a considera-
tion of the principal features uf the proposed en-
actment.
It is the purpose of the committee, before put-
ting it upon its passage, to change theprovisions
authoiizing a State government to be reestab-
lished by one tenth and to require the assent of
a majority of those who may be emolled, and in
my remm ks I will treat the bill as thus modified.
Much of the bill is necessarily devoted to the
mere machinery by which itis to be operated.
Its leading features are few and simple.
The first idea presented is that no State can or
ought to bo recognized as capable of organization
until military resistance to tho United States shall
have been suppressed therein and the people shall
have demonstrated fidelity to the Constitution and
a return to obedience to the laws. Until that time
they are to be considered as under the tutelage of
the General Government. To this end it is pro-
vided in the first section that the President shall
appoint for each such State—in addition to the
ordinary officers—a governor ad interim, to be
charged with the civil administration.
Regarding the unhappy condition of those who
by the advance of our aims are brought within
our actual control, it is the design of the bill not
only to offer facilities for the establishment of a
permanent government, but, until that shall have
been accomplished, toaffoid the advantages of a
civil magistracy to citizens who, subject to its
jurisdiction, have not the ascertained will or the
numerical force to maintain a regular system.
Under the most favorable circumstances, time
must necessarily elapse before they can perfect
any organization. In the mean time the exigen-
cies of a community require the administration
of laws, the punishment of crimes, the enforce-
ment of contracts, and the adjudication of civil
rights.
The civil power of the provisional governor,
except so far as relates to the preparatory meas-
ures for organizing a convention, consists in
taking care that tho laws of the United States and
i of the State in force when the State government
1 was overthrown shall be administered. For the
temporary exigency the United States adopts the
code of the State for the government of the peo-
ple ad interim. This seems manifestly appropri-
ate. ^ It recognizes the urgency of the occasion,
and, instead of subjecting them to new and untried
enactments, confers upon them for their govern-
ance asystem with which they are already famil-
iar* To this general proposition are three excep-
tions: it is declared that no law whereby slavery
is recognized shall be enforced; thatlaws for the
trial and punishment of white persons shall ex-
tend to all persons; and that no person shall be
a juror who has held any office or voluntarily
borne arms under the rebel usurpation.
To these excepted cases it is difficult to ima-
gine any well-grounded objection. There can be
none as to the question of power. The officers
charged with the execution of the laws are the
agents of the national Government; and the code
adopted for the regulation of the civil polity of
the community, though priorily existing, is pro
hoc vice the enactment of Congress. Adopting
these laws because of their supposed adaptation
to the requirements of the people in the several
localities wherein they have obtained, they are
nevertheless as fully the ordinances of this Gov-
ernment as though they had been enacted in ex-
press terms. Emanating from this Legislature
as original propositions, it is for us to determine
how much of such former laws are adapted to
the exigency. By this clause no change is
wroughtin the permanent body of legislation. It
is merely the temporary expedient devised for
the immediate ne*?essit^ of Government, and en-
during only so long as the society which it reg-
ulates remains in an unorganized condition.
These propositions are equally defensible in prin-
ciple and policy. That the Government in any
order to its own officers should issue instructions
for an original recognition of slavery is absurd.
Whatever may be the sentiment as to the right.,
of the States to control their domestic institutions,
I suppose that it will not be pretended that offi-
ce) s and agents of the United States should be
appointed to administer the slave code of any
State under the immediate direction and sanction
of the national Government. It would be the
simple proposition not to protect the institutions
of a State, but to oi iginate and administer its ob-
noxious enactments as tho express will of the
repiesentatives of the nation. So with the pro-
vision regulating the tiial of criminals. In pro-
viding that the laws shall apply alike to the pun-
ishment of all persons, it announces a principle
of equal and universal justice; and without the
provision regulating the qualification of jurors
there would be no guavantee that the rights of the
Government would be respected or justice to
loyal men secured.
Having thus provided for securing civil gov-
ernment to citizens during the period of their po-
litical disorganization, the bill proceeds to define
the mode by which a convention shall be called
to declare the will of the people relative to the re-
establishment of a State government. It enacts
that an enrollment shall be made of all white male
citizens of the United States resident in the State,
prescribes the condition of loyalty as requisite to
the right of suffrage, defines the number and qual-
ification of the delegates, provides for the ratifica-
tion by the people of the constitution oi dained by
the convention, directs the letum theieof when
ratified to the provisional governor,and requires
that it be certified by him to the President of the
United States, who, after Congress shall have as-
sented, is directed by proclamation to recognize
the government so established as the constitu-
tional government of the State.
In all this proceeding the l ight of the people to
establish their organic law is recognized and main-
tained. Three conditions are prescribed as essen-
tial to the enforcement of the guarantee, and as
necessary to the safety of the Republic:.
First, that no person who has held any office
under the usurping power shall vote for or be a
member of the Legislature, or Governor. It will
be perceived that the exclusion is limited to those
who have held official positions. To accept and
administer an office is ptvma facie evidence of two
facts—voluntary adhesion to the rebellion, and
presumptive capacity for the administration of
public affairs.
Apart from the apparentpropriety growing out
of these considerations, the exclusion is rendered
necessary by the provisions of the Constirution
of the United States. By section two of article
one it is provided that electors of Representatives
in Congress shall have the qualifications lequisite
for electors of the most numinous Uicinch of the
State Legislntuie,and there is no other qualifier
