1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE (JOiNIGi^SWION AL ,(xLOBE.
1I B
38th Cojjg. ... 1st Sess.
^fcendvimt of Uoiue.
:§Eium
• Mr. DAVIS. Ohio bos more than three times
as much fertile land as J£entucky.
Mr. HOWE. As I am reminded by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, Ohio has more productive
land than the State of Kentucky has; out Ohio is
young compared with the State of Kentucky,
young in years; and if freedom had existed on
the other side of the Ohio river the State of Ken-
tucky would have been a very different State
from what it is to-day, in my judgment. To illus-
trate the effect of slavery upon the nation I had
prepared some tables showing the aggregateareas
of the free and the slave States; the several dates
of their admission into the Union, and the aggre-
gate of their populations in 18fi(). Those tables
I have mislaid. I can only say briefly that these
figures show that the slave States include just
about the same area as the free States; they have
been settled on an average about one third longer
than the free States, and they contain a white
population about one third as great as that of the
free States. That is the result of slavery upon
the nation. It is an incalculable wrong in a na-
tional and political point of view.
And now, Mr. President, what are the apolo-
gies for this institution ? 1 have heard them. We
hear them daily. That winch we hear theoftenest,
that which is insisted upon the loudest, is that
slaves are only made of negroes or of the de-
scendants of negroes, and that they as a race are
inferior to the whites. Whether the fact is so
or not, I shall not spend a moment in aiguing;
but I affirm this, that if in the whole catalogue of
excuses that are offered for crimes and offenses,
one single excuse could be found more odious
than the crime itself, it is this one excuse for sla-
very. Admit that as a race they are infeiior to
the race of whites; I ask Senators, 1 ask men if
that is a fact which authorizes you or me to en-
slave them? Sir, the excuse not only shames
what sense of manhood there is in us who are
grown up, but it shames all the manliness of the
boys of the country. You never hear in a com-
munity of boys any purpose of inflicting violence
by a strong one upon a weak one but that the
whole community cry out to him, '* Take one of
your size;" and I say to slaveholding communi-
ties, if you will make slaves, make them of your
equals, take men of your size. Because they arc
weak, therefore enslave them ! Because they are
weak, I tell you therefore make them strong. That
is the commission you have; that is the duty that
is charged u,pon you. Weak ! Just behind me
I see another race that is said to be somcwhatin-
ferior to the lords of creation. Now, I do notaf-
firm the truth of it; itis said so; and is that made
a pretext by any one of you for oppressing them,
or forpettingthem? Which? Inferior, Mr. Pres-
ident! Is it necessary forme to tell the Ameiican
Senate that the whitest of men are made still a
little lower than the angels? And do you think the
angels regard that as a reason for binding fetters
upon them, for deserting them? Or, on the con-
trary, is it the reason why they arc busy in our
behalf to build us up as fast as they can (and God
knows how slow they get along with the work)
into the likeness of angels ourselves? Inferior!
Inferior! Need I tell the American Senate that
when our race was dead in trespasses and sin
God sent His Son here? And for what? To bury
man, to work him, to sell him, to buy him, to
make money out of him? No. He sent Him here
to stretch Himself upon the cross and to die for
us; die that we might be saved, die that we might
behold in His example and catch from that ex-
ample some lesson of that magnanimity which
the great and strong are bound to show to the
weak, which the superior is bound to show to
the inferior. If, therefore, you will find a war-
rant for slaveholding, you must find it elsewhere
than in the fact of their inferiority if you estab-
lish that fact ever so conclusively.
The Senator from Delaware told us the other
day how universal had been the system of sla-
very. Is there any other rascality that has not
been pretty universal? And is the universality
of o wrong a reason for continuing it, for per-
sisting in "it when you see how wrong it is? If
you want to go to heaven you had better get out
of the broad road in which everybody travels, get
into the strait and narrow way which is not
crowded because there are so few going in it. If
New Series—No, 8.
you want to indulge in practices which will'take
you through safely, take those which are not uni-
versal, take those which have been observed by
the few, and the good, and the right.
Mr. SAULS8URY. The Senator is giving
advice about forsaking the broad way and taking
the narrow path. I wish to know if he desires
to follow him that walks therein.
Mr. HOWE. I think that was a good thing,
but I did not hear it. [Laughter.] I will give
him credit, however, on trust. I have heaid it
urged by the defenders of slavery a great many
times that it was nccessaiy to the cultivation of
certain crops, and there was a time when I my-
self lather thought that there were very import-
ant crops in this country which could not be cul-
tivated without black labor; but I never believed
there was any crop God ever allowed to be culti-
vated that was necessary to be cultivated with
slave labor. I have thought, however, that there
were certain latitudes within this empire of ouis
that must be cultivated by black labor. I have
got overthat. I deny all that gospel. Sir, I went
to Vicksburg last August, after Yicksburg wasin
our possession; I went into the trenches there
which our men had dug and which they occupied;
I saw and stood in the trenches on the sunny side
of those hills into which not our northern field
laborers alone, but our northern lawyers,clerks,
students, all classes who went out there, went
into in the morning and came out of the next
morning, staying there the twenty-four hours
round, doing their work there. I saw men who
went into the Army and went down there students
pule from study; I found them there bionzedand
hardy and rugged working men. I have gotover
the notion that there is any latitude under the
Constitution of the United States that cannot be
cultivated by the people of the United States,
black or white, white or black.
But if 1 am mistaken on this point, I never be-
lieved that it wasnecessaiy to own black men in
ordei to have the woik of black men. Do you
say that if you release the authority of the mas-
ter the slave will cease to work? What makes
him woik while you own him? Is it your au-
thority? Does he work ftom a sense ot duty to
you because you have bought him and paid some-
body else for him ? Not a bit of it. Efb works
because the State commands him to work. The
State commands him to work for this man, and
in obedience to the State he woiks for him. He
woiks for him knowing that he can get but his
daily bread from the produce of his labor. Do
you think that when the State withdraws that
command, and instead of telling him to work for
you, tells him to woik for himself and have the
benefit of all he earns, he will cease to work ? Not
a bit of it. There is no philosophy in that; theic
is no truth in it. It has been tried, and it has
been found to be false.
But it is sa<d that the emancipation of these
slaves would be fatal to the lelation existing be-
tween the two races in the States where the tsvo
races are. I think I have heard my very dis-
tinguished friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
say over and over again that it would lead to a
war of examination; that one lace 01* the other
must be exterminated. I ask, why? I demand
to know why. If freedom be given to the black
men of Kentucky or of South Carolina, may not
their labor still be necessary for the State of Ken-
tucky or of South Carolina ? Do you say they are
going to commence the work of massacre and
slaughter the moment you give liberty to them5
Do you say that while you bind them to the ne-
cessity of laboring for you for your benefit, they
submit to that law in peace and in quiet, but the
moment you emancipate them and give them the
privilege of working for themselves and enjoying
thefiuits of their own toil, then they are going to
turn marauders and murderers? That is not to
be insisted upon; itis not to be believed; it is a
libel upon humanity, black or white.
But, sir, they tell us the slave is happy; that he
is kindly treated. 1 heard my friend from Ken-
tucky not long sinee tell how kindly he treated
his own slaves. Do you think I doubt that? Do
you think I distrust that? Every kind man, (if
course, will treat las slaves kindly. Eveiy wise
man, whether he be kind or not, will treat his
slaves kindly. Do you not think i treat my horses
kindly? Do you hot think I liHe them? WRy,
sir, I have imperiled my domestic hapfMfress
sometimes by calling them " darlings'- when my
wife thought I ought to address such language
only to her. [Laughter.] Is that .a reason fo'r
making slaves of men because yoa do not abuse
them? That is not an excuse; that is not a jus-
tification.
Mr. President, in whatever aspect I look at sla-
very, my verdictU that it is unutterably wrong,
an evil and an evil only; and in whatever aspect
I look at it I must say it is without any possible
justification or excuse. I cannot say, as 1 have
often heard it said, that it is the sum of all villainies.
Bad as I have found it to be, bad as I believe it
to be, I think I know of a villainy that transcends
it, infinitely almost; that transcends the guiU of
slavery as much as slavery transcends .the guilt
of freedom; and that is, this rebellion, on which I
wish to say a few words.
Mr. President, we have been struggling with
this rebellion for three years; and it is one of the
saddest facts I know of in history, that, although
we have pretty generally come to concede that in
law these rebels are guil ty of treason, yet there is
to-day a large body of the people, standmg^almost
in the very blood the lebellion has shed,.who affect
to believe that, after all, this rebellion is one of
the respectable kind of rebellions, a pretty decent
thing; that if it cannot be justified there is agreat
deal of excuse for it. I tell you that sentiment
is very prevalent throughout these loyal commu-
nities and these loyal States to-day.
I hold that no such guilt as is personified in this
rebellion has been allowed to stalk abroad on the
face of God's earth since He allowed the earth to
stand, as this same rebellion is.. Either you who
palliate it are right or I am; and if there be no
sort of palliation or excuse for that which you are
constantly attempting to palliate or excuse, you
have a heavy responsibility to settle for your e£
forts in that direction.
After struggling with it for three years, after
expending our thousands of millions of money
and our thousands upon thousands of lives and
our rivers of blood in the effort to crush this re-
bellion, I was shocked, unutterably shocked to
hear the other day a Senator, in the employ of
this Government of ours and paidoutofitsTreas-
ury, straining himself to complain of it the other
day, out of a decent regard to loyalty and finding
no word in the English language that he dared to
use in denunciation of it stronger than to say it
was not " wise."
Sir, a Representative from one of the loyal States
of the Union, paid by your money, a couple of
years since, standing in the House of Represent-
atives, repiesentinga district of that State which
is represented here by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] discussing the merits of this
rebellion, said:
" You have mteily. signally, disastrously--1 will not say
ignominiously—-failed to subdue t°n million 1 rebels' whom
you had taught the people o( the North and West not only
to hate but to dc«pi e. Rebels, did I t-ay? Yes, your la-
thees woie icbels, or yo'ir gmudfathers. He who now
belbre nie on canvas looks down so sadly upon us, the
false, degeneiate, and imbecile guardians of the great Re-
public which he founded, was a rebel. And yet we, cia-
dlcd our>dve<s in rebellion, and who hove loured and fra-
ternized with everj indirection in the nineteenth century
everywhere throughout the globe, would now, fors-ooth,
make the vvoid ' rt bcl' a reproach."—JSppcwIix to Con
gresiional Globe, Thirty-Seventh Congress, third session,
page 55.
An American Representative in one of the Halls
of your own Legislature used this language m
reference to this very rebellion of which 1 am
speaking.
I beg leave to read to the Senate an extract from
a speech made by Earl Russell at Blair Gowrie
on the 26th of September last. Speaking of the
relations of the Crown to the confederate States,
he uses this remarkable language:
'k Well, then, it was *aid that these confederate States
were lebeis, rebels against the Union. Perhaps, gentle-
men, i am not so nice as I ought to be on the subject. Uut
I recollect that we rebelled against Charles I,[alaugh,] we
rebelled agamr-t James If,and the peopleot New England,
not content with these two rebellions., rebelled against
Qcoik<? hi. f<- Hear!" and laughter j t am not saying
now wheiiier.ill icbdlions weieju-*tifiablour whether
they were \\ long—1 run not .-aying whethei the present re-
bellion in the southern fc>iate* l* a ju-.tifinM > hii-uireotjou
or is a gteat lault or is  a great eiiuie, but I say that the
mere fact of rebellion is not in my eyes a crime of so deep
a dye that we must lenounee all fellowship and eoimxiu-
