1864.
THE €OJSTGKESSI0HAL GLOBE:
271?
Mr. UPSON. The bill has been changed in
that respect, and I now call for the pievious ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The hitter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP CCRRUKCY BILL.'
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was rc-
feiivd to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved < That five thousand copies of the act to pi ovule
n national cum-ncy, &c., he printed in pamphlet foun for
die use* oi tin; Hou:-e,unil two thousand copies for the u&e
ot the Treasury Department.
ADJOURNMENT ITOR TEN DAYS.
Mr. SMITH asked the consent of the House
to mtioduee thu following concutrent resolution:
With a view to afford time to the. Dootkeeper to have
the ventilator of the Hall cleaned and piepaied for warm
weather, *
Ordered, (the Senate coneumng,) That when the House
at'v>urns> tu-day, it adjourn to meet ou Monday, the I3ih
instant.
Several Members objected.
31ACIIKL MILLS.
Mr. HOTCIIKISS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting1 a pension to Rachel Mills,
widow of IVtcr Mills, deceased, late a major in
the United Slates Army; which was read a first
and second lime, and ieferred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I now propose to move to
go into committee, but before doing so wiii move
that all general debate upon the tariff bill be closed
in one minute after its consideration is resumed
in committee.
The motion was agiecd to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve ilseif
into the Committee of the Whole ou the stale of
the Union.
The motion war n^reed to.
So the rules were.suspended; and the House
U'solvtd itself into the Committer of the "Whole
on the state of the FT,mom, (Mr. Scui:nck in the
chair,) and le^umod th" consideration of the bill
of the House (No. -i0±) to ineiease the duties on
imports, nud for other purposes.
The CilAlRAlAN stated that general debate
having' been closed, the bill would be read by sec-
tions for Mmendment.
Mi. MORRILL moved in line thnty-six of
pa^e 2 to strike out "twelve" and inseit in lieu
thei euf " eii;h tso as to make it read:
On iiom sugai-c.me eight ccnts pei gallon.
The amendmen l v/ao a^ieed to.
Mr. IMORR'LL. I move ni litie one, }M£e 3,
after the word " that" to amend by striking- out
the word il from " and inserting1 in its place the
word "on;" so Unit it will read "that on and
after the clay,"& e. I shall make the same amend-
nirnt wherever the word occurs under like cir-
cumstances in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to amend in
line seventeen by increasing the tax on wines
v^ued at not over fifty cents per gallon from twenty
to lorty cents per gallon. 1 fthe amendment shall
be adopted I will follow it up by moving to in-
crease the duty on wines valued at mote than fifty
cents and not more !li«n$l a gallon, ft otu fifty to
eighty cents per gallon; cuid on v/nifh \a!ucd at
ovei a gallon, horn $1 to $1 50 pei gallon.
Mr. Chairman, 1 think this article will veij*
w<_li bear this tax as well as it will the thX m the
bill. It js well understood that most oi the wines
impound evade their proper duty by bring valued
at much l^ss than te.uir real value. To impose
the additional duty I have ptoposed will a fib id,
perhaps, some little protection to the pio(iueu*s of
domestic wines in some portions of the comitr)—
as a gentleman suggests,pai liculaily in California,
and especially in my district. [Laughter.] I
therefore propose this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted, if it should be weshouLd present
the anomaly of taxing these low-priced medicinal
wines ,at higher rates than are imposed dn those
of the most costly and luxurious character. These
low-priced wines are now taxed in the bill not less
than 65 per cent, ad valorem, and I do not think
we can properly raise the pricc higher. Twenty
cents per gallon and theiri 25 per cent, in addition
on these lower-priced wines, costing less than fifty
cents per gallon, is more than double tfoe rate they
have been heretofore taxed.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. This amendment-
having been rejected I will not propose the others
indicated by me.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the follow-
ing proviso:
Prori(/cJ/w?M<r, That all imitation* of htandy,or spirits,
or of wine.-, and all winca imported by any nanae^ what-
ever, .shall be subject to the dutj provided lor the genu-
ine aitiele which it is intended to lepiutont.
So as to make it read as follows:
Provided further, That all nnitationsofhiandy,nr spirits,
or of wines unpolled by any names whatever, shall be sub-'
jeet to the highest mte of dutv piovidcd for the genuine
.utieli: ic?pi u-uvtly intended to be lcprc&ented, and in no
ease less, than $1 per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. MORIULL. I move on page 5, section
three, line one, to strike out the word "from"
and in hen thereof to insert the word "on;" so
that it will read:
Skc. 3, i/lnd be it fiaikcr enacted, That on and after the
day and year afoiesani, in lieu o! the duties heretofoie im-
posed by law on the aitiele- heiemaftei mentioned, theie
shall be levied, collected, and paid on the goods, ware*,
and nuTChaiulthe heieiu enutneiatcd and provided tbi, mi-
porie.d trotn itneijni countu^-i, tho luiiowtng dutiei> and
lates ot duty, that is to &uy, £cc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORiULL. I move in section three, page
G, line thiileen, to strike out the word "foui"
and in lieu thereof to insert "two;" bo that it
will read:
On bar Iron, rolled or hammcied, comprising flats not
less than one inch oi moie than six inches wide, noi less
than ihiee eighths ot an inch or moie than two inches
Unek; /ouud- not le-,.-. than thiee iouith* of an inch nor
moir} than two ineh'-s ni ihann'tei ; and squares not U *s
than tlnee toarths ot an niHi noi rnoie than two inches
square, one cent pei pound. Un b.ir mm, rolled or hani-
uicifcd, computing Hat, than thiee eighths; of an inch
tlnek oi taoie tlum inches wid'1, lomuUhss than tlurc
fourths ol an inch or more than two inches m diameter;
and square* than iIium* foui;h> ui an inch oi more than
two in<"he-: M]uaie, (me cent and one fou.th pel pound:
Piondtd, 'Pii.it all ini'i in Mab-, bloom-, loops'" other
form-*, lesM Inn-lied than iron in bar.-, and more advanced
til.in piff iioiij ex--' ptea- Uni;-', thall be iatwl a* iron in b.ir*,
and pay a duty aeeot dnu;i> :  dnd provided f mi her, 'That
none ot the above iron s-hall pay a lers> late ot duty than
J."> ]>e- cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was ngteed to.
Mr. GUIS WOLD. 1 move to add the follow-
ing:
Flat,- ih.iri o:io fointh of :ui incli in Uuckn'^^, ;tnJ
rouiiiN ~qu;iltw lr-. th.ui ^t'M.1! MUiMMitlK  >f :in mcil
lliicK, tilt !fi:., mid till otlii'1' (U* efiiitiOns oi iijikd or
iiannneit^l aon not </t)i'nvibt; [jiovtilcd l'or, oir1 t'utit and
one lifill per pound.
Mr. Chiurniun, 1 will say to the Committee of
W ays and Means tliat by adoptiong this amend-
ment a subsequent porlion of the bill may be
stricken out. If the amendment be adopted 1 will
at the proper time move to .strike out, on page 8,
lines fi''ty-three to fi<'ty-six, inclusive; also, lines
sixty to sixty-two, inclusive, on same page. My
object is to increase the duty on small iron, less
than seven sixteenths, usi d by wire-drawer's and
v/ood-serew manufacttueis, the rate of which as
proposed, in myjud^ment, is not in pi oportion to
rates on larger-sized iron, indeed,the protection
on this small iron will be !e;n, conindriin;; the in-
terna! icvenue tax end mcreeied t.uilloo tin-raw
mateiial, than it is under the pi ebont tanff. 1 can-
not suppose tiie committee intended thia, ami
ti list tliey will eorirrt what is oljviously an in-
justice to the nuikeis of 11;class of iron and a
discrimination against tlum.
Mr. MORRILL. On tin.! descnption of iron
the tariff was ongmally f/i ih. ion of 2,240 pound,!,
and on larger desenntions ot iron ^15 a ton. As
the bilhs repot ted iti.^ si «5pei hundred pounds,
inakuii; nearly ^3 a ton mote tiiun under the Unit
of lb'83, and if Is taxed in the internal levenue
bill, 1 think, only j G per ton.
Mr Of!l.';WOr,tl. Do I nndeistand that the
present duty oh that description of iron is only
$20 per ton? : ,1
Mr. MORRILL. That is onee'eniandaquar-
ter per pound.
■Mr. GRISWOliD. What does the present
tm'irt' make it?
Mr. MORRILL. Under the former internal
revenue bill the manufacturers of this description
of iron were .paying five per .cent., a very moch
larger duty than they pay under a specific duty
of $6 a ton. There was a mistake which ought
to have been remedied,and it may have been by the
Senate. The increase of duty provided by this
bill is from $20 on the gross ton to $25 on the net
ton on small iron, and from $15 on the gross ton
to $20 on the net ton on large iron.
The amendment wos rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On Flit rods and nil other descriptions of roiled or ham-
mered iron not otherwise provided for, one cent and one
fourth per pound.
Mr. HALE. I move to increase the duty from
one cent and one fourth per pound to one cent
and a half.
Mr. Chairman, the bill does hot increase the
duty as much as the internal tax is increased in
this description of iron, and for thatptfrpose it is
necessary to adopt my amendment. If the duty
be increased from one and one fourth to one ana
one half it will make this bill in this particular har-
monize with the internal revenue bill; and I hope
that my amendment will be accepted by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MOORHEAD, I hope that the amend-
ment of my colleague will be adopted, f know
that in practice iron merchants go to Pittsburg to
buy common iron, as it is called, and to New
York for fine iron. We can make fine iron here,
but to do so this dutymustbe madeone centand
one fourth.
Mr. MORRILL. This section includes "iron
of all other descriptions." I suppose it would be
indispensable for my friend from Pennsylvania
to show that he Was on the alert'when this sec-
tion on iron came up; or bis constituents would
find fault with him. 1 do not find any fault with
him for that; but now the speech has been made,
I hope that the House will let the bill stand as
it is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. OR1SWOLD. I move, in the same par-
agraph, after the word " rod," to insert the words
"all iron, round or square, smaller than seven
sixteenths."
Mr. MORRILL. If that be inserted there will
be two places where the same description of iron
will be provided for, and at different rates, of
duty.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read the following:
On scicw^, commonly ealted wood screws, two inches
or over in length, >-ix und one half cents per pound; lo«
tlmi tno inches in length, mne and one halt cetils per
pound.
Mi. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend by
striking out "six and one half" and inserting
"one and one half." It is known that under the
piesent tariff of 18Gd there have been no wood
fciews brought into this country. It is known
further that a single company has a monopoly
of the manufacture of these screws in this coun-
try. It is further demonstrable that one year
ag'o the cost of manufacturing these screws, two
inches and over in length, did not exceed forty
cents per gross,and that while the manufactureis
were manufacturing them at forty cents per gross,
they were selling them at §1 GO per gross, realiz-
ing a piofit upon each gross of §1 i!0.
Tn"ow, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
propose to increase the tariff upon this article from
one and a half cent per pound to six and a half
cents. What is the purpose of this: Certainly
not to get revenue, for at a duty of one and a half
cent wr denvcd no revenue lrnni it. What, again
jj.I ask, is the puipose of this increased duty? It
] is tlmt the gentlemen engaged in this manufacture
may inciease their profits upon their sales. A tax
l| is proposed of six and a halt cents per pound,
I which, on screws of two mchesand over inlength,
p will be equal to a duty of thirty-nine cents per
/ gtos j. Tiie purpose is to enabie this company w ho
have the monopoly of this manufacture to add to
i (heir piofit;; of one dollar and twenty cents per
