1864.
THE COFGEISSIOML GLOB!.
tion for a Representative than that he shall have
attained the age of twenty-five years, have been
seven years a citizen of the United States, and
when elected be an inhabitant of the State. .By
section three it is ordained that Senators in the
Senate of tire United States shall be chosen by
the Legislature, and in case of vacancy by the
executive of the State.
Thus intimately connectedis the State adminis-
tration with the Government of the United States;
•and it is to prevent the possibility of placing the
national resources under the control and the na-
tional life at the mercy of those who have so
•lately demonstrated their hostility to republican
institutions, that this clause of exclusion has been
prescribed, it is designed as a caveat against the
recurrence to power of those base men who, with
oaths of fidelity to the Constitution upon their
lips but with treason rankling in their hearts, sat
in these Halls as the legal guardians of the Gov-
ernment, while in secret they conspired the over-
throw of the Republic and stimulated their fol-
lowers to rebellion against its authority.
The second condition is that involuntary ser-
vitude is to be prohibited, and the freedom of all
persons guarantied in such State.
As the few remarks which I would otherwise
make in relation to this clause will he equally ap-
propriate to the section which specially declares
emancipation, T will postpone comment until it
shall come under consideration.
Thethird proviso is that no debt created under
the sanction of the usurping power shall be rec-
ognized or paid.
It will be observed that this clause has relation
to obligations created by State or confederate au-
thority. It has no leference to private engage-
ments. This Government, Mr. Speaker, is bur-
dened with an immense debt, imposed by the
necessity of the suppression of the lebelhon. The
pledge for its payment is the capacity of the na-
own aggrandizement the functions of office. Still
the State remains. It resides -in those in -whom
is vested the ultimate right of sovereignty.
" I am the State," was the arbitrary declara-
tion of the despotic Louis. The people are the
State, is the maxim of republican America. This
principle is nowhere more tersely or cogently
announced than in our own -Declaration of Inde-
pendence, in which, after charging the Iciag with
dissolving representative houses and refusing to
cause others to be elected, it declares as the con-
sequence, that ilthe legislative powers^ incapable
of annihilation, returned to the people at large for
their exercise, the State remaining in the mean time
exposed to all ike dangers of invasion from without
and convulsions within,*" The same idea is pre-
sented, perhaps more clearly, certainly more
fully, by Mr. Madison, in No. 3 of the tetters of
Helvidius. Treating of the rights of States, in
relation to a kindred subject, he uses this language:
" Public rights are of two sorts: those which require the
agency of Government; those which may be carried into
effect without that agency.
As public lights are the rights of the nation, not of the
Government, it is clear that wherever they can be^made
good to the nation without the ofhee of Government, they
are not suspended by the want of an acknowledged Govern-
ment or even by the want of an existing Government."
Here the distinction is clearly marked between
the Government and the nation, the agent and
the principal, the office and the State. Having
thus defined the position, he maintains it by an
example so pertinent that I quote it in illustra-
tion of the principle for which I contend:
" Suppose that after tbf conclusion of the treaty of alli-
ance between the United States and Franco a party of the
enemy had surpiised and put to death every member of
Congress; that the occasion had been used by the people
of America lur changing the old Confederacy into bueh a
Governmental now exisi?, and that in the progress of this
revolution an interregnum had happened: suppose,fur-
ther, that dunng this mteival the States of South Carolina
and Gooigm, or any other parts of the United States, had
been attached and been put into evident and imminent
tmnal resources. The Slates to be organized un-ilMA"8er ot being irrecoveiablylostwithout the interposition
 u;« k:ji „..k:. JP the trench anus, is it not manifest that as the ueaty ia
del the pto visions* of this bill me, of light, subject tjlc t,e<lty nf t|1(i United States, not of their Government,
to contribute a proportionate share. And it is the
tiuty of the Government to insist that they shall
not be rendeied unable to meet their liabilities by
the assumption of indebtedness contracted or im-
posed in contriving its destruction. The agree-
ments and statutes by which these pretended ob-
hgations have been created are utterly void. The
offspring of usurpation, their payment would be
a bribe to future rebellion and their assumption
a defiance to the authority of the United States.
But, Mr. Speaker, it has been charged that this
bill, in providing for reorganization, abandons
the fundamental, principle of this Republic, that
.all just powers of governmental derived from the
consent of the governed.
This allegation is worthy to be considered, and,
if the criticism be just, will constitute a reason-
able objection. i presume that it is not denied
that it is desirable to furnish civil government to
the loyal people of these States at a period as
early us practicable. It is also conceded that this
government should be based upon the will of the
people, legitimately expressed. Theguaiantee
of the Constitution requiring a republican form,
it is essential that it should recognize popular
sovereignty as an indispensable element in the
political structure. Before proceeding to reply
specifically to the objection, it is proper to refer
to the condition of the States whose governments
are to be organized.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that the bill proposes
no special theory as to their status. While this
■is true, except only so far as it is to be inferred
from the employmentof constitutional terms and
phraseology drawn from authoritative comment-
aries, and while it is, therefore, true that the
advocates of any of the several theories can con-
sistently suppoi t it, nevertheless the argument re-
quites that I oiler what I believe the true position
iti which they are placed by the rebellion and the
consequent relation they sustain to the United
States, as wholly justifying theprovision in ques-
tion.
I do not agree, Mr. Speaker, with those who
hold that the suspension or subversion of an ex-
isting government necessarily destroys the State.
A nation can exist withoutau Administration. It
may suffer an interregnum; its lawful ruleis may
be ovei borne; a usurper may seize the instruments
of authority; the faithless repositories of its
power may abuse their trust and wrest to their
the people of the United States could notforfeit theirnght
to the guaranty of their territory by the accidental sus-
pension of their Government, and that any attempt on the
part of France to evade the obligations of the treaty, by
pleading the suspension of Government, or by refusing to
acknowledge it, would justly have been received with
universal indignation as an ignominious perfidy
The Constitution of the United States, Mr.
Speaker, is a compact between all the people of
the several States in this Union. By its express
terms the United States is bound to guaranty to
each State a republican form of government. The
people of New York, equally with those of Ten-
nessee, have the right to demand that this guar-
antee shall be fully and faithfully executed. It is
a public right, and the obligation to its perform-
ance does not depend on the presence of a gov-
ernment in the State. It would have been inef-
fectual had it supposed its absolute continuance.
Were the people ablo to make head against the
usurpations of power or the violence of domestic
factions, and to maintain the integrity of theirgov-
ernment, the interference of the United States
would, ordinarily, have been unnecessary. The
duty of guaranty is not essentially dependent
upon the cooperation of the State authority. The
people, not the States, are the parties to the com-
pact. The maintenance of the right is of exclu-
sive and universal obligation. It extends to every
State in the Union, and wherever there is a people
there is both territorial and political existence, the
latter being composed of the elements of sover-
eignty, and, in the absence of organized govern-
ment, dwelling in the loyal inhabitants of the
State.
This general guarantee, Mr. Speaker, would
have existed in the absence of the special clause
declaring its obligation. The nature of the Con-
stitution, the necessity of Union, the requirements
of public law would have demanded its exorcise.
It would have resulted from the compact of the
people and the objects of the Government. The
rule is thus laid down by Vattel:
" If a nation is obliged to preserve itself, it is not less
obliged to preserve all its menibeis. Tne nation owes this
to itself, since tne loss of one of its members weakens it
and is injurious to it*-o\vn preservation. It owes this also
to the members in pmticuiar m consequence of the ver^
aetof association; for tho-e who compose a nation are
united for then detense and common Advantage, and none
can justly be deprived ot this union and of the advantages
which flow horn it while he on lus side fullills the condi-
tion?. The body of a nation cannot therefore abandon a
jwovineooi town or even a particular person who has done
his >part, unless.ebggfti'toi it tiimftif&teJtCybr'&t&M&U is
made necessary *by lbs strongest reasons found ed oaitRe
public safety^" - . t . , . .
But, Mr. Speaker, asa nation may beobliged
from overruling necessity to abandon iGs citizens,
bo the individual may be forced,'by the exigency
of circumstances, to yield to the power of the
usurper. No-matter 'how.loyal he may be m sen-
timent, ^rigranie hello ihe is a public -enemy, for
his personal condition -is determined by that of
the society *of which he is a parti ; :
Butas in a nation allegiance andprotectionare
correlative, when the .power of the Government
has been asserted, the person thus foeced to dis-
guise his loyalty is to be held harmless, unless he
has given aid or comfort to the enemy, and is
remitted to his rights as a citizen, subject to the
exigencies supervening upon the contest and
necessary to-the safety of the nation.
If the proposition be true, Mr. Speaker, that
the loyal people of the State are the repositories
of its power and unorganized sovereignty, then
is this bill not liable to the objection proposed.
In providing the preliminary arrangements it must
of necessity prooeed upon theprimary idea ofthe
destruction of government, and therefore begin
dc novo with the rude elements of an unformed
political society. The first step in the formation of
a government based upon the will of the people
is to determine of what persons that people shall
be deemed to consist. Par this purpose an en-
rollment is directed to be made of all white male
citizens of the United States resident in the'State
and in their respective counties. This provision
recognizes the existence of the State in its terri-
torial and political subdivisions as established by
the laws anterior to the -rebellion. It also con-
fines the enrollment to the. white male eitizeij3, rec-
ognizing in them alone the right of government.
This enrollment of kself was manifestly insuffi-
cient to define those entitled to be considered ca-
pable of taking part in the organization or of con-
senting to the reestablishmentof the new system.
By its terms all white male citizens were to be
enrolled; but inasmuch as rebels are citizens ot
the United States, though arrayed against its au-
thority, a test must necessarily, be applied to fiseen-
tain who, being loyal, are entitled to partieipate
in framing the organic law. The bill does not
regard any right as pertaining to those adhering
to the rebellion. They are excluded from all share
in the government formed under itsauspiees. The
test proposed is an oath to support the -Constitu-
tion of the United States. The persons thus
taking the oath must constitute a majority of
those who are enrolled. These persons so en-
rolled and testifying to their loyalty are deemed
to constitute the people. By their assent the ma-
chinery of government is to be set in motion. Oa
their consent the constitution to be ordained is to
rest, not only in the origin of the convention, but
in its ratification by their express will.
How, then, can it be pretended that the govern-
ment is not based upon the consent of the gov-
erned? Is it because persons are excluded who
refuse to qualify themselves by .taking the oath
of allegiance? Surely it can be no deprivation
of any political right to declare-that he who re-
nounces obedience to the Government shall not
have the privilege to determine concerning the
form of State government to be established.
I deny that a rebel has any political lights. I
detiy that in any legitimate sense he is or^ght
to be held as. one of the people authorized to form
or administer government. That he is not rec:
ogmzed by this bill as entitled to citizenship is
the result of his own refusal to acknowledge al-
legiance to the United States.
But it may also be alleged, Mr. Speaker, that
ethe bill is objectionable because it provides that
a number less than a majority of those who were
formerly citizens of the State may ordain the
constitution.
If this comprises all the loyal people it is dif-
ficult to discover on what principle it can be de-
nounced as anti-republican. If they are satis-
fied with the law of resto'rafcion, in accordance
with the act of Congress, who has the right to
complain? By then-own volition, they accept the
terms of reorganization, and itill'behooves those
not subject to the laws -which they enact for their
own government to deny them the privilege of
entering upon the administration of their own
domestic affairs.
