1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2719
whether he proposes to strike out this suction in
order to benefit John Bright?
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, yes; I want to benefit
John Bright, of course. He is a good man for
this country. I respect John Bright, but I re-
spect the revenue of the Government more than
I do John Bright oreven these gentlemen in Mas-
sachusetts who manufacture these carpets. I
desire such a rate of duty as will produce themost
revenue, and I shall notask whom it will benefit.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Do I
understand the gentleman from New York to say
that only two manufacturers in the country make
tapestry carpets?
Mr. BROOKS. I believe the whole tapestry
carpet manufacturing is in the hands of one man.
Mr. E. P. Bigalow holds in his hands the patent
right for the manufacture of these carpets exclu-
sively, as I understand.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. 1 can in-
form the gentleman that there are many other
manufacturers of these carpets.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 speak now of tapestry car-
pets only.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from New
York is slightly mistaken as to the extent of the
manufacture of these carpets in this country.
There are others interested in this matter besides
the gentleman in Massachusetts whom he names.
He makes the highergrades. Many others make
the lower. In fact, that gentleman does not manu-
# facture the kind of carpets to which he refers at
all. The carpets manufactured by the Mr. Biga-
low to whom he refers, of Massachusetts, are
"the velvet tapestry or Brussels carpet, by the
Jacquarcl machine, a very different article from
that to which the gentleman from New York
refers.
Now, in brief let me say, that the House may
understand this question, what the facts are. In
the first place, the manufacturers of these car-
pets are compelled to use a quality of wool not
grown to any extent in this country. They are
worsted wools, and the wool from which they
comb their worsted requires nearly two and a half
pounds for a yard of carpet. They will, there-
'fore, under the rate of duty imposed on wool in
this bill, pay a duty of fifteen or sixteen cents a
yard upon the wool they consume in obtaining
the worsted they use. They use also three fourths
of apoundof linen yarn, on which we levy a duty
of thirty-five per cent, ad valorem, which will add
about six cents per yard to the duties they pay
to the Government.
Then, in addition to that, they are compelled
to pay five per cent, ad valorem upon the value of
the goods when manufactured and sold in the
shape of internal revenue, making still another
addition of from eight to twelve and a half cents
per yard which they pay into the Treasury.
Under these circumstances, I believe we do not
leave them any better oft* than they were before
the internal re-venue tax was imposed upon them,
and in view of the tax levied by this bill upon
wool, I will simply add what I stated yesterday,
that last year we imported carpets to the amount
of more than half a million yards. Now, sir,
I hope this duty will be imposed, and let those
who buy the best of imported carpets pay for
them, for they are able to do it.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I renew the amendment,
and I wish to say that according to the statement
just made by the gentleman from Vermont, the
taxes imposed upon the materials from which
these carpets are made will amount in all to some
thirty-five cents per yard. The duty imposed by
this bill is eighty cents per yard. Rut the House
will observe this difference between the duties
paid by the manufacturer in this country and that
imposed upon the manufactured article which is
imported: that the duties imposed upon the man-
ufacturer are paid in the currency of the United
States, in legal-tender notes; while the duty paid
by the importer is to be paid in gold, which, at
the rate of two for one, woulcLbe equal to a tax
of $1 6*0 per yard.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman will allow
me for a moment. All the duty that they pay on
linen yarn and all the duty that they pay on wool
they have to pay in specie. And 1 ought to have
added to my statement that in combing the wool
from winch they obtain their worsted, as 1 am
informed, the noils or hair which is taken out haa
been estimated as entailing a loss of about ten
cents more under the present high price of wool.
Mr. MALLORY. That would be the effect if
all of these articles were imported; but nothing is
paid in gold and silver if they are not imported
but purchased in this country.
Mr. MORRILL. Linen yarn is not purchased
here.
Mr. MALLORY. Linen is not, but a great
deal of the wool is. The case stands thus: tl\e
protection furnished to this species of manufac-
ture amounts to $1 60 in the currency of the Uni-
ted States, whereas the tax against which it is
proposed to protect it cannot cxceed one dollar a
yard. So, then, I agree with the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I do not see aay
good reason why a bounty of 60a yard should
be paid to this manufacture to indemnify it for a
tax which has been imposed of one dollar per
yard. *1 do not wish to vote to strike out this
whole section, but I should like to have the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] modify his
amendment. I think that the protection alForded
in this case is too high.
Mr. MORRILL. The old duty was fifty-five
cents peryard upon the lughestqualitjr of carpets,
and here, now, we propose to make it fifty-five,
seventy, and eighty cents, according to the value.
Up to this time the importer has been able to
compete with the American manufacturer, and I
will say that in my opinion the American man-
ufacturer will have a sharper competition under
this tariif than horetofoic.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend on page 1G,
line fifteen, by striking out " fifty-five cents "and.
inserting in lieu thereof " forty-five cents;" so
that it will read:
Provided, That no carpeting, carpets, or rugs of the fore-
going de^cnption shall pay .1 duty of iet-s than fifty per
cent, ad ruloicm. On Btur-neN and tapestry Brunei:* car-
pets and carpotins?, printed on the waip or otherwise, forty-
five cents per square yaid. On all Ueble-iugrain, three-
ply, and wor.^ted-c'hain Venetian cuipeu and eaipctmg,
torry cents pci s-quaie yard.
Mr. Chairman, the gieutobjecf of this bill, wc
are told, is to eieato revenue. Jt is the opinion
of carpet dealers that this dutyof sixLy-five cents
per square yard wiil be the destruction of reve-
nue, and that this species of tapestry carpeting
will not be imported.
As I stated before, this whole tapestry carpet
business m this country is in the hands of two
manufacturers, and the patent right foi weaving
this carpet is in the hands of another. So, then,
thiee persons have the entire control of the whole
manufacture of tapestry carpet in the country.
The effect of this bill is, for the protection of these
three men, to destroy all revenue from the im-
portation of tapestry carpet. The cost of this
tapestry or Brussels carpet in England, of John
Blight, is two and sixpence sterling. Under this
rate of duty and exchange it is $2 15 and $2 28
for an at tide which costs in England only sixty
cents. In this bill, then, a prohibitory duty is
levied, and the whole carpet interest is given to
the control of three persons, and only three per-
sons. Theobjectof a* tariff bill ought to be, while
raising revenue, as much as possible to discourage
men who hold monopolies. The duty of forty-five
cents per square yard which 1 propose will admit
of the importation of this tapestry carpet, and, as I
am informed and believe, a duty of fifty-five cents
will act as a prohibition to all importation of that
article. These three gentlemen live ni Massa-
chusetts. They are ingenious men They are
wealthy, and they have become wealthy by the
protection which has been given to them. I do
not object to their wealth. I do not object to their
protection. I am glad that they have great wealth;
they deserve it. But while that is so, do not let
us throw the whole tapestry carpet manufacture
of the country into the hands of three men by
increasing the duty till it amounts to prohibition.
Mr. MORRILL. I do notknowthat our time
will be spent very profitably by going into a. his-
tory of the individuals who are engaged in the
:j manufacture of carpets. But I will say this in
[-•behalf of the gentlemen who have made this
!i monufactuie tiit-ir business, that they have not,
J until a very recent period, made adollarfrom the
manufactuie of carpets. Nevei until the inven-
|| tion anduseof thisJacquard loom did they make
!, a single dollar. So i am mfoimeil.
!| 1 desne to s«y furthei in reference to this mat-
ter, that in levying our internal duties, no matter
what the price may be abroad, if it is worth here
$2 10 or $2 50 per yard, five per cent, is levied
upon the price sold for here. Under the circum-
stances I do not think it necessary to argue this
question further.
I will say, however, that the Committee of
Ways and Means have taken unusual pains to
examine this matter. They have heard repre-
sentations from all sides, and have not yielded to
the pressure brought to bear upon them upon the
part of the manufacturers, some of whom de-
manded a much higher rate than what we have
proposed—even to the extent of ten and fifteen
cents per yard. I think thecommittee have pro-
posed the right sum, and I hope it will be sus-
tained by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Upon tlie amendment I
call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldridge and
Mr. Ortii were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 57.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. On page 16, line eleven, J
move to amend by striking out " eighty" and in-
serting " fifty," so as to make the duty commen-
surate, in my judgment, with the internal tax im-
posed upon the materials of which these carpets
are composed. If my amendment is adopted the
clause will read:
On Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson, Axminster, patem
velvet, Toumay velvet,and tapestry velvet caipeta and car
peting, Brussels carpets wrought by the Jacquard machine,
and all medallion or whole carpets, valued at §1 25 or un-
der per square yaid, 70 cents per square yard; valued at o vet
$1 poi sqnaie yaid, 50 cent* per square yard.
Mr. MORRILL. That is less than the present
tariff.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line thirty-two, page 17,
I move to amend by inserting after the word
"twenty" the word "four;" so that the clause
will read:
On woolen cloth?, woolen shawls, and all manufacture?
of wool of every description, made wholly or in part of
wool, not otherwise provided for, 24 cents per pound, and
in addition theieto 35 per cent, ad valorem.
That will make the duty exactly equivalent to
the duty on wool.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line forty-two, page 17,
I move to amend by inserting after the word
" machines" the words <s twenty cents per pound,
and in addition thereto;" so that the clause will
read:
On endless belts or felts for paper, and blanketing for piint-
mg machine's, 20 cents per pound, and in addition thereto
35 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line forty-four« page 17,
I move to strike out " twelve" and insert " eigh-
teen;" so that the clause will read:
On flannels, uncolored, valued at 30 cents or less per
squaie yaid,lb cents per pound, and 30 percent, ad valorem'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, In line forty-seven, page 17,
1 move to insert after the word "twenty" the
word " four;" so that the clause will read:
On flannels valued at above 30 cents per square yard?
and on all flannels, colored, printed;, or planted, not other-
wise provided for, and flannels eompos-ed m partot cotton,
2-1 cents per pound and 35 per cent, ad valotem,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Inline fifty, pa^el7, I move
to insert after the word "wool" the words
"twenty-four cents per pound, and in addition
thereto;" so that the clause will read:
On hats of wool 24 cents per pound, and m addition there-
to 35 pur cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line fifty-four, page 17,
I move to insert after the word "twenty" the
word " four;" so that the clause will read:
On woolen and worsted yarn, valued at 50 cents and not
over $1 per pound, 20 cents per pound, and m addition
theieto -25 per cent, ad valorem; valued at over $1 per
pound, cent;? per pound, and in addition thereto 30 per
cent, advaloicvi.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line sixty-two, page 18,
j 1 move to mseit after the word "twenty" the
! word " four;" so that the clause will read:
| On clothing, leady-irmde, and weannjj appaicl of every
i de«oi lpUoij, composed whoiiy or m pari ol wool, made up
