1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proclamation of the major general commanding this de-
partment, issued on thelith day of January, 1864, in which
heoidered the election of a Governor, a Lieutenant Gov-
einoi, and five other officers of an execuuvc department,
only, under the constitution and laws of Louisiana, except
such as iclaied to slaveiy, which is not mentioned in the
constitution, thereby recognizing officially that the con-
stitution of Louisiana was not destioyed by the rebellion,
but existed.
This proclamation also announced that martial law was
the fundamental Jaw of the State, and lastly directed that
an election of members of a convention <£,for the revision
of the constitution," thus again recognizing its existence,
should take place on the 4Ui of April, which the general
subsequently changed to the 28th of March. These elec-
tions have been held. A Governor and other State officers
were chosen on the22dofFebruaryand members of a con-
vention on the 2bth of March. Your memorialists sol-
emnly protest against tins course of proceeding. *They
maintain that a commanderofan army should not be per-
mitted to organize civil government in a State at his own
will and pleasure and according to his own orders, but that
fucIi powers should be reserved to Congress or to the peo-
ple. Your memorialists are of opinion that the elections
just held were earned by the influence of the name of the
commanding general, since, and as'it was universally de-
clared and believed, his wishes were in favor of one set
of candidates and opposed to the other, the election was
notiiee, bucfiom the immense influence which, under the
reign of martial law, *>ueh a belief ptoduced, it was not
possible the elections could have had any other result than
that which it was thought the commanding general desired.
Your memorialists maintain that a Stale government
should only be oigamssed when there can hp by no possi-
bility imputed any military or other improper influence,
and should not be attempted while martial law is pro-
claimed and enforced as the fundamental law of the State,
and they aie of opinion that under the cncumstanees no
State reorganization should take place until Congress shad
have pjovnied loi It, or it shall have been fully and fanly
ascertained that the mass of the citizens of the State de-
sire a loyal State government that will secure and perpet-
uate the liberties ot all the inhabitants.
Your memorialists, theiefoie, respectfully urge upon
Congrev? not to lecogmze the late proceedings m the form
of elections which have been had in this State, and they
piay your honoiable body to pass an act enabling the loyal
citizens, of the State of Louisiana to foi m a new State gov-
ernment, and that you will bypioper provisions secure the
rights.of all the inhabitants, arid also the entire freedom of
the election, at such time as you s-hali deem pioper for
holding the same. THOMAS J. DtUlANT,
and sixteen others.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to enter the motion
to recommit the bill to the committee who re-
ported it.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. NORTON obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Wilson, who moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon (at ten minutes to ten o'clock, p. m.,) ad-
journed.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 20, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderlanu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 7th instant, information in rela-
tion to the amount of fees and emoluments re-
ceived by the attorney and marshal of the United
States for the District of Columbia, respectively,
and by the clerks of the several courts of the Dis-
trict, during the year ending December 31, 1863,
and the amount allowed to each of those officers
for deputies, clerks, office rent, and incidental-ex-
penses during the same period; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a memorial of
the officers of a convention composed of delegates
of the Ohio valley, held at Louisville on the 24th
of Febiuary, 1864, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of the Lou-
isville and Nashville Railr#kd Company, remon-
strating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent, Office.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a memorial
of thcLouisviile, New Albany, and Chicago Rail-
road Company, lemonstruting against the exten-
sion of the Goodyear patent for the manufacture
of vulcanized India rubber; which was referred to
the Committee on Putento and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of, In-
diana, praying that New Albany, in that State,
may be made a district for the inspection of steam-
boats and for the collection of customs; which was
referred to the- Committee on Commerce.
. Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of the Pa-
cific Railroad Company of Missouri, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of the Goodyear, patent
for the manufacture of vulcanized India rubber;
which was referred to the Committee on Pateots
and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
memorial of William W. Woodworth, praying
for a renewal of hispatentforaplaning machine,
reported adversely thereon; and the committee
were discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Carolines. Williams,
praying for an extension to her of two patents
issued to her father, Thomas R. Williams, on
the 6th of May, 1851, one for an improvement in
the machinery for hardening bats in felting, &c.,
and the other for an improvement in machinery
for forming long bats for felting, &c., reported
adversely thereon; and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel Fitzgerald,
praying for a renewal of his patent for an im-
provement in fire-proof chests and safes, and the
petition of Jonathan Ball, praying for an exten-
sion of his patent for an improved raode of coat-
ing the interior side of metallic water pipes with
hydraulic cement, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 244) for the relief of
Daniel Fitzgerald and Jonathan Ball. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Milton Finkle, pray-
ing for an extension of his patent for improve-
ments in machinery for making wire heddles,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
245) for the telief of Milton Finkle. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the joint committee
on the conduct of the war, who were instructed
by a resolution of the Senate of the 2d of Febru-
ary to inquire into the military administration
in all its departments in the city of Alexandria,
and especially into the system of militaiy police
there established, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed without the accompanying
testimony.
Pilr. POWELL, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was leferred a bill (S. No. 61)
authorizing the States of Minnesota and Wiscon-
sin to change their common boundary line, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. TRUMBULL, trom the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them without amendment and
adversely:
A bill (S. No. 230) to prevent the assembling
of and trial by courts-martial of capital or, other-
wise infamous crimes not arising in the land or
naval forces of the United States, or in the militia
when in actual service in time of war or public
danger; and
A bill (S. No. 237) supplemental to an act en-
titled "An act to prevent frauds upon the Treas-
ury of the United States," approved February
26, 1853.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. Nq.
300) for the classification of the clerks to pay-
masters in the Navy, have instructed me to re-
port it back with an amendment; and it is accom-
panied by a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
which I am instructed to move to have printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Milma, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 36) to con-
strue the thud section o^the act appioved July
17, 1S62, entitled " An act to amend the act call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrection, and repel invasion,
approved February 28, 1795, ant} tlw act amend-
atory thereof, and for other purposes," so as,
provide for the payment of bounties to li clashes
of troops called out under the provisions of tljajt
section, reported adversely thereon. . • • •
BIIXS INTRODUCED. " , ' *
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous cons-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(Ss No.243)
to amend section eight of an act entitled "All
act to establish the Treasury Department," ap-
proved September 2,1789; which was'read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed. , -
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 45) in relation to the taking of a
census in the year 1865; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 246)
for the relief of officers, seamen, and others,
borne on the books of vessels wrecked or lost in
the naval service; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
l'OWBES OF CONTINGENT EXPENSES COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLARK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolml, Tliat the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate have power to send for
persons and papers, in making examination into the ex-
penditure of the funds appropriated for such expenses.
RAILROADS IN KANSAS.
, Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 233. It will lead to no discussion,
and it will take but a moment to pass it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope no bill will be
taken up until the action of the Senate is had on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
Montana bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The bill that 1 pro-
pose to take up will lead to no discussion. If it
does, 1 will let it go. over. It is the bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands to grant
land to certain Kansas railroads, and which I pro-
pose to pass as reported by the committee. 1 hope
the Senate will permit it to come up. When it
was under consideration before I offered some
amendments to it which led to discussion; but I
propose no w to withdrawthose amendments and
to aslc for the passage of the bill as reported by
the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was perhaps at my
suggestion, though I am not quite sure of it, that
that bill was postponed the other day. I have
thought about it some time since, and if the Sena-
tor from Kansas, who is particularly interested in
the question and who represents the interests of
that State, feels that these towns ought to be des-
ignated on the line of the road, I certainly shall
interpose no objection. It is a local question; and
he believing thatthose towns along the line of the
road, being important points in the State, ought
to be mentioned in the bill, for one,as a Senator,
I shall vote according to his recommendation upon
a question so purely local. I withdraw all ob-
jection to it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have stated to the
Senators who objected to making the towns I
named points on the road that 1 would not ask it,
but would be content with the passage of the bill
as it came from the Committee on Public Lands.
I hope the Senate will allow it to come up now.
It will take but a moment.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 have no objection to the
bill being taken up at any time except the present.
I want the Montana bill disposed of duiing the
morning hour to-day.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senator from Minnesota that this bill wa's post-
poned until yesterday, and should have come up
yesterday. I now ask that it be taken up and
passed. There will be no discussion about it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 233) making an addi-
tional grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid
in the construction of rail road and telegraph lines.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill was
lust up an amendment was proposed by the Sell-
