116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,,
38th Cong....-1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
who, by and by, in more peaceable times, with
the light of this rebellion before him, will under-
take to treat of revolution as one of the fine arts.
Bat,Mr. President, what was the trouble? Did
they go to war for nothing ? Was this revolution
mustered for no purpose whatever? By no man-
ner of means. It was for a very significant pur-
pose. The truth about it was, and you know it,
sir, there was an opinion prevailing in a portion
of the States of this Union which was very ob-
noxious to the men who made this rebellion and
who owned slaves. Your Constitution was formed
for the purpose of making American opinion the
supreme law. There were very few limitations
put upon that opinion. As a great deal of mis-
chief had arisen in other countries because of es-
tablishing someparticular religious opinion as the
legal opinion upon religious subjects in different
realms, it was forbidden that you should make
any Jaw regulating worship or regulating reli-
gious opinions. It declared American opinion to
be the supremelaw. Therewasanecessity,you
see, that American opinion should be left perfectly
free, that every man should be allowed to think
what he pleased on all subjects.
Now, it happened that the men who made that
Constitution were almost united in the opinion
that slavery was a great wrong. Of course they
put nothing into the Constitution to inhibit you
or me or any man from thinking the same; and
a groat portion of the people of the United States
had therefore continued to hold fast to that con-
viction. This rebellion was employed for the
simple purpose of crushing out that opinion. The
Constitution had left every man free to cherish
that opinion who saw fit to cherish it. It could
not, thcrefoio, be put down bylaw. Revolution
was the only force which could put it down,and
revolution was resorted to for that purpose and
for no other.
Let it be remembered by whoever undertakes
to speak of this rebellion hereafter, that when
vour forefathers had secured, by revolution and
by war, the right to govern themselves, and had
left opinion perfectly free among all the people of
the United States, the first opinion which it was
attempted to crush out by forcc was that of anti-
slavery. Understand me, then, to assert as a fact
that this rebellion is organized for no other pur-
pose than to crush out anti-slavery opinion, and
not anti-slavery action. Whydo I saythatsuch
is the purpose of the rebellion? First, because
there is nothing but opinion to rebel against.
There was not an act of, there was not a defect
in, the Government, as I have shown. There was
nothing but an opinion to war against.
But, sir, you were told precisely what you must
do to avoid this war. Let me read what that was.
A Senator from Texas, speaking in this very
Chamber, said:
<c Tim*; 1 say to the different State*, as the representative
of my Slate, that within your boideis there are pi esses and
tlieic are public speaker,and unles< Hie newspapers have
fiven a falsi' account of the laet.youi Piesident elect n few
mouths, or pn.-sibly weeks, hetoic Ins nomination was a
hued abolition lectuier, dehveunc, at $100 a lectme, lec-
tuie-. tluou;.;iiout the oountiy, excitnur the people against
I!-. We <-ayto those State;- that you shall not—that is the
woid [ choose to ns-e, ami ! iefleet the feeling and deteun-
inatinn ol the people I leptesout when I Use'it—you Mnll
noi permit moo to«oth<-ie andexoiteyoureitizcn^ to make
John IJrown raids or bring tire and stivciimne within the
limits of the Stuo to which f owe my allegiance. Von
sshail not publish nc\v>pr«peis> and pamphlets to excite our
< laves to jii^niioctioii. You shall not publMi newspapers
ami pamphlets to excite the non-slaveholdeis against the
feiavenoldeirf or the fdaveholders niMim-t the non-s'nvehold-
ois.''—CongressionalGlobe.secondsession Thirtxi-SixthCoii-
page <0.
That is what you weie told to do to avoid the
rebellion. You were told you should do those
things, and that you should not do the contrary
of those things.
1 desire to read extracts from two or three
speeches delivered by a former Repiesentative uf
the State of Georgia, who became vice president
of what are called the confederato States, show-
ing conclusively, if human testimony can show
anything conclusively, that the division of this
Union into two Governments was no purpose of
those who made the rebellion, but it was to es-
tablish their ideas on the question of slavery as
the supreme law of the whole Union; that seces-
sion was not the end aimed at, but only a means
to tiie end; that the reconstruction of the whole
Union upon slavery as its corner-stone was the
declared recognized purpose aimed at by the rebels.
He said, in a speech delivered at Montgomery,
speaking of the*constitution adopted by "the con-
federate States:
"The new constitution iias put at icst forever ail the
agitating questions relating to our peculiar institutions—
African slaveiy as it exists among us, the proper status of
tiie negro in our foim of civilization. Tins was the imme-
diate cause of the late lupture and picsent revolution.
Jefferson, in his forecast, had anticipated this as the • rock
upon which the old Union would split.' lie was right.
YVhat was conjecture with him is now a realized fact. But
whether he fully compiehendcd the gieat truth upon which
that gieat rock stood and stands may be doubted. The pre-
vailing ideas enteitamed by him and most of the leading
statesmen at the tnne of the formation of the old Constitu-
tion were that the enslavement of the African was in vio-
lation of the laws of nature, that it was wrong in principle,
socially, moially, and politically. It was an evil they knew
not well how to deal with; but the general opinion of the
men of that day wag that, somehow or other, in the order
of Providence, the institution would be evanescent and pass
away. This idea, though not incorporated in the Consti-
tution, was the prevailing idea at the time. The Constitu-
tion, it is true, secured every essential guarantee to tile
institution while it should last, and hence no argument can
be justly used against the constitutional guarantees thus se-
cured because of the common sentiment of the day. Those
ideas, however, were fundamentally wrong. They rested
upon the assumption of tiie equality of ruces. This, was an
error. It was a sandy foundation, and the idea ot a Gov-
ernment built upon it. When the 'storm came and the
wind blew it tell.'
11 Our new government is founded upon exactly the op-
posite ideas; its foundations are laid, its corner-stone re^ts
upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the wlnte
man; that slavery, suboidmatiou to thesupcnoi lace, ishi-i
natural and moral condition. [Applause.] This, our new
government, is the first in the history of the world based
upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral tiuth."
So it is, sir, the first government in the history
of the civilized world based upon that idea; and
if God docs not utteily forget us itwillbe thelast,
let mt: tell you, whether that idea be a truth or
falsehood.
But it may he said they meant to base their
government only, tho government of the scceded
States, upon that corner-stone, and leave your
Government, the Government of the remaining
States, to rest upon the mother corner-stone of uni-
versal human equality and human freedom. They
did not mean any such thing. They meant, on the
contrary, that their government should absorb
this. They meant that their institutions should
extend over us. They meant not only to reor-
ganize their government upon that idea, but to
reorganize this Government also upon the same.
It was in this very speech that this same orator
undertook to detail, in guarded language, to be
sure, but sufficiently explicit for any of us to un-
derstand, how he expected to reorganize the Gov-
ernment of these States, and to plant them upon
that same corner-stone. He said:
" Our giowth by accessions fietn other States will de-
pond gioatly upon vvheiher we present to the woild, as I
tuivtwe shall, a better government than that to which
they belong. If we do tins, Noith Carolina, Tennessee,
and'AiKansas cannot hesitate long; neither can Virginia,
Kentucky, and Miv-.onti. They will necessarily gravitate
to us by an imperious law. We made ample piovision in
oureoi'iMitutiou If>r the admission of oilier States; it is
more guaidod, and wisely so, I think, than the old Consti-
tution on the same subject, but not too guarded to receive
them as last as it may ho proper. Looking to the distant
litture, and perhaps not vcr.v distant other, it i> not beyond
the lanjje of possibility, and even piohabihty, that all the
gieat States of the Northwest s-hail giavitate tins way as
well as Tennessee, Kentucky, Missoun, Arkansas, &c.
Should the} do to, om doors are wide enough to icceivc
them, but not until tiiey aie icady to assimilate with us
in ptinciple.
" The psoees-! of disintegration in the old Union may be
expected to go on with almost absolute certainty."
That is not all the testimony we get from this
same witness upon this point of what was the
real purpose aimed at by tho rebellion. Speak-
ing at Atlanta, Georgia, on the 30th of April,
1SG1, in the very morning of the rebellion, while
1 think these acts of secession had extended only
to eight States,after he had concluded his speech,
he was called out again by the earnest solicitation
of his friends, and he came out on the platform
to impart some intelligence. It was this:
" The news from Washington is very interesting. It has
been stated in the newspapers, fifst, that the" Virginia
tioops had occupied Ailingtou Heights, just across the Po-
tomac fiom the resident's house; and again, that Lin-
coln's troops bad occupied that point. My information is
that both these statements are nieoirect. Lincoln, how-
ever, has occupied Geoigetown Heights. He has from fit- !
teen to twenty thousand soldieis stationed m and about ■
Wa&hington. Troop- ate quarteied in the Capitol, who are
defacing its walls and ornaments with grease and filth, like
| a set of Vandal hoides. The new.Senate Chamber has been
converted into a kitchen and quarters, cooking and sleep-
ing apparatus having actually been erected and placed in
that elegant apartment. The Patent Office is convened
into soUheis' barracks, and is ruined with their filth. The
Post Office Department is made a storehouse for barrels of
Hour and bacon. All the Departments are appropriate d to
base uses, and despoiled of their beauty by those treacher-
ous destiuctive enemies of our country. Their filthy spolia-
tions of the public buildings and woiks of art at the capi-
tal, and their pieparations to destioy them, are stiong evi-
dence to my mind that they do not intend to hold or defend
the place, but to abandon it, after having despoiled and
laid it in ruins. Let them destroy it—savage-like—if they
will. We vvilliebuild it. We will make the utructurcs
more glorious. Phoenix-like, new and mote substantial
structures will rise from its ashes. Planted anew, und^r
the auspices of our superior institutions, it will live and
Uoun&h throughout all ages."
A rebellion waged to vindicate the independ-
ence of eight States, which had declared them-
selves independent of the balance of the Union,
to rebuild the Capitol of the United States! What
interest have they in the Capitol of the United
States? How happened the vice president of that
confederacy to be threatening to rebuild this Cap-
itol? If the purpose of the rebellion was to es-
tablish the independence of those States, what
had they to do with the conquest of the District
of Columbia ? Whathad they to do with rebuild-
ing the Capitol of the United States?
Preceding this speech, on the 19th of Decem-
ber, I860, the State of Mississippi sent commis-
sioners to confer with the government of Mary-
land on the subject of secession; and in a speech
made to the citizens of Baltimore on that even-
ing the commissioner spoke as follows:
" Secession is not intended to breakup the present Gov-
ernment, but to perpetuate it. We do not propose to go
out by way of destroying or breaking up the Union as our
fathers gave it to us; but we go out lor the puipose of get-
ting further guarantees and sccuiites to oui rights, not by
convention of all the sovereign States, not by congressional
treaties which have failed in times past and will Tail again ;
butoui plan is for the southern States to withdiaw limn
the Union for the present,to allow amendment? to tnfc Con-
stitution to be made guaiantymg our ju--t lights. If the
northern States will not make those amendments by winch
these rights shall be secured to us, theif we mmt sccure
them the best way we can."
Here we have the explicit testimony from tho
embassador of one of the seceding States that
secession is not intended to break up this Gov-
ernment, but to perpetuate it. They proposed
to organize a new and independent government,
not for the purpose of protecting their rights, but
to make this government guaranty their rights.
Their rights were to be secured, not by making
theirconstitution, but byamcndmg ours. If the
noithern States would not make those amend-
ments, then they were to secure them the best way
they could. Thus, by the mouths of these three
witnesses, the whole purpose of secession is re-
vealed.
The representative from Texas (Mr. Wigfall)
says your abolition societies must be abolished,
and Mr. Lincoln must stop lecturing. Mr.
Stephens asserts that they mean to rebuild your
Capitol. And the commissioner from Mississippi
declares that your Constitution must be amended.
All these things are to be done, too, not because
your people wish them done, but because the
people of the seceding States will have themdone.
Sir, during the executive session of this Senate
in March, 1861, your capital was garrisoned by
a military force which, if I remember, numbered
about twelve hundred. Such a force, of course,
could not be dangerous to the capital of the con-
federate States, but might offer some resistance
to the capital of the United States. Accordingly,
Mr. Mason, then aSenatorfrom Virginia, under-
took to secure their removal. For that purpose
he offered a resolution to the Senate in the follow-
ing words:
" Wheieas the presence of a military force, concentrated
and permanently quarteied at the seat of Government ot
the United States, is a departure from all former usage of
the Government, and dangerous to the lights and hbeittes
of the people: Thcrefoio,
(l Resolved> That the President be requested toinfoim
the Senate what is the number of troops of the Army of tli"
United States now quartered in this city, the respective
arms of service to which they belong, and the purpose for
which they were brought heic; and that he further in-
form the Senate when the said troops are to be withdsawn
from this city; and if not to be withdiawn, tor what pur-
pose they are to be retained here; and whether it is in
contemplation of the Executive to increase said loice,and
to what extent."
Another Senator introduced a resolution call-
ing on the President to withdraw alt your troops
from all your forts throughout the several States
