4JT44
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20.
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,] •which will be
reatf.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not wish to press
^tlie whofe of that amendment. I simply offer the
first part of it. I propose merely to add at the
end of the sscond section the following proviso:
Provided. That tlie line of railroad and telegraph from
-Leavenworth, By way of Lawrence and the Ohio City cross-
ing of the Osage river, to the southern iine of the State in
tilt; direction of Galveston bay, shall run via Baldwin City.
I simply desire to say to the Senate that Bald-
win City is the seat of learning of the State of
Kansas and is directly on the line of the road. I
should like very much to have this amendment
adopted. It is the only one which I ask for.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Kansas whether he knows that
such an amendment is at all practicable. It may
not be practicable to carry the road in the direc-
tion proposed. I do not know whether this route
has been surveyed and whether it has been ascer-
tained that it is practicable to divert it from the
line proposed in the bill to the point designated
by the Senator from Kansas. I should like to
know how that is.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The gentleman can
judge us well as I. Baldwin City is directly south
of Lawrcnce and on the lino of the road in a level.
There is no obstacle to its running through Bald-
Win City.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no opposition to make
to the bill; but these bills come up here in the
morning hour, and I do not know that anybody
takes any interest in them except as a matter of
locality, but they do divest the Government of
very large quantities of land.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill contemplates, as I
-understand it, a grant of about half a million acres.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This bill lengthens
the line of the road twenty-five miles, and short-
ens it twelve miles.
Mr. MORRILL. How is that?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We change one branch
of the road from Lawrence to Emporia, which
shortens that branch twelve miles, and we lengthen
the Neosho valley road to Port Riley, a fort of
the Government, twenty-five miles, so that it
lengthens the whole line of road about thirteen
miles.
Mr. MORRILL. What amount of land is ap-
propriated >
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Ten sections to the
mile.
Mr, MORRILL. Then the whole appropria-
tion, if i understand it, is ten sections per mile
for thirteen additional miles. Is that all?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is all. It has
been before the committee and fully investigated.
Mr. MORRILL. My only object was to in-
quire what amount of lands were appropriated by
this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
muling; and was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. MoPhhrson, its Cleik, announced tlmt
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing hill and joint resolution; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 320) supplementary to an act ap-
ptoved July 14, 1862, entitled "All act to estab-
lish certain post roads, and for other purposes;"
and
A joint resolution (No. 6G) ••setting apart the
old Hall of the Ilouye of Representatives as a
hail of statuaiy.
The mess.igu further announced that the House
of Repieseniatives had passed the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate (No. 39) H'lating'to the publi-
cation of the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States for December Term, 1863.
ENKOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled billsand joint resolution; which
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 287) to change the name of
the district and port of Fresque isle to the dis-
trict and port of Erie;
A bill (H. R. No. 301) to amend an act for
enrolliftg and calling out the national forces so as
to increase the rank, pay, and emoluments of
the Provost Marshal General;
A bill (H. R. No. 303) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to establish and equalize the grade
•of line officers of the United States Navy," ap-
proved July 16, 1862; and
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 65) directing the
committee on the conduct of the war to examine
into the recent attack on Port Pillow.
TERRITORY 01 MONTANA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 360. It will lead to no discussion.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that bill will not
be taken up, but that we shall proceed with the
unfinished business of the morning hour, which
is a question that ought to have been decided
when it was first presented to the Senate from the
other House. I refer to the question on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the Montana
bill; and as the Senator from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Wade,]
is not here, I feel it to be my duty to insist that
the Senate shall act on this proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday is now
before the Senate, the question being upon the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota that the
Senate further insist upon its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 15) to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Montana, and agree
to the further conference asked by the House of
Representatives upon the disagreeing voles of the
two Houses on that, bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have but two or three
words to say on this question. When I made
the motion 1 did not intend to say a word about
it, but let the vote be taken without any remarks
so far as I was concerned. The original bill, as
it came to the Senate from the House of Repre-
sentatives, contains this proposition:
Pec. 5. J]mi be it further enacted, That every free white
male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one years, who
shall have been ail actual resident of t.ani Territoiy at the
time of the passage of this act, shall be entitled to vote at
the first election, and shall be eligible to any office within
the said Territory.
Every Englishman, every Frenchman, every
Chinaman, every man that lives on the continent
of Europe ttnd owes allegiance to any of the Gov-
ernments of Europe is permitted by this bill to
come here and after a residence of thirty days to
vote and hold office in this Territory. He may
have come here expressly for the purpose of en-
tering into gold speculations with the intention of
returning home, hating ourGovernment when he
came here; and yctundcrthis bill he is permitted
to vote, and even to be elected to the Legislature
if he can succeed in doing so.
When the bill was under consideration in the
Senate, I moved to strike out the words, " white
male inhabitant," and to insert " male citizens of
the United States and those who have declared
their intention to become such." I wanted to
limit the right of suffrage and of holding office
in this Territory to citizens of the United States
and those who had declared theirmtention to be-
come such. The Senate adopted the amendment;
but the House of Representatives have disagreed
to it.
I would not say one word about this subject
except for the renmtks tliat were made yesterday
by the honorable Senator from Illinois. He at-
tacked this proposition with a great deal of spirit
and 1 thought with a great deal of bitterness. In
his opposition to it he went into the acts of the
Government violating the Constitution and di-
viding the loyal sentiment of the North, as he.
said; and I suppose of course that he meant to
arraign this as one of the measures which tended
to produce that result. What is this proposition
that is to divide the loyal sentiment of this coun-
try and weaken the arm of this Government? It
is a proposition to limit the right of suffrage in
the Territory of Montana to citizens of the Uni-
ted States and those who have declared their in-
tention to become such. Is there anything in a
proposition of thcttkind to call fot th such a speech
as the honoiable Senator made yesterday?
The honorable Senator seemed to sneer at the
proposition, and lie asked, why not allow persons
under twenty-one years of age, children, to vote?
Why not allow women to vote? And then he
characterized it ag a measure tending to destroy
the harmony of the loyal people of the North and
to weaken the arm of the Government in sup-
pressing this rebellion. It was not long ago that
the honorable Senator himself had a proposition
here which tended to agitate the public mind on
the question of slavery. I supported it then be-
cause I believed it was right, and 1 believe now
that it is always proper to agitate the public mind
if you agitate it in i&yor of the right and the truth.
In such a case I am not afraid of agitation.
The Senator says we want the whole power of
this Government to suppress this rebellion. So
we do. But, sir, we now have in our Army about
two hundred thousand black men fighting 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; notthatmany.
Mr. WILKINSON. We may not have quite
that many; but we have a large army of black
men in the field fighting for us to-day—an army
as brave as any that the honorable Senator has
sent from the State of Illinois; and they are brave
as anybody—an army composed of men whore-
fuse to surrender and submit to death rather than
to be sold into slavery. And yet that honorable
Senator wants a discrimination made against
those men in direct terms in a bill in which we
are called upon to define the qualifications of
voters.
But, sir, when this bill was first under consid-
eration in the Senate, the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] said in his place here
that even under my amendment negroes would
not be permitted to vote. 1 will read what he
said:
"Mr. Johnson. X ask for the reading of that part of tlie
hill.
<e The Secretary read :
"That every free male citizen of the United States—
"Mr. Johnson. That will do. I was about to say, in
order to explain my reason lor asking for the reading ofthe
amendment, that if the object of tlie fc'onator from Minne-
sota [Mi. Wilkinson] is to put it beyond all doubt that
Africans in the 'J'emtory shall be permitted to exert all
the political rights that under the hill will be cxerciscd by
white moo, he had bettei say 1 ail black men,' instead of
saving 'all citizens,' because the Supremo Court of tho
United States lias decided, and that question was directly
before the couit in tho Died Scott case, that «i peuon of
African descent is not a citizen of the United States. The
objection to the authority of that decision did not apply at
all to that particular question ; it was to the othei question
which a majority of the eoint derided as to the unconsti-
tutionality of the Missouri restriction. The opinion of a
larjje part ol tho public, not only confined to what may be
called laymen, but inclurimgagi eat many professional men,
was thnr, so lar as thatquestion was concerncd, the decis-
ion of the coutt was extra judicial; but as far as iclated to
the other qumion, the capacity ot the AOican to Mie In
the com to ot the United States, there was no doubt in the
mind ot anybody that the decision, until it shall beicverswl
hv the court itself, is conclusive, and conclusive upon the
question that a person of Afi lean dc&cerit is not a citizcn of
the United Stales within the mcaninsof the Constitution.
" I objected to the amendment when it was pioposod by
the honorable member from Minnesota, because 1 was ap-
prehensive that it might lead to <ome difficulty in it« prac-
tical operation m tins newTeriitoiy ; but I ^u^'-ht now to
the member that if he really wishe to place Atiieans upon
the same footing with all other perton^ in the de-charge of
any of the political Junctions which ail other persons will
be at liberty to dischaige,he had bettei piovide that whites
as well as blacks, who have the qualification stated, of res-
idence, shall stand upon the same footing, i think he will
not accomplish his puipose, if that is his purpose, by the
amendment, if the bill shall pas* in its ptesont shape, with-
out some additional explanation.
a Mr. Wilkinson. I am witling that it shnll stand as it
is, and let the decision of the Supreme Coint be whatever
it may. I simply wis!) to stuke out the qualitying term
there, and h>t the result-; take caieof them-elvas. I neither
want * white' nor 1 black5 put into this bill."
If the Senator from Illinois has any great fours
that the people of Illinois are goin^ to be seriously
disturbed by this measure, let him publish these
remarks made by the honorable Senator from
Maryland, and if they believe in the Dred Scott
decision his people will not be at all disturbed,
and the loyal men of Illinois will be just as patri-
otic as they were before.
Mr. TRUjMBUL^. They do not believe in
that decision.
Mr. WILKINSON. The honorable Senator
says the people of Illinois do not believe in the
Dred Scott decision. If there are any m^n in the
State of Illinois who do not believe in the Dred
Scott decision I assure the honorable Senator
they will not be at all disturbed by a proposition
confining the right of suffrage in the Territory of
Montana to free male citizens of the United States
and those who have declared their inteutioa to
become such.
