THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
or ttirtwuffrctured wholly or In part by the tailor, spamstress,'
or laanufaotiwer, except hosiery, 24 cents per pound, and
iu addition theieto 40 per ccnt. ad valorem.
The-amendmcnt was agreed to.
• Mr. MORRILL. Ia line sixty-eight, page 18,
I mova to insert after the word' " twenty" the
word " four," and the fame amendment in line
seventy-three; so that the clause will read:
• On blankets of kind^made wholly or in part of wool,
valued at not- oxcetchng 28 cents per pound, 12 cents per
pound, and in addition thereto20 per cent, ad lalorem; val-
ued above SB cent-* and not exceeding 40 cent*, per pound,
24 cents p^r pound and 23 per cent, ad .valorem; valued
SboVe 40 fc'eiUsTper ponnd, 20 cents per pound and 30 per
c.eiifc ad valorem'. On Balmorals, and goods of similar de-
scription, or u&e<l for like purpose-!, composed of wool,
wonted, or any other materia!, 24 cunts per pound, and in
addition thereto 35 per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. "WARD. In line forty-eight, page IT, I
move to amend by inserting after the clause in
reference to flannels the following:
- Jlnd-providcd, That, no ilannefs, whether colored or un-
coloieri, printed or plaided, slmii be subject to ouy higher
rate of duty than 40 per cent, ad valorem.
The reason why I move the amendment is this:
J think the duty provided is altogether too high.
Th'cse flannels arc used chiefly foreoUliers'shirts,
and the prosentduty is2o pet cent. The duty now
proposed is 51 per cent, ad valorem in gold, or96
per cent, in currency, computing gold al 90. It
seems to me that an article of that kind used for
such purposes ought not to have a ptohibitory
duty imposed upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the committee will
perceive that the additional duty here proposed is
not the ninth puit of a hair more than the duty
imposed upon the wool consumed.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Onpage38, line sixty-nine,
I move to insert after the word u twenty" the
word "five;" so that it will read:
On blankeW of all kimU. made wholly or hi part of wool,
valued at hoi excW'dh+g 9A cents per pound-, 12 cuts pvt
pound, and ni addition thereto 2l> pei oent <>d valorem;
valued above cents and nor exceeding 40 cents per
pound, 20 eentH pei pound and 25 per cent, ad valorem;
valued pJjovo 40 cents por pound, 2a cents por pound ami
30 per eeut. ad ialoteni.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On the same page in line
seventy-nine I move to insert after the word
" twenty" the word u five;" so as to read as fol-
lows:
On all manufactuu!i>, not otherwise provided for, and
ladle*5 drt-fs yoods, composed wholly ot in paitof wool,
worsted, mohair, or «oun' liao\ jjroy or ttneolored, not ex-
ceeding in value the sum <>l 41) cents per .-qtiaro vard, 4
eenU per square yaul, and m addition thereto 25 p 'r cent.
ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL. On the same pugennd in the
continuation of the same chuuie I move to strike
out the word " four" and insert4* six," and m
line eighty-two to strike out u twenty-five" and
insert "  .hirtyj" so that it will read:
Exceeding hi value 40 cenH per square yard, 6 cents per
squuie jaid, and in addition thereto 3!) per cent, ad va-
loi fin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, I do not know if the amend-
ments which have been made to the pmagraph
will do away with the objection which has oc-
curred to my mind in relation to it; but, sir, the
paragraph just read is certainly very objection-
able.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendmentr
Mr, WILSON. 1 do. In hues oighty-fiveand
eighty-six 1 move to .strike out the words 4i four
cents per equate yard" and to insert in lieu thereof
"forty-five pei cent, ad valorem." As I under-
stand this paragraph, the highest duty is levied
upon the lowest class of goods. The gentleman
says he is going to remedy that, but as the section
now stands the good.* which are consumed by the
laboring and middle classes are required to pay
a higher duty than the goody consumed by the
wealthier classes. The gentleman iu the previous
paragraph has increased thc.dutie<s upon the class
Of goods consumed by the laboring and middle
club's, so as lo make them heavier than the du-
ties imposed on the silks, which arc used exclu-
sively by the v/ealthu rclasses. 1 hope there will
bo some change in this. It seems to me that if,
we levy duties on silk goods according to the ad i
trafwm principle, we ought to do the same with (
goods th«t enter into the consumption of the mid-
dle- classes of ,thc country. Instead of taxing
these goods at from 102| to 182] per cent.—add-
in z the premium on gold—the duty should be
reduced so that it would not amount to more than
45 or 50 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I agree with
the gentleman from Iowa in regard to the duties
on silk". The Committed of Ways and Means,
evei; since I have been a member of it, has striven
for i5nft)ftoation that would enable them to have
duties imposed on silk goods in a specific form;
and until recently we have never had any encour-
agement or assistance of the importers to accom-
plish that object. Latterly it has been found by
the importers themselves that they cannot com-
pete with foreigners engaged in the same trade,
who send out these goods on their own account,
or who undervalue them when they are brought
into the country. I hope that before this bill be-
comes a law we shall have obtained sufficient in-
formation to enable us to "report ri.'specific duty on
silks. We shall certainly do fco if we can, and
then, perhaps, ask the Senate Committee on
Finance to incorporate it into the bill.
'In relation to the particular goods embraced in
this item, 1 will fcuy that there are immense quan-
tities of them consumed in this country. Im-
ported, as most of them are, from Saxony, the
ad valorem duty is meiely nominal and produces
hardly any revenue. These are goods, many of
them, which American manufacturers do not and
cannot produce. I have a large number of sam-
ples of them at my desk which any gentleman
may examine. If we levy a small rate on these
goods, as a specific tax, we shall secure some rev-
enue, and shall not increase their cost to any ap-
preciable extent. This duty is proposed to be
calculated per square yard. The general width
of these goody is about five eighths of a yard. The
tax will amount to about two and a half cents per
yard. When we reach a higher class of these
goods, sold here at from seventy-five cents to a
dollar, we shall perhaps obtain three and a half
cents per yard on the specific rates and more than
that on the ud valorem rates. I do not consider it
unreasonable, but a just and fair duty, ewe which
can be collected,and oil* those fullyablc to pay it.
Mr. WILSON". I ask the gentleman from
Vermont which amendment he intends to propose.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 propose to increase the rate
of four cents per square yard, in line eighty-seven,
to six cents.
Mr. WILSON. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr.MORRILL. I move theamendment which
1 h.-ive suggested.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman, T desire to say
a few words in the direction indicated by the
gentleman from Iowa, and to present a few facts
to tiie. attention of the committee. The present
duty is two cents per square yard, and thirty
per cent, ad valorem when the goods cost under
forty cents per square yaidj on goods costing
over forty cents, thirty-five per cent. The pro-
posed duty is four cents per squ.ue yard, and
tini ty per cent, when the cost is under forty cents
per square yard, and four emits pet square ytiid
and thnty-five per cent, when the cost is over
flnly cents. Thus, gold at 90, an article costing
twopenee sterling, oi four cents, would, if twenty-
three inches wide, pay a duty of—
iJ<'f cent. Prr cent. Present duty
ni gold. in cun enaj. in currency.
93 177 Xl-l pei cent.
Costing JI 70 9U
  Atl, 60 114 87 '<
" 5d. 54 U« 80 14
•' Ud. 4J 70 "
« I2J. 40 7f> 6u> £;
l.'Vj, oozing over 40 rent-. 4 1 put cent, in gold, or $1 per
cent, in ounency, overCC^ per eerit.
I merely mention these facts to show the ex-
traordimuily high rates proposed on the articles
ieferiei-1 to by the gentleman from Iowa. The
duty on these articles should be less than on arti-
cles of greater luxury. 1 therefore hope that the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Vermont will
not be adopted, in order that 1 may renew the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. I move further to amend the
paragraph by sinking out, in line eighty-five,
u foui" and inserting " three;" so as to make the
clause read:
On all goods of similar description, if .stained, colored,
or printed, not exceeding in value the sum of foity cent*
per square j-ard, three cents per square yaid.
I do that for thejmrpose of stating to the com-
mittee upon information which has been furnished
to me, and which I have examined with what care
I could, the difference which the Committee of
Ways andMeans in their report of this bill make
between the lower and higher grades of goods.
■ Now, sir, as the bill was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways'and Means the duties upon the
different grades of goods comparatively are about
as follows, taking them at steiling cost:
Goods costing twopence pel- yard would pay a
duty 0f92{ per cent, in gold, which in currency,
at the present rate of premium, would amount to
about 182| per cent.
Goods that cost threepence per pound sterling
would pay 70 per cent, in gold or 133 per cent, in
currency.
The grade of goods costing fourpence per yard
sterling would pay a duty of 60 per cent, in gold
or 114 per ccnt. m currency.
The grade costing fivepence per yard pays a
duty of 54 per cent, m gold or 102g per cent, in
currency.
The grades costing eightpence sterling per yard
pay a duty of 50 per cent, in gold or 95 per cent,
in currency.
Those costing ninepence sterling per yard pay
a duty of 43 per cent, in gold or fc51£ per cent, in
currency.
Those costing twelve pence sterling per yard
pay a duty of 40 per cent, in gold or 75 per cent,
in currency.
Those costing thirteen pence sterling per yard
pay a duty of 44 per cent, in gold oro3| in cur-
rency.
Those which cost eighteen pence in gold pay
a duty of 42 per cent, in gold or 80 per cent, m
currency.
It will be seen, therefore, that the higher grades
of goods used by the wealthier classes pay a much
lower comparative rate of duty than the lower
grades used by the pooler classes. Unless some
amendment such as I have proposed is adopted,
the bill will, in respect to these articles at any
rate, make a discrimination against the poor and
in favor of the rich of nearly one half the rate
imposed.
Mr. MORRILL. I recognize the validity of
the argument of the gentleman from Iowa. So
far as I am concerned, at least, I have always en-
deavored to provide that the lowest grades of
goods should pay the lowest rates of duty. The
gentleman, however, will perceive in the preced-
ing paragraph that we have levied a duty of four
cents per yard upon these goods when they are
gray or uncolorecl or cost less than forty centsper
square yard. We ought of course to retain an
equal specific rate of duty on the colored or
printed goods.
Then 1 desire to say further that we have pro-
vided, when we come to the acl valorem duties,
that the highei-pucid goods shall pay a higher
rate of duties. Then, how will they stand if the
section is allowed to remain as itnowis? These
higher grades of goods will pay a specific duty
amounting to fifty per cent, more than the lowest,
and an ad valorem duty of five per cent. more. I
think that ought to satisfy my friend from Iowa.
If gentlemen, however, will examine the articles
these provisions apply to, now before me, I do
not believe there will be any objection to the rates
of duties we have provided.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make it 3| cents per yard instead of
3 cents. I do it for the purpose of answering the
argument of the gentleman from Vermont; The
gentleman has told us that a higher rate of duty
is imposed on the finer articles than on the lower
grades, and has called attention to the ad valorem
duty imposed. Now, the gentleman had juyt be-
fore called our attention to the fact that in prac-
tice these ad valorem duties amounted to very lit-
! tie, inasmuch as they are evaded by the importei s;
I so that it matters mot whether they are high or
low.
Then, again, the amendment which the gentle-
man made to the preceding paragraph should be
amended to meet the modification 1 have pro-
posed to the section under consideration, by mak-
ing the duty 3 cents instead of 4 cents, it does
seem to me that there ought to be a discrimination
! between these lower and higher grades of goods.
