698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
reported the bill and recommended its passage the
Senate by a unanimous vote adopted it, but it did'
.not pass the other House for want of time. Then
it was brought up again, and notwithstanding the
Senator from Indiana reminded the Senate that it
was a proper case for the Court of Claims, the
Senate directed it to go to the Committee on
Claims; and now the Senator,from Connecticut
urges, in spiteofthis action,that itshallgo to the
Court of Claims, which will have the effect ne-
cessarily to delay it one year. Mr. Brown is out
of the wagons and needs the money. He is a
mechanic. The Senator says that there are hun-
dreds and thousands of claims just as honest as
this.
Mr. GRIMES. Was Sawtelle before your
committee?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; but the Quartermaster
General was called upon by the committee to fur-
nish any evidence or reasons which the Govern-
ment had in its possession why the wagons were
not paid for, and he furnished these two contra-
dictory reports of Mr. Sawtelle, and that was all
tijp evidence he laid before us.
The Senator from Connecticut says then; are
hundreds of thousands of dollars justas honestly
due as this that the Governmentowes. I am not
surprised to hear it. When a claim like this is
made the subject of debate, of settled and fixed op-
position here day after day, I am not surprised to
hear that the Government has a great many honest
creditors whose claims have been delayed year
after year. But I want to say this, and I think
it is the last thing I shall say, that until the Gov-
ernment can deny such a reproach  s that, it will
not have the credit that a fair and honest Govern-
ment ought to have. While Senators can stand up
here, so long as they are enabled to stand up here,
and say as the Senator from Connecticut does, that
there are hundreds of thousands of dollars due
from the Government to honest ci editors who are
deterred from coming here with their claims, the
Government will not have the credit it ousrht to
hsfce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Clmir desires
to say that the Senator from Connecticut first in-
formally moved to refer the bill to the Court of
Claims, and oil that the yens and nays are ordered.
The Chair regards this as the same motion re-
duced to writing.
Mr. TRUM HULL. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment, and that without going into any
discussion of the meiits of this claim, but I wish
to submit to the Senator from California who made
the point that this was a clear case, and saw no
reason why it should be referred to the Court of
Claims, that if he acts upon that principle it in-
volves the examination of every claim brought
against the Government, because we cannot de-
termine whether it is a just claim or not till we
investigate it, and if we go into the investigation
tuid find it is a just claim, then we are to pay it.
Mr. CONNI^SS. TheSenator will permitme.
I did not say that this was such a ease. I predi-
cated what I did say upon that subject on the
recommendation of the chtuimun of the Commit-
tee 011 Claims. I simply s kl this: that where
cases were shown upon investigation to be clear
and unquestionable, it was hard then to compel
the parties to them to prosecute them against the
Government in the Court of Claims, and that only
the class of claims should be sent there which car-
ried some doubt with them or which were uncer-
tain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So I understood the Sen-
ator; and does in; not see that that involves an
investigation of every claim here? llow is he to
know whether there is some doubt about a claim
until he examines it?
Mr. COYNESS. 1 spoke of those already ex-
amined. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. This has been examined, !
and the committee having reported in its favor ;
the 'Senator assumes that this is a proper claim to
be paid. Every claim that a committee reported
in Itivor of would be entitled to the same pre-
sumption as this, if he places it on the ground of 1
a report ot a committee.
This may be a proper claim to be allowed. I ■
will not undertake to say it is not; about that there !
is a contianety of opinion; but it does seem to I.
me that if we have a Coutt of Claims for the ill- 1
vestigation of claims we should send all claimskof li
which it has jurisdiction before it. Is there any il
doubt that the Court of Claims would have juris-
diction of this case? I do not understand that
there is. If there is not, why should it not go
there ? 1 think that the Court of Claims is a great
deal safer upon general principles to investigate
claims against the Government than a committee
of Congress; and I mean no disparagement to our
committees by this remark, and I do not mean
that it shall apply to this particular case.
The reason that I think the court safer than a
committee is this: the court is provided with at-
torneys whose duty it is to attend to the interests
of the Government; the court takes testimony on
both sides, and the witnesses are cross-examined,
and the case is presented there as it is presented
in other judicial tiibunals. Before a committee
of Congress affidavits are received; the statement
of the petitioner is received, and our experience
is that many unjust claims have passed through
Congress on the reports of committees m their
favor, because the committees had but a super-
ficial view of the ease; they saw but one side of
it. If you allow a party to make his own case,
bring in ex parte testimony, and take no pains to
obtain counter testimony, or to ascertain the facts
from other sources than such as he presents, he
will almost always make a good ease.
Now, do not understand me as applying that
to this case. I am speaking upon general prin-
ciples, and I shall vote for The proposition of the
Senator from Connecticut upon the ground that
we have established a Court of Claims, which I
believe is saving to this Government millions of
dollars every winter. Millions of dollars arc saved
by the investigations that the court makes which
would be obtained from the Government on ex
parte testimony without the investigation which
the claims are subjected to in that tribunal. Hav-
ing such a court, 1 think we should refer all the
claims of which it has jurisdiction to it for adju-
dication; and hence I shall vote upon thatgeneial
principle to refer this claim there, and it is no
argument to me to say that this claim is a just
claim. Every claimant says he has a justcliiim;
and if we are to investigate it heie to ascertain
whether it be a just chum or not, then we are
doing that very thing which the Court of Claims
was organized to relieve us of.
I ti ust that the resolution offered by the Senator
from Connecticut will prevail, because if we en-
tei tain jurisdiction m this case we set a precedent
which is to compel us hereafter to examiueclaims,
and whenever a clam} shall be presented here from
any source and a Senator shall say that it is ajust
claim and u clear case, we must look into it to see
if it be so, and if it be so we must pass upon it
without referring it to the. Couit of Claims, be-
cause that reference would occasion delay and put
the party to the necessity of employing counsel.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that there is a
good deal more in this ease than the mere ques-
tion of paying Mr. Brown forthe wagons which,
it is said, he has made for the Government. We
virtually rebuke one of the officers of this Gov-
ernment by the passage of the bill, taken in con-
nection with the declarations that hiue been made
by the Senator Aoni Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] in
regard to Colonel Sawtelle, or Major Sawtelle, or
whatever his rank may be. We say to (he world
in effect that that man has been attempting to per-
petrate a great injustice on a Government con-
tractor; that in his capacity as an inspector of
Army wagons he has done a great wrong; and it
ts upon that ground that the appeal is made to us
to pass this bill, instead of sending it to the Court
of Claims, there to have the question determined
whether Colonel Sawtelle acted properly or im-
properly.
What is ^oingto be the effect of such action as
that by the Senate and by the House of Represent-
atives in legard to the operations of our armies?
Does not every sensible man in the country know
that a great many of the disasters to our arms have
been caused by defects in wagons? Put one of
the kind of wagons which Colonel Sawtelle de-
sciibcd, and supposed these to be, at the head of
a vast wagon tiaiii, such wagon trains as are now
moving across Mississippi, extending sixteen
miles in length, and over a poor road and in a
narrow way; the defects in one wagon at the head
ot the train may cause the loss of the whole train
and bring disaster to our arms. 1 am not in favor
of passing this bill without giving Colonel Saw-
telle and the oiliceft of the Ai my who are charged
with the very responsible duty of inspecting wag-
ons an oppoitunity to be heard before the Court
of Claims.
As the Senator from Oregon has well said, the
inducements are all in favor of the claimant,and
if the officer was influenced by anything extra-
neous and improper the result would not have
been in favor of the Government. I cannot con-
ceive it possible that Colonel Sawtelle attempted
to perpetrate a great act of injustice on Mr.
Brown. And as to the extraordinary disciepan-
cies between the two reports made by Colonel
Sawtelle alluded toby the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, they do not strike me as anything very ex-
traordinary.
It does not strike me as anything very extraor-
dinary that Colonel Sawtelle having inspected
forty Army wagons, and seeing sixty more on
the same pattern, that had arrived on a train and
were yet unloaded, should express the general
opinion to his commanding officer, the Q.uarter-
inasterCeneral, that he was satisfied none of them
were lit for Army puiposes.
I wish the Senate to bear in mind that while
we may be doing justice to Mr. Brown bypassing
the bill we may also be doing a great injustice
to Colonel Sawtelle and to the Army and to the
country by passing it in the way and manner in
which it is attempted to be passed. The whole
question ought to be referred to the Court of
Chums,and there let the Government be heard
as well as Mr. Brown and his attorneys.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot permit what the Sen-
ator from Iowa has said to pass unnoticed, be-
cause it might be inferred from his remarks that
the committee were willing to do injustice to Col-
onel Sawtelle or Major Sawtelle,
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so.
Mr. CLARK. I did not say that the Senator
said so; I said that it might be inferred from his
remarks. Now 1 desire to state that before this
case was examined at all by the committee they
sent to the quartermaster's department to know
what the department had to say why the claim
should not be paid. The department sent to the
committee these two reports of Colonel or Major
Sawtelle, and nothing else. Since the case has
been under consideration at the present session,
Colonel or Major Sawtelle has been in this city;
he has been here within a week; and instead of
coming before the committee and saying that he
had any reason in the world why the claim should
not be paid, he has kept entirely away.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator' permit me
to ask him whether or not the committee have had
Colonel Sawtelle before them, or have attempted
to secure his attendance? I know he is in the
city; he has been about the city for a long time.
Mr. CLARK. We have not attempted to se-
cure his attendance, for when we saw him button-
holing Senators and calling them out one after
another and talking'at the door, we supposed he
had nohce of what was going on.
Mr. FOSTER.. Will the Senator pardon me
for a word ?
Mr. CLARK. Ccitainly,
Mr. FOSTER. In connection with the remark
the Senator has just made, I wish to say that
after the first discussion in the Senate upon this
report, I went to the Quartermaster General,
General Meigs, and asked if Colonel Sawtelle was
in town. He told me that he was. Colonel Saw-
telle was a stranger to me, and \ asked as a favor
that the Quartermaster General would order him
to come up here and call me out, as I wanted to
sec him. The Gtuaitcruiaster Greneial said he
would send a message to Colonel Sawtelle, direct-
ing him to come up here. Ho has come, and,as
he said, in compliance with a direction from his
chief, General Meigs, and I have conversed with
him. That, I suppose, is a part of the button-
holing to which the honorable Senator alludes.
The^officer came here because I requested his
chief to send him here to see me.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order. 1
yielded for a vote, and not for a Ions; debate.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It is not in the power
of the Chair to stop debate. The Senator yielded
the floor unconditionally.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that X have
never seen Colonel Sawtelle. I do not know him
from Adam. He has never button-holed me.
Mr. NESMITH. 'Che Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me to say that Colonel Saw-
