1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
telle never called me out, but I called for him at
his office to make inquiry about this matter.
Mr. CLARK. I do not see any occasion for
all this. I did not say that the Senator from Con-
necticut had been applied to 
Mr. FOSTER. No, but the charge was that
Colonel Sawtelle had been to us. It happens to
be the other way; we went after him.
Mr. CLARK. Let me ask, are these all the
Senators in the Senate? I did not say that the
Senator from Iowa was applied to or the Senator
from Oregon or the Senator from Connecticut.
They are but three out of about fifty. But one
thing is shown by these statements, that Colonel
Sawtelle was sentfor and had notice of the whole
thing, and did not choose to come before the com-
mittee and say a word to the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. This has been since the bill
was reported by the committee to the Senate after
it passed out of the committee's hands.
Mr. CLARK. But why not come to the com-
mittee and say, " You have made a mistake; let
me show it to you." The Government were noti-
fied and had nothing to say.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Foster, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Buekalew, Davi<, Dixon,Doohttle,Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hardin?, Harlan, Harris, MeDougall. Motrin,
Nosmith, Powell, Sherman, Spi ague, Ten Eyck,Trumbull,
and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Foot, Halo, llendncks llowaul, Howe, Johnson, Limf of
Indiana, Lane of Kan-as, Morrill, JPomeroy, Iiam-ey,
bury, riunmer, Vau Winkle, Wado, Wilkinson,and Willey
—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Cleik, announced (hat
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 51) amendatory of and sup-
plementary to "An act to provide circuit courts
for the distiicts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 18U3.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed a joint resolution
(No. 35) of thanks of Congress to the volunteer
soldiers who have reenlistud in the Army; in
which it requested the eoncurience of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and
signed on the ]3ih instant the following bills:
A bil! (H. R. No. 144) to indemnify the own-
ers of the British schooner Glen; and
A bill (II. 11. No. 225) making an appropria-
tion for rebuilding the stable at the President's.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 122) to increase the internal revenue, and
for other purposes,andaskeda conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
third, fifteenth, and sixteenth amendments of the
Senate to the said bill; and had appointed Mr.
Eliiiu B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr. Thad-
deus Stlvens> of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Fer-
nando Wood of New York, managers at the same
on its part.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 33) of thanks of Con-
gress to the volunteer soldieis who have icon*
listed in the Ai my, was icad twice by us title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now bcfoie the body, being the joint resolu-
tion (S. Nft. 23) to equalize the pay of soldiers
in the United States Army.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a philosopher
and a poet once published a couplet:
" For forms of government let fools contest;
That winch j-s bust administered is he^t."
There is more truth and philosophy than poetry
in that couplet. In point of excellence and per-
fection of form there is no Government on earth
that ever had existence which is equal to ours;
but in its administration at this time i believe that
it is one of the most oppressive and grinding that
now exist. I think it is practically a military
despotism. There is no constitutional provision,
there is no law of Congress, there is no constitu-
tion or law of a State but what crumbles in its
presence and at its touch.
The Constitution of the United States estab-
lishes the judicial department of the Government.
It refers all questions of a judicial character,
whether arising under the Constitution or the law,
to that department for its decision. There is no
right of the citizen, whether it be personal, ap-
pertaining to his life and his liberty or his prop-
erty, but what is legitimately the subject of the
inquiry and judgment of the judicial department
of the Government. Out in this day of usurpa-
tion of power and of practical revolution these
provisions of the Constitution and the law are
wholly disregarded; and the President of the
United States, under a claim of military necessity,
repudiates and sweeps away the whole Constitu-
tion and all the laws of Congress, and all the
civil tribunals appointed by the Constitution and
law for their enforcement, and in their stead ho
substitutes, by his own arbitrary will, military
courts, and makes (he indefinite and indefinable
law of their own will the lule of their proceed-
ings, actions, and judgments, instead of the ordi-
nary and civil law by which to adjudge and pun-
ish the citizen.
Thcie is no man who^e rights are safe from the
assaults of the Government of the United States
at this time. There is no man whose property
is not subject to be taken from him by the arbi-
trary action of some subordinate mihtai y officer,
without compensation, without any proper in-
quiry for the purpose of deciding whether there
is a state of case in which such power may be
rightfully exercised. Therejs no provision made
by law to remunerate the owner of property for
that which was thus arbiirauly taken from him.
The writ of habeas corpus is suspended; and on
that point I will remark that the only proper ef-
fect of it is to prevent the citizen from having that
summary and ex parte examination of his case that
is incident to the return and to the hearing of the
writ. The suspension of the wiit does not prop-
el iv airest or suspend or ohsfiuct the leiial trial
by the proper civil court, winch every citizen is
entitled to have according to the guaiantee of the
Constitution; and any courts which lend them-
si Ives to the pui pose of suspend mg the due ad-
luiiiisiMMon of the law by refusing such tuals,
make themselves criminally subservient to the
same usurpation of power.
Ther" is no citizen of the United States, even
in the loyal States, but what is subject, at all
times, to be ariestedat any hour of the day or the
night, without any process issued out according
to the requisitions of the Constitution, without
any charge of offense or crime, without its being
communicated to him what is the cause of hisar-
lest; and he is subject to be dragged from his
home to distant prisons, and there to be indefi-
nitely confined in a dungeon without any protec-
tion or redress.
Sir, under our form of constitutional govern-
ment, and of its limited and restricted jurisdiction,
in addition to the abuses which 1 have enumer-
ated, all the State laws of every State, loyal as
well as disloyal, are subject to be superseded by
the aibitrary will of the Piesident and his military
subordinates; comts are deposed; judges aie
dnvenfiom their halls; ministerial oili'cers With
process in their hands are inteidietod irom mak-
ing execution of them; and armed men invade the
courts {bribe purpose of suppi essmg the due ex-
ecution of law and defeating the protection which
it should vouchsafe to every citizen.
Sir, not only all this abuse; but when the wave
of rebellion is driven back from some of the State*,
and our conquering armies have taken or aic
about to take undisputed possession of those re-
conquered States, the Piesident of the United
States assumes the unconstitutional and dictato-
rial power to prohibit those Statesfrom returning
to the Union under their constitutions and laws.
He imposes upon them conditions which he has
no moie authority or power to impose than you
or I have, and he lequires that these conditions
shall be complied with by their people before they
shall bu admitted to th'-ir coitsutuuonal rights as
States of this Confederacy, and the people of those
States to the protection, the rights, and the lib-
erties guarantied to them by the Federal Consti-
tution and laws and their own States'constitu-
tions and laws.
Sir, under the impression produced upon* ray
mind by this hasty and imperfect review, I come"
to the conclusion, and I here declare in my place
my solemn conviction, that the despotists of Rus-
sia or of Austria is not so oppressive, so galling,
and so grinding as the military despotism that is
novy in full operation in the United States. This
military despotism has been but partially exe-
cuted. Reelect the incumbent who now fills the
presidential chair, or elcct a man of the same or
more extreme principles and policy, and youthen
confirm by the vote and by the majesty of the peo-
ple of the United States the present usurpations
of those in power, their assumptions of that enor-
mous and tyrannical amount of power that never
was intended to be, and never was in fact, dele-
gated to them by the fratriers of the Constitution,
and which if it had been proposed would have
produced a prompt rejection by that body unani-
mously, I have no doubt, if it had not broken up
the body itself without accomplishing its work.
Sir, what said, as reported in the papers, our
Secretary of State to the British minister, Lord
Lyons? " My lord, I can touch a bell on my right
hand and order the arrest of a citizen of Ohio;
I can touch the bell again and order the impris-
onment of a citizen of New York; and no power
on eat th except that of the President can release
him. Can the Queen of England do as much?"
No, sir; nor the Emperor Napoleon, nor the Em-
peror Alexander, nor any other potentate of the
eai'th, can enact the same despotism that is ex-
pressed m this brief but most true and most ter-
rible picture of aibitrary power.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from Kentucky when such remarks were
made by the Secretary of State?
Mr. DAVIS. I have just stated that all I know
about it is its publication in the newspapers.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator deem that
sufficient authority on which to present such a
statement to the Sennte?
Mr. DAVIS. I should be gratified to find that
it was not true; but if it was not true I should,
suppose theSecierary of State would contradict it.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 leave the Senator him-
self to decide whether it, is not more proper to find
out that a statement is true before he quotes it
m the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Here is the report of a most ex-
traordinary declaration by the Secretary of State
to the ministerof.tho first Power on earth accred-
ited to our Government. This declaration is pub-
lished in the papers, and, so far as I know and
have understood, it never has been contradicted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask if the Senator from
Kentucky 
Mr. DAVIS. Let me proceed, if you please.
Make a memoiandum of your questions, and pre-
sent them to me when 1 get through. I would
rather answer them altogether.
Mr. ANTHONY. The only question I wish
to ask is whether the Senator himself is in the
habit of contradicting the remaiks he finds in the
newspapers about luinsdf, or are we to believe
everything that we see about him in the papers
which he does not contradict?
Mr. DAVIS, if I were Secietary of State, and
such a remark*as that were made about my com-
munications to Lord Lyons, the British minister,
and it was not true, I certainly would contra-
diet it.
But, Mr. President, I proceed now in the line
of my remarks. It is not my purpose to occupy
any more time than is necessary, and 1 do not
wish to trouble the Senate again at any length.
I know the Senate are weary with hearing me,
and, to acknowledge the God's tiuth,! am begin-
ning to be really weaned of hearing myself.
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, when I yielded the floor yester-
day 1 had advanced to that stage in the history
and the progress of action by the great State of
Massachusetts when she had reversed all her for-
mer principles and positions. And now jet me
read of some public action and resolves of that
State in suppoit of this new and most extraordi-
nary, unconstitutional, illegal, and unjust policy
upon which she has entered with so much vim.
