na
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 25,
38th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Internal Revenue—Mr. Frank.
Ho. of Reps.
slavery be destroyed and the cotton-gin doubled
in value.
<• Jove has fixed it certain, that whatever day
Makes man a &iave takes half his worth away."
If four million negroes were worth $3,000,000,-
000 as slaves, they will be worth $6,000,000,000
as freemen. Take that immense wealth from the
hands of your mortal enemies and double it in
the hands of your immortal friends.
Now, Mr. President, \ must not close without
remarking that all slaveholders have not partici-
pated in the guilt of this rebellion. I know thaf
very well; and if there is any class of loyal men
to whom I am more grateful for their loyalty than
another class, it is that class which has been true
to the Constitution and true to the flag, not-
withstanding the incumbrances of slaveholding.
Wherever you find me a man who, in spite of his
being a slaveholder, has proved true to the Con-
stitution, I can tell you the fitting epitaph to put
upon his tombstone whenever he dies, and such
men 1 hope will be very slow to die: place upon
his tombstone the epitaph thatin spite of slavery
he was found true to the principle of Democracy
during the great struggle of 1861.
Looking'at this proposed amendment, there-
fore, as a matter of justicc to the slave, asameas-
uio of expediency to the master, as a measure of
necessity to the nation, I give all my cneigiesand
all my aspirations to the adoption of it, and it will
be adopted. It will be adopted, let me tell the
Senate here, by the vote of every State in the
Union. All the free States of the Union have
already abolished slavery within their limits.
There are the States of Delaware, of Missouri,of
Kentucky, and of Maryland, which still hold to
some form of slavery and hold true to the Con-
stitution. I heard the Senator from Illinois the
other day express some doubt as to whether Del-
aware anil Kentucky would agree to this amend-
ment. Sir, f undertake to say that both Sfates
will agiee to it. The State of Delaware refuse to
emancipate her few slaves in a time like this,
when the nation wants them, and when the nation
wants to deprive the rebellion of so large a force
.;s it hns in slavery 1
Mr. SAULSBdRY. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Ceitainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. i wish to nak the Sena-
tor whether he is willing to amend the joint reso-
lution now before the Senate providing for the
adoption of this amendment of the Constitution,
by declaring that it shall not be lawful for the
Federal Government or any person in the employ-
ment of the Federal Government to use the mili-
tary power lor the purpose of securing the adop-
tion of the amendment, or in any manner inter-
fering with the fieedom of election in the State of
Maryland and the State of Kentucky, when that
proposition shall come before us, wo as to give
them a fair oppoitumty toexpus.s their wishes
on the suhjeef.
Mr. UOVVE. I am not sure 1 understand the
question.
Air. SAULSBURY. I will explain to the Sen-
ator ngam. This is a proposition to amend the
Constitution of the United States by the vote of
tin- people of the States.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, mi.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wirdi to know whether
the Senator and those who act with him are will-
ing to have an amendment made to this resolu-
tion that the military of the United States shall
not be used to interfere with the freedom of elec-
tions,when the people of Delaware, Mary land, and
Kentucky shall pass upon the question; whether
the people may be free to act without anv influ-
ence or intimidation.
Air. IXOVYE. I understand the question. Yes,
Mr. President, show me that there i>s any danger
uf the military controlling the elections of Dela-
ware and Mai yland and Kentucky, and I am will-
ing to put any statute upon the "books that yon
want to prevent that. I do not want an election
in those States oranyStatc controlled by military
force, and with my consent u never shall be had.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One other remark. 1 say
to the Senator that the military did control the last
special election in Delaware; that they attempted
Jo do it in the election preceding; and I see from
tile papers that Gencial Wallace mfisnateb 'try
distinctly that he will have something to do with
the approaching election in Maryland.
Mr. HOWE. Whether in paint of fact the
military did control the election in Delaware or
Maryland, I cannot stop now to inquire. I have
occupied a great deal more time tKan 1 intended.
I heard the argument of the Senator from Dela-
ware on that point the other day. He did not
satisfy me as to the fact that they had controlled
the election in either of those States,oranywhere;
but I undertake to say there is abundant law now
upon the statute-books of every one of your States
to correct any such wrongas that. Youonly want
to enforce existing laws, and no military officer
has any such power as is said to be exerted.
Mr. SAULSBURY. One other remark. I will
ask the Senator whether, if we were to attempt
to enforce our State laws so that the electors should
have a free exercise of their right on the day of
the election, and it became necessary to repel the
force sent by orders from the War Department to
interfere with our election, he and those with whom
he acts would not proclaim that we were guilty of
acts of treason in resisting interference with our
rights by the militaiy.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, whenever the
courts of Delaware issue a writ in the name of
the State of Delaware; whenever the supreme au-
thority of that State issues a precept to correct
any right, to redress any wrong, it will be obeyed
beyond all manner of question. At some time I
may have occasion to speak upon these allega-
tions of usurpation and tyranny urged against
the present Administration. I cannot stop to do
it now; I have another chore on hand; hut I want
to say once more that the Stale of Delaware will
not le&ist this amendment; the State of Delaware
will adopt this amendment; her people will adopt
it in the exercise of their flee judgment. The
Senator i'mni Delaware shakes his head. 1 do
not know but that he will oppose the amendment;
that he will advise the people of Delaware not to
adopt it; but his advice will not prevail, I humbly
trust and I humbly believe. Undertake to per-
suade that little State of Delaware not to enfran-
chise her few slaves when all therestof the Union
are crying for it! Dame Paitmgton, Mr. Presi-
dent, standing on the beach of the Atlantic trying
to put back Hs waves with her mop, would be a
model of practical sagacity compared with the
Senator from Delaware, if he should stand on the
borders of that little State and undertake to per-
suade her not to let the deluge of freedom, which
God has commanded to sweep the continent, How
over that little patch of His pasture.
Delaware will adopt the amendment, and so
will Kentucky. 1 heard it, said the oilier day
that it was a intle doubtful whether Kentucky
would adopt this amendment. Sir, Henry Clay
sleeps in Kentucky, 1 am told. Let her people
reject this proposition to amend the Constitution
under the pressure of this great national neces-
sity, and they would see the bones of the great
hero use fiom his grave and stalk indignantly
from the holders; they would not test there any
longer. Kentucky will adopt this amendment.
Eveiy State will adopt it. 1 know that there are
eleven States which have deelaied themselves in-
dependent of this Constitution and of ail amend-
ments to it. What arc you going to do with
them? It its a question that ought to be consid-
ered. I have considered it for two or three years.
There are those Territories and communities
of peoplo. They are States, or they are not.
If they are States they aie going to pass upon
this amendment, and every man who votes is
going to vote for the amendment m everyone
of them, if they aie not States they aie nut to
be counted,and theyare notgoing to vote. It is
a question that you ought to settle. In my judg-
ment, there are no American States there. J say
that freely. 1 do not stop now to argue it. Decide
the matter as you wi-l: jf they are Slat's they
are going to vole upon this amendment,and they
are going to \ote for it: every man who votes at
all upon it will vote to adnpt the amendment. If
they are not States t-hey are not to vote upon it,
and their votes are not to be counted, and you
still have a unanimous verdict from the States of
the American Union in favoi of this amendment
to the Constitution.
Mr. President, I ha', c occupied the attention of
the Senate too long. One thing more I wanted
to say. I think your amendment should go fur-
ther than as 1 understand it docs. I think that
when the American people command that these
persons shall be free, they should command that
they he educated, or at least that there be no laws
enacted in any State to prevent their education.
I quoted from what I callpd the lower law a little
while ago; I quoted that precept which I believe
you will find there which says, as I read it, that
the State which educates its people and docs not
enfranchise them shall be damned. I want to
quote one other commandment from the same
code, and it is this, that the State which enfran-
chises its people and does not educate them shall
be doubly damned, and I conclude with that quo-
tation.
INTERNAL "REVENUE.
REMARKS OF HON. AUG. FRANK,
OF NJ5W YOUK,
In the House of repniisenf atives,
Monday, JUpril 25, 1864.
The Hou«fi resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union,and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, See., commencing with section ninety-seven.
Mr. FRANK. 1 move to strike out from line
eleven on page 136, down to the word '* cents" in
line thirty-four on page 137, as amended, as fol-
lows:
Fur each gale of not exceeding one hundred shares of
stock, or less when the par value ia $100, one dollar; ex-
ceeding one hundred shares, for eveiy additional one hun-
dred shares or fractional part thereof, at the rale of one dollar
for one hundred shares; when the par value exceeds §100
per share, so much thereof as at the par value shall amount
to a sum not exceeding $10,(100, one dollar; exceeding the
sum of $iO.OOJ, for eveiy additional $>10,l>00 or fractional
pmi theiooty one dollar; tor each one hundred slmies of
.stock, or ie^s when the par v.ilue it* fifty dollars, twentj-
live cents-; exceeding one hundied shares, for every addi-
tional one hundied shares or iracuonal pait thcreot, at the
late of one dollar toi one hundied siiarea; lor each sale of
gold andMivei bullion, ste  ling exchange, uncuiienlmom y,
piombsory notes,stock*,bond--,ot other secuitue-. not ( x-
ceedtng the sum of $10,000, one dollar; exceed msi the mUiu
of $10,000, for eveiy additional $10,000 orliactional pan
theieoi, one dollar.
And to insert in lieu theicof the following;
Upon all sales of stocks, bonds, goid and silver bullion
and com, t-teihng exchange, piomiss-oiy note", or other se-
curities, one t< nth ot one per cent, on the amount ot *uch
sales, and ol all eontiacts fur such sales.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment because
I think it is the general opinion of this House that
the tax proposed by the Committee of Waysand
Means on sales of stocks and bonds is altogether
too small. The amendment olFercd by the y<.n-
tleman who has charge of the bill makes the tax
one hundredth of one percent.; a mere nothing.
The amendment which has been read by the Clerk
makes the tax one tenth of one per cent, on the
dollar. The man who purchases $1,000 of stock
or bonds legitimately can well affoid to pay a dol-
lar to the Government. To the men who seli and
buy laige amounts of stock from day to day in
the market possibly it might be a large tax; 1
grant that it would be; but the emergency of the
case and the necessity of the Government are such
that parties who deal in stocks can well afford to
pay a large tax. It is well known to us all that
we must be taxed. I ask any genileman of this
House if it is not a fairer proposition to put a tax
upon these sales of stock than upon the lands or
other property of the country?
The tax I propose to impose would yield a rev-
enue of five or ten mill ion dollars and perhaps fif-
teen millions. It will work no haidbhip upon
any man who purchases stocks legitimately, hav-
ing the money to pay at the time of purchase. If
it be said that it would work hardship on those
who deal in stocks from day to day, the " bulls"
and " bears" who make their " corners."I would
simply remark that I think it would be for the
best interests of the country if all that business
could be blotted out. I believe that if we are to
have a panic in this country in our financial af-
fairs it will grow out of the operations of these
stock dealers, 1 believe that if the effect of this
tax should be to cut up that entire part of the bus-
iness by the roots it would be for the benefit of
the country. 1 hope my amendment will beunan-
' imously supported.
