1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
as the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
proposed to give this bill repealing u yesterday,
setting at naught the speed of raihoads and steam-
boats. It could be likened only to the magnetic
telegraph—repealing laws by electricity:
a Wednesday, January 1C, 1793.
il The Senate resumed the consideration of the report of
the committee on lite bill inspecting fugitives from justice
and persons escaping from the service of their masters, and
the amendments proposed ; and, after progress,
"Tne Senate adjourned until eleven o'clock to-morrow
morning."
"Thursday, January 17, 1793.
"The Senate resumed the consideration of the report of
the committee on the biM respecting fugitives from justice
and person* ocnpingfiom thObervice ot their masters; and
having amended the lepoit, it was adopted, and agreed that
the bill he amended acooujingly.
" Ordered, That the bill pass t  the third reading."
""Friday, January 18, 1793.
"ThebiH respecting"fugitives from justice and persons
escaping front the seiviceof their masters was lead the
third time; and, being further amended,
" On motion
"To strike out $500, for the purpose of inserting a less
sum, in section Unnth, the penally on ' any person who
Sshall knowingly and willingly obs-ti net oi In' der*uch claim-
ant, his agent or attorney, in so seizing or arresting such
fugitive from l.iboi, oi shall lescue such fugitive from such
claimant. In< agent of attorney j when soanested, puisuant
t-o the authority heiein given oi declared ; or shall harbor or
coneeal such person, alter notice that he or she was a fu-
gitive from lahoi as albies-aid:'
"It p.e^ed in tilc negative.
" Resoli'd, That this bill pass; that it he pngro«<?o<J; and
that the title thereof be 'An act respecting fugitives from
justice and peisons escaping iiom the sei vice ot their mas-
ter >
" Ordered, That the Secretary desire the concurrence of
the House of Representatives in this bill."
Mr. President, that is the record. That Mr.
Sherman and Mr. Ellsworth both voted for it 1
cannot aver; but the record shows every fact
which would induce us to believe that they did,
for there was no division, no dissenting voice.
That Mr. Ellsworth was present appears by the
record, for the next entry in the Journal is:
"Mi. Ellsworth, from the committee to whom was re-
feried the hill entitled fAu act to regulate the claims to in-
valid pensions,'repotted the bill with amendments, which
weie lead."
If Mr. Sherman and Mr. Ellsworth entertained
the views which the honorable Senator does in
regard to that bill they would not have sat by and
witnessed us passage without one word of oppo-
sition or asking a division of the Senate. I say
the record, therefore, is as complete and perfect,
going' to show that they both voted for that bill,
as though I had what the Senator asked for, the
yeas and nays, showing their names among the
yens.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
to wmind him that the record does not show
whether they spoke for or against the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. No; it does not.
Mr. SUMN £R. How can he say that both of
them did not speak against it?
Mr. FOSTER. Because neither of them voted
against it, and neither of them asked a division
of the Senate upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER, That does not follow.
Mr. FOSTER. " It does not follow," does it
not? "Who in this body ever opposed a bill on
the principle urged against this, and then, when
it was put upon its passage, said not one word
which should appear on the record, nor asked that
a division be had or the yeas and nays ordered,
that it might be seen who was for and who was
against it?
Mr. SUMNER. It is done again and again,
and constantly.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator says it is done
again and again, and constantly. I iiave never
known it to be done. It may have been done; it
has .been done on some unimportant matter where
a man was alone or neai !y alone and did not care
about putting himself on the record. I agree men
may speak against a trivial bil] and not on the final
passage ask a division when they see there is an
overwhelming- vote against them.
Mr. SUMNER. That may have been the very
case here. Those two patriots from Connecticut
were already on record against slavery and may
have sa.d, their records weie perfectly ample,
they had spoken; they were known to beagainst
slavery; and they forbore to call the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FOSTER. That does not quite follow.
It does not answer the exigencies of the case.
Mr. Sherman and Mr. Ellsworth were not that
class of men who would allow a measure of this
sort, which is what the Senator calls a usurpa-
tion, a direct invasion of the Constitution, an un-
righteous, inhuman, barbarous law, to pass, and
rest silent and dumb upon the laurels wnich they,
had won opposing slavery. Where did they op-
pose slavery ? In the Convention, at home, abroad,
everywhere; and just as much, as I trust anil be-
lieve, in voting for this bill as in any other way.
It was but carrying out the provisions of the
Constitution as they believed, and therefore they
voted, as I believe, for the measure.
The other members of the Senate at that time
were eminent men. This it will be observed was
the Second Congress of the United States. Many
of the men in both branches of Congress were
fresh from the Convention that made the Consti-
tution. George Washington was President of
the United States. John Adams was Vice Presi-
dent. John Langdon was President pro tempore
of this body, and occupied the chairwhich you,
Mr. President, now fill. In the House of Ilep-
msentatives Jonathan Trumbull was Speaker.
James Hitlhouse was one of the members from
Connecticut. Other members, not unknown to
fame, sat there.
The bill was sent to the House. It passed that
body on the yeas and nays, and but seven men
voted against it, and those were not exclusively
northern or exclusively southern men. A por-
tion were from the Noith and a portion from the
South; one was from Virginia, one from Maryland,
the from Massachusetts and other States;
but there was no sectional and no party division
on that question. The voteagamstitin the House
of Representatives, consisting as I have said of
only seven men, on a yeaand nay vote, is abund-
ant evidence, to my mind, that nobody at that
day entertained any doubts about the constitu-
tionality of the measure, and it was almost a
unanimous opinion that it was the duty of,Con-
gress to pass such a law. Mr. President, I
cannot but consider a law of this kind passed
under these circumstances as having in some sort
the sanctity which belongs to the Constitution
itself. It is connected, certainly, with nn import-
ant provision of the Constitution. Shall we,
after more than seventy years,sitting in the seats
which those men occupied, deny to them what
we claim for ourselves, the power to understand
correctly the provisions of the Constitution which
their hands had made? Who are we, that wis-
dom has come to us which was denied to them?
I surely am not disposed to depieciate the men
of the present day, and least of all the honorable
and worthy men around me, for all of whom I
entertain feelings of the most unfeigned respect.
But, sir, who of us are desirous of instituting a
comparison between ourselves and the members
of the Senate of 1793? Others may speak for
themselves. However much of arrogance I may
possess or exhibit at certain times or on certain
occasions, I should shiink with unaffected mod-
esty from being compared with Roger Sherman
or Oliver Ellsworth.
This law of 1793 adopts the language of the
Constitution. It is a short bill containing only
four sections. The first two sections relate to
fugitives fiom justice; tiie other two to fugitives
from labor; and the expressions thatareused aie
identical With those used in the Constitution.
The third section of that act, which is the first
that refeis to the subject now in hand, reads thus:
'■'Br.c. 3. Jin J be it aho enacted, That when a person
held fo Uhoi in any of the United States, or in cither of
the Ten hones on the northwester south of ihe nvei Ohio,
under the laws thereof, shall escape into any other ot the
said States ot Tenitoty, the p; i-nn to whom mjcIi luboi or
ReiViCe may be dire, his uguit or attorney, is heicby em-
powei<"d to scizeoi aiifht <-uch fugitive horn laboi. and to
take linn oi liur befoie any jiuleeol thcciicuitordi^Uui
com is of liit1 United States, leading or being within the
State, or before any uiagi-tiate of a county, city, or town
coipoiatc, wherein such teizure oi.uie^t. shall be made,
and upon piooi to thet-atisiaei'on of such ormagis-
tratc, either by oial testimony or affidavit taken before and
certified by a magnate of any such Mate orTemtoiy, that
the pen-on to seized <;rarr< sted, doth, under the lawt. ot the
Slate orTenitoij hom which lie ot ^he fled, owe service
oi labor to the pei>on chimin;:] him or hei, it shall be the
duty of Mich judge or magistrate to give «icei tificato theieuf
to -sueh claimant, hi-> agent or attorney, which shall besut-
ficient wanant foi removing the said fugitive irom labor
to the State oi Terntoiy lioni which ne or the fled."
The terms employed in this section are the
terms of the Constitution, and if the Constitu-
tion itself (if I may be pardoned the expression)
is constitutional, that section must be considered^
constitutional also, so far at. least as the.descrip-
tiort of persons, is -concerned, . ItLis -true that* in:
that section power is igiven- to magistrates ap*
pointed bythe authority.,of 'the States,to act un-
der the law, and so far as that is concerned th« Su-
preme Court,in the casewhich has been referred
to, and which is so familiar, the case of ibe Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania against Prigg, held
that this l$w imposed no duties on such magis-
trates; thai those magistrates might act if they
pleased, unless Ihey were forbidden-fey the States,
which States had a right to forbid them. They
were not bound to act, aird<only magistrates cre-
ated by authority of the United States^ judges,
were required to act under the law, and all
State authorities were released from responsibil-
ity. That effectually relieved the free States from
any obligation in regard to t&$ law, and left the
curse and crime of.slavery to be borne and an-
swered for by the States who chose to continue it.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
yesterday in his discussion^ with the honorable
Senator from "Maryland-[Mr. Johnson] alluded
to the fact that ho trial by jury was provided in
this act, and therefore it was-unconstitutional.
If a trial by jury had been provided ,it would not,
as I understand thehonorableSenatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts, make the bill one whit more con-
stitutional than it now is; it would be just as
unconstitutional with a trial by jury provided as
it is without.
Mr. SUMNER. It would remove one objec-
tion to it.
Mr. FOSTER. "Itwould remove one objec-
tion to it;" but what difference' does it make in
this law to add that clause when with it, as well
as without it, it is still an unconstitutional act?
Mr. SUMNER. There is an army of objec-
tions behind that, of course.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator saya
there is an army of objections to it; and in that
state of things it seemed to me—the Senator will
pardon me—mere trifling to urge an objection
which if it did not exist would have made no
difference. If there is an army of objections be-
hind that one, why did the Senatorurge that and
leave out the rest of the army? . Put that in and
the law, in the judgment of the honorable Sen-
ator, is equally unconstitutional. Why, then, £
ask again, urge that as an argument against it?
The honorable Senator urged other arguments
why, as he says, all these laws regarding fugi-
tive slaves ought to be repealed. One was the
advantage that it would give our country in the
eyes offoreign nations; that we were now thought
ill of abroad in consequence of these laws, and if
we would repeal them we should place ourselves
right in the judgment of European nations, and
have much more sympathy, many more friends,
than we have at present. The honorable Sena-
tor, in the course of his elaboration of that argu-
ment, if such it may be called, asserted very em-
phatically that we did not know how great evils
wc were suffering abroad in consequence of the
non-repeal of these laws. I do not know what
sources of information are open to the honorable
Senator that are not open to the rest of us. He
has, 1 know, % very extensive correspondence
both with the continentof Europe and the island
of Great Britain, and undoubtedly has private
sources of information not possessed by many ot
us; certainly not by myself. But, sir, what is
the real vttlue, what is the weight of this argu-
ment as to the views and opinions of foreign na-
tions on this subject r Is it an argument fit to be
urged upon the Congress of the United States,
either for the enactment or repeal of a law affect-
ing our internal policy, that foreign nations will
be pleased or displeased? It is not tome. It
would not have had weight with me at any for-
mer time, and least of all at the present time.
How do we now stand toward European na-
tions generally, or rather how do they choose to
stand toward us? I am not disposed to go at
length into that question, and I would not if I
could say anything which would create animos-
ity or widen any breach which may now by pos-
sibility exist even in feeling between usand any for-
eign nation, but it is useless to shut our eyes to
the fact that the great commercial nations of Eu-
rope are looking and have been looking upon our
country for the past three years with the most de-
cided dislike and disfavor. For the people of that
