1804.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reciprocity Treaty—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. or Reps.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
SPEECH OF HON. P. W. KELLOGG,
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Representatives,
Maij 25, 1864.
The House having under consideration the joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Pies-ident to give the requisite notice
for terminating the treaty made with Gieat Butain on be-
half of the Hiitish provinces in North Ameiica, and to ap-
point commissioners, to negotiate a new treaty with the
Biitish Government, based upon the true principles of re-
ciprocity—
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not wish to consume the
time of the House this morning, and shall be brief
in what I have to say on the question before us,
but I cannot be altogether silent when my con-
stituents are so deeply interested in the decision
which we may come to on the joint resolution
now under consideration. The fifth article in the
reciprocity treaty provides that should either
party be dissatisfied with it at any future time
they may, at the expiration of ten years from its
ratification, abrogate it altogether by giving one
year's notice; of a desire to do se. The resolution
before the House directs the President to give
such notice to the British Government, and lam
in favor of its immediate passage. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ward] provides for the appointment of
commissioners by the United States and Great
Britain, provided the British Government con-
sent, who shall confer together and endeavor to
amend the existing treaty to the satisfaction, if
possible, of all the parties concerned.
This amendment is open to many objections,
and I greatly prefer giving notice to the British
Government in the manner prescribed by the
tieaty itself. If on receiving this notice the Brit-
ish Government, who are as deeply interested as
woarc, should propose to appointcommissioners,
I am sute no one would have any objection. A
year will aflfoid ample time for negotiation; but,
if more should be necessai y, Congress^at its next
session, could provide for such an emetgenoy;
and I do not see how any harm can follow the
adoption of this resolution and action upon it by
the President. The British Government will have
no right to complain of us for taking this course,
and i do not believe they will. On the other hand,
wo need notexpcct to secure their favor and good
will by suffering this treaty to remain in force,
for the Government and the people of England,
with a few honorable exceptions, are alike un-
friendly to us. From the very commencement
of this rebellion they have not t ried to conceal the
joy they feel at the prospect of a possible disso-
lution of the Union and the consequent destruc-
tion of the Government of the United States.
Hating slavery heartily,and engaged in pieaching
a crusade against it in every part of the world
since the commencement of this century, they
have notwithstanding that fraternized at the first
opportunity with a body of men who have taken
up arms for the express purpose of extending
and perpetuating it, and shown their willingness
to tolerate that or the slave trade either if they
could thereby secure the dismembermcntand ruin
of this Republic. They have shown their sym-
pathy with the rebellion in public meetings and
in Parliament, giving every possible encourage-
ment to the relx 1 leadeia, and aided them in fit-
ting out ships-of-war in their ports to prey upon
our commerce till they have well-nigh driven it
from the ocean. They have recently organized
an association in Manchester for the express pur-
pose of procuring the recognition and securing
the independence of the rebel confederacy; and
we may judge of its popularity and influence from
the fact that the names of its officers alone fill
five columns of the New York Times, and many
of them are noblemen and men of distinction in
the British empire. The colonies on our borders,
who are directly benefited by this treaty, have
displayed the same feeling of hostility toward us
that pervades the mother country, and it is no
fault of theirs if we are not now at war with Eng-
land.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
has drawn a pleasing picture of the Canadas and
ofHhe friendly feeling of the people for the Gov-
ernment of the United States. He assures us that
the denunciations of our country which we hear
of daily do not come from the people of Canada,
but from rebels and refugees who reside there and
who control the publicdemonsfrations in favorof
the rebellion, and of which we complain. Sir, I
wish these statements were true, but they are
not, as all who have traveled in the Canadas
within the last three years can testify. They
have no friendly feeling for us, and no wish that
we may be successful in this terrible struggle for
national honor and national existence.
But I should not have alluded to the hostile
feeling of England and her colonies toward us
had not the gentleman, [Mr. Davis,] who pre-
ceded me in defense of the treaty, attempted to-
explain it away. 1 do not ask for the abrogation
of this treaty because England and her colonies
have not been as friendly as they should be, but
because i wish to protect our own interests and
build up our own country in preference to a for-
eign one. I am opposed to it because it confers
no benefit at all in comparison with the injury it
inflicts upon our farmers and our manufacturers,
and upon American industry everywhere, and
because we may expect these interests will he
injured more and more from its operations with
cach succeeding year.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis]
assures us that the evils we complain of are not
caused by the treaty itself, but by subsequent
colonial legislation; and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] puts in the same plea in
its favor. Sir, lam aware of the fact that the
legislation of the colonies has been of an un-
friendly character for several years past, gradually
excluding our manufactures from their markets
by imposing such duties that their export on our
part was unprofitable. But I cannotcxcuse it as
easily as they do. They admit that such legisla-
tion violates the spirit if not the letter of the treaty.
But if they can do so with impunity to our injury,
what is it good for, and why should we desire to
prolong itsexistence? The gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Davis] assures us, however, that they
do it only because they are obliged to, and that
the Canadian government expressed their regret
that they could uotadmit our manufactures on the
same teims they did five years ago. But that was
impossible. They mubt tax imports heavily, be-
cause they must have money to pay the interest
on the enormous debt which they have incurred
in the construction of ship canals and railways
connecting the lakes with the ocean.
Mr. Speaker, we are in the same situation,
though from different causes, and cannot trade
with the Canadas on the same terms we did five
years ago. We must have such a modification
of this treaty as will adapt it to our altered.cn-
cumstances, or have none at all, and place the
colonies on the same footing in regard to trade
that we do the mother country. We have been
compelled to raise large armies to suppress a most
wicked and infamous rebellion, and in that way
have created a national debt which will be a bur-
den to us for a generation to come. To preserve
the honor and credit of the Government we must
increase our duties on imports and raise hundreds
of millions of dollars annually by a direct tax
upon the industry and business of the country.
Such is our present condition that we cannot af-
ford to admit colonial products duty free as we
have done, and I am surprised to hear that atu
member of this House should be in favorofdoing
so. But the gentleman from New York professes
to believe that it is for our interest to do so, and
that if we should take a broad and comprehensive
view of our relations to our neighbors we should
see that it would be better to deal with Canadaas
we do with Ohio, and place no lestrictions on her
trade whatever. Sir, this may be so, but my vis-
ion is too limited to discover it, and my view of
it not so broad and comprehensive as to induce
me to admit Canada, a part of the British empire,
to the privileges enjoyed by a sister State whose
interests are identified with our own and must be
forever.
The argumentthat New York may derive some
benefit from this trade is not worth considering
in the settlement of this question. Her prospei ity
depends upon that of our common couuny, and
you cannot separate the one from the oiher. It
seems impoabiMc t" i v p *<?*c-:it a argu-
ment in favor of this treaty, and I doubt" if any
serious defense of it would hav6 bee'n attempted^
but for the ship canals of Canada. These great'
avenues from the lakes to the ocean afford great
facilities at this time to 'the business men of Chi-
cago and other lake ports for the shipmentof then4
grain to the European markets. Other canals'of
vast magnitude are already projected in the'Can-
adas, and should this treaty continue in existence
they will soon be completed. *But if they are
useful to us to some extent in timo- of peace1 for
commercial purposes, they are of immense value
to England in a military point of view for the pro-
tection of her colonies in the event of hostilities
with this country at any period in the future.
Under the provisions of the treaty of 1814, neither
Power can have a ship-yard or liaval depot on
the lakes, and England will never need one. -The
commerce of the West will keep her immense
canals in repair so long as we are at peace, and
pay the interest on the cost of their construction.
In case of a war with this Government, her gun-
boats could pass through them to the lakes and
penetrate the very heart of our country, burning
the towns and cities on our lake shores and anni-
hilating all their commerce. The trade of Chi-
cago would be utterly destroyed, and a hostile
fleet might lay alongside her wharves and levy
contributions at their pleasure,
Mr. Speaker, I was sorry, to hear the distin-
guished gentleman from Chicago [Mr. Arnoi.d]
defend this treaty with so much earnestness, and
express a wish for the speedy construction of
more canals through the Canadas. 1 have list-
ened with great pleasure to his denunciations of
slavery, and hope I shall live to join with him in
thanksgivings to God for its abolition through-
out the Republic. 1 agree with him in giving a
hearty support to the Administration and to the
policy which is to make it memorable in history
forever; but when he proposes to purchase the
right of way through a foreign country to carry
off the grain grown in the West, I must disagree
with him, however much I may dislike to do so.
His policy would notonly build upand make moro
effective those vast military works which are of
such importance to the English Government, but
it taxes one branch of our industry for the bene-
fit of another, which I believe to be unnecessary
and unjust. Not more than twelve per cent, of
the grain shipped from our lake ports passes
thiough these canals, yet for the poor privilege
of using them to that extent we must admit Ca-
nadian products free of duty to the manifest injury
of those branches of our industry with which
they come in direct competition.
Our wool-growers and lumbermen suffer more
severely than any other class of our citizens, and
are too numerous to be overlooked in the settle-
ment of this question, in the production of wool
Michigan is now the third State in the Union,
and iti" the manufacture of lumber she is proba-
bly the first. Wisconsin is largely interested in
the lumber trade, and the farmers of every part
of the country are turning their attention more
and more to the growing of wool for our own
consumption. In 1863 our manufacturers im-
ported seventy million pounds of wool, and
the most of it came in duty free. Our farmers
consider this just cause of complaint, and for
months past petitions have poured in upon us
from every quarter of the country praying Con-
gress to impose heavy duties on oil wool of for-
eign growth, and i hope we shall not adjourn
without doing all wo possibly can for their pro-
tection.
Sir, 1 wish we could tax every pound of for-
eign-grown wool which comes into ourcountry;
I hope we shall at no distant period, though we
cannot do so now. Canada furnished neatly two
million pounds to our manufaetnrers in 1863, of
a quality much like that which we produce, and
coming directly in competition with it; but all
that must come in free under the stipulations of
this treaty. This may seem to be a small matter
now, but the high prices wool must command
hereafter will stimulate its production every-
where, and if this treaty iem-ins m force our
imports of wool fiom the Canadas will soon
quadruple in quantity to the great injury of our
own farmers, while it will add rapidly to the
wealth, population, and resources of our neigh-
bors. The wool-growers East and W«et.protest
