inn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Section of oar country which is in open rebellion
against our Constitution and laws these nations
have manifested strong sympathy and regard, giv-
ing them their aid, countenance, and encourage-
ment, in all forms and ways, whenever an oppor-
tunity has offered.
The honorable Senator insists that it is because
of the connection of ourGovernment with slavery
that our cause is thus regarded abroad. Why
does not that fact operate to provoke the dislike
of these foreigners toward the rebels and traitors
who are trying to overthrow the Constitution of
their country, and bring ruin and desolation upon
our fair land, the foundation, the very corner-
stone of their government being this foul and odi-
ous institution of slavery? Both the great com-
mercial nations of Europe have been givingevery
facility which by possibility couM be given, with-
out provoking a war with this country, to those
insurgents, rebels, and pirates. When their pri-
vateering—I would rather say (because that is
the^ better and more appropriate term) their pi-
ratical—cruisers have gone into foreign ports*,
how have tl^y been received? Why, sir,'with
all the courtesies and hospitalities which one
friendly nation exhibits to another. The officers
and men have been welcomed, f&ted, dined, and
wined both by official personages and by private
citizens. Compare this with the treatment moted
out to our own ships of war when they have
gone into foreign ports. Our officers and men
have been treated coldly, repulsively; they have
been insulted, jostled, and elbowed-out of the
way. The contrast between the treatment re-
ceived by these piratical cruisers laden with plun-
der rohbed from our peaceful merchants, whose
ships they had burned on the high seas, and the
public ships of the United States'undor the star-
spangled banner, hag been enough to make the
blood of every true American tingle in his veins,
and to look forward to a time of reckoning between
us and those who, to use a mercantile phrase,
have been opening these accounts with us. Does
the honorable Senator now want to pass this re-
pealing law to please England and Prance?
Mi*. SUMNER. If the Senator putsthat ques-
tion to ine in gaud faith 
Mr. FOSTER. I do put it in the best faith.
Mr, SUMNER. J will say, I do want it to
enable our friends in Franoeand England to main-
tain our cause against our enemies there, against
those who set those piratical ships afloat, it is
to sustain our friends, to sustain tho.se who sus-
tain us, that I propose to put my country right.
The Senator proposes to keep it wrong.
Mr. FOSTER. That is another affair; we will
see about that by and by. It is not, then, to
gratify the Governments of the two nations to
which I have alluded, but to please our friends,
the people of those two nations, or some portion
of tli75 people, who would befuend us if we pur-
sued the course which the Senator asks us to pur-
sue. I inquire of the honorable Senator whether
he supposes that any considerable portion of the
people will be induced to rise up in England or
Prance against their respective Governments and
compel a change of policy, and whether he seri-
ously asks us to pass laws which shall bring the
people of Prance in collision with the Empei or, or
the people of England in collision with the Crown
and Parliament.
Mr. SUMNER. Not in collision, but 
Mr FOSTER. « Not in collision !" That is
a sufficient answer.
Mr. SUMNER. But I do ask that we may
pass laws that shall bring the public opinion of
the civilized world on our side. The Senator in-
sists that that public opinion shall be against us.
Mr. T< OSIER. Mr. President, the Senator has
no rif?ht to put any other than a reasonable con-
struction on my remarks. If he asserts that I
wish that the public opinion of the world shall
bo against us, / am at a loss to know on what
remark of mine that assertion is founded. I have
said nothing of the sort. I am as ambitious of
the honest, good opinion of my fellow-men, and
that my country should have the good ommon of
foreign nations, as the honorable Senator; but I
am not disposed to crouch and crawl and beo-
either the Government or the people of any coun-
try to look with favor on the flag of the United
States. The day is distant, I trust, when { shall
be driven to that necessity; at all events, it has
not come yet
If this bill had passed as it wavS originally re-
ported, would the honorable Senator, or any mem-
ber of this body, take a certified copy of it, and
go abroad to England to circulate it among our
friends, the people there, to win their friendship
and fuvor? Then I suppose it would beuncourte-
ous should he fail to address the Queen and the
Parliament. Would it not be somewhat after
this fashion: " May it please your Majesty,and
the Lords of Parliament, spiritual and temporal,
and the Commons of England, the United States
of America have repealed certain laws which were
understood to be distasteful to the Crown and peo-
ple of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland, and we now humbly ask that you will
look upon us with increased favor!" i am not
ambitious of going on such a mission as that,
even if I had coupled with it the right to cross
the Channel and make the same address to his
Imperial Majesty the Emperor of France, and
say to him, " May it please your Majesty" 
Mr. JOHNSON. "Sire."
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Maryland will pardon me; I am not well versed
in court phrases, or the style of courtly addresses.
Mr. HOWARD. "Sieur." -
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, who is also an authority, says that I
should Say "Sieur." I am, as you see, Mr.
President, not fitted for the mission to which I
have alluded. I should perform its duties very
bunglmgly, and I should not be willing to make
the attempt while I remain a free man, and my
country retains her independence.
No, Mr. President, the way to win the respect
of foreign nations is first to respect ourselves;
take the necessary steps for speedily crushing
out this infamous rebellion, and placing our coun-
try, which we love, the land of our birth, in such
an attitude before the world that we can compel
the respect of all other nations. Then we shall
win U, and not till then.
The truth is, Mr. President, foreign nations
are not looking with favor on this Republic, and
have not been for the last forty years. The prin-
ciples on which our Government is based are an-
tagonistic to theirs. If our system shall prove
to be what thus far it has been, a grand success;
if our Constitution shall abide the fearful pressure
fiorn within and without, now bi ought to bear on
it; tfourcountry comes out of this mighty struggle
still standing before the world erect, undivided,
strong, independent, and free, with no star fallen,
but new ones added to the glorious constellation
on the folds of our national banner, (and with
God's blessing all these things shall be,) Euio-
pean dynasties may date their downfall from that
veiy day. Of this they are as well aware as we;
they know it. When steam has brought Europe
within less than ten days of our country, when
the magnetic telegraph, as it soon will, shall ena-
ble us to exchange thoughts with the Old World
within a few hours, the influence and example of
this Republic on the continent of Europe will be
overshadowing and overwhelming. Revolutions
which no human power can arrest will be in-
auguiated; thrones and ciowns and scepters, all
the paraphernahaofaj hitrai y power will be swept
from the earth like the dust of the summer's
threshing-floor before the biet ze of heaven. The
powers that be," therefoie, are generally leagued
against us; they aie in sympathy with the trai-
tors to our country, not because they love them
any better than us, but because in that way they
think to disunite, to dissever, to disintegrate us,
and break into fragments the great Republic.
That is what Euiupean nations aie striving and
intending to do.
Sir, it is my opinion—and I am sorry that in
that opinion I have not the concurrence of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts—that we
should have a higher standard of legislation than
to please foreign nations, and that an argument
of that sort is a flimsy one at all times, and es-
pecially, as I have asserted, at the present time.
What nations say or what individuals say ought
never to be the standard of duty or policy either
of nations or of individuals. It is alow standard
in morals, scarcely leys low in legislation. We
should do that which is right, which will stand
the test of time, and let those who are disposed
to comment or censure, censure if they will. The
late John Ctuincy Adams, to relieve the exhaust-
ing duties of his laborious life, amused himself
on a certain occasion by writing a little poem
called, if I mistake not—I have not seen it for
many years—Murdoch McMorrough. Thescene
was laid in Ireland, and in the course of the nar-
rative an Irish lady leaves her home and the house
of her husband by night under the most disgrace-
ful circumstances. At the moment of departure,
feeling apparently a twinge of remorse for what
was to follow, she cried out to her waiting-maid,
who accompanied her, "0 Agnes, Agnes, what
will people say ?" [Laughter.] I trust, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the Congress of the United States aro
not coming down to that standard. It is too low,
altogether too low for the Senate of the United
States. " What will people say?" is not the ques-
tion we should ask.
Another reason urged by the honorable Sena-
tor why he wanted these laws repealed was that
he wanted to hit slavery wherever he could find
it. So do I; that is, as I understand thatphrase.
I do not know precisely what#ignification he gives
to it. If he means that he is prepared to hit sla-
very wherever he can find it, under all conceiv-
able ciicumstances and on all possible occasions,
I am not with him. I presume the honorable Sena-
tor does not mean that. I presume he does not
mean that the end sanctifies the means, and that
he may make use of every possible, every imagin-
able means to—as he says—hit slavery.
Let me put a case. Suppose the honorable Sen-
ator should have a friend (and he has a vast num-
ber) serving in the armies of the Republic now
in the field, who should be so unfortunate as to
be wounded in battle, made prisoner by the rebels
and taken within their lines; his wounds prove
mortal, and as his-last request he asks that his
valued friend, the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, may be permitted to visit him and re-
ceive from him his dying message. Suppose fur-
ther, what I agree is not very probable, but is
still possible, that the rebel authorities should ac-
cede to the request, should send a flag of truce
and allow him to pass and visit his dying friend,
simply asking from him a pledge that in going
and returning through their lines he would not
make or receive any communication except to and
from that friend. The Senator gives that pledge,
passes the lines, is treated with courtesy, receives
the last words of his dying friend, and then he
is ready to return home. Certain slaves now
appear to whom a few words from the honorable
Senator would point the way and insure the en-
joyment of freedom. He has found slavery, and
now is an opportunity " to hit it," to give it a
practical hit. Would the honorable Senator feel
at liberty to say to those slaves " follow me, you
can escape from slavery?" 1 presume the hon-
orable Senator would consider himself insulted if
I should ask him the question seriously, as I cer-
tainly do not. I know, as well as he does, that
in such circumstances he would consider himself
bound by his word of honor—he would say noth-
ing, would do nothing; he would neither make
nor receive a communication except to and from
his dying fuend according to his pledge.
Docs he, then, by thisexpression, " hit slavery
wherever he can find it," mean that he will do
anything in violation of his word of honor, his
pledge? Clearly not, as I presume. Let us sup-
pose, in connection with the same imaginary visit
in the rebel lines, that it should so happen that
the rebel chief, Jefferson Davis, was asleep in his
bed in a room adjacent to that of the honorable
Senator, that he could open the door, pass in
quietly, and take the life of that traitor, who if
he had a thousand lives has forfeited them all to
his country; would the honorable Senator feel,
situated as I have supposed him to be, at liberty
to put that traitor and rebel to death, although
by so doing he might strike at the very vitals of
this rebellion and give freedom forever to millions
of his fellow-men? No, Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator would not do that. He, as well as
every man in Christendom, would agree that,ifhe
did, he would be an assassin and his hands would
be stained with the blood of murder. The end,
desirable as it might be, would not sanctify the
means.
The honorable Senatdr, therefore, when he says
he wants to hit slavery wherever he can find it,
means simply, as 1 suppose, that he will hit it
whereveritis proper, lawful,constitutional, hon-
orable, and right to hit it—nowhere else, at no
other time? on no other occasion. To that extent,
