120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
38th-Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Administration—riir. Grider.
Ho. ox;' Reps.
against such a policy, and we must give heed to
theircomplaints. We have a vast country, with
every variety of soil and climate, and every de-
scription and quality of wool can be grown here
to advantage. A proper protection of this great
staple would cause increased attention to its pro-
duction, and instead of importing seventy mil-
lion pounds annually we should soon grow every
pound we manufacture.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Dayis]
asserts that we have not lumber enough in the
country for our own consumption, and likes the
treaty because ^t enables us to obtain a supply
from Canada free of duty. I do not agree with
him, for 1 believe we have an abundant supply
for all our wants for centuries to come; but we
need not discuss ihat point now, for we do not
propose to prohibit its importation, but impose a
heavy duty upon it, as we do upon almost every
article of foreign growth. We import about five
hundred million feet of lumber annually from the
colonies*, and at this time, when we need all the
money we can command, we ought to derive a
large revenue from its sale. The lumber dealers
of Canada have a great advantage over those of
our own country. Their lands and labor are
cheap, their taxes are trilling, the trade is very
profitable, and its influence upon the growth and
prosperity of the Canada* is very great.
The gentleman from Chicago [Mr. Arnold]
spoke of the slow growth of the colonies, but i
can assure him that neither Illinois or any other
State east of the Mississippi has increased in pop-
ulation so rapidly as Upper Canada.
Highly favored by this treaty as it has been,
that province has increased m wealth and popu-
lation with a rapidity almost unexampled in his-
tory. I am not jealous of her growth or envious
of her prosperity. There is room enough for all,
and 1 bid her God speed in her nice with us for
riches and power; but I piopose to legislate in
iavor of my own constituents, and not in such a
way as to build up Canada at the expense of Mich*
man. Oui farmers and lumbermen are heavily
taxed to pay our debts and suppoit the Govern-
ment. Tea, coffee, sugar, and in factalmost every
aitiele of ordinary consumption, has doubled in
value, yetlhey pay without complaining, and ex-
pect to for a generation to come. But that is not
all. They have turned out eagerly by tens of
thousands in defense of the old flag and for the
preservation of the Union. Evei y battle-field has
drank of their blood, and the whole world has
heard of their patriotism and biavery. But when
the old battle-scat red veterans who suivive the
war return to their homes and the peaceful pur-
suits of industry, are they to be told that the Gov-
ernment in defense of which they shed th<-ir blood
and periled their lives will not protect their labor
and industry against foreign competition? No,
sir,no; we must change ourpolicy to siutoureir-
cumstances, now that we can rightfully do so, and
not admit vast quantities of the pioducts of the
colonies duty Itee a day longer than wo are
obliged to.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken at some length of
the wool and lumber mtoiests, not merely because
my constituents aie dneetly interested in them,
but because they are of such magnitude that the
whole country js aflectcd by their depression or
prosperity. They are of national impoitancc,
and we cannot saeniice them for any considera-
tion whatever. ] regiet that the produce dealers
in our lake ports are so willing to be tributary to
and dependent upon a foreign Power. The gen-
tleman from Chicago, who repiesents more of
them, pcthaps, than any other member of the
House,afHrms that the ship canals of Canadaare
indispensably necessary to the prosperity of the
West, and when the last Congress failed to pass
a bill enlarging our canals and increasing their
capacity, commissioners were sent from Illinois to
confer with the Canadian government about in-
creasing the facilities for the transportation of
their produce through the Canadas.
Sii, this may be right and maybe best, and
perhaps they undei stand this question better than
1 do. It may be that the time has come when
tiie lion and the lamb shall lie down together, but
1 do not believe it,and sooner than be a patty to
such an arrangement with any foreign Power, I
would let my grain rot on the ground wh  re it
giow, and hve and die m poverty.
Sir, I know that we must have more outlets to J
the ocean from the West, but I would have them
on our own territory, under the protection of our
own Government, where we could reap the bene-
fit of them ourselves, and where no treaties with
a foreign Power were necessary. We can enlarge
the canals we have to almost any extent, and
build new ones till we have created ample water
communication between the vast prairies of the
West and the seaports of New England and New
York. 'This will enable the farmers who cultivate
those fertile regions to reach the markets of the
world with their produce at a price which they
can afford to pay. The producer and consumer
are alike interested in cheapening the freights on
the food of the people; and, next to putting down
the rebellion, I know of nothing so important as
the providing of these great highways for the
business of the country; nothing that will add so
much to the prosperity of every portion of it, and
which is so necessary to the welfare of the whole
people, the preservation of the Government, and
the perpetuity of the Union. Congress cannot
postpone the consideration of this question much
longer. Food is too cheap in some sections of the
country, and too dear in others, while freights are
so high between the East and West that our ex-
ports to Europe are small compared with what
they should be. We can equalize the cost of food
so that it will be cheap enough everywhere, and
increase our exports to the Old Woi Id to an indefi-
nite extent, if we provide cheap transportation
from the interior to the seaboard, and that we
must do soon, whatever it may cost us.
Hutsomcthingmorc may be done by private en-
terprise and without the aid of legislation, State
or national. The heavy duties imposed on im-
ported goods of every description will ailord am-
ple protection to American industry, and we
ought to build up manufactories enough to supply
our wants as speedily as possible. There is no
danger of any reduction of duties for years to
come, and capital can be safely invested in man-
ufacturing whatever there is a maiket for. In-
stead of importing vast quantities of goods ftom
abroad in excess of our expoits, and thereby
building up great manufacturing cities in France
and England, let us build them rather in Michi-
gan, in Illinois, in Iowa, and other Stales of the
West. Food and fuel ate cheap, labor would be
plenty, and a market would soon be created that
would consume more of the products of the West !
than we now export to Europe. In the town !
whjjye I reside we have a watm-power equal to
thatof Lowell, in Massachusetts, and no*, a man-
ufactory there worth naming. We ought to have
fifty of them, and we shall m a few years, with
a population of fifty thousand, which will con-
sume oil the pioductions of the rich and fertile
country around them. What is true of this town
is true of hundreds of others in the West, where
we have every facility but the machinery for man-
ufacturing whatever the country may require with
us increasing wealth and population. The lazy
watei-fn.ll should be set to woik and forges and
manufactories callcd into being, in those product-
ive regions, which would give employment to :
thousands and create a home market whose ca- ]
pacity for the consumption of the products of!
the soil would keep pace with the growth of our j
country forever. If we adopt this policy and
build up American interests and protect Ameri-
can industry the people will be prosperous and
happy and our country will be powciful and in-
dependent.
POLICY OF THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON". HENRY GRIDER,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
June 2, 1864, j
In the Committee nf the Whole oa the state of the Union, j
Mr. grider. Mr. Chairman, I ask the con- j
sideration of the committee a short time to such
remarks as I may offer at present, though desul-
j tory, strictly I hope with a patriotic heart," loyal
1 at once to the country, the Constitution, and the
| truth." As the Bible is the great moral light of
j the Christian world, to shine upon the pathway
' to heaven,to the Cono'itution of the United States,
ordained by our disinterested and patriotic fathers,
is the sun that must guide our action, in this fear-
ful crisis, to conquest, to peace, and prospeiity.
No other pathway can be devised by an American
patriot or statesman. The Constitution has as-
sumed great variety of meaning and interpreta-
tion with politicians, once regarded an instrument
plain, conservative, and of easy application. And
there is just such a variety of Union men—some
intense radical Union men, even more patriotic,
perfect, find pure than the Constitution itself, or
than the good and great men wlio made it; dis-
avowing its provisions, and stimulated to forget
the solemnities by which we are bound to obey
it. This is our misfortune in times like these.
Nothing but dereliction of duty, want of moral
obligation, produced this rebellion in the South,
and is now proceeding to revolution in the North.
Unity of construction and interpretation of this
sacred instrument, so long consecrated to a well-
defined and prudently restrained action of our
Government, its grants and limitations, is only
more important than unity of action. No change
of citcumstances, no necessity, no higher law, no
war power, no violating the Constitution to save
the nation, are founded in wisdom, morals, pre-
cedent, or law. This is the shifting df conscious
weakness or guilt to shun the justice of severe
reprobation.
The plain, indisputable truth is that the Con-
stitution and the Union are now as they always
have been, since good and wise men adopted
them, having been ordained by the people to form
a more perfect Union. The Constitution is vital,
and the Union unhurt, except so far as their
practical operations are obstructed by the wick-
edness and arms of the rebels, or perverted by the
revolutionary assumptions and dangerous admin-
istration of the party in power, without the sanc-
tion of constitutional authority. The States are
always members of the Union by the Constitu-
tion, with ail their rights. Suppress the rebellion,
and the Constitution and the laws resume their
operation, the Union remains, and all our insti-
tutions aie unimpaired, and only call for an Ad-
ministration that does not war upon the confessed,
ad judicated, cherished, constitutional rights of the
States and the citizen. Sir, the Constitution is
the great ligament that binds the States in Union;
there is no other legal tie; destroy one and you
destroy both, and the nation too. No matter how
you do it, whether by rebellion and arms, or by
reckless acts of revolution; one bold and lawless,
the other insidious, selfish, and wicked. Mr.
Webster said upon this very subject:
'•The Constitution ami the Union ! 1 placc tliem to-
gether! If th<'V ^tatid, they stand together; If they
fall, they must hill together!5'
It is a great mistake and false assumption that
Congress or any department of the Government
can do everything to suit the policy of a party.
Party legislation is dangerous to the liberties of
the people without the strictest regard to consti-
tutional grants and limitations, especially in a
crisis like rhis when a frenzy has seized the party
mind, and when other beacon lights, not the Con-
stitution, are hoisted to guide our ship of State in
this raging storm. I scorn your war power, I
denounce your application of higher law, I dep-
recate your false international rule, your military
necessity, or "the indispensable necessity" of
the Executive '* in his opinion !" These are all
scape-goats to bear off your sins. They are mere
floats cast upon this great .flood of revolution, to
bear up sinking men for a time. They are not
the Hik, the great ark of old, where only there is
safety. The Constitution is that ark.
Sir, if you persevere, I most solemnly fear it
will not only lead to bankruptcy, but, still more
fearful, to disintegration. Butl trust never. Let
us have " one Constitution, one Government, one
people," and one flag. The tenth article of the
Amendments to the Constitution defines your
powers:
u The powers not delegated to the United States are re-
served to the States respectively, or to the people."
Have you not countervailed these provisions,
usurped authority not granted, transcended the
limitations placed upon you? Do you claim to
stand for authority upon the book of American
Constitutions? Repeat as much as you please the
cry of military necessity, or any other ii refuge
of lies,5' the Constitution is the rule of our ac-
