1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
although with a much more feeblearm than his, I
go with him fully, heartily, and, if need be, to the
death. Does the honorable Senator ask me to go
further? Docs he ask me to violatemy word, my
oath, the obligations of my conscience and of my
understanding, and at the same time hold those
restraints sacred himself? The same standard of
morality which he considers binding on him he
must allow to be equally binding on me. We dif-
fer as to its application. He finds nothing in the
Constitution which recognizes the right of aloyai
citizen in a loyal State where ^slavery exists to
come within the limits of a free State, if his slave
has fled there, to reclaim him. Many persons cer-
tainly think otherwise. Is it quite the thing for
the honorable Senator to assert thatitisas " clear
as the multiplication table, as the ten command-
ments" that they are wrong and he right?
There are men who, in the case of the visit I
have supposed, would say to the honorable Sen-
ator, by way of removing any conscientious
scruples, " You are quite justified in setting these
slaves free; you are perfectly justified in taking
the life of Davis; it is true that you pledged your
word, but you pledged your word to corrupt reb-
els, crafty traitors, who have covered the land
with blood, and who design to overthrow and de-
stroy the Government of their country. They
have forfeited all claims and rights; you have but
stricken to the hearta man who ought to have suf-
fered deatli long ago. To rid the world of such
an incumbrance is to confer blessings on the age
and on future ages. Although you pledged your
word to the contrary you are not bound to keep
it, you are under no obligations to keep faith
with men of this character."
Mr. President, if the honorable Senator cannot
find anything in the Constitution or in the law of
1793 which are any impediments 01* restraints upon
him, I trust that he will realize that others may,
and that those who do are just as much entitled
to consideration as he is for finding obstacles in
striking at slavery in the case I have supposed,
where, in order to do it, he would violate the most
solemnly plighted faith and take on his conscience
the guilt of murder.
To my mind, then, sir, there are no reasons for
repealing: the law of 1793. It is not unconstitu-
tional. The argument that its repeal will please
foreign nations is unworthy of this arena. The
argument that we are to strike slavery wherever
we can find it does not apply to a case of this
description. If the constitutionality of any law
can be settled, put at rest forever, it was settled
by the character of the men who made this law,
by the judicial decisions which have been had
upon it, never one doubting or questioning it, the
uniform acquiescence of all the people of ail the
States for seventy years in its constitutionality,
and until the present troublesand agitations,since
the subject of slavery and the arrest of fugitive
slaves has disturbed the mind of the countiy, I
doubt if it was ever seriously called in question
by a single individual, nor do I believe the Sen-
ator till a comparatively rccont period ever heard
this law complained of.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not hear the last re-
mark.
Mr. FOSTER. I say that nevgr before the
present agitation on the subject—I mean by that
the agitation which has arisen since 1850 and m
connection with the law of that year—was the law
"of 1793 complained of so/as at all to disturb the
public mind.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware of the
complaint made in the city of Baltimore imme-
diately after its passage?
Mr. FOSTER. I am aware of what the Sena-
tor says in his report which he holds in his hand.
"What I mean is that there had been no complaint
of the law such as should be considered a com-
plaint—nothing that disturbed the public mind or
the public sentiment. There was no excitement,
no remonstrance against it. There were no tri-
bunals before whom the question came that really
questioned the validity and constitutionality of
the law. No doubt there may have been a few
isolated cases of complaint; possibly there may
have been judges and magistrates who at times
spoke against it; but what I mean is that the great
current of public opinion had never been dis-
turbed by any complaint of that statute.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware of the
statement made by Mr. Q,uincy, whose memory
he must know covers this whole period, to the
effect that the statute was so odious at the North,,
and especially in Massachusetts, that it could not
be enforced even during the first ten years after
its passage? Is he aware that in the State of Ver-
mont in 1807 a judgeof the supreme court delib-
erately refused to enforce it, stating that he would
not surrender a fugitive slave unless a bill of sale
could be shown from the Almighty?
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator be good
enough to give me the name of that judge?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Justice Harrington, of
the supreme court of Vermont.
Mr. FOSTER. His decision may have made
him famous; he was never famous otherwise, I
believe. As the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] suggests to me, Judge Harring-
ton did not undertake to pronounce the law un-
constitutional; he simply suggested-ihat the proof
was deficient. He said not a word about the law.
For aught that Judge Harrington decided, there-
fore, he was of opinion that the law was as con-
stitutional as I will now procccd to show that
Judge Story, speaking for the Supreme Court of
the United States, thought it to be.
Mr. SUMNER. That is, provided a bill of
sale could be shown from the Almighty. Then
clearly the law is constitutional; there is no doubt
about it.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator is very
serious, I presume, in his statement, and thinks
it senatoiial to make such a statement in this
body. 1 quarrel not either with its reverence or
with its propriety. The Senator strangely con-
founds a question of law and a question of fact.
Tiie instrument to which he alludes so flippantly
has no application whatever to the law—only to
the fact of ownership.
1 was saving, Mr. President, that I would
quote an authority on the point that this law of
1793 had never disturbed the public mind, but
had been acquiesced in, which I thought the hon-
orable Senator would yield to. I allude, of course,
to the opinion of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the case of Prigg vs. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, where the opinion was
pronounced by the late Mr. Justice Story. I
read from page 621 of the sixteenth volume of
Petcrs's Reports:
<{ So far as the judges of the courts of the United States
bare been called upon to enforce )t, and to grant the cer-
nfieate required by it, it U believed that it has been um-
foimly recognized as a binding and valid law, and a? im-
posing a constitutional duty. Undei &uch circumstances,
if the question were one ot doubtful construction, buch long
acquiescence in it, &uch contemporaneous expositions ot
it, and such extensive and umfonn recognition of its valid-
ity, would in our judgment entitle the question to be con-
sidered at re«t, unless indeed the interpretation of the
Constitution ^ to be delivered over to interminable doubt
thioughont ihe whole progtess of legislation and of na-
tional operations Congress, the Executive, and the ju-
diciary have, upon vanous occasions, acted upon this as
a sound and leasonablc docmne."
The honorable Senator asks us, in consequence
of some recollection of the venerated Mr. Clumey
of Boston, in regard to some opposition which
he thought was manifested to the law soon after
its enactment, or some, I must be pardoned for
saying, profane remark made by a judge in Ver-
mont, as it regarded the measure of evidence, to
say that this law is unconstitutional, and was so
considered at an early day. To such loose and
random statements as those I oppose the author-
ity which I have just read. Itis nottheauthonty
of Mr. Justice Story alone, great as that is, but
it is the authority of the Supreme Court of the
United States with John Marshall at their head,
clarum et venerabile nomtn gentibus.
Mr. SUMNER. He was dead when that opin-
ion was given.
Mr. JOHNSON. Taney was Chief Justice at
that time.
Mr. FOSTER. I was mistaken; it was after
the death of Chief Justice Marshall.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator, unless his
attention has been called to it, permit me to ask
him to read what follows, beginning at the bot-
tom of page G'21, " But we do not wish," after
leaving the question as to the effect of contempo-
raneous construction?
Mr. FOSTER. I will read it:
" But we do not wish to rest our present opinion upon
the gioimd either of contemporaneous exposition, or lung
acquiescence, ot even piaerical action ; neither do we mean
lo admit the question to h*' of a doubt! til nature, and there-
fore as propeily calling lor the aid of such considerations,
On the contrary, our judgment would be Uio same if the
question were entirely new, aitdsyst df Congress we^e
of recent enactment. We hold the act to be clearly con-
stitutional in ail its leading provisions, and/iifdeed, VVith
the exception of that part which confers authority
State magistrates, to be free from seasonable doubt and
difficulty upon the grounds already stated." '
I stated that so far as this law was concerned,
where it imposed power upon magistrates ap-
pointed by the States to actunde? it, the Supreme
Court in this case had helc^they were not obligated
so to acti,. nor could Congress confer, upon- them
the power to act. They could act if they .pleased;
they could, not be compelled to act. .
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all I .desired the
Senator to read.
Mr. FOSTER. I may as well read the au-
thority to which I refer, that I may show that J
am correct,in my statement. It follows immedi-
ately: • ---
"As to the authority so conferred upon State magistrates,
while a difference of opinion has existed, and may exist
still on the point, in different States, whether State magis-
trates are bound to act under it, none is entertained by'this
court'that State magistrates may, if they choose, exercise
that authority, unless prohibited by State legislation."
But, Mr. President, suppose we repeal every
law on our statute-book, as asked by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts; suppose we do that,
because they are unconstitutional,„or by way of
placebo to England and France, or' by. way of hit-
ting slavery wherever we can fiftd it—if for any
ffor all of these reasons we repeal all these acts
—what then? Where are we? Have we not
something more to do ? We have got the Consti-
tution left, I hope. Have we, or have we not?
The honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col-
lamer,] the other day, in making some allusion
to that instrument, thought proper to apologize,
and spoke with his usual modesty, saying that it
might almost be out of order. The honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] seemed, at
least, so to understand him, and suggested that
he could go on, upon which the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont said that he really did not-stfp-
pose it had gone so far that if he made an allu-
sion to the Constitution he could be called to or-
der! He had not really entertained that opiniqn,
although from certain things which had passed
under his observation he thought a recurrence to
the Constitution might net be of much avail. 'I
trust that the Constitution will be left us,even |f
we repeal these laws.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] the other day affirmed, with much appar-
ent sincerity, solemnity, and earnestness, that he
would stand by it, addingthe asseveration which
we repeat when we first take our seats here. The
honorable Senator from llli'frftis [Mr. Trumbull]
yesterday, in alluding to this subject, in what
seemed to me patriotic language, aifirmed thatlhe
would stand by it; that he knew no other rule
for his action in this body as a legislator than-the
Constitution of the United States. Within that
he trusted to keep himself; under that he trusted
that we should go on successfully in this war,
and come out of Htriumphantly; and he added*—
what has my most hearty concurrence—that we
must go on under that Constitution, or we shall
cease to be. Our political salvation is in the Con-
stitution. Let men think-or say what they will; let
them imagine that exigencies or so-called necessi-
ties may arise where we had betterstep aside from
the Constitution, we delude ourselves if we think
we can abandon that instrument and go on to vic-
tory. The path of gloryis here the path ofduiy,
the path of the Constitution; and divergence from
it is dangerous. In time of public danger, when
our people are tried to their utmost power of en-
durance, the national life imperiled, I am will-
ing to go as far as can be gone with safety in find-
ing authority in the instrument for the exeroi&e
of positive and summary powers; I am willing
to strain the Constitution so far as itis possible;
but after all the Constitution is and must be our
sheet-anchor. If we part the cable that holds us
to that, our gallant ship of State will be adrift,
and will soon be dashed upon the rocks now cov-
ered with the wrecks of former days, and the rich
treasures of the present and the most glorious
hopes of humanity for the future with which that
ship is freighted will all perish together.
The Constitution being left us, and all these
laws repealed, where do we stand on this ques-
tion of reclaiming fugitive slaves? What does
the Constitution say about it? The honorable
Senator, as I understand him, does not find one
