1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
2725
interests of'every man who owns property in this
country,affecting to a greateror less uxtentevery
citizen from one end of the land to the other. I
say I am surprised that a bill of this character
should be introduced, and after two speeches on
the general subject, without any consideration of
its details, two amendments most vital in their
character having been introduced within the last
fifteen minutes, and without which 1 should re-
gard it as a most dangerous measure, should be
attempted to be put through under the previous
question. ,
I most sincerely hope that this House .will not
legislate in so reckless a manner on such a sub-
ject. I agree with gentlemen that some such bill is
needed; that perhaps this bill—for I have the great-
est respect for the legal and statesmanlike ability
of the gentleman who drew it up,[Mr. Jenckes]—
should be passed, I believe it is very ably drawn;
but, sir, the experience and counsel of the hun-
dred and eighty-sixgentlemenin this House ought
not to be ignored in maturing such a measure.
The bill ought to be examined by them, and such
amendments as may be suggested considered.
Sir, we have just been told that $300,000,000
wereowed by men in the South, nowin rebellion,
to people in the North at the breaking out of the
war; and are we, by one sweeping provision, to
wipe out those debts,to ruin hundreds of men in
the North in consequence of these men in the
South having squandered their property in the
cause of the rebellion. I do not think this bill
gives us sufficient protection in that direction.
Mr. SPALDING. I should like to ask my col-
league if he has ever read this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have.
Mr. SPALDING. I am satisfied the gentle-
man never has read it, or he would not make the
remark he has just made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I decline to yield the floor
to a gentleman who implicates my veracity.
Mr. SPALDING. I do implicate it.
■Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; I hold no fur-
ther colloquy with the gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, I regret,! say, the hasty manner
in which it is proposed to pass such a measure as
this, and however much I may desire to vote for
n bill on this subject, and perhaps after proper
consideration, I will not vote for it under such
circumstances as these. I am in favor of a bank-
rupt law; I believe that many of our people de-
sire one; but I am not willing to risk the passage
of a bill of this gigantic magnitude, affecting, as
I have said, the vital interests of all the property
in the Republic, with practically no consideration
or discussion.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of the House
to another consideration. Does any one claim
that this country is in immediate need of a bank-
rupt law? When has there been a time of more
general prosperity in all commercial transactions
in the North than the present? Consult your
market registers, consult your commercial jour-
nals, and where do you see the lists of failures
such as we saw in 1857, such as we saw in 1861 ?
I ask whether, in this time of remarkable com-
mercial prosperity, when every energy of the
agricultural and manufacturing population is in
full and profitable play, when both capital and
laborbring quick and bountiful returns, it is wise
for us to suggest and predict financial disaster by-
pressing to its immediate passage, without de-
bate, a sweeping bankrupt bill, a bankrupt bill
for the future as well as for the present and the
past? I claim that no existing emergency calls
for any such haste, when everybody is engaged
in business, when capital is plenty, and no man
is complaining that he has nothing to do.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
has referred to the history of the bankrupt legis-
lation in England. I call his attention to a fact
in that history. In the great war which England
carried on for twenty successive years at the close
of the last century and the beginning of this, and
which was only not greater than our present war,
her Parliament did not pass a bankrupt law until
three years after the genetal treaty of peace. The
great crises of nations occur in those periods of
transition in which they pass from a state of peace
to a state of war, and from a state of war to astate
of peace. There was a revulsion in 1861 when
we were adjusting our affairs from a peace basis
to a war basis, and we may look for another re-
vulsion when we again return to a basisofpeace.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman yield.tome
for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. I wish to put the gentleman
right. He stated that in England a bankrupt law
was passed only after the war. It was not only
passed after the war to which he has referred, but
centuries before that war. And, sir, it may not
be inappropriate here to add that almostfrom the
earliest period of history, and among all nations
where laws have prevailed as a system, pro vision
has been made for the relief of the honest and
unfortunate debtor. The Jewish dispensation,
one of divirieauthority and commission', provided
for the periodical discharge of the debtor from
his debts; and the provisions of the Roman law,
discharging those unable to pay their debts, were
early adopted by the continental nations into
their jurisprudence. (Story'sCom.,vol. 3,chap.
16.) " In England for three centuries statutory
provisions have existed in the nature of bank-
rupt laws, the earliest being the statute of 34
Henry VIII, c. 4, (A. D. 1543,) and from that
period to the present time numerous statutes have
been passed, until within the present century, by
the acts of 6 George IV and of 1 William IV,
the whole have been consolidated into a-general
bankrupt law, thoroughly digested and systema-
tized, the operation of which has been generally
approved as of great utility to that highly com-
mercial nation. I may add that within the last
two years England lias further modified its bank-
rupt law, making it broader and more compre-
hensive.
Mr.GARFIELD. I agree entirely in what the
gentleman has said. There was frequent legisla-
tion in England at various periods, but it was
fragmentary and temporary in us character. It
was in 1819, more than three years after the con-
clusion of the war against Napoleon, that England
consolidated and adopted a complete system of
bankruplcy. She waited until the war was over.
Mr. JENCKES. Let me make an explanation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have only a word further.
The SPEAKER. -Thegentleman from Rhode
Island has (Jie right to resume the floor-at any
time.
Mr. JENCKES. I will ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. The floor having been
taken from me, I decline all further colloquy.
Mr. JENCKES. I only wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr.GAllFIELD. If I understand I have the
floor, and the gentleman interrupts for a question,
I will answer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island has the floor, and has yielded to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. JENCKES. Has thegentleman from Ohio
any amendment to offer to this bill? He declines
to answer.
Mr. GARFIELD. I donotdecline to answer
if I have the floor; but the floor has been taken
from me, and I decline to answer.
Mr. JENCKES. I suppose that the gentleman
has no amendment, and that he is opposed to any
bankrupt system. This bill was presented early
in the session, printed early in February, again
printed about the middle of April, five thousand
extra copies printed by order of the House, and
several thousand out of the House; and it has been
thoroughly distributed and discussed throughout
the House and the country. I. have had a cor-
respondence with both debtors and creditors
throughout the United States, and 1 have re-
ceived only one or two suggestions from all the
people who have written to me on the subject.
If the gentleman wants to move an amendment,
I am willing to give way for it.
If any member of this House wishes to speak
upon this subject I am ready to concede that priv-
ilege to him; but I protest against the attempt to
thrust aside a bill which has been perfected with
as much care as this has been, by mere declama-
tion upon the part of gentlemen who do not care
to know anything about it. The country under-
stands it and demands it. Who demands it, says
thegentleman fiomOhio, [Mr. Garfield,] in this
time of great prosperity? Indeed it is a time of
great apparent prospeiity, but there are at least
one hundred thousand active business men in this
country, men of talent, industry, and integrity,
who ought to take part in this universal prosper-
ity, but who are fast in the" chains of, debt and
who look to the action of this Congress forrelief.
It is for that re&son that we press this bill. We
heed the cry of these people more than we do of
those who enfoy this apparent prosperity, but all
of whom see Lie lore theni a time of trouble soon to
be upon them. .We are legislating not only for
those unfortunate ones but for those who are now
floating upon this fair sea, as it were, of pros-
perity. They know, as well as we know, that ;
their time will come. When thetfe is no panic in
the land, no revulsion of business, when we can
consider an act like this with calmness and delib-
eration, then, of all times, is the time to take it
up and pass it. Now we are not influenced by
persons besieging our doors from recent troubles.
We are not to be shaken from one propriety by
the cry of this and that class o'f people through-
out the land. We mustlook at thesubject fairly,
and legislate not for the present lio'ijr or the next
hour, but we must lay the basis- ofd SyStem which
shall endure as long as our country shall endure.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I fully concur
with the gentleman from Rhode Island in his
ideas as to the necessity and advantuge of aproper
bankrupt bill. Whatever maytfave been the ob-
jection to a bill of this character at a different time,
the peculiar condition of our country makes the
business success of our citizens dependent, not
upon their personal calculations, but upon circum-
stances entirely beyond their control. The opera-
tions of Government,the success of armies#nd the
whimsied and changing policy of Rational finances
way render futile the best schemes of commer-
cial operations. And when migforlune happens
to the citizen, not through his own recklessness,
but through the inability of Governments main-
tain order, or through its unusual demands upon
national resources, then I maintain that it is the
duty of Government to guard the citizen, so far as
it has power, against the effect of the bankruptcy
which may follow.
But it is necessary thatabiU of this kind should
be fully considered. It vests enormous powers
m the courts and in individuals, and each line of
each section should be careful! y weighed. I con-
cede that the committee who reported this bill
have given us full time to consider anti examine
it, but under the idea that it would be taken up
and read section by section,and thoroughly dis-
cussed in the House, I have not given it that at-
tention wh ch ought to be given to it, before 1 am
called upon to vote on the measure. 1 have no-
ticed, on a casual glance at it, one ortwo things to
which I will call the.attention of the House now.
On page 3, lines eighteen, nineteen, twenty,
and twenty-one, there is a provision limiting the
time within which action snail be brought. It
appears to me that.the language used has the
double effect first of utterly destroying the effect of
State statutes of limitation, and secondly of be-
ing retroactive in its effect. It says:
No suit at law or in equity shall, in any case, be main- ,
tamable by or against j-ucli assignee, or by or against any
person Claiming an adverse interest, touching the property
and ri"hts of property aforesaid, in any court whatsoever,
unless tl e same shall be brought within two years from
the time the cause of action accrued.
The additional words " for or against the as-
signee" would limit the effect of the provision to
two years from the time the assignee was ap-
pointed, and thereby prevent its being retroact-
ive. As h stands the limitation would bar a
right of action against property in the hands of
the assignee which accrues two years before the
appointment of the assignee, instead of being pure-
ly prospective, and having the limitation com-
mence from the date of the right accruing to the
assignee or against him personally. For instance,
a man has been m possession of land foj ten
years in a State where twenty years are the period
of limitation, and then assigns his property: the
owner of the legal title, after the assignee is in
possession, brings an action to recover that land.
By this clause he would be defeated two years
from the time " therightof action accrued" would
have elapsed. But by adding the words "for or
against the assignee" would remove that diffi-
culty by preventing this retroactive effect. It is
tiue courts might not sustain such retroactive
legislation, but that is no reason why Congress
should enact such laws.
There should also be a further amendment, to
the effect that nothing in this section should be'
construed to repeal or affect the statutes Of Uraita.-
