1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE ffiL€>i3ft
38in Cons .-...1st Sess.
Pdlicy of the AdminisfrMi<M.~-^Mr\ QHMf.
Ho'.
s.
lion, and our constituents and the country have
sworn us to support it. I fully concur in the re-
marks of Judge Thomas, speaking against your
confiscation bill, (now in Kentucky adjudged un-
constitutional.) Said he:
" No man can desire more earnestly than I do the sup-
pression oi tins rebellion and the restoration of order,unity,
and peace. Cut there are two things I cannot, I will not
do. I will not trample beneath my feet the Constitution I
have sworn before God to support. I will not violate, even
against the rebels, the law of nations as recognized and
upheld by all civilized and Christian States."
The Executive's letter to Colonel Hodges, of
Kentucky, frankly admits there was a time, since
this rebellion, when the policy adopted by the
Administration as to slavery and the orders con-
servative of slavery were constitutional- The
Constitution has not been altered or amended.
How then can a directly opposite policy, not con-
servative but destructive of slavery, be constitu-
tional or lawful now ? Can it be? Assoonasit
became, in the opinion of the Executive, " indis-
pensable to the preservation of the Constitution"
that he should adopt a measure "otherwise un-
constitutional," that measure then became <s law-
ful." If lawful, then constitutional. So the same
measure may be both constitutional and uncon-
stitutional, dependent only, to giveitcomplexion,
upon the opinion of our President, or the stand-
point from which it is viewed. This isthelogic.
Where, then, do you go to kuow the rights of
the citizen? To the Constitution? Not at all;
but to such necessitous events as, in the opinion
of the President, make things otherwise uncon-
stitutional and unlawful constitutional and "law-
ful." So, therefore, according to this interpreta-
tion, the Constitution is as fluctuating as the
events of this world, and as variable as the opin-
ions of our President in relation to them. The
question and control of slavery does not come
under the grants to the Federal Government, but
is reserved exclusively to the States. Sull, if
what is u indispensable" in the opinion of the
Executive can make a measure *' lawful "and con-
stitutional, might he not form an opinion that the
freedmen and contrabands ought to be cared for,
and (as a bill is now pending to effect this in the
South) that half the citizens' lands in Kentucky
should be sold or furnish homesteads for the freed-
men or contrabands which may claim to be freer
That is the assumption and the argument.
Judge Collamer says,if we are constrained to
use
"More of power, more of force, than the Constitution
pwvides,or than is limited by the Constitution, the moment
we do that, or are constrained from our supposed necessi-
ties to do it, we acknowledge before the woild that our in-
stitutions are insufficiently founded. Weshould,therefore,
particularly m a period lik<* tins, carefully consider and
sacredly regard all the piovisionsof ihc Constitution. It
is vam and idle m us to war against a part ot our people
because they have made w<u upon the Government, it we
at the same tune have to sap the foundations of the Gov-
ernment hy stabbing through the vitals of the Constitution."
The present policy might not be so fearful if
you were not so over-righteous and self-confident;
if you could be persuaded or hear remonstrance;
your zeal has frenzied your brain; you hate a man
who says he is for being governed exclusively by
the Constitution, in peace and in war, as bad as
the Jews hated the Samaritans. This is all wrong.
Cannotyou abate your fiery zeal, take the second
sober thought, and come back upon the platform
and principles to which we can all subscribe;
where we can act together with one heart and one
mind, all in unity, and wield all the undistracted
force of the Government in all its majesty and
power ? We stood together there once, and if you
had not renounced the statesman to put on the
partisan, with a view to accomplish whatthe Con-
stitution interdicts, we would have been together
yet. The country before this would have been
relieved and in peace; but you have entered upon
a crusade against the Constitution, its institution,
the rights of the States and the citizen; you are
making the pillars of our temple of liberty trem-
ble, and Us very corner-stones are crumbling away
under your touch. You have the power. I charge
ail the responsibility upon you. Think! Repent
of your errors to save our country, and relieve
suffering millions, and make them blessed. 1
read you Mr. Ciittenden's resolutions. We all
voted for them, (the House and Senate.) The Ad-
ministration was for them; the press was for them;
the Army was for them. We did not hear then
the partisan devotio.ii going up from this Hall, in
thanks to God, "We havegotan abolition Army
too." Yes, all the nation was for them:
The existing civil war, forced upon the national Gov-
ernment by the dtftUinonists, should not be waged on the
part of the Government in any spirit of oppression, or lor
any purpose ofconquest or subjugation or purposes of over-
throwing or interfering with the rights or established insti-
tutions of any of the States, free or slave, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to pre-
serve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the several States unimpaired, and as soon as these ob-
jects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
This resolution has been utterly abandoned , and
the whole power of the Government is applied
now in the spirit of oppression, conquest, and
subjugation for the purpose of overthrowing the
rights and established institutions of the States,
loyal slave States, but not to defend and maintain
the supremacy of the Constitution and to preserve
the Union. The Government has assumed other
and opposite principles; other purposes are to be
accomplished than the suppression of the rebel-
lion, purposes against the highest forms of law,
in conflict with all usage, principle, or precedent.
You have wofuliy changed. There is, in one
sense, no Republican party now. That party
avowed in its platform its opposition to the ex-
tension of slavery, but gave a solemn pledge that
it should not be interfered with w-here it existed.
The President reaffirmed the sentiment:
" r have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery m States where H exists. I
believe [ have no right to do so. I have no wish to do so.
That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of skate?, and
especially the rights of each State to order and control its
own domestic institutions according to its own judgment
exclusively, is essential to that balanceof poweron which
the pcifecuon and endurance of our political fabric de-
pend. "
That declaration was right. The country be-
lieved it, rehed upon it, and rallied to arms un-
der its inspiration. How far different now. How
changed. These republican principles are aban-
doned, and we have a fiery abolition party ig-
noring these principles, and fully, most radically,
adopting the abolition principles of the strictest
sectand of the old school, indorsing the complete
nullification of the laws and constitutions of the
country, State and Federal. Nobody denies that
the Federal Constitution, article the fourth, section
third, warrants slavery, and upon this the wis-
dom of the country has founded the fugitive slave
law; but now the first is disregarded, and the
latter is overridden and in process of repeal.
This party, now tied together by place and pat-
ronage for electioneering purposes, too common
with all parties, in my judgment, are for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, but upon the condition
that slavery " must be wiped out." Thus they
arc not what they so arrogantly announce, un-
conditional Union men, but conditional Union
men. What will they do if they fail to wipe out
slavery? Will they be for the disintegration of
the Union under the old radical abolition flag so
largely represented in this House? Let us hear
from them.
The gentleman from Lancaster, Pennsylvania:
" Tiiis talk of restoring the Union as it was, and under
the Constitution as it i*, is one of the absuidities which I
have hcaid repeated until J have become sick of it. There
are many things which make such an event impo«>sib!e.
This Union never {.hall, with my consent, be restored under
the Constitution as it is."
Another gentleman of the House is quoted to
have said:
"In the ease of the alternative being presented of the
continuance of slavery or a dissolution of the Union, lam
for dissolution, and I caie not how quick it comes."
The abolition press, James Watson Webb:
l- [f the Republicans fail at the ballot-box we Mtall be
compelled to drive back the slavencracy with fire and
hW0ld.,>
Garrison:
" I have said, and 1 say again, that in proporlion to the
growth of disunion will be the giowth ot republicanism.
The Union is.i lie. The American Union is an imposture,
a covenant with death and an agreement with hell. I am
for its overthrow."
This feeling is revived; all "belonging to this ;
Administration of the old school, disuniomst ,
and abolitionist, drink it in like water; it is called I
the life of the nation, and the Constitution and j
Union are contemned so the abolitionists succeed, j
Mr. Jcliant, of the House, says: |
" Should both Congress and the courts stand in the way j
of the nation's life, then the red lightnings ot the people's •
wiath consume the recreant who refuses to', .execute,the
popular will; not even the Constitution must be dHowefl
to hold back the uplifted arta of the Government.'"
Such is the radical political spirit of the tiraea,
all revived bv these men, in times so appalling
when all is at stake; not even the Constitution
must be permitted to hold back the uplifted arm
of Government to save the naUon's.life. This is
truly startling to the true, sober patriot. Is it
not the essence of revolution, ana needs but a
blow to make it rebellion ? Whata feaffu! cKahge!
What ftordl dereliction! But hear frbm their
pulpit. Read Br. Bellows:
" It is no l nger a war in defense of tfi'e Union, the Con-
stitution, and thti enforcement of the laws; it is n war to
be carried on noMonger with the aim of reestablishing the
Union and the Constitution,with their old compromises.
God means not to let us off with any half-way work. I
am now convinced, and I consider it ttie most humane,
the most economical,and inost statesmanlike', now to take
the most radical ground possible; to ossuirte that this is a
war for the subjugation or extermination of all persons
who wish to maintain the slave power; a war to get-rid of
slaveiy and slaveholders, whether it Is constitutional or
not."
Thus you see extermination and perjury main-
tained in the.pulpit; not one whisper of t( peace
on earth and good will to men." Wendell Phil-
lips says.
" No man has a right to be surprised at this state tif
things. It is just what, the abolitionist and disunionist have
attempted to bring about. There is merit in the Repub-
lican party ; it j>? the first sectional party ever organized in
this country. It does not know its own facfe, but calls itself
national; but it is not national; it is sectional. The Re-
publican party is a party ol the North pledged against the
South."
So you see from the stand-pointof politics, the
press, and the pulpit,at a glance where we stand,
the prospectand condition of the country. What-
ever you may call those in power, it is easily in-
ferred there is a settled purpose, while they would
subserve their purposes in putting: down the re-
bellion, their paramount object now is to extin-
guish slavery without the slightest regard to the
Constitution, to the rights of States, or of loyal
citizens. 1 quote these things, notfactiously,but
with mortification, feeling it my duty to my friends
and mycountryto show the temperand tendency
of the men in power. The Senate have already
decided the negro shall have a vote with the white
man. The House has decided all lands sold for
taxes, or confiscated, shall be made by law home-
steads for the negro, the South subjugated or ex-
terminated, and their State governments held as
Territories until reorganized by one tenth of th6
voters,and these perhaps late emigrants and free
negroes. This is the policy.
Mr. Chairman, can you notsee in all this why
there is such an aversion on their part to concili-
ation, to any mention or hearing of one syllable
about peace, no matter how it comes or where it
may originate? Sir, I am for peace, an honorable
peace any time to stop this war. War is always a
curse; and a peace consistent with the integrity of
the Union, the operation of the Constitution and
laws of the land in all their force every where upon
American soil and under our Federal jurisdiction,
is just what was the object of the war; and peace
upon these terms would thrill with joy every
philanthropic and patriotic heart, and bow the
nation in thanksgiving and praise around the
throne of God. Why this coyness about peace?
Do you fear without war you cannot accomplish
your purposes, cannot wipe out slavery if this
war terminates? Must you have the war and the
power of the Government both to accomplish your
purpose? Suppose the war ceases, or your power
ceases; then how are you to succeed? You must
get clear of the Constitution, its grants, its limita-
tions, its warranties, its compromises, or con-
tinue the war to override them, if you are determ-
ined to wipe out slavery. There is bufr one
other way left to separate you from slavery, and
that is disintegration while you have the power!
And this would be consistent with your first les-
sons in the old school of abolition. But you have
possibly considered these things, all of them.
The issue you make has been prophesied. Mr.
Clay said, in 1851:
" The great issue before the country is this: shall abo-
litionism put down the Union or shall the Union put down
abolitionism ? With them the rights of property are noth-
ing j the deficiency of the powers of the General Govern-
ment are nothing; the acknowledged and incontestable
powers of the States are nothing; civil war, a dissolution
