1M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
Now, sir, I will procced a little with the other
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
They are par nobile fratrum* I do not know, ac-
cording to their ideas, which is the grandest and
greatest. According to my own I do not know
which is least, which is most false to the Consti-
tution and to the loyalty that is justly due to their
Government and to the Constitution and Union
of these States. They come in here and make
an exhibit of this almost daily that is abhorrent
to every man who has any moral principle.
But, sir, the other Senator from Massachusetts,
the cliairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
the representative of war, "Horrid war," in the
Senate, declared in a speech at Syracuse, New
York, October 29, 1859:
"I tell you, fellow-citizens, the Harper's Ferry outbreak
was tlic legitimate consequence of the teachings of the
Republican patty."
Sir, that is the truth, and it is a lesson which the
Senator sought to inculcate; which every traitor
who meditated the dissolution of the Union and
the deprivation of the slave-owners of the South
of the protection and guarantee which that instru-
ment gave to their property—it was a lesson lead-
ing to an act which they all meditated. Sir, what
can we think of a man who so boldly and defi-
antly announces it? There was a murderous,
bloody, and treasonable raid by John Brown upon
the Commonwealth of Virginia, carrying blood
and violence and treason and crime into a peace-
ful community, far distant from his residence; and
the Senator avows that this act was the legitimate
result of the teachings, as everybody knows that
it was, of the Republican party.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer you to wait until I get
rough.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that the
records of the Senate show that that statement is
not correct. I never made any such assertion.
Mr. Hunter once brought it up in the Senate,and
I referred to the speech which I actually made, in
which i stated precisely the opposite doctrine.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the Senator's explana-
tion. I withdraw that charge; but I will bring
up another, and see what answer he will make to
that.
On the 20th day of November, 1859—
({ A large and enthusiat.tie meeting of the citizens of this
town [Nauck, Massachusetts] was called to consider the
following resolutions:
" Whereas resistance to tyrants is ohcdicnce to God:
Therefore,
" Resolved, That it is the highest duty of the slaves to re-
sist their masters; ami it is the right and duty ot the peo-
ple of the North to incite slaves to resistance and aid them
in it."
My information is that that Senator was pres-
ent at this meeting when this resolution passed,
and that it passed nemine contradicente, and the
Senator's voice was not raised in remonstrance
against the atrocity of the sentiment expressed
iu that resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Docs the Senator wish an ex-
planation now?
Mr. DAVIS. Is it any denial ?
Mr. WILSON. I have to say simply this:
that was a meeting called by some anti-slavery
men whom we denominate in our country as the
44Garrison abolitionists." Some seven or eight
hundred persons went to the meeting as lookers-
on, and did not vote or disturb the meeting, or
take any part in it. Probably not over seven or
eight men voted on that resolution, or had any
part in it. Not one in twenty of those who were
present had any sympathy with the meeting; but
it was a meeting called by other persons, and they
did not wish to interfere with it. My own views
were fully expressed at the time in a letter deny-
ing any sympathy with it whatever, and in con-
demnation of it.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the Senator's explana-
tion; but I think he was ata very improper place,
and in very bad company. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, 1 will say one word as to
negro insurrections, and in relation to the policy
of the Government in arming and organizing ne-
gro soldiers. 1 have some knowledge of negro
nature. I have studied it from my infancy. I
know of no people that have kinder or more be-
nevolent feelings toward a race whom they deem
to be their inferiors than have the slaveholders of
Kentucky towaid their slaves. I know of no
slaveholder who would not imperil his life if it
were necessary to defend his slave from wrong
and violence. If to support this war in its just
and proper conduct in the proper mode of cairy-
ing it on, slavery had fallen as a necessary con-
sequence, I know of no man in the State of Ken-
tucky who is for the Union that would have made
any complaint. It would have presented itself to
them in this aspect: here is an alternative, the
preservation of the Union or the overthrow of
slavery; and my colleague of the other House,
who owns about two hundred slaves, and every
slaveholder in the State who is a Union man, would
have yielded his slaves,just as he would any of his*
other property, to the exigencies of the war and
to the just demands of the Government in carry-
ing; it on. All that we asked was that slaves should
share the fate of other property in this war; that
the war should not be carried on for their defense
nor for the destruction of the institution. We
believed that all policy to make slaves a compo-
nent part of the Army would result disastrously
to the Governmentand to the country, and I have
no doubt whatever that this has proved true. But
we protested and will continue to protest against
making war upon the property of loyal people.
Mr. President, I know the nature of the slaves
of that population. There have been contem-
plated slave insurrections in Virginia; some in
the State of Kentucky. We all know the extent
of the outrages that ensued in the insurrection of
the slaves of San Domingo. This is a general
law in relation to the white and black races: the
black race desires the white race; and whenever
there is an insurrection consummated, or sup-
pressed in its embryo, the leaders of the insurrec-
tion generally select in anticipation for themselves
the handsomest and most attractive white women
for their wives. That is a law of the race; and
wherever there is an extensive insurrection, and
violence and passion and lust obtain the ascend-
ent, the outrageous enormities that are and will
be perpetrated by the black race are fearful and
too horrid to narrate. Nevertheless, I will recite
one that occurred on the Bayou Teche in western
Louisiana.
It was communicated to me by a citizen of one
of those parishes on that bayou, a Mr. Carlie, a
Spanish Creole, a loyal man, a gentleman, a man
of intelligence, and of as true integrity to the Gov-
ernment and the Union as there is in it. He had
a son who had reached the years of manhood. He
urged the noble and educated youth to take a po-
sition in the Atmy as a piivate, that he might
learn the art of war and acquire the capacity for
subordinate command. \Tho young man did so.
He served out his time, and at the end his father
procured him a second lieutenancy. He returned
to Virginia to join his regiment and assume his
command; but before he reached their rendezvous
they had left for Gettysburg. He followed on,
and reached Gettysburg during the protracted
conflict. He shouldered his musket, took his po-
sition as a private in the ranks, and there poured
out his young life, and it and all the bright hopes
of a fond father were offered there upon the altar
of his country.
His father narrated to me this fact. There was a
Mr. Bouchet,a creole planteron the Bayou Teche,
a mat) (if wealth, of education, and of refine-
ment. He was aged, was paralytic, and helpless.
The march of armies drove from his neigh hoi hood
all of his friends, leaving him and his motherless
daughter exposed and unprotected. A negro sol-
dier wealing the uniform of the United States
came to thin defenseless house, and there, in the
presence of the powerless father, violated the per-
son of his daughter.
Sir, that is one only of the many and untold and
most horrid incidents that have no doubt character-
ized this war. Shame and ruin, mute despair, and
blasted hopes of happiness have silenced the voice
forever of most of the victims of such diabolical
lust. Mr. President, coulct there be a stronger case
than this appealing to manhood—man the nat-
ural protector of woman—to turn from the policy
that brings such heartrending enoimities? But,
sir, such instances as these would be bi ought up
in vain to cause to relent the fanatical,fierce,and
frenzied and perverted hearts and souls of the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts. At such recitations
they would tuin with the sardonic smile of fiends
from the white woman's direst woe, from the ruin
of all that is innocent and lovely in the most cul-
tivated and attractive of the sex of the white race.
Already it is sai(|. that the white population in
some of the southern States where the negroes
have been enlisted are fleeing to places of con-
cealment and safety. The negroes know these
hiding-places, and the secret ways and paths to
them, and they are organized into the Army, and
it is boasted that they are already upon the hunt
of their victims. I can fancy the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] in a position where
he would feel something of the pride and the glory
and valor of war according to the scale and dig-
nity of his courage and great soul. It would be
heading one of those black regiments, those fiends
inflamed by infernal passions, and leading thera
on to hunt out, to murder, or to bring to a fate
more horrible than murder, these fleeing and help-
less women and children.
But, sir, I have something more to say to that
Senator. When I took my seat in this body I
found him always the most forward and most
reckless assailant of property in negroes. Ac-
cording to his judgment, I had the audacity to
remonstrate against a series of systematic meas-
ures which he introduced to assail and destroy
that property. I did this because of the great
interests of my constituents in it, and because of
the foul injustice and iniquity of the policy gen-
erally. I never could say a word by way of re-
monstrance, argument, reason, or expostulation
against those measures without receiving the
coarse and the insulting rebuke of that Senator.
I recollect on one occasion he called me to order
for speaking treasonable words, as he assumed.
He was required by the occupant of the chair to
reduce the words to writing. He recited them—
I do not recollect whether he reduced them to
writing or not—but I pronounced the words as he
reduced them to writing, or stated them, to be
untrue and false in fact. He called upon the re-
porter. The reporter read his report of my
words, and it corroborated my version and con-
tradicted that of the Senator, and then the matter
dropped.
Sir, the Senator has been a sort of general
whipper-in, not only of the Black Republican
party, but of the whole Senate. He has assumed
to rebuke, to chide, to domineer, to bully Senators
at his pleasure, without much regard to their po-
litical position. Sir, I think there ought to be
inscribed on his most impudent front the words,
"The self-constituted gaggerof the Senate."
Mr. WILSON. 1 call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator, in
the opinion of the Chair, is out of order. Such
language is unbecoming a Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I will withdraw it, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say in regard to the
words about which I called the Senator to order
that he knows, as does every Senator about me,
that I have never undertaken to dictate to any-
body or to bully anybody or to treat anybody
unkindly. If 1 have utteied an unkind word to
a member in the heat and excitement of debate I
have always been prompt to tender an apology,
and am always willing to doit.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator knows the con-
trary.
Mr. WILSON. I leave it to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. There is the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Cahlile,] who received the rudest and
most insulting lebuke from that Senator that I
have ever heard delivered in a deliberative body.
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. I rise to a question of or-
der. The whole tenor of the speech of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, for the last houratleast, has
been, as it seems to me, a personal attack upon
the Senators from Massachusetts, and is clearly
out of order. It is always a painful sensation to
me to rise to a question of order upon any Sen-
ator; but I feel constrained cither to call the Sen-
ator to order or to leave the Senate Chamber. I
think it beneath the dignity of the body to sit
here and allow these personal attacks to go on at
such interminable length. I could pardon it if it
was a single expression in the heat of the mo-
ment; but when it is so continuous and at such
great length, I think it entirely out of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to say one word in
explanation. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] made three speeches for my ex-
pulsion from the Senate. How many opprobrious
epithets and what abusive and vituperative lan-
guage did he use and pjie up against me in each
and all of them?
