122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
[June 2,
38th Cojjg. ... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Grider.
Ho. of Reps.
of the Union, and the overthrow of a Government in which
are concentrated the fondest hopes of the civilized world
are nothing. A single idea has taken possession of their
mind, and onward they pursue it, overlooking all barriers,
reckless and regardless of ail consequences."
Sir, what said General Jackson about the abo-
lition power now revived and organized?
"The abolition party is a disloyal organization ; its pre-
tended love for freedom means nothing more nor less than
civil war and a dissolution of the Union. Honest men of
all parties should unite to expose their intentions and ar-
rest their progress."
The measures of the Administration, so far as
they mark a peculiar party, are in pursuance and
in conformity to the views of the most ultra abo-
litionist, with some exceptions, in House and
Senate; and of this party, by the wise and great
just passed away, terrible denunciations have
been uttered by such as knew them best. Mr.
Webster said:
te Let these infernal fanatics get possession of the Gov-
ernment and they will treat the decisions of the Supreme
Court vvitli contempt; they will make laws to suit them-
selves ; they will lay violent hands on all that disagree with
them; they will bankrupt the country and finally deluge
it m blood."
Much of all this evil has resulted from chang-
ing the policy and purpose of the war, or adding
to the original purpose of the war. Our policy
ought never to have changed; the necessity font
was a fiction, and worse, it has protracted the
great evil, increased the flood-tide of blood being
pouted out on the battle-field, and disheartened
the gallant and brave that did and would again
volunteer at the first tap of the drum. Had the
Crittenden resolutions been pursued, we should
have no conscription, no arming of slaves, no
onerous taxes, no dread of bankruptcy. These
ore the fruits of your policy and your change.
The dread evil is sttll lingering on and is to be
pressed till the full consummation, and the last
negro that survives the camp, the field, and star'
vation, is to be free and brought to the polls.
This is to be done in the South and in all bor-
der States that do not become demoralized and
relinquish their constitutional rights. The eman-
cipation of skives in the District of Columbia,
without the consent of their owners or a vote from
the people, fixing your own value on them with-
out their concurrence, and paying for them out
of the Treasury, with large incidental expenses
for contrabands, was your beginning. The con-
fiscation bill aimed at slavery; the additional ar-
ticle of war passed, so as to make it a high of-
fense for an officer of the Army to return a runa-
way slave, and refusing to make it a like offense
to entice away a slave. This law was against
all Federal and Stateauthonty; nullifies the stat-
utes of Kentucky and the fugitive slave law. The
acts of the Legislature of Kentucky (see Revised
Statutes, page 634) provide against the abduc-
tion of slaves, or by any means seducing them
or removing them from their owners,or exciting
them to insurrection, and punishes these offenses
with (upon conviction) imprisonment. If the
State was left to the exercise of its civil jurisdic-
tion it would not so outrage all right; but martial
law and military enforcement overwhelm State
authority. Your conscript bill and its amend-
ments enlisting slaves as soldiers, and a series of
successive like unconstitutional acts, for which
you are responsible and the country will hold
you to an account, all aim at the extinguishment
of slavery; and, in fact, well known in point of
expense, delay, and other embarrassments, cal-
culated to encourage and excite the South, injure
and mortify the truly well-tried loyal border
States, and retard the attainment of peace, if not
finally defeat the suppression of the rebellion,
except at the cost of blood and treasure fearful
indeed, and unequaled in the annals of time. In
Kentucky (see article seven, title Militia)—
" The militia of tins Commonwealth shall consist of all
fiec, able-bodied male persons (negroes, mulattoes, and
Indians excepted) resident m the same, between the ages
of eighteen and forty-live years,"
These are the militia of Kentucky, and in the
eighrh section of the Federal Constitution, in
regard to organizing, arming, and disciplining
the militia employed in the service of the United
States, it is expiessiy reserved to the States " the |j
appointment of the officers and the authority of ij
training the militia," &c., both of which con- ||
 titutionol rights were denied under the conscript
bill, as I understand it. Article second of Amend-
ments to Federal Constitution provides:
"A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security
of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed."
Here is a guarantee to the State to regulate and
arm her militia; to the people, citizens, residents
of the States, not slaves, not non-residents. Who
does not know that the laws of Kentucky pro-
hibit and have a right to prohibit slaves from
carrying or bearing arms? Is there nothing in
State laws, nothing in usage, nothing in prece-
dent, nothing in acquiescence? From the founda-
tion of the Government, when and where were
slaves enrolled as the militia of the country?
Sir, I raise the question, and I insist that as the
State has the only power to say who shall con-
stitute her militia, and has excluded negroes, al-
though the Federal Government is entitled to the
quota from States drawn from her militia, yet she
cannot say who the militia are. Very much de-
pends upon the enrollment by the State, the usage
of the State, and the meaning of the terms used
at the time the constitutions were ordained, both
Federal and State. When they were formed,
does any one conceive or pretend that slaves
were meant and included under the term militia?
They looked to the enrollment in the Adjutant
General's office to find out who the militia were.
They found no negroes there. This was the
meaning and application then, its true meaning
and application now. I do not deny they can be
used by the Army as property, but i deny they
can be used as militia. None but citizens can
constitute militia. Slaves are not citizens. Must
we not know what militia means and where they
are recorded? L know they are persons, but this
is no argument; so foreigners are persons, but
they are not citizens. Females are persons and
citizens, but they are not enrolled and constitute
no part of the militia. The Federal Government
can ''raise and support armies," " piovide and
maintain a navy," but this is a general power
granted and incident to the existence of all gov-
ernments; but our Government, knowing that the
main defense of the nation depends upon her cit-
izen soldiers, her militia, has provided explicitly
for the very crisis upon us, and other clauses but
come in aid of this great power and sacred trust.
Section eight, fourteenth specific grant:
" Congress shall have power to ptovlde foi calling forth
the militia to execute the. Luvs of the Union, suppress in-
sunections, and repel invasions."
This is what we are supposed to be doing; this
is what we first did; and under this clause of the
Constitution, in my judgment, it requires a rad-
ically false interpretation to embrace slaves. It
never was intended or meant by the framers of
our constitutions; and the intent of the authors
of the instruments, especially in a doubtful case,
is always the best manifestation of their mean-
ing. Take this, however, altogether, and it seems
to mo there is no doubt. This, too, is sufficiently
shown from our history, that after our Govern-
ment has existed almost a century, had three
wars, foreign wars, no new enrollments have been
ordered, no new militia fiat has been pronounced,
no slavesenlisted. Heretofore those taken in the
Army as laborers and servants, when lost by the
casualties of war, have been paid for by the Gov-
ernment as property. This distinction has al-
ways obtained and would now remain undis-
turbed, if the men in power had not decreed in
their hearts "slavery must be wiped out," no
matter what are the suggestions of usage, history,
and the provisions of the Constitution. But if
you put the slave in ditch, or camp, or fort as a
laborer or waiter, and you put him in the field as
a soldier, how is it by the one case he is- made
free, in the other he is not? This freedom, of
couise, is all of giacc; but where is the rule to
distinguish by authority or constitutional law?
1 know of none. It is not the want of negro sol-
diers that has produced this boldest strike at sla-
very. No, it will do the Army more harm than
goo'd; it will dinwnish rather than increase it of
reliable troops; hut the present policy has de-
cided upon it, I suppose upon Mr. Julian's pol-
icy. He says:
"Cases may arise in which patriotis-m itself may demand
that wo trample on the mo5t vital principles of the Consti-
tution, and this has been done aheady by the present Adr
ministration under the evige-neie.* of the war."
This is honest, but abominable.
This sentiment is fearfully, but I fear hope-
lessly, rebuked by Judge Collamer, even in ihe
Senate:
" I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate, unless
I am compelled to do so at some stag" of this buMiie<-«, by
making any remarks about the Constitution of the United
Mates. I think it is a subject almost of derision here;
with many gentlemen it is a Mibject of derision. As it is
so in a great measure, and a man is sneered at for men-
tioning the Constitution, and it he lias a decent iexpect for
it and for his own oath he is called a timid man, (or, as we
say in the West, tender-footed.) not rou«h-shod,and leady
to trample even the Constitution under his feet."
Again, Mr. Trumbull:
"Sir, it is of a piece with a declaration that T have
heard sometimes in this Chamber, and have always re-
gretted when I heard it, and that was that it mattered not
whether a thing was constitutional or not. Sir, th is Gov-
ernment cannot be saved, constitutional liberty cannot be
saved, unless we save it under the Constitution. We are
fishtlng for liberty, regulated by law, for constitutional lib-
erty."
Your enlisting and drafting the slave is against
law, and a crying injustice to him. Your bounty
and pay to the owner is a mockery to a gentle-
man and kind friend of the slave. You depreciate
the property, fix yourself a pitiful and niggardly
price, so depreciated without his consent or con-
currence, and hypociitically and falsely assume
you have paid, or offered to pay, for the slave as
property. No such thing. It is like a man who
wants my house and lotin town. He first comes
and burns down my improvements, and then
drives me off the premises by force, and after-
wards promises to pay me, and boasts of his kind-
ness and generosity. Is this the liberty we are
fighting for? No! no! weare fighting fovliberty
regulated by law, for constitutional liberty. The
Constitution and laws of the land warrant slavery;
this no one denies; but it so shocks the piety of
these holy Puritans I will quote an explanation
for them. This is about the truth upon this sub-
ject:
"Religiously considered, slavery is not to he regarded as
a divine institution, like the sacrament of the Lord"s sup-
per or the marriage covenant, but as a providential condi-
tion of society, recognized and regulated by the Holy Scrip-
ture®, and as such to be tolerated by Chustian people wlxjre
it exists by law, always acting in strict conformity to the
inspired precept concerning it. This is according to the
course pursued by Christ and His apostles., and tiu-> i> the
view given by every standard commentator on the Htble.
Slaveiy politically considered is an institution ot our coun-
try which each State has a perfect right to tolerate or re-
pudiate at pleasure. A115' interference m the matter on the
part of one State or section of the country toward another
is a breach of covenant between the parties w Inch every
Christian patriot and citizen should deploie and lebuke"
if the principles contained in these two propositions had
been duly regarded, who believes this nation would now
be involved m such a terrible conflict?"
If the abolitionist and secessionist had both
regarded these propositions, how peaceful, pros-
perous, and happy would our country now be!
But it is said slavery was the cause of the war.
This is not philosophic nor true. A want of re-
ligious principle and political integrity was the
cause of the war, and although the unrestrained
passions may have been excited by the agitation
of slavery, slavery was not the cause; the agita-
tion was; and if there had not existed this cause
of agitation, some other cause would, especial!}'
amidst sectional and foolish jealousies, mingled
witii bad feeling, envy, and malice. Nothing can
override these passions, so injurious, but self-re-
spect, high, unselfish, moral principle,and theie-
straints ofthe law and the Constitution; and these
must be enforced by good and loyal men, both
against the rebels and the abolitionists, and the
Government thus preserved in all its glory and
majesty.
The border States have been peculiarlyexposed
and embarrassed, injured and insulted by inva-
sions and raids by the rebels. Adhering to the
Constitution, the laws, and the flag of our coun-
try, the border States had a right to look for the
respect and protection of their legal and constitu-
tional privileges; they did notdmun that to sup-
press the rebellion the rights of the loyal would
| be assailed, or that the Constitution was so feeble
that its supremacy must be upheld only by a vio-
lation of its own provisions. Such, however, has
been the policy to which they have been sub-
jected by the Government since the purpose has
been fixed to extinguish slavery, in not only the
disloyni but loyal States. If it has not be,vn done
