1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
word in the Constitution and denies that there is
anything in it which, interpreted fairly, accord-
ing to the rules which govern the interpretation
of such instruments, can refer to any such subject.
Mr. SUMNEfi. I did not say " upon any such
subject." I &uid sanctioning slavery or slave-
hunting.
Mr. FOSTER. Very well. That is what I
mean by the subject. I will not quibble about
terms. I will, Mr. President, with permission,
read three clauses of the Constitution. The first
of them is under scclion two of the first article:
" Representatives nrtd direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included within
this Union,, according to then- icspuetive number?, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service tor a term of
years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all
other persons.55
That is rather a peculiar phrase.
Mr. SUMNER. la there anything there sanc-
tioning slavery?
Mr. FOSTER. I am not talking about slavery.
I merely say that the expression 44 three fifths of
a(i oilier persons" is a peculiar phrase. Section
nine of the same article provides:
"The migration,or importation of suctvpersons as arty
of tho State-, now existing shall think pioper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congiess prior to the year J SOS;
but a tax or duty may be imposed on such impoitauon not
exceeding ten dollar* for each person." "" if
The words 44 such persons" and the word#
"each person" m that section are a little peculi^-*
I say nothtpgaboutslavery justnow. 1 will n®
one other clause which is under the second section
of the fourth article:
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m consequence
of any law or regulation therein, he di-ohar«ed from s-ueii
service oi labor, but shall be dehvcied up on claim of the
puny to whom &uch service or labor may be due."
£n intelligentforeigner, who had known noth-
ing of our institutions, but who understood the
English language well, who should have this
Constitution put in his hands and have his atten-
tion called pnrticuluily to these tlnee clauses
which 1 have read, i think would be a little puz-
zled to understand precisely what was meant.
They would be of dilHcult interpretation to such
a man. They may not be entirely free from dif-
ficulty to the wisest among us, who have been
born in the country and have grown up in con-
nection with its history, and who may be famil-
iar w iih that history; but to such poisons I think
theie is no gieat difficulty in aruviug at a satis-
factory result as it ugaids what each of these
sevrr.il clauses fairly moans. Let me read again
the clause winch 1 last lead:
"No pt'rMm held 10 heiviee m labor in one Slate, under
the law* thereof, e>eapm^ into another, shall, m conse-
quence of any l.uv oi regulation tlieicm, be di-rhaiged hum
such service or labor, but shall b ' delivered up on elaim
of the party to whom &ueh set vice or labor may be due."
I think if we can find out in either of these
clauses what the word *4 person" tenlly means
in any of them it aids us gieatly in asceitaimng
its moaning m each of the other clauses. It is, I
believe, a well settled and sound rule of interpre-
tation, when you get at the meaning of a form in
any parvt of an instrument you may apply that
meaning.to it in other pmts where it occurs. In
light of that i will read the first clause again:
14 Xleprpsentativea and direct taxes shall be appoitioned
among the several States which may he included within
this Union, according to their lebpeetive number, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole ntimbei uflrco
persons including tho,<j bound to •umvhtj fur a teim of
years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three iittiis of all
other persona."
Who were those persons tlmt were there de-
scribed as 44 all other persons?"
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has omitted one
clause. I know he wishes to make his argument
complete. I call his attention to this, 44 No per-
son shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law;" winch, of couisc
must be construed in connection with all the other
clauses of the Constitution, particularly as it be-
gins with the words 44 no person."
Mr. FOSTER. There :s no difficulty as to
that clause. It is one of the class of prohibitions
imposed on Congress, not on the States. Where
prohibitions or restraints on power arc imposed
on the States it is so specified; otherwise they
apply to Congress.
But i was commenting- upon the first clause
which I have read,and I say that " three fifths of
all other persona" at tho close of the clause which
1 have read means some persons; that is sure;
and what class of persons ? To begin with, they
are not 44 free persons," because they are dis-
posed of in another part of the same clause. They
are not 44 those bound to service for a term of
years," because those are disposed of in another
part of the clause. They are not 44 Indians not
taxed," because they arc excepted out and dis-
posed of otherwise. Who are they? I do not
know that the honorable Senator has any answer.
My answer is that by 44 other persons" there
was meant those unfortunate, unhappy beings
who in certain States of this Union were held as
slaves. That is my explanation of that clause.
If the honorable Senator, or anybody, can give
a better one, I shall be happy to hear him.
Then we come to the next: '
"The migration or importation of such persons as any
of the State? now existing-diall think pioper toadinit,shall
not be piohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808,
but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not
exceeding ten dollars' foi each person."
Who is meant by 44 persons" in that clause?
Does it mean free persons? Does it mean per-
sons held to labor for a term of yeais? Does it
mean Indians not taxed ? Does it mean appren-
tices? I apprehend the honorable Senator will
not affirm that it means either of those classes of
persons. Whom does it mean? It means, in
my opinion, that class of most wretched beings
who at that time weie being brought into this
country from the coast of Africa, natives of that
ill-fated clime, to be consigned to slavery on the
shores of this country. It means those persons,
and it means that Congress shall be prohibited
from stopping the importation of such persons
into the country until the year 1808, although a
tux may be imposed on the persons so brought
into the country, not exceeding ten dollars for
each person. That is the meaning of the clause,
in my opinion. Does the honorable Senator think
it meant or means apprentices ? At the time the
Convention was held to deliberate upon the Con-
stitution, what portion of the country was insist-
ing on t!*;it clause? There is no dispute about
that; U was the South. The South wanted that
clause to remain in the Constitution, and the
North, at least poitionsof the North, were op-
posed to it. Why did the South want it, and
whydid the North oppose it ? The South wanted
it, because they were bringing in this class of
persons. What species of persons were they ?
Were they apprentices which South Carolina,
Georgia, and tho other slave States were bringing
into this country from Africa, and which the
northern poition of the country desued to stop?
Was South Carolina so desirous of bringing ap-
prentice boys from Africa that the North rose up
against it and endeavored to stop it, and finally
compromised that they should be allowed to stop
it as early as the year 1808, otherwise South
Carolina would still have gone on bringing ap-
prentice boys into this country against the will
of the North to this day?
Mr. President, no man can urge such an argu-
ment as that seriously. It is not in the nature
of things that anybody can believe that South
Carolina was importing or wished to import
apprentice boys. She was engaged in altogether
another pursuit; and this provision of the Con-
stitution gave to the Congress power to put a
stop to that importation after twenty years, but
during that time tho traffic went on.
Then we come to the third clause, which has
been read frequently enough, without reading it
again, which is familiarly called the fugitive slave
clause; and the question is, what is the meaning
of44 person" in thatelause? The honorable Sen-
ator, as I understand, claims that j t means appren-
tices and that it does not mean slaves. When
has tiie claim been made in this country that that
clause in the Constitution did not refer to slavi s :
What js the origin and history of that claim? It
is of very recent date, comparatively. The
avowal of it, I believe, is confined to a very small
number of persons. Tne most ardent and the
earliest anti-slavery men m this country had no
hesitation in agreeing that that clause of the Con-
stitution meant slaves, and imposed upon the free
States the obligation to return on claim slaves who
should escape within their limits from the slave
States. Those who have held the contiary opinion
are, as I believe, exceedingly few. The honor-
able Senator is one. I cannot of my own knowl-
edge name one more. There may be others;
doubtless there are; but I have not been so for-
tunate as to hear them make the avowal, and I
would charge such an opinion on nobody unless
he avowed it.
In this connection, I would call attention to the
acts of Congress prohibiting the slave trade. I
have in my hand Brightley'sDigest,containing^
digest of the acts relating to the slave trade, be-
ginning in 1794 and running on to 1807. On the
2d of March, 1807, the Congress of the United
States enacted—
"That if any ship or vessel shall be found, from and
after the 1st day of January, 1808, in any river", port, bay,
or harbor, or on the high seas, within the jurisdictional
limits of the United States, or hoveringftn the coast there-
of, having on board any negro, mulatto, or person of color,
for the purpose of selling them as slaves-, or with intent to
land the same in any port or place within the jurisdiction
of the United States, contrary to the prohibition of this
act, every f-uch ship or vessel, together with her tackle,
apparel, and furrlitme, and the goods or eftects winch shall
tnd on board the same, shall be forfeited to the use
uT the United States, and may be seized, prosecuted, and
condemned in any couit of the United States having
jurisdiction thereof."
I allude to it only to show that the Congress of
the United States, with the provision of the Con-
stitution before them relative to 44 migration,"
which I have read, followed it up and passed a
law imposing severe penalties on those found
engaged in the trade of bringing slaves into the
United States from the very first day that under
the Constitution they had the power to do it..
Will any man, therefore,in the view of all this,
say that these clauses of the Constitution do not
refer to slaves? It is true that if aman asserts
that they do not, there is no mode of positively
making him admit the contrary. If I should say
to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
when he uses his favorite illustration that two
and two make four, that they do not make four,
and should call upon him to prove it, with all his
powers both of logic and rhetoric he might be
somewhat troubled positively to demonstrate that
truth. So any other man who says that these
clauses, taken in connection with their surround-
ings, do not show that the Constitution of the
United States, in the provisions to which I have
called attention, had reference to slaves, is prob-
ably past any hope of being convinced so far aa
reasoning is concerned.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to put him ft question just there ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly, any question; but
I do not promise to answer it, because if it is
one which the honorable Senator cannot answer
himself, I presume I cannot.
Mr. SUMNER. I can answer it very easily.
Mr. FOSTER. Very well, then, if it is not
for lhe«6enator's information, I do not know but
that he had better not ask it. [Laughter.]
Mi. SUMNER. But it enters into this argu-
ment. There is a rule of interpretation, as I un-
derstand, that where any language can be inter-
preted in two different ways, one favorable and
the other odious, you aie then, in obedience to
that commanding rule, to interpiet the language
in the favorable sense; you are to ieject the odious
interpretation. There is also a second uile that
you are to interpret all language that is suscep-
tible of two different significations in favor of
freedom. The language m the clause under con-
sideration is clearly applicable to apprentices and
the large class of rcdemptioners. Applying it to
them, it is completely exhausted, and that appli-
cation is favorable, it is not odious. Now, the
question 1 wish to ask the Senator is whether he
can put upon thatelause the odious interpretation
without violating those two commanding rules of
in lei pretation ?
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, what I can or
cannot do personally, is a matter of very little im-
portance. That tho men who made this Consti-,
tution, and all men with very few exceptions who
have lived from that time to the present, believed
this clause to refer to fugitne slaves, is a fact
which cannot be denied. The honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts admitted yesterday, and
I presume will admit to-day, that he believes the
men who made this Constitution understood that
they had put such a clause into it; that is to say,
Roger Sherman, Elbudge Gerry, and the other
great men who sat in the Convention that framed
the Constitution, supposed they had put such a
clause into it, and the Pinckneys and Madisons
and other men living in the South, also supposed
that such a clause was put into it, and they all
