1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1m
intended, he says, to do it. That the honorable
Senator admits, and still I understand him to as-
sert, after all, that they did no.t use apt words to
carry out that intention, and. therefore under the
rules which are to he applied to the instrument,
no such interpretation can be given.
Now, Mr. President, as the Senator seems
anxious to appeal to rules of interpretation, and
as in his argument yesterday he alluded to what
was equitable, and said that he who asks equity
must do equity, I will put liim a question. Take
a case where two parties have made a contract in
which on both sides they supposed they had
inserted such a stipulation as would enable one
party to have fr<^Q the other a certain thing. Both
sides so understand the instrument when it is
framed; but it turns-out on examination that the
instrument does not fully contain the stipulation.
It is susceptible, as my friend from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] suggests, of another construction.
In that state of things, the party who is to perform
the obligation refuses to petfuim it, and compels
his co-contracting party to do what professionally
is termed file a bili in chancery, calling him into
court to reform the contract; and on such a bill
alleging and proving that the parties intended to
make u contract of a specified character, to put
such stipulations into it as to effect that object;
that they attempted to do it and thought they had
done it, but by mistake or accident failed to do
it;*l ask where there ever was a chancellor, where
there ever was a court of equity that would not
reform the contract and put these words into the
contract, ami make the party perform it ?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator puts me, that
question. 1 answer directly that any court of
• equity that would undertake to reform a confiact
so as to make it a violation of the laws of God
ought to cease to be a court of equity. The court
shut the Senator now indicates would be unworthy
;o be called a court; ho would bean unjust judge.
1 therefore meet the inquiryofthe Senatoi. He
Pays that I have laid down the rule that he who
asks<quity must do equity; he who comes into
-u coui t of equity must do equity; and if he asks
to have a contract explained or reformed, it must
lie always in obedience to the commanding laws
of God. The Senator asks the laws of God to
be set aside and the laws of Satan to be installed
instead.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator is becoming a
little reverent, [laughter,] and uses terms winch
perhaps may be appiopnate; that is a matter of
taste. His Inst assertion is pointed, but un-
founded. He has wandered, however, very much
fiom the inquiry, and diveiged fiom the line of
-argument on winch we were both going, diverged
at right angles, gone off in a tangent. We were
on the question whether or not such a clause was
m the Constitution. We were not discussing
its moral or religious bearings or character. If
the clause is not fattly found in she Constitution,
there is an end of the matter. If it is there, an-
other question may arise. The Senator has thus
far rested on the ossei Lion that it is uottheie. Is
that ground abandoned ?
Mr. SUMNER. We are talkingabout its in-
terpretation by a court,and I say that a court
must interpret it in obedience to these command-
ing tules. The court is unworthy to he called a
court if it does not. The very case that the Sen*
ator lias put is one which completely answers
himself; U overthiows his whole speech.
Mr. FOSTER. Then thcgentleman may make
his so much the shorter. [Laughter.] It will
not be necessary for him to be further prolix. I
•was saying, Mr. President, that the honorable
Senator went off in a tangent from the line of ar-
gument. I repeat it, we were on the question
whether such a cleuse was or was not in the Con-
stitution, whether a legal and just interpretation
would place such a clause there or would find
such a clause there. The honoiable Senatorsays
that it would not. I say that it would. The
Senator now goes off on another question, aban-
dons the whole line of his argument, that no such
clause is in the Constitution, and asserts that
such a clause is too wicked to be enforced. At
first our fathers were not competent, failed to
put such a clause into the Constitution, though
they intended to do so and thought they had.
Now it is claimed that such a stipulation is too 'j
wicked to be enforced. That at leastadmitsthat
the clause is in the instrument. I think the Sen- J
ator should stand on one proposition or the other,
that the clause is in the Constitution or that ir is
not. Which is'the honorable gentleman's prop-
osition now ? Is it the one or the other?
Mr. SUMNER. I say that this language is to
be interpreted with reference to the laws of God
and those commanding rules of interpretation
which even the Senator, while vindicating sla-
very, cannot disobey.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the gentleman
uses words very loosely when he talks about my
" vindicatingslavery." If he will compare records,
he will find that my anti-slavery record is much
older than his, taking him to be his own biog-
rapher, for he began to know of the barbarism of
slavery only within the past twenty years. So he
said the other day. My record goes further back,
Mr. Piesident. I am a good anti-slavery man
for more than thirty years, much more than thir-
ty. The honoiableSenatorbegan to be impressed
with its barbarism after 1844, within less than
twenty years,and he should not, therefore, charge
those who are older in the service than himself
hut not abler, I admit, with vindicating slavery.
Sir, I am vindicating an instrument made by our
fathers, and am endeavoring to look at it with the
eyes of a man of common sense and of common
understanding. 1 assume to possess no more; I
hope 1 have that; and if with common sense and
common understanding a man cah read the Con-
stitution and come to the result which the honor-
able Senator avows that he comes to as to the
legal construction of this clause, saying nothing
of the morals of the question, it only affords
another melancholy instance of how perverse and
blinded the human intellect may sometimes be-
come.
Now, Mr. President, the ground which the hon-
orable Senator takes in regard to hs being- agaiufct
the laws of God to have such a clause m the Con-
stitution, unlocks the whole argumentand shows
where the honorable Senator stands. In the first
place he wanted the law repealed because it was
unconstitutional. Then it being show-n that the
law was constitutional and if the law be repealed
the Constitution still remains,and that under that
we have to carry out this stipulation, he Hies from
that and asserts that there is no such clause m the
Constitution, and finally says our fathers could
not, as moral accountable beings, make any such
Constitution. Sir, that is a question whieh 1 do
not propose to fugue at this time I believe with
the Senator in the crime and curse of slavery. 1
believe i hat our fathers looked upon itaswe look
upon if, and believed that in the course of a few
years they would bo rid of it. I believe that the
Constitution does nothing to establish, does noth-
ing to recognize slavery as an institution or give
propei ty m man; but our fathers were not idiots,
and they knew that this, institution existed in some
of the States of the Union piotectcd by the laws
of the States wherein it was. They had fought
out together thetr independence. Tlicy were de-
sirous of forming a common bond of" government
under which they could all live. They wt reuni-
ted. Having passed through a war which had
tried the souls of the men of those days, as we are
now tried, a common peril and a common danger
had bound them together as brethren. They
were honestly desirous of forming a Constitution
which should hold the seveial States together
through the eternal future. They met, and the
result of their labors was this Constitution, in
which, as 1 have before said, they certainly do
not establish slavery nor do they recognize it, but
the instrument itself recognizes the fact that there
was such an institution in some of the States.
Does the honorable Senator take it upon him
to deny that slavery did exist as a matter of fact,
not of light, not piotected by any law human or
divine, but as a fact? Did not slavery exist in
several of the States that were parties to l his Con-
stitution? I suppose the Senator will agree that
it did. Certainly all contemporaneous history
says that under tnewo circumstances, unless they
could have their slaves restored to them if* they
escaped into the free States, any common bond
of Union was impossible.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senator to be
good enough to refer to one single scrap in the
shape of letter,speech,article,document, orany-
thmg that sustains that allegation. I utterly deny
the allegation.
Mr. FOSTER. The opinten which I read of
Mr. Justice Story is a sufficient authority for we
after I have taxed the patience.of the Senate so;
long as I have, and vfcry much longer than I ink
tended, very much longer than 1 should but for
the interruptions of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. I say that the opinion of Mr-
Justice Story which f have read, affirms that a 
true, and a truth which is familiar to every matt
who knows anything of the history of the past,
perfectly familiar.
Mr. SUMNER.- rJust the same as the opinion
o$ Chief JusticeTaney affirmed thatblack people
had no rights to be respected at that time. The
two statements are of the same character. L
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator has at
times*, not boasted, because he is not boastful, but
modestly alluded to hisintimate connection with
the late Mr. Justice Story. I have heard him
speak of that most distinguished jurist m terms
of exalted respect and regard, never, however,
higher than in my belief he deserved. If the hon-
orable Senator is now disposed by way of casting
repioach on his name and fame" 
Mr. SUMNER. No reproach.
Mr. FOSTER. No reproach! Then, Mr. Pres-
ident, what does the Senator mean by the allusion
that this statement of Mr, Jusffce Story* is of a
piece with that of Mr. Chief Justicc Taney in
regard to colored persons?—which by the way it
is asserted on pretty good authority Mr. Chief
Justice Taney never made; but no matter as to
that. If he means no reproach by it, then the
statement of Mr. Justice Story and the other
judges must be my answer to the honorable gen-
tleman's inquiry. 1 have not other books here
at hand,and if I had it would not be worth while
to rend them. To the Senate they are familiar.
To the honorable Senator I believe they are equally
familiar, but by what I have characterized, not in-
tending anything offensive by it, a strange per-
versity, the honorable Senator does not see in the
page of histoiy what every other man does see.
It is asserted, Mr. President, that because sla-
very has been the cause of this rebellion we ought
to take some steps in regard to a repeal of all laws
on this subject; and that because slavery or its
influence has stirred up the men irt the southern
States to rise in arms against the Government,
therefore we are to legislate as we would not
otherwise legislate; and we are called upon to
annul and blot out everything in our legislation
upon the subject of slavery. I agree with those
who think that slavery has been one of the effi-
cient causes of this rebellion, the efficient cause,
the moving power, and I agiee with Senators in
my desire to see that institution blotted out from
the earth at as early a day as by possibility it can
be propei ly done. I go with men here and every-
where in all lawful endeavors to put an end to this
institution, and to put such an end to it as shall
be final. But I cannot subscribe to the morality
that because certain men in ceuain States of the
Union, actuated by the love of slavery and the
desire that that interest should be a permanent
and put amount interest in the country, have risen
up and attempted to strike at the vitals of this
Government and to overthrow it, therefore we are
lelieved from all constitutional obligations.
If this be true in regard to a portion of those
inhabiting the slave States, it is not true of the
whole. As to all the States in rebellion of course
there is no question. There aiecei tain of the slave
States who yetkeep faith with us as well as we with
them. There is the State of Maryland, lepresent-
ed here by the distinguished gentleman who is so
able to represent either the s>t«tc or the country
here and every whete, and Ins most worthy and pa-
tiiotic colleague, unfortunately absent because of
a serious personal injury. There is the State of
Kentucky; there id the Stare of Missouri; there
is the Stnte of Delaware; these States have not
gone out of the Union even nominally. No State
can go out, in my opinion, but those have not nom-
inally, nor have they made any attempt togoout
of the Union. Aie we at liberty to disregard all
our constitutional obligations to the men of those
States? i hold that all the citizens m the loyal
Stales of t'ni.-i count* y, notwithstanding this rebel-
lion , have all their constitutional rights to-day that
they ever had; that it is bad faith on our part to
deny them one of those constitutional rights. It
is no very high morality to insist on that* it iw a
very low form of morality to deny u.
I bebuve, Mr. President, that justice will bt
