124
APPENDIX TO- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Amendment of the Constitution—Mr. Wheeler.
Ho. op Reps.
forth " breathing threaienirigf3,'to reorganize the
ministry as well as States. Ministers have been
deposed from their pulpits, (not Rev. Mr. Bel-
Iowa, whom I have quoted,) and others installed,
according to the papers, over their congregations
without the consent of the minister or the con-
gregation. True, ministers are not to speak evil
of the rulers of their people; they are to be sub-
ject to the powers that be, like other citizens.
These things are done without a hearing, and
with less courtesy than Agrippa bestowed upon
Paul, for Paul was permitted to speak for him-
self and be heard. 1 do not deny you can oper-
ate upon the disloyal traitors, their aiders and
abettors anywhere; but not upon all, nor any,
without any reason; upon mere suspicion or re-
port, without notice or trial. Nor do I contend
the pulpit is the appropriate place for political
and partisan edification. Still it is perfectly safe
if its labors are devoted to abolition or even dis-
union. I will be excused to quote once more
upon this subject, showing the sacredness of this
right. Free speech is only dangerous to arbitrary
power. Mr. Webster said;
i; It H the ancient and undoubted pierogatlvo oT tin*
pcoplo to canvass public measuies and the met its of pub-
he men. it is a home-hrcd right, a fnes>ide privilege. It
h.uh ever been enjoyed in every housu, cottage, ami cabin
in the nation. If i-s not to be drawn into eontiover^y. Ft
is as undoubted as breathing the air or walking on the
earth. iii-Iougiug to private lite as a right, it belongs to
public itlo as a duty, and it is the last duty which those
wIjo-sc representative I am shall find me to abandon. Aim-
ing at nil tirnns to he courteous and temperate in its use,
except when the right itself is questioned, I shall place my-
self on the exttcnio boundary of my right and bid defiance
to any aim that would move me from in) giound! This
high constitutional privilege I shall defend and exercise
within this House and in all places ; iu times of peacc and
at all times. Living [ shall assert it; and should 1 leave
no other inheritance "to my children, by the blessing of God
T will leave them the Inheritance of free puncipie* and the
example of a manly, independent, and constitutional de-
fense of them."
1 have voted to sustain these principles; I have
voted against the expulsion of members for the
exercise of this right in the expression of their
opinions. "Why not expel them, I am asked;
you expelled two members last Congress ? Be-
cause these gentlemen exercise the common privi-
lege of a high constitutional right; those had them-
selves quit Congress, and had actually and in fact
joined the rebels. These exercise a constitutional
right. Those were confessedly guilty of actual
treason. This is the difference, this is the ease;
nor did I stop to inquire whether I agreed or dis-
agreed with their opinions nor trace up their an-
tecedents, who they had voted for, or with whom
they had cooperated. These things have nothing
to uo with my duty in this House. Last Con-
gress and this I have voted with gentlemen, or
gentlemen have voted with me, to enforce the laws,
suppress insurrection,and repel invasion, and see
if i could resist that avalanche of ruin that is rush-
ing furiously from the heights of party and power
to bury in its pathway the best earthly hopes of
humanity, ana stay it if I could by the ajgis of
constitutional law. Sir, if the country does not
understand me, my constituents do. IV!y fidelity
to them shall reciprocate their confiding generos-
ity to me. I stand upon the platforms of our
State Legislature, upon the avowed principles of
the Democratic Union party of Kentucky and the
district convention—adopting these—that hon-
ored me with their nomination and their votes.
Mr. Chairman, the third congressional district
of Kentucky has seven border counties, patriotic,
enlightened, and brave. They have been over-
run, imprisoned, and robbed all over the district
by rebels. Have had our own Army, too, in our |
midst more than once, joyfully and thankfully re- 1
lieved from the lebels by them; but mortified and ;
injured by the illegal and unjustconduct of some
of our troops, recklessly using subsistence and
quartermaster's stores, vvithoutgiving any or suf-
i'cient vouchers, seducing servants of patriotic,
loyal men to leave, or retaining them in camp, to
carry them off against the remonstrance of their
'owners. Yes, sir, according to the statement of
my colleague, literally " robbing American citi-
zens of their property"'—doing it under the stars
and stripes, the emblem of our majesty and glory,
and the badge of our honor and justice! G-uer-
ullas, loo, huve plundered the stores of money
mid goods, burned, consumed, and carried off
tiu'u Mock and subsistence. Families found
wandering from home, hunting from the hand of
neighbor or fiiend, the bread to save fiom immi-
nent want. But they still clung in their hearts
to the flag of their country, their soldiers in the
field, the Constitution and the Union. They felt
that God and the flag was their refuge and strong
tower; at the first call of the country, the gallant
men of this border district had grappled their
muskets and their sabers to defend their homes
and firesides. Ordered South, leaving home, wife,
children, and friends exposed,'many have died in
the camp, and fallen gallantly and gloriously in
the field. These noble men, Kentuckians, with
their compeers in arms, have held up and sus-
tained the honor of our country and glnry of our
flag all victories—at Vicksburg, Fort Donelson,
atShiloh,and Stone River, Chickamauga, Per-
ryville, Mill Springs, everywhere !
Kentucky, this district, has paid her taxes
amid her desolated fieldsand farms,anddespoiled
of her substance; has furnished her quota, re-
cruited at first under the reign of the rebels, with-
out murmur or complaint in this distracted strug-
gle, and still stands committed to the Constitution
and the Union against all aggression from the rebels
or abolitionist either, knowing they must sur-
vive together " one and indivisible." Yet, strange
as it is true, the Representatives of Kentucky
and others have, with a becoming and respectful
zeal and fidelity, now three sessions, been asking
for a law at this House by which the citizen can
be paid for what they have actually furnished the
Army, and have utterly failed so far. Sir, this 1 e-
fusal by delay, under the circumstances, amounts
to repudiation. I will not rest under this charge
of injustice and dishonesty before the country
and my constituents. I appeal to the record, the
votes, bills, and the speeches there. I charge it
upon the majority of this House, upon the abo-
lition rule that prevails here. There rests the
injustice; there rests the responsibility.
What shall I say in conclusion? Who will
show us any good.-' What shall the future bring
forth ? Truly, everything seems in peril! Ttuly,
this is a time to try the competency and wisdom
of the people, and I repeat what I have said be-
fore: no change of times can change our duty
touching fundamental, unchanging principles. A
bad Administration will test our deliberation and
coolness in looking upon radical errors and yet
keeping ourselves in the right; waiungin suffer-
ing and wrong for redress by the results of future
constitutional agencies, let us keep in the right,
not be misled, neither favoring the rebels nor the
abolitionists, nor run into faction or nullification;
but stand like men, lit m from principle, by the
Government and the institutions of our fathers.
The Government is a constitutional Government,
and belongs to those who ordained it, the people!
There is no prerogative higher than the Consti-
tution gives belonging to any. Let the people at
the polls, in solemn and determined duty, change
the administration of public affairs, bring them
in subordination to the elementary rules of the
Government, and, with confidence and hope, re-
new our pledges under God to our Government,
its Constitution and laws. And in patience and
perseverance struggle by all lawful and honorable
means to preserve it amidst all the assumptions
and distractions with which we are surrounded.
And may God help us and the great end be fully
and speedily accomplished !
AMENDMENT Or TOD CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. E. WHEELER,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the House of Representatives,
June 14,18fi4,
Ou the joint resolution (S. No. 16) proposing amendments
to the Constitution of the United Stares.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to present an
amendment to the resolution, which 1 shall offer
at the proper time.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to the lesoiution the following:
Provided, That this article shall not apply to the Slates
of Kentucky, Missouri, Delaware, and Maryland until after
the expiniuon of ten years fiom the tune thefcame shall be
unified.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, I regard this
as the most important question that has come be-
fore this Congress, and desire to discuss it with-
out regard to party feelings orprejudices, looking
at the present condition of the country, looking
to the future of this country, to what 1 believe to
be the general good of the nation,and that only.
I have voted during this session to reject this
resolution for the reason that I wished an oppor-
tunity to offer and have discussed the proviso I
have offered exempting the border slave States
from the operation of this constitutional amend-
ment till they should have time to gradually abol-
ish slavery themselves. I have now come to the
determination to vote for the resolution, even if
the proviso is not adopted. I hope the proviso
will be carefully considered and calmly discussed
and adopted as a part of this resolution. I shall
give as briefly as possible the reasons why this
proviso should form a part of.the resolution, as
well as some of the reasons which have induced
me to support this resolution.
Most of those on the other side of this House
who havediscusscd this measure, as well as some
other important measures before this House, have
spent a large portion of their time in denouncing
their political opponents, charging them in general
terms with sympathy with the rebellion, and
alleging that the Democrats without exception
are doing everything in their power to embarrass
the Government in the prosecution of this war;
in fact, broadly insinuating or directly charging
that the leaders of the Democratic party are trai-
tors to their Government, or that they are design-
edly aiding, encouraging, and sympathizing with
the rebels, and are thus guilty of treason. I re-
spectfully submit that this is not the proper way
to unite the North and all parties in the Noith
in support of the constitutional authorities in
putting down rebellion. Such style of speech may
increase the bitterness of party feeling, may, if
believed, create strong prejudice in the minds of
the unthinking against the Democratic party,
may increase the vote of some particular party
organization, but does not tend to induce men
to cheerfully bear the burdens necessary to the
support of war, does not incline men to risk their
lives in battle, or to voluntarily contribute their
means to reinforce our Army or to relieve its suf-
fering heroes, especially when men see that, how-
ever much they may sacrifice, unless they aban-
don their party preferences and unite with the
party claiming all the patriotism they are liable
to such abuse, liable to be charged with treason
and all other abominable crimes.
Again, some going still further, say they do
not wish the support of the Democrats in Con-
gress, that the country is able to get along with-
out such support, and seem to prefer that every
one should act on the dictates of a party spirit
instead of according to the dictates of his own
conscience and judgment. And this same class
denounce as treasonable every opinion that does
not coincide with the doctrines now promulgated
by their own party, and hint that the expression
of such opinions should be prevented by force.
Again, I suggest, that such a course is not dic-
tated by patriotism, but simply by a fierce party
spirit. It does not tend to draw to the support
of the Government that large class who do not
belong to the party in power, and which has
heretofore so nobly sustained the Government in
this time of us greatest trial, but it tends directly
to stir up party strife; tends, as far as it has any
influence, to drive into opposition to the Govern-
ment men who but for such abuse would coi-
dially sustain it; and tends directly to produce
civil war, mobs, and riots. The Government
now needs the moral and material support of ail
parties. True patriotism would dictate at this
time a moderate, prudent, and conciliatory course
on the part of those in power toward political op-
ponents. A large class of men believe they can
sustain the Government and help prosecute the
war effectually without joining the Republican
party. They may not believe it necessary to de-
clare martial law in the North where the civil law
can be enforced, nor to restrict free speech, nor
abridge any of the rights of the citizen. They
may be able to see ample power under the Con-
stitution to prosecute this war without violating
any of its provisions or violating existing laws.
They may claim the right to express their opin-
