1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 tm
ing not over $46,000 was ever paid. The Terri-
tory paid in over $30,000 and were able to pay
more, but the company was not. The company
failed to pay, were unable to pay any more. The
Territory of Wisconsin constituted the compa-
ny's president its agent to go and borrow money
on the joint credit of the Territory of Wisconsin
and this canal grant, and the credit of the com-
, pany it&elf; and he labored month after month in
the money markets of the world to borrow money
and failed to raise the necessary means. Hence
the company was unable to proceed with the
work, and it thus failed.
As I remarked yesterday, Wisconsin has as
strong a claim on the company to refund to the
Territory the amount of money which she paid
in and thus lost as the company has to claim of
Wisconsin the payment of the money which the
company paid in and lost. They made a joint
risk, a joint investment, and all lost. The whole
was lost. Wisconsin was not bankrupt; she could
have paid in some more, but the company could
not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend from Iowa will
allow me to state that the money that was paid
in created a great water-power in the city of Mil-
waukee, which the company now holds, and which
it rents and receives the rents for.
Mr. HARLAN. Does Wisconsin get any of
those rents?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not a dime.
Mr. HARLAN. Then the case is stronger
against the company than I supposed. All the
effects of the joint investment made by the com-
pany and the Territory of Wisconsin are in the
hands of this company; they are owning it, using
it, enjoying it, and have never paid over to Wis-
consin a single dollar of the proceeds. They
have, however, invested more money, probably,
than the work is worth, and because in that joint
investment money is lost, they come in and claim
of the copartner in the work, the Territory of
Wisconsin, to be indemnified for their loss. Who
will indemnify Wisconsin? .There is nobody to
indemnify Wisconsin for her loss if the company
do not, unless we do, and [ believe that is con-
templated by the part of the amendment of the
committee which I propose to strike out, and
which the Senator from Indiana insists on, that
Wisconsin shall be credited for the whole amount
of money which she paid in, and that that shall
be taken out of the Treasury of the United
States. I suppose if two men enter into business,
and invest their money jointly, and the business
fails, and the capital is alt lost, no one of those
parties would have the right to claim indemnity
from the other. But in this case the committee's
amendment provides indemnity for both parties
for their mutual and joint losses from the Treas-
ury of the United Slates !
Mr. HOWE. My friend will allow me to say
that we never were in partnership with the canal
company. We were simply a trustee holding a
fund which you gave us, and part of which we
paid over as you told us to do, and part of which
we did not. What we paid over we want you to
credit us with. What we did not pay over we
are willing to turn in this settlement with you.
We never had any interest in the canal company,
and never could have got any interest in it by
any possibility or in any contingency, as I have
stated before.
Mr. HARLAN. Wisconsin had an interest
in this way, that the grant of lands was made to
her.
Mr. HOWE. Upon what evidence is that
stated ?
Mr. HARLAN. Upon the evidence of the
laws of the Territory and the laws of the United
States.
Mr. HOWE. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. The grant was made to Wis-
consin for the benefit of Wisconsin to build a
work within her limits, out of which she was to
derive profits as the work proceeded, she to re-
ceive stock or a credit m the nature of stock to the
full amount of the money to be invested.
Mr. HOWE. That stock could only be held
for the benefit of the public. She could not put
a dollar'into her treasury from the dividends on
that stock. Let me set my friend right. The
grant was petitioned for by the canal company, not
by the Territory. It is true it was granted to the
Territory, but, as I said before, it was granted to
the Territory for a specific purpose and to be ex-
pended by a specific agent, to wit, the canal com-
pany. We had no control of it. We could not
control the company. We could not regulate
its tolls. We could do nothing wit,h it but sell
the land and pay over the money, and the State
of Wisconsin had a right to own an amount of
stock equal to the money paid over, but that stock
she was to hold simply to use tlie dividends in
purchasing up the stock of individual owners; and
when it was all purchased up, then it was to be-
CQme public .property; never could a dollar go
into the treasury of Wisconsin under any circum-
stances.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see' that the state-
ment of the facts mentioned by the Senator affects
the question that I am attempting to elucidate. It
is true that the law of Congress making the grant
stipulated that after the work should have been
completed, and after all the stock should have been
purchased with the money derived from the sales
of the lands granted and the rents of the work for
the benefit of the State, then no higher rates should
be charged for transportation along this thorough-
fare than sufficient to defray the expenses of keep-
ing it in repair; but for whose benefit? For the
benefit of the people of Wisconsin, her own peo-
ple, her own citizens, the persons for whom her
Legislature makes laws; a work entirely within
her limits, a work for the benefit ofher own people.
It seems to me that the provision requiring
light tolls does not affect the question of owner-
ship in the least.
The point that I was attempting to present I
may state thus: Wisconsin pays in money—if
the Senator prefers it I will say for the Govern-
ment of the United States—and under the laws of
Wisconsin a corpoiation bind themselves to pay
in money for a common purpose; the woik pro-
ceeds until the corporation fail, are unable to pay
in the stock which they subscribe, are unable to
raise another dollar in the market. Then Wis-
consin, as our trustee, if tiie Senator prefers it,
having money, being able to go on, but ascer-
taining that the copartner, the corporation, is un-
able to furnish any more means, suspends furthei'
investments, deeming it adverse to her interest to
proceed with an insolvent associate, and provides
by law for the diversion of the residue of the
grant to other uses, which is finally approved by
the United States when the insolvent corporation
claim damages from the solvent associate. Now,
if the Senator prefers to consider the United
States, and not Wisconsin, the real party, the
point I make is that the United States have the
same right, if not a better right, to claim of them
indemnity for the money that was put in by them
and lost. The work failed; the investment was
a loss to both parties. The investment was a
mutual risk. Tin: United States invested more
than the company did, as I understand, and were
able to go on with the woik. The corporation
put in some money, but exhausted their whole
capital, all that was paid in, and were unable to
go on, and consequently the work stopped. If
either party should be indemnified by the other
for what they invested and lost, it is clear to my
mind that the corporation is the culpable party.
I cannot perceive even a decent pretext for their
claim; for the funds, diverted by Wisconsin to
other uses, were not the property of the corpora-
tion, and never had been. This money was the
property of the United States; and if it had not
been diverted, and had been invested in the pros-
ecution of the work as contemplated in the grant,
it would not have become the property of the
corporation, but in that case would become the
property of the State of Wisconsin. The only
thing which the company could possibly lose
by the diversion was their proportion of the joint
profits of the investment, had the work been com-
pleted and proved remunerative.
But on this point it is clear to my mind that the
corporation has no reason to complain, because
they were under the same obligation to make con-
tinuous advances as a joint partner, and failed to
do so; it is said were unable to raise an additional
dollar. Their inability to fulfill their part of the
undertaking is admitted. Their claim for indem-
nity for losses grows out of their inability or re-
fusal to fulfill their part of the contract, and the
ability of Wisconsin to advance her part of the
means necessary to continue the work. The in-
solvent partner, with all the appearance of injured
innocence, claims indemnity frotn, the Solvent
partner for losses growing out of the suspension
of a work on account of his failuce! Honesty
itself could not be more bold than sach brazen-
faced impudence! And a's Wisconsin, your trus-
tee, if the Senator prefers to consider it in that
light, Wisconsin, understanding all the facts and
circumstances of the case, has steadily for more
than twenty-years rejected the claim. Then the
parties come to Congress and demand payment
from the Treasury of the United States oh the
false allegation that they were building the work
for this Government!
But then the character of the claim, as stated
by themselves, ia enough td shock the sertalbili- «
ties of any honest man. I alluded to this yester-
day. They do not claim dollar f6r dollar what
they put in only, but, in addition, all the Ex-
penses that they incurred in the -prosecution of
this work, and all the losses that they incurred
by investments in lands that failed to be as profit-
able, on account of the failure of the work, as
they otherwise might have been, and all the'fnoney
that they expended in lobbying the bill through
Congress, and footing it Hit up it amounts tt>
about two hundred and seven thousand dollars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ftsk the Sena-
torif he claims that that is in this joint resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the claim set up by the
corporation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if that
is in this joint resolution which I have reported
to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. The resolution reported by
the Senator authorizes a commission to be insti-
tuted to adjust the claim between, that company
and the Slate of Wisconsin, and to pay out of
the Treasury of the United States the amount
that may thus be found to be due. It doVs not
particularize; they are left to prove up their claim
afterwards.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. I desire to repudiate any
such construction of the joint resolution, and I
say that the Senator is not justified in saying'
that I have advocated ail allowance of aclaimfor
lobbying through Congress or anywhere else.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not mentioned in the
amendment in so many words, and was not con-
templaied by the Senator who reported it. But I"
was speaking of the character of this claim as set
foith by the claimants. I have read the printed
report of the commissioner appointed under a law
of Wisconsin—it is in the hands of one of th£
Senators from Wisconsin—in which he gives a
history of the whole subject; and 1 was naming
the items charged by the company and the aggre-
gate of the figures exhibited by thecommissioner
as the lesult of that investigation; and they are
as 1 have stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 'Chan-
must interrupt the Senator to call up the order of
the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance to allow us to dis-
pose of this joint resolution. I suppose the Sena-
tor from Iowa is nearly through his argument,as
I think he has passed over again the points he oc-
cupied yesterday, and we shall then soon come
to a vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot possibly agree
to that, for I want to have the tax bill disposed
of to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Probably m fifteen min-
utes now this joint resolution may be concluded,
whereas if it goes over till Monday the whole ar-
gument may then be repeated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how I can
yield with propriety. If I give way the discus-
sion will continue.
Mr. HOWE. We can take the vote now, 1
undeistund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the vote can be taken
without further discussion, I shall not object; but
if there is to be another word said by anybody I
must interpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want just three minutes;
I will agree to stop at the end of three minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object to any dis-
cussion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will agree to take the
vote without debate if the Senator from Iowa will
consent.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
