1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
Mr. BROOOKS. I wish it understood that this
discussion is to proceed by unanimous consent,
reserving our right to the introduction of ^ie res-
olution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. I think that gold
will bring more after a little.
STREET RAILROAD IN TIIE DISTRICT.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the construction of a
railroad iy the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WASfJBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from Il-
linois to yield to me, that I may be allowed to
state the reasons why the Committee of Ways
and Means bill respecting the sale of gold ought
to be reported and acted on this morning, and
■why I think it will require little if any debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois withdraw his demand for the regular
order of business?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
two, gentlemen asking this favor at my hands.
My friend from Wisconsin asked me first, and I
will yield to him.
MILITARY ROAD IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. McINDOE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting tends-to the State of Wis-
consin to build a military road to Lake Superior;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Iowa appeals to me to be heaid,and
I withdraw my demand, if the House does not
object.
SALE OF GOLD BY THE UNITED STATES—-AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON. The bill to which the gentle-
man ftorn Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] my
colleague on the Committee of Ways and Means,
asks the attention of the House this morning,
rests upon this condition of facts: the large im-
portations into the country have deposited m tiie
Treasury of the United States an amount of gold
beyond the demands of the Treasury for the pay-
ment of interest and for all disbursements which
by law are lequired to be made in gold. The
conscquence has been to withdraw fiom the mar-
ket in the leading centers of commerce so large
an amount of gold as to seriously embarrass the
regular merchant in getting the gold necessary to
discharge his liability in gold to the Government
of the United States, and has necessarily caused
a rise of gold in the market, thus putting the Gov-
ernment in the position of being really, in the
[ technical term of the brokers' board, the princi-
pal " bull" in the New York market.
Unless, therefore, the Secretary of theTreasury
is authorized to relieve this condition of things in
New York, the inevitable tendency svill be event-
ually to enhance the price of gold and increase
, the difference between gold and the common cur-
j • rency of the country. LastSaturday, forinstance,
g the payment into the United States custom-house
at New York amounted to over half a million dol-
lars, and all of it was obliged to be paid in gold.
So from day io day the amount of gold in the
' Treasury of the United States at New York is
$ increasing, and the facilities of merchants m New
York to obtain gold are diminished.
I it is for these "Reasons that the Committee of
k Ways and Means have authorized this repoitto
i be made to the House, that the Secretary of the
Treasury may be authorized, not necessarily to
sell the entire amount at once, or in any limited
time, but to dispose of some amount of the gold
^ in the Treasury from time to time, as the surplus
if will allow, and put it upon the maiket to an
0 amount sufficient to meet the legitimate and con-
stant demand created by the laws of the United
£ States on the part of the merchants of the city of
4 New York and of other commercial places. I
- believe on yesterday the price of gold ran up to j
sixty-one premium. If the Secretary is author- I
6^ized to place in the market from time to time, ]
.-and thus to restore to the commercial channels of !
J the cay, the surplus m theTreasury, the inevitable
^effect will be to keep down the price of gold to a
Lratc more nearly corresponding to the legitimate
^/ttemand for the regular transactions of commerce.
It is for this reason, and because the merchants
of that and other cities need gold daily for making
their payments to the Government itself, that the
Committee of Ways and Means ask very early
action upon the part of the House, so that the
merchants may be relieved, and the importers,
who require this gold daily, may have an oppor-
tunity to get it without paying the enormous pre-
mium created by those who deal in it purely asa
matter of speculation, and who enhance the price
in proportion as the stock accumulates in the
vaults of the Government.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a bill of great import-
ance, and one which should not be hurriedly
passed. In the first place, the Secretary of the
Treasury lias the control of all the paper money
of the country. He is the great rag baron.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from New York to object to
the introduction of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is on the floor and speaking by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the res-
olution is not to be introduced by unanimous
consent, I shall object to continuing this discus-
sion.
Mr. BROOKS. I do object to discussion upon
one side with no discussion upon the other.
Mr. KASSON. My object was to make this
explanation of facts to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object un-
less the bill is brought before the House by unan-
imous consent.
The SPEAKER. This debate has proceeded
by unanimous consent pending the question of its
introduction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish, then,
the gentleman from Iowa would ask the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I intended to object to tiie
introduction of this resolution and to any debate
upon the question unless it is to be open to gen-
eral debate in the House. I did not understand
that the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] was
speaking by unanimous consent, or I certainly
should have objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the ques-
tion distinctly as to whether the House would
grant unanimous consent. *
Mr. ELDRIDGIi. We did not hear it here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was proba-
bly engaged in private conveisation; butthe Chair
did ask unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Possibly; but I did not in-
tend to object to the resolution being considered
provided it should be open to general discussion
in the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
now ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do unless the discussion
is to be open.
The SPEAKER. Then the joint resolution is
not before the House.
Mr. KASSON. 1 will state that I have not
proposed to debate the joint resolution, but sim-
ply to explain the facts which led the Committee
of Ways and Means to urge its early considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom Wis-
consin objects, and therefore the resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. KASSON. Does the gentleman object to
the joint resolution being introduced to-day and
made the special otriei for to-morrow?
Mr. RADFORD. I object.
Mr. DAWES. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
a question of privilege, as the House is now att-
ing under the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I propose, if the House will
permit me, to make a report from the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to that.
Mr. COX. What is the previous question act-
ing on ?
The SPEAKER. On the amendment^ of the
Senate to the internal revenue bill,
Mr. DAWES. I merely desiyc to, make a re-
port from the Committee of Ejections that it may
be printed and laid upon the -able,
Mr. BROOKS. la thai all?
Mr. DA WF,y That is all I desire.
Mr. DUMONT. I object.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 122,) to
increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses. The pending question is upon a motion
to lay upon the table a motion to reconsider.
The Chair will state the effect of the motion.
The House by a vote of 106 to 41 non-concurred
in the amendment of the Senate imposing addi-
tional duties on a sliding scale upon whisky. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr.Washburne] moved
to reconsider the vote by which the House non-
concurred in that amendment, and the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table,and the yeas
and nays were ordered on that motion. The Clerk
will now report the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
On page 1, line ten, after the word "gallon," insert the
following:
And upon all liquons that may be distilled after the passage
of this act, and fold, or removed for consumption or sale,
on and after the 1st day of July next; and previous to the.
1st day of January next, seventy cents on each and every
gallon; and on all liquors that may be distilled after the
passage of tins act, and sold, or removed for consumption
or sale, on and after the lstday of January next, eighty cents
on each and every gallon.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, An-
cona, Arnold, Beamau, Bliss, Boutwoll, Brandegeo, James
S. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Cox, Cres-
woil, Dawson, Deinine, Deunison, Dixon, Eckley, Eden,
Kdgerton, Elditdge, Farusworih, Finck, .Frank, Ganson,
Gooch,Guder, Gtmneil, Gri wold, Hale, Hardin?, Harring-
ton, fieri lek, fligby, Ilolnian. A&ahel W. Hubbard, John
II. Hubbard, Uulburd, Iluteiuns JencKei* Julian, Kalb-
fleisrh,Ka«on, Fianeis VV. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Ker-
nan, Law, La/.oar, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Mc-
Allister, McDowell, iUeKmney, Mlddleton, William H.
Miller, Mooiheud, Daniel Morris!, James 11. Morris Mor-
rison, Noiton, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, IVrham,
Pomeioy, Pi ice, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John fl. Rice,
Robs, Scott, Spalding, rfiehbins, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Strouse, Siuart, Sweat, Thomas, Upsoru Klihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, WhaleypVlieeler, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilson, windom, Winfield,
and Fernando Wood—91.
NAYS—Me^i<. Baily. John D. Baldwin, Jaeob B. Blair,
Blow, Bioomall, Fieeman Claike,Cobb, Cole, Ilenty Wm-
tei D.iviv, Thomas T. Davis, D.iwe*. Donnelly, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eliot. English, Fenion, Hall. Hooper, Kelley, Long-
year, Maiviti, McBride, MeClutg, Meindoe, Samuel F.
Miller, Amo« Myen, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Patters-on, Edward If. IvOlhos Hchenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Smith, Snntber.-, Stevens Thayer, Tracy, Van
Valkenburgh, IVadsworth, Weh-ter, and Wilder—44.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
During; the roll-call,
Mr. NOBLE stated thathe had paiied with Mr.
Ashley, who was sick at his room.
Mr. BAXTER stated that Mr. Morrill was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. HUHBARD, of Iowa, stated that Mr.
Asiilf.y was confined to his room by sickness,
but if he had been present lie would have voted
against the Senate amendment.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recoided, the question recurred upon
the sixth amendment of the Senate, which is as
follows:
Page 4, line sir, after the word "recovered," insert
"and applied."
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
In line seven of the section, after the word {e and,"
insert "ateo that."
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 4, line louitoeu, after the words " provided, how-
evei," bit ike out all clown to the end of the section, as
lbllowc
That where, owing to the perishable nature of the prop-
erty seized, expense ot storage, or othei circumstance*, the
value whereof may be dun inched by dela> ot suie, the
owner theieot may, if he so choo-e. apply to the a-=sesbor
of th&distiict, who shall, if lie deem it expedient that the
property so seized should be sold, appiaise or have the same
appraised under his direction and control, and the owner
Winy give bond or bond* in an amount equal to the appraised
value, with Fiich sureties as the a *e^or shall adjudge good
and sufficient, which shall be by him transmitted to the
Commissions ot internal Revenue, to b« hold and col-
lected, or any part thereof, or sunendered in accordance
with the fm.il judgment, oider, oi decree ot the eoutt hav-
ing jurisdiction oi the ease ; or, it the owner shall not «tp-
p]y as aforesaid, the acse^or, upon the application of the
marshal of ihe said district m whose custody and control
said f-pirit-? or other aiticle* seized asafbiesaiUmay be, shall
appraise or have tiie same appiatsed under his direction and
control, and shall issue aad return to the marshal aforesaid
an oider to sell the ?aro«>ftnd the paid marshal sftall there-
