1864.
THE COJN GKESSiONAL GLOBE.
it the duty of Congress to recapture slaves. The
members of that Convention which framed our
Constitution were not hesitant in using that word
on other occasions. When the resolutions were
passed by the Assembly of Virginia, prior to the
war, it was made one of the formal charges against
the King of Great Britain that he had interfered
with his veto to prohibit the abolition of slavery.
They introduced the right woid in the right place
there. Again, in the debates of the constitutional
Convention itself, allusion was made more than
once by those concerned in its discussions to the
existence of slaves in certain parts of theeountry,
held in bondage in fact, however the practice
might be at war in theory with the Declaration of
Independence upon which the colonies had re-
posed their cause, or the provisions of the Articles
of Confederation under which they had united
their destinies. Furthermore, permit me to call
attention to the fact that in the debates in the sev-
eral States which attended the adoption of the
Constitution there was no reticence of phrase,
but the word " slavery'* was frequently expressed
and adopted as a definite term with full, signifi-
cant meaning. Therefore I say it is very clear
that these men of the Revolution must have had
an intention to subserve some public end when
they deliberately left out of that instrument, which
is the charter of our liberties, the word "slave"
in any shape or foim. It could not have been any
mere fastidiousness of language, but must have
been a deiiberativeness of purpose. This infer-
ence comes with irresistible force from the cir-
cumstances anterior to and attendant upon the
adoption of the Constitution; and I presume it
will not be seriously controverted that historic
facts do conclusively confirm that inference in all
its force, and attest that the omission was inten-
tional and predetermined.
The question, then, which first presents itself,
and which I commend to the attention ofSenators,
if, what was that intention and predetermination?
Can there be any other rational answer given than
that it must have been to exclude from that Con-
stitution any national recognition of slavery, to
avoid any national obligation to foster or protect
it, and to keep that noble muniment of our polit-
ical rights fiee from reproach and unstained by
any wot d or thought that would give the lie to its
liberties? Swift as have been some of their de-
scendants to sell their birth light for a mess of pot-
tage, our forefathers were men of other mold, and
having achieved a war of independence, and set-
ting up a Government whose corner-stone was to
be freedom, they had too much of conscience and
of courage to permit it to be in anywise commit-
ted to the indorsement of human bondage.
Mr. President, I desire to say that my own be-
lief is that this Constitution of the United States
does not so much require amendment as it does a
correct and true constiuction. 1 believe that in-
strument. needs chiefly to be interpreted in the light
of freedom, and not in the light of those judicial
decisions which have been instigated by slavery
from a time shortly after its adoption up to with-
in a very recent period. In some respects I con-
fess that it was a compromise, and a descent from
the elevated ground of the Declaration of inde-
pendence, which pronounced in so many wordsali
men to be born free and equal; but in its great
and leading characteristics of a refusal to give sla-
very any national sanction, of its retention of the
right to prohibit slavery and the slave trade, I am
•sure it carries its own vindication along with it.
Other Senators, lam aware, differ with me in this
view. They prefer by strainings and substitutions
to drag the Constitution down to the level of a slave
code, and make it shoulder the work of a rendition
of slaves and an upholding of slavery. I do not
say they are not as sincere as myself in their con-
struction of its clauses, for I believe they aie, but
what 1 do say is, that, educated m deference to a
long course of adjudication in the interest and
sympathy of slavery, they look too fixedly at the
decisions of others, and consult too little the spirit
of the Constitution itself, which was framed in
the interest of freedom, not of slavery. We are
arrived upon a new era when it becomes us to de-
termine this interpretation not by any weight of
authority, so called, but by the scales of justice
and right. The duty of this hour, as it was of
that hour, is to maintain the liberties of the people,
not enact codes for the recapture of slaves. Let
us be at least as scrupulous as our fathers, and
refuse to permit slavery a place in ,our recogni-
tions.
Mr. President, in support of the view which
has been presented, that the Constitution does not
recognize or sanction slavery, and imposes no
obligation on Congress to indorse or uphold the
institution, I beg leave to submit a few words,
discussing separately but very briefly the sev-
eral clauses of the Constitution relied upon by
those who assert that it does give such recogni-
tion to slavery as entitles it to protection from
the national legislation. The Senator who has
just preceded me [Mr. Foster] has passed in
review and commented upon each of those sec-
tions. I shall follow the order he has indicated—
not that I would do my friend the great injustice
to class him as an advocate of slavery, but simply
because he has been perspicuous in his treatment
of the subject—and he contends that an obliga-
tion rests upon Congress to make provision for
the return of fugitive slaves. The first clause of
the Constitution in which it is pretended that a
recognition of that institution is found is in the
third paragraph, second section, first article, as
follows:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which maybe included within
this Union, aceoidmsj to their respective numbers, which
«?hall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service for a term of years,
and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of ail other
peisons.1^
It is said that the words "other persons'* there
used included slavesor'those held in bondage. As
a matter of course, "all other persons" included
everybody who was not enumerated in the pre-
ceding portion of the sentence. But the idea that
because the word 44 person" may refer to a man
in one condition in one place and the word " per-
son" may refer to a man in another condition in
another place, therefore the use of the word "per-
son" recognizes and sanctions all the attributes,
all the conditions, and all the circumstances that
attend either of these persons, is a construction
that will scarcely be ventured upon. Does a ref-
erence to the mere fact of existence necessarily
sanction the status ? Does not the law often allude
to ciimtnals, but will any affirm that it there-
by indorses the crime? Why, sir, suppose the
word "person" in theConstitution had been used
in allusion to those resident in Utah, and whose
local law admits of polygamy, would it be af-
firmed that because they had been embraced with-
in the pi&view of a census, and because they had
been enumerated, therefore the Constitution of
the United States recognized polygamy ? In other
words, does the term "person" carry with it
anything further than a simple allusion to the
existence of the individual? It certainly cannot
be strained into any recognition of slavery, since
the very recognition of the personality excludes
the implied sanction of enslavement, for slavery
does not regard its victims as pei sons but as chat-
tels. The fact is that the clause was framed to
embrace population, and in so doing, although
a part of that population were held unjustly m
bondage, yet it carefully avoided designating them
by any such distinctive phraseology as slaves,
because it was not intended to sanction slavery.
The framers of the Constitution held, in the lan-
guage of Mr. Madison, that " it was wrong to
admit in the Constitution the idea of property in
man," and accordingly adopted the generic woid
" persons," which implies fieedom.
The second clause referred to in the argument
for a constitutional recognition of slavery is found
in section nine, aiticle one, thus:
<k The migration oi importation of .such person* as any of
the States now existing ^iiali think pioper to admit, sdmll
not he prohibited by Congress prior to the year 1808, but a
tax or dut> may be imposed on such impoiUition not ex-
ceeding tun dollars lor eacli person."
It cannot be doubted that while the foregoing
clause gives Congress ample power after the year
1808 to forbid the importation ofall persons, either
as bound servants or as intended for slavery, it also
carries with it a concession that the Constitution
contemplated an abolition of the source of slavery
in that day, and not its growth, encouragement,
or continuance. That is the idea contained in the
clause so far as it throws any light on the view en-
tertained of siaveiy. As for distinct recognition,
so far from that does the letter and the spirit of the
language go, that it absolutely refuses to speak
the word slavery, again recites "persons, and
asserts congressionalpower,to in terposeand defeat
any entrance of those'who mjght by possibility
be destined for slavery under State or local, aus-
pices. That slaveryexisted a? a wrong in some
of the States was true. That its existence was
denounced as a burden during the war. is also
true; and after that war was over it is probgbja
that-the men of the Revolution, subject to *mi&*
tary necessities in that day, as are the men of the
Republic in this, while resolute, to give no sanc-
tion in the Constitution to the institution, and
while recognizing their own power,to protect citi-
zen liberties under the Constitution, were willing
-to defer the exorcise of thatpower pn til some few
years of peace had restored the interests of society
and the reorganization of labor. It is known that
anterior to the war the system of importing inden-
tured servants from Europe,bound to service for
.a term of years," was in full force in some of the
colonies. The belief was general that its augment-
ation and continuance after the war,.as well as
the large free immigration which would ensue,
would in a brief period of time repose the industry
of all the States upon free or contract labor, it
is perhaps scarcely necessary to point out that
the reserved privilege of taxation carried with it
no acknowledgment or implication of a right of
property, any more than our own poll-tax does,
as it was to be levied per capita- and applied to the
"person." I do not therefore understand how
from the negations and prohibitions conceded tp
Congress in this section, any affirmative sanction
of slavery in the Constitution can be deduced. The
greatest stretch of interpretation can only extend
to the permitting of the States to judge of those
they would admit prior to 1808, after which Con-
gress was empowered to exclude whom it chose.
The third ground upon which the idea of a con-
stitutional guarantee of slave propertyis predicated
is the language used in the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution. I quote the
words:
"No person held to service or labor in one State, undertho
laws.thereof, escaping inta another, shall, in consequence
of any law or regulation therein, be discharged lrom such
service or labor, but fOiall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom stteh service or labor may be du<\"
There is no affirmation by any that the words
here used are those employed by slavery in its
terminologyj it is only by torturing the language
of contract into that of absolute property in Than
that any inference as to slaves and their rendition
can be sustained. The courts, I know, have so
held, but the question is not now with the courts
or the current of their decisions in favor of sla-
very-, it is a question of direct emphatic language,
and the avoidance of the use of the term slavery
or slaves. The expressions " person," "ser-
vice," "discharged," "claim," "due" are all"
those of contract, but slaves cannot contract, and
the language of contract while applicable to " in-
dentured apprentices" and like conditions d,oes
not, cannot, and was never intended to apply to
slaves. So far as the question of intent in the
insertion of this clause is resorted to as a reason
for construing it as covering the rendition of
slaves it will be recollected that the personal views
of members of the Convention were divided on
this subject—some solicitous to get protection for
slave property, others resolute, such as Elbridge
Gerry, "not to give any sanction to it." The
only fact, therefore, that can rightfully determine
the intent of the Convention is the language used
which excludes " slavery " as a distinctive or de-
scriptive word from its text^-that then is the in-
tent of the Constitution itself, for the act controls
the meaning; and that this exclusion was pur-
posely done we have the conclusive authority of
the members themselves for asserting. A simple
illustration, drawn from the very able r£jx>rt by
the chairman of the committee who broughtin this
bill, [Mr. Sumner,] will give a striking proof of
the real intent of the use of the words employed.
It is this:
"It appears that, on the 13th Of September, 1787,a fort-
night alter the fugitive clause was adopted in its earliest
form, and while the Convention was considering the report
of its committee on stjle, 'on motionot Mr.Randolphthe
word servitude was struck out and service unanimously in-
serted ; the tonner being thought to expiess the condition
of slaves, and the latter free persons.1 (Madison Papers,
September 13.) Thus the word 'service' ceases even to
be equivocal, for it was unanimously adopted as expiessing
'the condition of free persons.' And &ueh it would have
continued to express always if slavery had not unhappily
triumphed over our- Government m all its departments,ex-
ecutive, legislative, and judicial."
