1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
I
This fact, furthermore, which comes attested
by Madison, which proceeds out of the mouth
of Randolph, which connects with the last au-
thentication and revision of the Constitution, to-
tally overthrows and destroys that very ingenious
argument which affirms that slaves are " persons
held to service under the laws of the State," and
therefore entitled and required to be recaptured
and returned to their masters by the national au-
thority. It is here seen that in the meaning of
the Constitution slaves are not " held to service,"
because " servitude" was there recognized as
expressing the il condition of slaves," and "ser-
vice" was inserted as expressing the condition of
free persons.91
So much for the three clauses of the Consti-
tution from which a sanction and recognition of
slavery is sought to be inferred.
But, sir, I do not propose to examine this
question in nil of its bearings, for it has been very
fully discussed by others. I simply desired to
urge attention to the fact that the framers of the
Constitution in forming that instrument used lan-
guage inconsistent with the jdea of any sanction
of slavery. They used that language, although
it is well known the term slavery as well as the
fact of wrongful bondage was common in some
Stntesat thattime. If they had intended to apply
the clauses I have commented on as clauses de-
signed for the indorsement of slavery and for the
rendition of fugitive slaves, they would haveused
the words "slavery" and " slaves" in express
terms. I therefore assert with renewed confi-
dence that the whole argument which may be
drawn from a collation of these clauses in the Con-
stitution goes to establish this fact, and this fact
alone, that there was a deliberate intent and pur-
pose on the part of the Convention that adopted
the Constitution to exclude from the national
charter thcidea of property in man. It was? a
ireoonceivetl thought, it was studiously guarded,
t was carefully carried out; and it has been noth-
ing in the world but the torture of those passages
of the Constitution by the judicial decisions which
have since taken place that has ever given sla-
very a status in our national legislation.
Mr. President, holding firmly to these convic-
tions, 1 do not propose at this day to vote for the
enactment or indorsement either directly or in-
directly of any fugitive slave law. Senators who
chouse to incur that grave responsibility may do
so; 1 wash my hands clean of the whole business
of slave-catching and slave codes. If the argu-
ment wete clear as noonday that the passage of
an act of Congress for the rendition of fugitive
slaves was constitutional, it would still remain a
question of discretion and choice, and I cannot
.understand the zeal of those who, in such a time,
are so swift to set up again the act of 1793, even
when tearing down that of 1850. There is no
interest in the country which now requires of us
to keep watch and ward over those held to ser-
vice in the meaning of the Constitution. Inden-
tures are nearly obsolete, I do not feel, there-
fore, that any duty devolves upon Congress in that
behalf, and furthermore jf it did we would not
be justified in going beyond the plain letter of the
Constitution. Our duty now, more pei haps than
at any piovious tunc, is to maintain the guaran-
tees of freedom and to repel the aggressions of
slavei y. And yet, forsooth, there aie those who
would have the national Congiess begin anew the
woik of iiicoi pi>rating slavery into our national
life and icaOirm or reassert the fugitive slave law
of 1793! How much more worthy would it be of
its high mission in this ciiucal hour of our tui-
tion's existence, when slavery is warring upon
it to the^very death, if Congress, asserting us full
and plci'un y power to caie for the common wel-
fare, should devote i t^clt to the passage of an act d i-
reetly duwhsiungand piohibmngslavery through-
out the whole land.
I have aheady stated my own belief that the
Constitution of the United States gives to Con-
gress in seveial of its clauses the right to deal in
this wi« with the question of freedom and of
slavery; that it can not only prohibit the migui-
tion to our shores of any destined fur seivitude,
but that it can also by du^ct statute prohibit any
such institution from existing. 1 believe further-
more that such was the understanding of a large
portion of the membeis of the Convention that
drew up that instrument. While 1 know that
there were members from the South in that Con-
vention who recognized that right, while I know
there were members from the North there who rec-
ognized that right, while 1 knowthatthe language
is sucli that you may clearly establish that right,
I cannot think otherwise than that it was the in-
tent and meaning that such a right to abolish sla-
very should eventually be exercised.
Mr. President, if there be one thing more fatal
about these fugitive slave laws than another it is
the everlasting vitality they possess—a vitality
wonderfully attested by the singular spectacle
which is presented in this body of their opera-
tion. We find that slavery is not content with
rendering the poor slave back to his master, with
restoring the chattels, as they are called, broken
and crippled back to their hard tasks and unre-
quited toil, but that its Teachings stretch out
through threequattprs ofacentury,thatitcoerces
the decisions of courts and the interpretations of
judges, and that rising into the broad realm of
intellect, it reclaims its subjects wherever it finds
them. And how painful are some of its rendi-
tions'. It was but a few days since that the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
was rejoicing in a newly found freedom. I heard
his expressive language with great satisfaction,
and the country, we all know, applauded it to the
echo. Indeed, if I am not mistaken, the very
arts took up the theme, and the gentleman was
depicted, round and rubicund, as going over a
high partition fence at a single leap, mMcinj* into
the green fields beyond. Others of distinguished
national repute had only forced off a paling, and
with their hotels thrust through were surveying
the prospect. But he had cleared evei ything at a
bound. I am suio it will be a source of regret
to that artist to be compelled to reverse his pen-
ciling, when he finds that the honorable Senator
has gotten back to the other side of the fence
again; that he has been reclaimed into the service
of slavery by this inexorable fugitive slave law;
that he has been recaptured and put to do its
work, and that he is now standing up in the Sen-
ate of the United States pleading for those con-
stitutional sanctions the very chum to which gave
slavery half its strength, building up those broken
pillars of a law which calls for the slave where
ever he is found and restores him to his master.
Sir, that is the worst feature that I have yet seen
in the opeiation of this fugitive slave law. Neither
genius nor learning nor character afford any pro-
tection against its reclamations and a Return to
servitude.
Mr. President, I cannot support this bill as it
has been amended. 1 cannot support any hill that
recognizes us light and proper any fugitive slave
act; and I shall therefore refuse to give it my
sanction if it comes to a vote upon the final pas-
sage in its present shape.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, I have
desired to address the Senate during the progress
of this discussion. I am ready to go on now if it
be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If the Senator will
give woy, I will ask the Senate to go-into exec-
utive session.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope not. If the Senator
from West Virginia is ready to go on now, I think
we had better continue with this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas I have had some con-
versation with the Senator from West Vngmia,
and it is with his assent that I move that the Senate
piocvd lo the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope lh<-: Senator will with-
draw that )M oposition.
Mr. CON <N ESS and others. What On?
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Sumner.) You can-
not close the debate to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Why should we not continue
its consideration !o-day '
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the motion togointo
executive session a debatable question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. TItUMIJCJLL. I think not.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I raise that point oforder.
M r. TRUMtf ULL. 1 think the point of order
is well riken. A motion to go into executive
sef-siuu is not debatable.
Mr. HALE. Yes, it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that it is not.
Mr. HALE, i should like to hear the rule read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rule is specific on
that subju't:
(i IS. Uii a motion made and -ccondcd t6 shut the doors
of the Senate, on the discussion of any business which may,
in the opinion of a member, require secrecy,the President
shall direct the gallery lo be cleared ; and dunnir the dtscus-
1 sion of such motion, the doors shall remain shut."
Mr. SUMNER. That is a rule we adopted
the other day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is a rule that
was adopted on the 20th of February, 1794.
When such a motion is made and seconded, there
can be no discussion except with closed doors,
and it is a violation of the rule to have any dis-
cussion. It requires a vote.
. Mr. HALE, i think the Senator is mistaken
in regard to that rule. If a Senator rises in his
place and asserts that he has matters to be dis-
cussed which he thinks ought to be discussed in
secret session, then this rule applies. 1 never
saw it enforced but once, and I think that was
when you, Mr. President, were a member of the
Senate. Mr. Mason, of Viiginia, got up and
stated this rule and his privilege under it, and
upon that the gallery was cleared. That was the
i only time I ever recollect of that rule being en-
| forced. It does not apply to going into executive
session at all.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I can state to the
| Senator from Massachusetts that the motion I
i have made is made with the approbation of the
' Senator from West Virginia; and I will further
state that a matter important to my State de-
mands an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. The first question is the
point of order raised by the Senator from Indiana,
whether that is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a debatable
question. The Chair has no doubt on that point*
Mr. SUMNER. So 1 understood. Now, I
simply wish to understand the desires of Sena-
tors. It seems to rac that unless there is some
business that should be attended to to-day in ex-
ecutive session, we had better proceed with this
bill, if the Senator from West Virginia is ready
to proceed.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia has asked for an adjournment, and desires
to address the Senate upon this subject. It is a
matter of great consequence. I ask the Senator
whether he desires to depuve the Senator fiom
West Virginia of the opportunity of speaking on
this bill before it shall pass.
Air. SUMNER. If the Senator had heard me
—he clearly did not hear me—he would not have
put that question. My last words were addressed
to the Senator from West Virginia to ascertain
from him whether he desired a postponement.
Mr, CONNESS. He has already stated that;
and 1 supposed the Senator knew it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not know it now,exeept
from the statement of the Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. You heard it from some
source.
Mr. SUMNER. Do 1 understand from the Sen-
ator from West Virginia that he would prefer to
go on to-monow>
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am prepared to go on
now, but I should prefer to go on to-morrow. If
I were to commence now 1 could not get through
by the usual hour of adjournment.
Mr.SUMNER. Very we!!; I havenoobjeetion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ison_
the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some tune spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 20, 1664.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask, by unanimous con-
sent, that Tuesday evening next be assigned for
the consideration of business from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, instead of Monday evening.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
