THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
upon advertise and sell the same, and the proceeds of sale,
after deducting therefrom the costs of seizure and sale,
shall be paid into the eoiuthaving jurisdiction of the ease,
and paid out as the said court shall on final judgment order
or deciee.
And insert in lieu thereof the following :
That when the property so seized may be liable to peril,
or become greatly reduced in value by keeping, or when it
cannot be Kept without great expense, the owner theieof,
or the marshal of the di&lriet, may apply to the assessor of
the district to examine said property. And if, in the opin-
ion of said assessor, it shall be necessary that the said piop-
erty should be sold to prevent such waste or expetibe, he
shall appraise the same; and the owner thereupon shall
have said property returned to him upon giving bond, in
such fonn as may be proscribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and in an amount equal to the appraised
value, with such sureties as the said appraiser shall deem
good and sufiteient, to abide the final oidcr, decree, or
judgment of the com t having i os;ni/.ance of the case, and
to pay the amount of said appraised value to the nuu.-hal,
or otherwise, as lie maybe ordered and dnected by the
court, which bond shall be filed by said appiai&ei with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Rut if said owner
shall neglect or refuse to give said bond, the appraiser shall
issue to the mai^hal aforesaid anordcrto^eil the.same. And
the said marshal Minll thereupon advertise and bell the saul
property, at public auction, in the same manner a* goods
may be >.old on final execution in said distiict. And the
proceeds of the sale^al'ter deducting (he icasonable costs
of the seizure and sale, shall be paid to the court aforesaid,
to abide its final order, decree, or judgment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
In the phrase "and to be placed," strike out tho word
** to."
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
In the phrase "o  which provides for the manufacture,"
&c<, strike out the lettoi "a" in "provides."
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Add the following:
Or which piovide for an allowance or drawback on cor-
dials and other liquors when exported.
The amendment was concurred in*
Twelfth amendment:
Strike out the following;
Providedf That on all cotton on which tho duty of a half
cent has been |><ud, the additional duty of one and a hall
cent fchail be levied and collected: Jlnd provided fuithcr,
That ail provisions of law whereby eotton in the hands of
manuiaeiiirei-i of eotton fabrics on October I, lSfrJ, and
prior thereto, is exempted from taxation, are heieby re-
pealed, and the same shall bo subject lo the rate of taxation
imposed by thin bill.
The amendment waa concurred in.
Thirteen ill amendment:
In section five strike out the words " whleh shall be dated
and eontam a di-sci iption, nu hiding the weight and other
m.uks of tlie bales or packages, and <i statement of the tact
11 tut the duty has been paid j" and insert in Itcu thereof the
following:
Stating therein the amount and payment of the duty, the
time ami place ol paj ment, the weight ami marks upon the
hales ami packages, >u that tin* same may be lully iden-
tified.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
In section seven, alter the word a countries,insert the
words u pievimu to the 1st day of July mwt;" m> that it
Will icad:
Si-.r. 7 .'hid he il further enacti'd^ That fiom and after
the passage ol this act, in addition to the dufies heietoiore
impos'i'd by law. tlieie shall be levied, eolleeted, and paid
on spirits <hstill((| liom giain <>t otlu r mat* naN, w hether
of American or loreign piodtietion, impoited ironi (tiienm
eomitiies pievioii". lo Hie Nt cl.t> oiMnh n<-\ t, ol hist pioot,
a duty of 101 iy cents on each aiid ever) gallon.
The amendntent waa concuired in.
Fifteenth amend ment:
Alter the toiegomglnseit:
Ami on ail ^'i<-h s pu its m p( rted from foreign oounuies,
on and alter tho Kt day of .lulv next, and pievion* to tin
1st day of J.nm.uy next, a duty ol' nity eents on each and
every gallon , and on all sm'ii .spirits unpoi ceil fiom foreign
countries!, on rind ailei the Kt day of Januaij next, wxty
cents on each and oveiy gallon.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to eall attention to the
fact, and ask the Speaker if it is not so, that this
amendment depends upon that other amendment
of the Senate which we have niccted.
The'SPEAKER, That is in tho nature of de-
dale, and the Chair eunnotauswer it. It is a mat-
ter for the House.
Mr. KASSON. Ft is a fact, and I wish to call
tho attention of the House to it.
The question being on the fifteenth amendment,
Mr. IvASSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Webster
and Thayer were appointed.
The House dhidtd; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 60.
Mr. STEVENS called for the yens and nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Radford \
and Hooper were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 57, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baily, John D. 13atdwm, Broomall,
James ri. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Cox,
Thoma.s T. Davis, Donnelly, Eden, Edgeiton, Fenton,
Fmok, Hall, Harding, Higby, Holman, Hooper, Hutchms,
Kelley, King, Le Blond, Long, L.ongyi'ar,Mal!ory, IVIarvm,
McBude, McDowell, McKinney,Middleton, Amos Myers.
Leonurd'Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill. John O'Neill,
Orth, Patteison, Pomeroy, Alexander II. Rice, Edward II.
Rollins,Schenck, Seofield,Scott,Shannon, Smith, Smith-
crs, Stevens, Stuart, Thayer, Tlioma", Tiacy, Van Valk-
enhnrgh, Wadaworth, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, and
Wilder—57.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Allison, Ancona, Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bea-
man, Jacob 15. Blair, Blus, Boutweli, Doyd, Btandegee,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Coil'roth, Ciaveiw,
Ciesweli, Dawes, Dawson, Deminir, Denni^on, Dri«g-,
Diunont, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Faruswortli,Fiank,Gan-
non, GOoeh, Grinnell, Hale, IJernck, Asahel \V. Iluhbaid,
John II. Hubbard, llulburd, Jenckes, William Johnson,
Julian, Kalbileisch, Ka^son, Fianeis IV. Kellogg. Oilando
Kellogg, Kctnun, Knupp, Law, MeClutg, Samuel F. Miller,
Mooihead, Daniel Morris, Monition. Odeil, Pendleton,
Peiham, Pike,Piice, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John II.
Rice, Robinson, Ross, Spalding, Stebbin^. William G.
Steele, Stile*, Btronse, Upson, Voorhees, Ehhu £ . Wash-
burne, Chilton A. While, Wilson, Wmdom, Winheld, and
Fernando Wood—'/G.
So the fifteenth amendment of the Senate was
not concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NOBLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ashley, was sick and confined to his room, and
had requested him to procure a pair. His col-
league was opposed to all the amendments of the
Senate, but he did not know how he would have
voted on this subject.
Mr. "VVASHHuIiNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the fifteenth amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concuned in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out the following liom tho seventh section:
And that upon all -neb sph its imported piiorto ibe passage
of this aet there shall lie levied, eolleeted, and p.inl an ad-
ditional tax of Ibi iv centx per gallon, to be eolleeted under
the direction and according to regulations established by
the iSecietai) of the TiraMiiy.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out «cei ion nine, a-< follows:
Sec. 9. .'hit! }>c it futihot entitled, That It shall bo th"
dntj of the asse^sois ami a-.-istant assessor appointed a.-
pjov ided in the aet to which tin- aet is an amendment, to
assess the .ulditlon.il illities levied hy t ItH uc( upon all spu-
iN and cotton on winch the duty piesenbed m said act
shall have been paid oi .\s«,e«-se<l at the tune when this aet
takes eifect; and the list < ilieieoi' shall be iuituned to the
-eveial e<i||ect<>is, and the e«il[ee!ions made m the vamp
niannet as m I he <-ase of month I v i etui nsot nianniac tines.
And the duttc> -«o as^e-wed >bail he a lieu m lavoi oi the
United State.- upon all the ieal and pet^onal e-tuto of the
owneroi hueb ^pntts oi eotton, t<> he enl'oieed in the ^ame
manuei as is piovided in the ease of tlx' manuiaettuets \\ ho
negh'et oi reiu-e to pay the dunes jnovided by the act Lo
which ihi< i- m addition- !irnAih'iL 'flint the additioi al
dm vol one and one half cent pej pound shall lie levied upon
eotton -old bv the Hml.'d Si-Ue^ pseviou- to the parage ol
tins a< l, and on Inch a dun oi one halt of one u'lit pei
pound lia . been n:tid : and upon ill cotton so soid on wiech
no dt>!\ lias been pan! a duly two cents pei pound shall
be ris^e- .ed and < olle.'fejl
And nisei? ja lien l!iei r.if the )'i)llo\ving '
.'bid !>  it fin I In;- cum led. That the provisions of
the aet enti'!"d l<An act Hut her to pi u vide (oi the collection
of duiie< o'i tnlnOlts.,, appioved Maieh now in
ibice, shall he taken and deemed as extending to and eni-
biaemg all laws (oi tlie eolli-clion ot inteinai duties, stamp
duties, lu en fs, di taxes which have been oi maybe here-
at'tej enacted ; and all pei-on-* duly autbonzed to
leeeive, ot collect sn^h duties or taxes under such law sine
hereby deeiaiLil to b", and to have heeti, u revenue o(u< ei-5*'
wiMu n the tt ue inl< m and meaning et tlie ^ald act, and en-
titlv^l ro all the evempttoiw, unmuiiitie^, benetits, rights,
and pi ivdc^e -1 hetcni ( numeiatod and cont'd red.
The mnendment way concurred in.
Mr. 1T0LMAN moved to leconsidor the vote
by which tlie 1 louse eoncurred in the sixth amend-
ment of the Senate, inserting in section two the
words "and apphtd," so as to make the clause
read:
And any pet--on ^ ho .--ball havein Ins custody or pos
session anv -neh -piulsoi oilic; ai tides, s-nlgeet to duty as
alore.said, lot the pmpose of -elling tlie >ame with the de-
Mgn o f avoid lmrp'u men to! i he dunes imposed ihcieon.^hall
be liable to a penalty of or not h than donblo the
amount of duties fiaudulont'y attempied to be evaded, to
be iceove.ed and applied a-? othei penalties piovided by the
act heictoiore mentioned.
Mr. KASSON. [ ask whether that is the
amendment which the House agreed to on my
motion? *
Mr.#IOLiVIAN. The House refused to agree
to that in the original bill. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eodtwell] suggested the
insertion of these words.
Mr. BOUT WELL. The amendment moved
by the gentleman from Iowa was quite a different
one from this, and with the cunsentof the House
I will state what it was.
There was no objection.
Mr. BOUTWEtL. The amendfhent of the
gentleman from Iowa had thiseffect, that inform-
ers were entitled to one half of the penalty. The
law as it now stands limits the moiety to those
persons who inform officially, deputy collectors,
&e. If they furnish information of the violation
of the law they are to receive one half. The ef-
fect of this amendment is to limit the moiety to
official persons.
Mr. HOLMAN. With that understanding I
withdraw my motion to reconsider.
The question then being on the remainingmo-
fion, that the House ask a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes between the two Houses,
proposed before tlie seconding of the previous
question, it was agreed to; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. E. B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr.
Tiiaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Fernando Wood of New York, as such com-
mittee on the part of the House.
MESSAGE FEfbu'TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed an act (II. R. No. 145) for
the relief of the heiis of Noah Wiswall.
MESSAGE FIIPM THIS PKESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Sctiatc and House of Representatives:
L transmit to Conmess a loport from the 5*ecretavy of
State, with theaeeompanynig papens, relative to the claim
oa this Government ol the ownei* of the French ship La
Manehe, and recommend nil appiopriation for tho satisfac-
tion of the chum, pmsuantto the award of the aibitiatora.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, Fehruaiy 1G, 1861.
Mr. STEVENS moved tlfat the message be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Moans,and
ordeted to be printed.
Tlie motion was agreed to.
MASSACHUSETTS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted a report, accompanied by the
following resolutions; which were laid upon the
tabic, and oulered to be printed:
Rc-iob-ed, 'Phut John S. Sleeper is not entitled to a Feat
m this Hou^e as* a Representative in tlie Thntv-Faidith Con-
crer5-5 f'loin the third eonL'rcs- umal dMi iet ni Mass;ic'hi]sctH.
Hc^hu-d, That Alexandra IL Hire is entitled to a t-eatm
lhi-< Uoiw as a llepieseutative in the Tlnrtv-Eighth C011-
gress. (iom the thud concessional district in Massachusetts.
tkeedmen's affairs
The SPEAKER stated tliat tho next business
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
51, to establish u Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs,
reported from the selectcommitiee on the subject,
on which tlie gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, 1 did not lise for the
j>ui pose of discussing this measure—only to h.ive
jtroferud lor discussion. The discussion of its
details wili be ably conducted by the rmnoiity of
the committee, th,e gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kalbi'Luiscsi] and the gentleman fiom Illi-
nois, [Mr. K.vapp.] I shall only call afteptiou
to its g-cneidl features. The member who intro-
duced it [Mr. Eliot] commended it to this side
for its humanity. He recalled to our mnuls the
fact that we opposed tin; confiscation bill for its in-
humanity. Tie hoped thathumanc corisideiaiions
would prevail as to this bill. I wish that he hud
set a better example, by his voico and vote upon
the other measuie. This bi'l is founded in part
on the confiscation system. If that were inhu-
man, then this is its aggiavation. The former
takes the lands which are abandoned by loyal or
disloyal whites, under the pressure of war; while
tlie present bill turns these abandoned lands over
to the blacks. But motives of humanity, how-
evet pui e, me not the motives that should prompt
legislation altogether.
