1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 ask, as a privileged question,
that the Clerk read the 134th and the 27th rules.
The Clcyk read, as follows:
" 13-L No peison except members of the Senate, their
Societal y, head.- of Department*, the President's Private
tfecretaiy, Foietgn Ministers, the Governor for the time
beinjj of any State, Senator and Representatives elect, and
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States and of
the Court ot Claims, --ha!! be admitted within the Hall of
the House of Representatives.
<k27. The Dooikecpei shall execute strictly the 134th and
130th lules, relative to the pnvilege of the Hall."
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to state that the 134th
rule is frequently violated; and for manifest and
obvious reasons I give notice that so long as the
internal revenue bill is pending I shall insist on
the rigid enforcement of the rule.
The SPEAKER. Asattention has been called
to the rule, the Doorkeeper will see that it is en-
forced; butin justice to the Doorkeeper the Chair
will state that where the tule has been violated,
it has been by the suggestion of members.
KKPOttT ON IUON-ChADS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following lesolution;
which was read, and under the rules tefeired to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved. That there be pruned for the use of the Navy
Department two thousand copies of the report of the Sec-
retuiy of the Navy relative to hon-clad vessels.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. ODELL. I ask that my colleague, Mr.
Herrick, shall have leave of abesence for one
week fiom to-day.
Thcio was no objection, and leave was granted
aceoidmgly.
TAX BILL. m
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the Houwe resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
'The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly lesolved itself into the
Committed ofthe "Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wasiibubne, of Illinois, in the chair,) find
jotfumed the consideration of House bill No. 405,
to provide intrrnul revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the publicdebt,and for
other purfM^f s.
Tin* CHAIRMAN stated that the general de-
bate on the bill bad been terminated by order of
the F-Joupo.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill by paragraph's for amendment.
Mr. BOO J."WELL moved to insert the words
"and js hueby ch<\rged"and <cauthorized and
go that it will lead:
And the Fie-idrnt of the United States is heieby authoi-
ircri in nomiuaU . and with the isdvice ami consent of the
io ..t poinf. a ('f)inmi>Moncr of internal Revenue,
With <in at nurd !-al.u \ *>i 5.d00, who -dnili he charged, and
L inici.v <'IiiUsji*d, upu'-i the dim lion or the beeietary of
the a un.utih j.u-p ii.n« all tlu: iin>!iuetion-, regula-
tions dirfc;j! 'i<, loi'ie-. h'auk-, stamps, and licence*, aiid
di-tnl)<i;:>iL' tito miiiu.', oi any pait thereof, and all other
lnatteiJi peiUuiiii^ to the a^t^smeM and collection of the
dutie-, -t unp duties, hen^ec, and taxoa wlnelfauiy be tie-
ec^saiy to canv tin?- act into eiYeet, and with the geneial
supeiititf ndunee oi hi-* oliiee, as aforesaid, and shall have
cKithoi it\, and hereby it- authouzod and required, to provide
cotton marks, b.\ diometer«, and propei and jsulfieieutadhe-
nve stamp-, and stamp* oi di'-  for expie.-aing and deno-
ting the : evcicd -tamp duf!"-, or the amountihereot ui the
ea-ie of p^ieenUue duties, imposed by tins act, and to alter
arid icnfVt' or leplaee j-ueii Mamps, trora time to time, as
occasion shall requue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to
this point. J>y the provisions made in this act
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may send
and receive documents and mattois relative to the
duties of his office. There is a genera! law pro-
hibiting his receiving' documents, or has been so
construed by the Post Office Department, and the
result is that the office of internal revenue luis
' to pay bills of postage.
Mr. MORRILL. That general law was passed
subsequently to the passage of the original act of
taxation. This provision will u-medy that.
Scction four was read, as follows:
~ Sec. 4. .4hiI be it finlhn emida!, That the Secretary of
the Treasiny niav appoint net exceeding thiee levenue
agents, wlio e iluiie- shall lie, under tile direction ot the
Secretary, ot the Tteasiuy, to aid 111 Hie pi eventual, detec-
tion, and punishment ot Irau^N upon the levenue, who
shall be paid, m addition to I he expenses necessarily in-
curred by them, such compensation as the Secretary ot
the Treasury may deem just a
nig £,2,000 per auuuni, The ;
reasonable, not'exceed
ing £,2,000 per auuuni, The above, salaiies to. be. paid in
the same manner as arc other expenses for collectmji the
revenue.
Mr. MORRILL. I move tostrike oat" three,"
and in lieu thereof to insert " five," so that it
will provide for five revenue agents.
Mr. BROOKS. Will that create five additional
revenue agents ?
Mr. MORRILL, it will.
Mr. BROOKS. What are they for?
Mr. MORRILL. Some of the duties'of these
officers relate to some of (he gentleman's constit-
uents. I understand the practice has been by
some New York parties to carry tobacco up the
river and through the canal to Lake Champlain,
and enter it at St. John's to get the diawback;then
to get it upon some smaller vessel and in the night
take it backagain. Thus the same tobacco would
travel over the same route many times, and the
Treasury would be robbed. 'These officers are
to seive the purpose of detecting such frauds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section four,
in line five, by inserting after the word "reve-
nue" the word "internal."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, i move to amend the section
by reducing the numherof revenue officers to four.
Mr. MORRILL. As the gentleman is a good
pailianientanau 1 will make the point upon him,
that the committee have already inserted " five,"
and therefore his amendment is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Then 1 move to insert "six."
Mr. MORRILL. The numberfivehas already
been adopted. 1 submit theamendmentisnotin
order.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out "five"
and insert " six."
Mr. MORRILL. That is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not?
Mr. MORRILL. Because we have already
determined that the number shall be five.
Mr. BROOKS. I can accomplish my object
by moving to strike out the salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I will not say anything,
having now shown that I have the power to do
so. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
seven, by striking out all after the word " Con-
gress" where it fiist occurs in the following
clause:
PrnritlrJ, That the number of districts in any State shall
not exceed tile number of tteprescntatives to winch saeii
State shall be entitled in the piescnt Congiess, except In
eueii States as aie entitled to an increased representation
m the Thirty-Eighth Congress, m which States the nuin-
liei of di-lucts shall not exceed the number ot Represent-
atives to which any such Slate may lie so entitled: *-hu.l
yroiidcl jut lh'r, That in the Stale of California the Pres-
ident mav establish a nuinbei ol diMncts not exceeding the
number of Senator" and liepi'esemattves to which said
Slate is entitled in the present Congress.
This clause was copied from the old law, and
as this paragraph re fa is to the present Congress,
it will be perceived that it is unnecessary now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
eight by inserting after the word " appoint,"the
words" with the approval of said Commissioner,"
in the following clause:
.hill he it fmlher enacted, That each of the assessors
shall (t.vuie Ins distiK'l inlo a eonvniicntijnmbei of assess-
ment districts, which may be changed as often as may be
deemed iiecc>saiv, subject to alien regulations and limita-
tions as ma> In; impo-eel by the Commissioner of Internal
Iteveniie, within each of which he shall appoint one as-
sistant assessor, who shall be resident theiem.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the object?
Mr. MORRILL. It is to compel the assessor
who makes the appointment of the assistant as-
sessor to appoint such a man as the Commis-
sioner of the Internal Revenue shall approve. 1
understand that is the practice under the present
law, but we want it more plainly and distinctly
stated in this law.
Mr. BROOKS. In other words,'* the object
is to take from the assessor the whole political
power under the bill, and transfer it to Washing-
ton to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The Chair ordered tellers on the .amendment;
and appointed Mr. Price and Mr. Qdell.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 71), noes 28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. 1 move to amend thesanwsee-i
tion by. inserting in line' twenty-four, after the
word "that," the words "«efcording t6 the best
of my ability;" so as to make it read: • : . . •
■ And -that according to the best of my ability "I Will do
equal right and justice in every case in which I shall' act
as assessor. . , < v ■
The limitation " to the best of my knowledges
skill, and judgment," cpntained in a preceding
line, does not apply to thesewords to which I re-
fer, because this is a distinct undertaking. The
same effect perhaps would be produced by strik-
ing out the words  ' that I will," and I will change
my motion and move to strikeout the words " that
I will."'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amlnd sectiort
tw.elve, in line fifteen, by inserting affflfctjie word
"license" the words "or other,' so tlat it shall
read, "including all persons liable to pay aiicense
or other duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL: I move to amend section
thirteen, in line one, by inserting after the word
" person " the words " liable to p£ y any duty or
tax,-or;" So that the clause will read: .
That if any person, liable to pay any duty or rax, or own-
ing, possessing, or having the care or management ofjprop-
erty, goods, wares, and merchandise, articles or. objects
liable to pay any duty, tax, or license, shali fail to make and
exhibit a list or return required by law, and shall "consent
to disclose the particulars of any and ail the property,
goods, wares, and merchandise, articles and objectsdiable
to pay any duty or tax, or any business or occupation liable
to pay any license, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERN AN. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether, in the clause just
read and amended, the word "not" should not
be inserted before the word " consent?" I move
to insert the word " not."
Mr. KASSON. I think there would still be
an error. I hav«;.read the section over twice,
and my impression is that a lino has been left
out in printing the bill. It will be seen, by
reading the section through, that it is somewhat
questionable whether Use words should be " shall
consent" or "shall not consent," and therefore
1 ask the committee to pass over this section in-
formally, so that we may return to it after hav-
ing examined this point.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will suggest to thegen*
tleman there is no difficulty in relation to this
section. It is an exact transcript of the corre-
sponding section of the old law. It might, per-
haps, be made a little clearer by inserting the
word " but" in place of the word " and" in the
fifth line, but the. section as it here appears has
received construction, and it is, I think, suffi*
ciently clear as it stands. The only change at
all that I discover in the section is the insertion
in the ten4li <' of the words " or return." "
Mr. KERNAN. Very well. If the section
is satisfactory to the gentleman, I will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. KASSON. Still I would suggest that by
unanimous consent the section be passed over for
the present, to be returned to if upon a more care-
ful examination it should be found to be desirable
to make any change.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is perfectly clear that to
make this section perfectly intelligible the word
"and," in the fifth line, should be stricken out
and the word " but" inserted. I move to so
amend the fifth line of the section.
It is very clearly ris;ht that if a party shall fail
to make out the list as here required, but shall
consent to disclose the particulars on which the
list is to be made out, that should be received in-
stead of the list itself. It is correctly transcribed
from the old law; but to make it perfectly Heal-
th e word "and"should be stricken outancl "but"
inserted; and I hope, therefore, the amendment
will be adopted.
Jhe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLOAN. I will suggest that the word
"direct, "m line eight ofthe twelfth section, should
be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. That section has been
passed, and cannot be returned to except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SLOAN. I think the amendment should
be made. The intention of the section evidently
was that the work should be done about tho first
