1864.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 only refer to the confiscation part of the meas-
ure to show how comprehensive and fill-reaching
is tins scheme. The industrious gentleman from
Massachusetts {Mr. Eliot] states that he is the
author of the confiscation bill, of which this hill
is the sequel.
Mr. ELIOT. I did not say that I was the au-
thor of the confiscation bill. 1 said that I leported
it from the select committee that had (hat matter
in charge.
Mr. COX. I misapprehended the tenor of the
gentleman's remarks. I have no doubt that he
had a good deal to do with getting it up. The
gentleman's modesty will not pet mi t him to claim
the credit of it. I jathei think that all of these
measures spring from the fertile Inain of the So-
licitor of the Treasury, (Mr. Whiting.) He is
the reservoir of ail the Republican heresy and
legislation proposed in this House; though he is
often confounded, I think, with divine Provi-
dence, to whom gentlemen are erroneously in the
habit of attiibuting these abolition measures.
But to leturn to the member from Massachu-
setts. The effect of former legislation has been,
in his opinion, to bring under the control of the
Government large multitudes of freedmen who
"had ceased to be# slaves, but had not learned
how to bo free." To care for these multitudes
he presents this bill, which, if not crude and un-
digested, yet is sweeping and revolutionary;. It
begins a policy for our Federal Government of
limited and express powers, so latitudmarian that
the whole system of our Government is changed.
If the acts of confiscation and the proclamations,
on which this measure is founded, be usurpations,
how can we who have denounced them favor a
measure like this?
According to Mr. Whiting, this system, to be
complete, must include in its provisions all the
abandoned lands, all lands forfeited for taxes, all
confiscated lands, all derelict personalty, all col-
ored men free before the warm rebellious distiicts,
and all fugitives thereto fiom loyal States, all le-
gal proceedings of confiscation, all migrations of
blacks to and from rebel States, all laws compen-
sating masters for slaves, and all other matteis
relating to the colored people, whether bond or
free.
This is a new system introduced intoourGov-
ernment. It opens a vast opportunity for greed,
tyranny, corruption, and abuse. It may be in-,
augurated in the name of humanity; but I doubt,
sir, if any Government, much less our Federal
Government of limited and delegated powers, will
ever succeed in the philanthropic line of business,
such as is contemplated by this bill.
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts appeals to
us to forget the past—not to inquire how these
poor people have become free, whether by law or
by usurpation, but to look the gteat fact in the
face " that three million slaves have become and
are becoming free."
Before I come to thatgreat fact let me firstlook
to the Constitution. My oath to that, is the high-
est humanity. By preserving the Constitution
amidst the rack of war, in any vital part, we are
saving for a better time something of those liber-
ties, State and peisonal, which have given so much
happiness for over seventy years to so many mil-
lions; and which, under a favoiable Administra-
tion, might again restore contentment to our af-
flicted people. Hence the highest humanity is in
building strong the ramparts of constitutional le-
straint against such radical usurpations as is pro-
posed to be inaugurated by measures kindred to
this befoie the House.
If the gentleman can show us warrant in the
Constitution to establish this eleemosynary sydft
tern for the blacks, and for making the Govern®^
nient of the United States a grand plantation spec-
ulator and overseer, and the Treasury a fund for
the helpless negro, I will then consider the char-
itable light in which he has commended his bill
to our sympathies. It does not follow that be-
cause (as General Butler once said) there were as
many poor in proportion to the people in the poor-
houses of Massachusetts who weie lulled out-
right by bad treatment as were killed at the battle
of Solforino in proportion to those engaged, that
we are to interfere by Federal legislation for the
victims of Massachusetts inhumanity.
I would love to do something for the poor blacks
who have been thrown houseless, clotheless, food-
ies^, medicmeless, and friendless on the cold
World by the improvident and barbarous philan-
thropy now in vogue; butwhen my constituents
ask me for my warrant thus to tax them, 1 wish
to be able to point it out. If you can so frame
your bill as to draw no money from the Treas-
ury, anu make your scheme self-supporting; or
if you can so perfect the system as to connect it
legally with the military without degrading the
Army, and still disciplmeand care for the unfor-
tunate blacks, male and female, old and young,
strong and weak, then we may consider its pro-
pi iety and legality with a view to aid its passage.
We cannot and do notdesiie to ignoie the fact
that incalculable misery has been and will be the
fate of the freed negroes; but it is another and a
difficult problem to reconcile the aid they require
fiom the benevolent with our oaths and well-ma-
tuicd judgments as to the province of the Federal
Government over matters like this. The gentle-
man refers us for the constitutionality of this meas-
ure to the war power, the same power b/ winch
he justifies the emancipation proclamation and
similar .measures. We upon this side are thor-
oughly cominced of the utter sophistry of such
reasoning. If the proclamation be unconstitu-
tional, how can this or any measure based on it
be valid? Thegentleman says, "If thePiesident
had the power to free the slave, does it not imply
the power to take care of him when freed ?" Yes,
no doubt, if he had any power under the war
power he has all power. He is so utterly irre-
sponsible that evow Congress cannot share his mo-
narchical despotism. Under the war power he is
a tyrant without a clinch on his i evolutions. He
can spin m any orbit he likes, as far and as long-
as he plKis'-s.
He refeis us also to that clause of the Consti-
tution which authorizes Congiess "to declare
war and to make rules concerning captures on
land." Tin,i latter argument squai es with the the-
ory of this war announced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] for'tin; author-
ity of Congress to declare war is of eourse only
meant as against foreign nations, ami Congress
can make all rules concerning captures in $uch
a war. But unless the gentlemen on the other
side arc ready to acknowledge the independence
of the South, and recognize them as a separate
nation of belligerents, then his argument pioves
nothing m behalf of this bill, except that he is a
theoretical secessionist. The constitutional aigu-
i ment in favor of this bill is one that this side of
the House cannot recognize, unless we are pre-
pared to unsay and undo all that we have said
and done to protect the Constitution since the
abolition measures began to lake the foi m of I iw.
" But," it is urged, something must be done
for the pooi blacks. Tlmy are punching by thou-
sands. We must look the great fact of nnti-sla-
veiyund its millions of enfianclnxed \ietims in
the face and legislate for their iclitf'." Such is
the appeal to our kindlier natures. Something
should be done. The humanity which so long
pitied the plumage should not foiget the dying
bird. But what can he done without violating the
Cffnstitution of the United States, or without in-
trenching upon a domain never giantcd by the
States or the people in their written charter of
poweis? What can be done? Oh! ye, honey-
tongued humniiitaiians of New England, witli
your coffers filled from the lough hand of west-
ern toil, the beaded sweat of whose industry by
the subtle alchemy of your inventive genius is
transmuted info the jewels of your nai\enu and
shoddy splendor, with your dividends rising
higher and higher like waves under this storm of
war; I would beseech you to go into the camps
of the conttabands, as the gentleman described
them, who are staivmg and pining foi their old
homes, and lift them out of the mne into which
your improvident and premature schemes have
diaj-rged them, pour the oil of healing into their
wounds, and save a few of them at least from the
doom of^xurpation . Here is a fntinir and legal
opportunity for the exercise of a giaeious human-
ity. I rejoice to know that many good men, e\en
fiom New England, have embraced it.
But the gentleman urges this legislation, be-
cause if it be not passed, ihe President's procla-
mation will be made " a living lie." He thinks
that " neither the considerate judgment of man-
kind nor the gracious favor of God can be in-
voked upon the Piesident's act of freedom unless !
the law shall protect the freedom which thesword j
has declared.5' Not niuiely has the PiesiJent's j
proclamation been made a living lie, but the thou- j
sands of corpses daily hun;i$d out of the- contra-
band hovels and tents along the Mississippi prove
it to have been a deadly lie. Neither the judgmentv
of man nor the favor of God can be invoked with-
out mockery upon a fanatical project so fraught
with misery to the weak and wholesale slaughter
to its deluded victims!
But we are warned to look the great fact in the
face that millions unfit for freedom are yet to be-
come free. I know, Mr. Speaker, that we cannot
change the fact by closing our eyes. It is true.
The revolution rolls on. No effort on the part of
Ihe Democracy to achieve a peace through con-
ciliation wiii now be listened to. The spirit of
thosein power is the spiritofextermination. The
war with its revolutions goes on, and Slavery as a
political if not as a social institution may fall under
its crushing car. It may be that all of the four
million slaves will be thrown, like the one hundred
thousand already freed, upon the frigid charities
of the woild. But,sir, if slavery be doomed,:so,
alas! is the slave. No scheme like this bill can
save him. The Indian reserves, treaties,-boun-
ties, and agencies did not and does not save the
red man. No Government farming system, no
charitable black scheme, can wash out the color
of the negro, change his inferior nature, or save
him from his inevitable fate. The irrepressible
conflict is not between slavery and freedom, but
between black and white; and, as De Tocque-
ville prophesied, the black will petish.
Do gentlemen on the-other side rely upon the
new system, called by the transcendental aboli-
tionists "Miscegenation to save the black? This
is but another name for amalgamation; but it-will
not save the negro. True, Wendell Phillips says
it is " God's own method of crushing out the
hatred of race, and of civilizing and elevating the
world," and Theodore Tilton, the editor of the
Independent, (a paper publishing the laws of the
United States by authority,) holds that hereafter
the "negro will lose his typical blackness and be
found clad in white men's skins." But, sir, no
system so repugnant to (he nature of our race—■
and to organize which doubtless the next Con-
gress of Progressives, and perhaps the gentleman
troni Massachusetts, will practically provide—can
save the negro.
Mr. ELIOT. I have no doubt that my friend
understands all about it. •
M r. COX. I understand all about it, for I have
the docttines laid down in circulars, pamphlets,
and books published by your anti-slavery people.
But it was not myintontion to discuss it now and
Upon this bill.
Mr. PRICE. If all the blacks are crushed Qut,
how is amalgamation to ruin the country?
Mr. COX. They will all run, according to the
new gospel of abolition, into the white people,
on that side of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. Is that what the gentleman is
aft aid of?
Mr. COX. No, sir; for I do not believe that
the doctrine of miscegenation, or the amalgama-
tion of the white and black, now strenuously
urged by the abolition leaders, wili save the ne-
gro. It will destroy him utterly. The physiolo-
gist will tell the gentleman that the mulatto does
not live; he dues not recreate his kind; he is a
monster.
Such hybrid races, by a law of Providence,
scarcely survive beyond one generation. I prom-
ise the gentleman at some future and appropriate
time, when better prepared to develope that idea
of miscegenation as now heralded by the aboli-
tionists, who are in the van of the Kepublican
movement——-
Mr. ELIOT. I hope that the gentleman will
go into it.
Mr. COX. If such be the desire of the gentle-
man I wili attempt it, though reluctantly; for my
in Is, like the doctrine, are a little " mixed."
Mr. GLtlNNELL iose.
Mr. COX. I cannot yield to the gentleman.
I want none of his impertinences in my speech.
The other day when I was speaking he inter-
rupted me with them without my consent. I do
not recognize him as the member to whom I owe
the courtesy of my attention.
But since I am challenged to exhibit this doc-
trine of the abolitionists—mailed after some Greek
words—miscegenation—to mingle and generate—I
call yout attention first to aciicular I hold in my
hand. It was ciiculated at the Cooper Institute
the other night, when a female who, in the pres-
