710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
ence of the President, Vice President, and you,
Mr. Speaker, and your associates m this Hall,
made the same saucy speech for abolition which
she addressed to the people of New York. It
begins with the following significant quotation
from Shakspeare:
"The elements
So mixed in liim that Nature might stand up,
And say to all the world, This was a man 1"
[Laughter.]
" Miscegenation: the Theory of the Blending of the Kaces,
applied to the American White Man and Negro. Among
the subjects treated of are
- "I. The Mixture of Caucasian and African Blood Essen-
tial to American Progress." [Laughter.]
"2. Ilow the American may become Comely." [Laugh-
ter.]
. „ "3. The Type Man a Miscegen—The Spbynx Riddle
Solved.
"4. The Irish and Negro first to Commingle." [Laugh-
ter.]
"5. Heart Histories of the Daughters of the South.
<c6. Miscegenetic Ideal of Beauty in Women.
"7. The Future—No White—No Black."
If gentlemen doubt the authenticity of this new
movement let them go to the office of publication,
113 Nassau street, New York, and purchase.
The movement is an advance upon the doctrine of
the gentlemen opposite, but they will soon work
up to it. The more philosophical and apostolic
of the abolition fraternity have fully decided upon
the adoption of this amalgamation platform. I
am informed that the doctrines are already in-
dorsed by such lights as Parker Pillsbury, Lu-
cretia Mott, Albert Brisbane, William Wells
Brown, Dr. McCune Smith, (half and half—mis-
cegen,) Angelina Grimke,Theodore D. Weld and
wife, and others.
But these are inferior lights compared with
others I shall quote. When I name Theodore
Tilton, an editor of the Government paper in
Brooklyn called the Independent; when I recall
the fact that the polished apostle of abolition,
Wendell Phillips, whosegolden-lipped eloquence
can make miscegenation as attractive to the earns
it is to the other senses; when 1 quote from the
New York Tribune, the center and circumference
of the abolition movement, and Mrs.Stowe, whose
writings have almost redeemed by their genius
the hate and discord which they aided to create;
when I shall have done all this, I am sure the
Progressives on the other side will begin to prick
up their ears and study the new science of misce-
genation with a view to its practical realization
by a bureau. [Laughter.]
First hear the testimony of Wendell Phillips.
He says:
"Now I am going to say something that I know will
make the New York Herald use Us small capital* and notes
of admiration, and yet no well-informed man this side ot'
Chfha hut believes it tn the very core of his heait. That
is, 'amalgamation'—a woid that the northern apologist
for slavery has always used so glibly, but which you never
hoard from a southerner. Amalgamation ! Remember
this, the youngest of you: that on the 1th day of July,
1603, you heard a man say, that m the light of all history,
In virtue of every page he ever rem!, he wiw an ani.d^am'i-
tiontst to the utmost extent. I have no hope lor the Jutme,
ah lias country has no past, and Euiope has no past hut in
that sublime mingling of lace-i which is God's own method
of civilizing ami elevating the world. God, bv the events
of bis providence, h euisliing out Hie hatied ot'iace which
haa crippled this eountiy until to-day."
I put it to gentlemen on the other side, A re you
responsible for him ? Ah! you received him,how
ardently in this city and Capitol last year!
Mr. ELIOT. 1o whom does the gentleman
refer?
Mr. COX. Wendell Phillips. The Senate
doots flew open for him; the Vice President of
the United States welcomed him; Senators flocked
around him; Representatives checred his disunion
utterances at the Smithsonian; and you will fol-
low him wherever he leads. He is a practical
amalgamationist, and he is leading and will lead
you up to the platform on which you will finally
stand. You may seem coy and reluctant now,
but so you were about the political equality of the
negro a year ago; so you were about abolishing
slavery in the States two years ago. Now you
are in the millennialglory of abolition. So it will
be hereafter with amalgamation!
Here is what Theodore Tilton, editor of the
Independent, says in the circular to which I have
refeired:
"Have you not seen with your own eyes—no man can
have escaped it—that, the blac k race in this country is losing
its typical blackness? The Indian is dying out; thenegio
is only changing color! Men who, by and by, shall ask
for the Indians, will be pointed to their graves': 'Theiehe
their ashes.5 Men who, by and by, shall ask for the. ne-
groes, will be told,'There they go, clad in white men's
skins.' A hundred years ago a mulatto was a curiosity;
now the mulattoes are half a million. You can yourself
predict the future!"
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will permit me
to say that surely all this was under a state of
slavery.
Mr. COX. I will show the gentleman directly
that his friends and leaders propose to continue it
in a state of freedom. It will be the freest kind
of license.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will allow me to
suggest whether the difficulty he labors under is
not that the Democratic party is afraid the Re-
publicans will get ahead of them.
Mr. COX. 1 am notafraid of anything of the
kind while white people remain upon which we
can center our affections and philanthropy. You
can take the whole monopoly of " miscegena-
tion.'' We abhor and detest it. The circular
referred to has other indorsements, which I quote
before*! reach that Warwick of Republicanism,
Horace Greeley. The Anti-Slavery Standard of
January 30 says:
" This pamphlet comes directly ami fearlessly to the ad-
vocacy of an idea of which the American people are more
afraid than any other. Assuredly God's laws will fulfill
and vindicate themselves, it is in the highest degiee im-
probable that lie ha* placed a natural repugnance between
any two families of His children. Ii lie has done so, that
decree will execute itself, and these two will never seek
intimate companionship together. If, on the contrary, He
has made no such barrier, no such one Is needful oi desir-
able, and every attempt to restiam these parties from ex-
el cising their natural choice is in contravention of Ilis will,
and is an unjust exercise of power. The futuie must de-
cide how f.n black and white aie disposed to seek each
other m marriage. The probahihly is that there will be a
progressive intermingling, and that the nation will be bene-
fited by it."
I hold in my hand the Anglo-African, of Janu-
ary 23, which discusses thin subject from the
purely Afiican stand-point:
The author of the pamphlet before us advances beyond
thes<  lights of the days gone by. What they deemed a re-
mote and undesiiablc piolmhilit) he legauls as a present
and picking necessity; what they deemed to be an evil to he
legislated against he icgard-- as a blessing winch should be
hastened by all the legislative and political ojionizations
in the land ! The word, nay the deed, miscencnation, the
same in substance with the word amalgamation, the ter-
ior of our abolition fneiuls twenty years ago, and ofmany
of them to-d.iy—miscegenation winch means intermai-
nages between whites and blacks—' mi-eegenaHon,' which
means the absolute piucticat brotherhood and social inter-
mingling of blacks and whites, he would have nisei ibed on
the bannerol the Republican paity,and held upas the watch-
woid of the next pi essential platlbtni P' * * *
* " We take a deep iute e-t in the doctrine «hadowed
forth,thatto improve agiven raceol men. It is too late to
begin with infantandSundayschoolmg: at bnth they have
the bent of their parents, which we may slightly alter, but
cannot radically change. The education and improvement
should begin with the mairlage of panics who, instead of
stlong resemblances, should have < onuasw which are com-
plementary each ot the other. It disgraceful to onr
modem civilization that we have societies for improving
the breed ot sheep, horse*, and pigs, while the human race
is lelt to grow up without scientific cultme."
The editor of the Anglo-African confesses that
he im a little staggered in his theories by what he
calls the evident deterioration of the mixed bloods
ofCentral America, but he finds the solution of the
difficulty in the fact that the races there mixed,
Indian and Spanish, are not complementary of
each other. This, to my observation,Mr.Speaker,
is as absurd as it is untrue. But 1 am not now
arguing the reasonableness of this doctrine of
mixed races. 1 only propose to show what it is,
and whither it is tending.
The New York Tribune, the great organ of the
dominant party, is not so frank as the Anglo-
Afncan, but its exposition of " miscegenation " is
one of the signs which point to the Republican
solution of our African troubles by the amalga-
mation of the races. In indorsing the doctrine of
this pamphlet, Mr. Greeley holds that—
u No statesman in his senses cares to put morsels of cu-
ticle under a mieio-cope before he detuniines upon the
prudence of a particulai policy. Diversity of rates is the
condition precedent in */lmerica,and their amrnilation is the
problem. Hish skulls, bioad skulls, Jong skulls, black hair,
red hair,yellow hau,stt aight jaws or prominent jaws, while
skins, black skins, copper •'kins,or olive skins, (jpucasiaus,
Ethiopians, Mongolian*, Americans, oi Malajs, with oval
pelvm, round pdvis, square pelvis, or oblong pelvic, wc
have or may have them all in our population ; and our
business is to accommodate all by subjecting merely mate-
rial differences to the ameliorating influence of an'honest
and unlimited recognition of one common nature."
To " assimilate these various races" is the prob-
lem which Mr. Greeley approaches. We can-
not but admire the delicate phraseology by which
his approaches arc couched. Not so the pam-
phlet to which I referred. !t is bold and out-
spoken. It advocates a preference of the black
over the white as partners. The following are the
points inculcated by its author:
" 1. Since the whole human race is of one family, there
should be, in a republic, no distinction in political o"r social
rights on account of color, race, or nativity.
"2. The doctiine ot human brotherhood implies the right
of white and black to mteiinany.
"3. The solution of the negro problem will not be reached
in this country until public opinion sanctions a union of
the two races.
" 4. As the negro is here and cannot be driven out there
should be no impediment to the absorption ot one laee m
the other.
"5. .Legitimate unions between whites and blacks could
not possibly have any worse effect than the illegitimate
unions which have been going on more than a century at
the South.
"6. The mingling of diverse races is proved by all history
to have been a positive benefit to the progeny.
"7. Thesouthem lebellion iscausediess byslaverythan
by the base prejudice resulting from distinction of color;
and pertcct peace can come only by a cessation of that dis-
tinction through an absoiption of the black race by the
white.
" 8. It is the duty of anti-slavery men everywhere to ad-
vocate the mingling of the two races.
"9. The next presidentral election should secure to the
blacks all then social and political rights ; and the progres-
sive party should not flinch from conclusions fauly deduei-
ble from their own principles.
"10. In the millennial future the highest type of man-
hood will not be white or black, but biown; and the union
of black with white in marriage will help the human fam-
ily the soonei to realize its great destiny."
The author finds an emblem of his success in
the blending of many to make the one new race,
in the crowning of the dome above this Capitol
with the bronze statue of Liberty ! It is neither
black nor white, but the intermediate miscegen,
typifying the exquisite composite race which is
to arise out of this war for abolition, and whose
destiny it is to rule the continent! Well might
the cot respondent of the New York Tribune, in
describing the lifting of the uncouth masses, and
bolting them together joint by joint, till they
blended into the majestic " Freedom" which lifts
her head in the blue sky above us, regard the
scene as prophetic of the time when the recon-
structed symbol of freedom in America shall be
a colored goddess of liberty! But to the pam-
phlet itself. Here we have it, Mr. Speaker. This
new evangel for the redemption of the black and
white, upon its introductoiy page begins as fol-
lows:
"The word is spoken at last. It is miscegenation—the
blending of the vauous races of men—the practical recog-
nition ot the brotherhood of all the children of the common
Failiei." [Laughter.]
Just what our miscegeneticChaplain prays for
here almost every morning; and you all voted for
him, even some of my friends from the border
States. The " introduction" proceeds:
" While the sublime inspirations of Christianity have
taught tiiis doctrine, Christians so-called have ignoied it in
denying social equality to the colored man ; while democ-
racy is founded upon the idea that all men are equal, Dem-
ocrats have shrunk fiom the logic ot their own creed, and
refused to fraternize with the people of all nation*; while
s< lence has demonstrated that the intermamagc of diverse
races if indispensable to a progiessive humanity, its vota-
ries, in this country at least, have neverhad the courage to
apply that lule to the relations oft he white and eoloied laces.
Uut Chi NuanIty, democracy and science, aie stronger than
the timidity, prejudice, and pi ide of shortsighted men ; and
the) teach that a people, to become gieat, must become
composite. Tins involve- whati-s vulgarly known as amal-
gamation," [laughter,} u and those who diead that name,
and the thought" and fact it implies, are warned against
leading these pages."
There are some remaikable things thrown out
in this pamphlet, which should be examined by
gentlemen upon the other side. The author dis-
cusses the effectoftemperatureon color, duo ting
from a German naturalist, he holds—
"That the true skin is perfectly white; that over it is
placed another membrane, c;Tllcd the reticular tissue, and
that this is the membrane that is black ; and, finally, that it
is covcied by a third niembiane, the scarf-kin, which has
4een compared to a fine vanu&h lightly extended over the
^lored membrane, and designed to piotect it. Examine
Iso this piece of skin, belonging to a very fair pei.-on. You
perceive over the true white skin a membiane of a slitrlity
brownish tint, and ovei that, again, but quite distinct from
it, a Iran-parent membiane. In othei words, it clearly ap-
pears that the whites and the copper-eoloied have a colored
membrane which is placed under the scan skin and imme-
diately above the true skin, just as it is in the negio. The
infant negroes arc horn white, or rather reddish, like thobC
of othei ■people," [laughter,] "'but in two or three days the
color begins to change; they speedily become copper-color ed,'}
[laughtoi -] £* and by the seventh or eighth, day, thou°h never
exposed to the sun, they appear quite black.'" [Laughter.]
" fie mentions that it is known that negroes, in some rare
instance-, are bom quite white oi are true Albinos; some-
times, aitei being black foi many years, they become pic-
bald, oi whollv white, without their general health suffering
utidei the change. He also mentions another metamor-
phose, which would not be agieeable to the prejudices of
many amonir in; it is that of the white becoming piebald
with black as deep as ebony."
