1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is oil-dressed afterwards.
If it is not so, then the argument goes for noth-
ing. It is common neat leather or cows'leather
tanned and curried in a certain way by the use of
oil.
Mr. HARRIS. This is oil-dressed leather.
Mr. TEN EYCK. But oil-dressed leather is
tanned and curried with the use of oil. Certainly
that which goes to make boots and shoes and
harness is prepared in that way. If that is so,
then the same reason will apply to that class of
articles.
I do not mean to take up any more time on this
subject. The matter has been discussed more
fully and extensively, perhaps, than it ought to
have been. If the exception is proper with re-
gard to the pursuit which the Senator from New
York has in charge, it is proper with respect to
this other branch of business. I can see no dif-
ference or distinction between them myself. If
his amendment should be adopted will the Sena-
tor from New York extend it so as to -apply to
this whole subject?
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Then 1 think we ought not
to make the exception, but should vote the amend-
ment down.
Mr. CLARK. When the amendment was of-
fered by the Senator from New York the other
day in regard to this matter, it was in a very dif-
ferent shape, and I opposed it. I am inclined to
support his amendment now in its presentshape,
and I think I can give a good reason for it,and 1
think the reason will be of some consideration to
the Senatorfrom New Jersey why thisexception
should be made in this case and not in the case
which he mentions of harness. These gloves,
mittens, and moccasins come in conflict with a
certain other kind of manufacture, and have to
compete withthem; that is,theleatherglovecom-
petes with the woolen glove; the leather mitten
with the woolen mitten; and the moccasin with
the India-rubberand the leather shoe. You only
require of the man who makes the woolen glove
and the woolen mitten to pay the increased value
of the manufacture upon the yarn, and the man
who makes theleatherglove orleathermitten has
hard competition now with the woolen glove and
woolen mitten, because that work is done by ma-
chinery. I would not impose an unjust burden
upon this class of manufactures. I am afraid it
would increase the competition in such a way that
it would be onerous. You will get the tax upon
the leather and then on its increased value when
made into moccasins, gloves, or mittens, as I un-
derstand it, by the amendment of the Senator
from New York, just as you get another tax on
the yarn when it is manufactured into woolen
gloves or mittens. I do not see any objection to
the amendment in that view, because this class of
articles comes in competition with another class.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in thechair.) The question is on theamendment
of the Senator from New York.
Mr. HARRIS. On that I will ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLARK. I thjnk we can carry it with-
out the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the Senator from New
Hampshire a question for information. In the
instance given by the Senator from New Jersey,
and- also, 1 believe, referred to by the Senator
from' New York, if cotton yarns are purchased
and the purchaser weaves them into fabric, what
is the tax which the manufacturer of the fabric
has to pay? Again, there are iron rods that are
purchased in that form, and are manufactured
into various other articles. There is an iron bar,
for instance, that is rolled for the purpose of mak-
ing horse-shoes. Suppose a manufacturer pur-
chases these iron rods or these iron bars to manu-
facture into something else, is there any deduction
of duty from the person who manufactures the
iron rod or the iron bar into a different article in
consequence of its having been subjected to a duty
previous to that time?
Mr. CLARK. Upon textile fabrics the in-
creased value is ordinarily assessed over the value
of the yarn; but upon iron I do notnow remem-
ber of any case, though there may be cases, where
it is taxed in that way. It does not ordinarily
come into competition with any other article. I
only desire this tax to be put in this way because
these gloves and mittens come in competition with
articles on which we do make the same discrimin-
ation precisely.
Mr. GRIMES. What manufacture?
Mr. CLARK^ That of woolen mittens and
gloves. It is provided for in the bill in precisely
the same way that we ask in regard to tnese mit-
tens.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the Senator said also
that the moccasins came in competition with
shoes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was a mistake,
Mr. CLARK. They do to a certain extent.
Mr. GRIMES. But we tax the shoes four times
before they reach the consumer.
Mr. CLARIC. They do come in competition
with the leather shoe.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know where
moccasins are taxed in the bill except in the sheep-
skins when first imported.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me call the Senator's
attention to this clause on page 141:
On leather of all description*:, curried or finished,, a duty
of five per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That all'luather
previously assessed in the rough and upon which duties
have been actually paid shall be assessed on the increased
value only when cuiried and finished.
Mr. HARRIS. There is the same provision
in relation to yarn.
Mr. CLARK. I will state for the information
of the Senator from Iowa that this leather is man-
ufactured into a peculiar kind of shoes, the top
of which is made of this kind of leather and the
bottom of ordinary leather; and it comes in di-
rect competition in that way. I am not quite sure
whether that would be called a moccasin or not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blown, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Ivan*at>, Morgan,
Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wil-
kinson, Willey, and Wilson—23. *
NAYS—-Messrs. Collamer, Fessenden, Grimes, Sher-
man, and Ten Eyrk—5.
ABSENT—Mesa-r^. Bnckalew, Carlile, Conness, Dixon,
DooJittle, Foot, Hardin?, Ilendncks, Hickb, Howard,
Howe, MeDougall, Morrill, Nesmitii. Pomeioy, Riddle,
Squl bury,-Si>rague, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As that amendment has
been adopted, I move that the Senate non-concur
in the amendment made in committee inserting
after the word "smoked," in that clause, the
words " when sold or removed for sale." I sup-
pose when we come to vote on concurring in the
amendments made in committee, gentlemen will
indicate those on which they desire a sepatate
vote; but in this case we can take the vote now.
The amendment was non-concurred in. •
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to amend section
one hundred and nine, on page 161, the section
relating to banks and banking, not to change the
amount of the tax, but to change the time of the
payment of the tax so as to have a monthly tax
instead of a semi-annual tax. 1 have piepared
some amendments to carry out that idea. In line
two I move to strike out the woids iS one quarter''
and to insert the words " one twenty-fourth." I
have made quite a number of changes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps the shortest way
would be to withdraw the other amendments made
in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can withdraw them, if
that is the sense of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I want to amend this sec-
tion also.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Sherman ) Have
you prepared all the amendments that will be ne-
cessary to be made?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; and I can offer
them very rapidly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then perhaps you had ;
better go on. |
Mr. SHERMAN. In line two I move to strike j
out "one quarter" and insert "one twenty-|
fourth;" in line three to strike out the words j
" half year" and insert the word " month;" so j
that it will read, " one twenty-fourth of one per
cent, each month."
Mr. COWAN. The Senator had better say
"two per cent, per annum, payable monthly."
That would make it better English.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to conform to tlie
language of the section. In line eleven—:—
Mr.1 FESSENDEN. I think we Imd better
take a vote on one of the amendments first, and
settle the question whether the section shall be so
altered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let the question
be taken on that amendment in the second and
third lines; andif that is agreed to I will notsend
up the rest to" the desk. The only effect of the
amendments, as I have stated, is to require a
monthly return instead of a semi-annual return
and a semi-annual tax.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do tjiey make any differ-
ence in the amount of the tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not a particle. I assure
the Senator he can examine the amendments tp
his heart's content, and he will find that they do
not change the tax which has been agreed upon.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought they did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not the slightest.
Mr. COLLAMER. But suppose that to be
the case, my objection to it is this: I know that
in relation to the banks in New England, and I
presume it is so in the West, at certain seasons
of the year when money is wanted for the pur-
pose of moving the productions of the country
to market in any part of the country, that is the
time when the people call for large sums of money
from the banks. Now, the great point made
against the State banks consists in this,that they
inflate the currency and the amount of circulation.
In the region of country where I live, for instance,
their principal product is wool. Take the period
of the shearing, in June, when the time comes for
purchasing up the clips of wool. Then applica-
tion is made to the banks by the people who are
going into the business of purchasing this wool
to take it to market for the money with which to
pay for it; and so you will have out, say in the
month of July, after shearing time, in a country
bank more than double the amount that you will
have at any time between that and the last part
of the fall of the year, when they take out the
money to take cattle into market. The greater
part of it will return in the course of some sixty
days.
Now, I apprehend it is sought to obtain monthly
returns from the banks, so that persons may take
those returns for the months in which they do
the largest business, and say that even in three
months they inflate the currency double, and they
do it every year. I undertake to say that the
amount of circulation of every bank in the part
of the country where I live from April until July
is more than doubled. Then we shall have im-
putations and arguments without number that
they inflate the currency even in three months.
Mr. SHERMAN.- If I understand the Senator
from Vermont, the only objection be has to re-
quiring these returns is that they will furnish
arguments against the State banks.
Mr. COLLAMER. My objection is,thegreat
trouble of making these monthly returns.
Mr. SHERMAN. His principal objection is,
that it will furnish arguments against the banks
that they inflate the currency. The only effect
of the amendment is to require of these banks
monthly returns, the same returns that are re-
quired of the national banks, so that the public
at large and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
know precisely the amount of circulation of the
State and national banks at the beginning of every
month.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Youdonotrequiremonthly
returns of the national banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; they are required
to make monthly returns. They pay their tax;
quarterly, but monthly returns are required from
the national banks. If they have much circula-
tion, they pay at the beginning of the month for
amount of circulation; if they have but little, they
pay but little; so that it is not unjust to the banks
at all. It simply enables the officer in the Treasury
Department to know at the beginning of every
month the whole amount of the currency of the
country. I hope, therefore, the amendment will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now-read the other
amendments together. In line eleven I move to
strike out " one quarter" and to insert u one
twenty-fourth;" in line twelve to strike out the
words " half year" and insert the word " month
