1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrKESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Repeal of Fugitive Slave Lctivs—Mr. Davis.
These are foundation principles, upon which our
great structure of blended natfonal and State gov-
ernments, " E plurihus uniim*" was reared; and
their disregard has produced all our past troubles,
and a stili raging civil war of which history records
no parallel. They form the indispensable condi-
tion of our Union, liberty, peace, power, and great-
ness; to win back and perpetuate which, the peo-
ple of the free and slave States must return to and
inviolably observe those great principles. If
they will not or cannot do this, if they will not
or cannot preserve both liberty and Union, if
one is to succumb, for me, let the Union before
liberty perish a thousand times. In the lan-
guage of Patrick Henry, pronounced by him in
thunder-tones at the dawn of our revolutionary
struggle, " Give me liberty, or give me death."
RErEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAWS.
SPEECH OF HON. G. DAVIS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the United States Senate,
Jwie 23, 1864.
T1)c Senate having under consideration the bill to repeal
the fugitive slave act of 1850, and all acts and parts, of acts
for the rendition of fugitive slaves—
Mr. DAVIS said;
Mr. President: I shall endeavor not to abuse
the courtesy of the Senate extended to me last
night in continuing this subject over for debate
until this morning, which I was-induced to ask
through my fnend and colleague in consequence
of indisposition, and from which indisposition I
have not much recovered. I do not propose to
occupy a great deal of the time of the Senate at
this late stage of the session on this subject.
Mr. President, the measure under considera-
tion proposes to repeal the fugitive slave laws that
have passed Congress, one in 1793 and the other
in 1850. Those laws were passed under a mandate
of the Constitution. There aie two provisions
in it, one in relation to fugitives ftorn justice and
the other of fugitives from labor, and for the ex-
ecution of which provision was made in one act
passed in 1793, by the Second Congress, and ap-
proved by Washington. I will read together these
provisions of the Constitution:
" 1. A person chaigcd in any State with treason, felony,
or other crime, who shall flee from justice, and be found
In another State, shall, on demand of the executive au-
thority of the State from which lie fled, he delivered tip,
to be removed to the Slate having jurisdiction of the ci imp.
l>-2. No person held to sei vice or labor ui one State, un-
der the laws thereof, escaping into another, con-
sequence of any law oi legulanou ihetein, ho difcinupi'd
from such sei vice or labor, hut shall be d<Mveied upon
claim of the paity to whom such seivice or labor m.iy i> *
due."
Every member of the Senate and of the House
of Representatives takes an oath to suppoit the
Constitution of the United States. Thatoath can-
not be kept in relation to these two clauses with-
out legislation to give them effect. In fulfillment
of its duty, the Second Congress under the Con-
stitution passed a law to make those provisions
operative.
It remained the sole law upon the subject in
relation to fugitives from labor until 1850, when
there was an additional and subsidiary act ot Con-
gress passed.
Now, sir, the bill that has passed the House of
Representatives, and which is pending before the
Senate, is a simple, unconditional repeal of so much
of the law of 1793 as relates to fugitives from
labor, and of the law of 1850, which relates to no
other subject,withoutsubstituting any other legis-
lation to give effect to the clause in the Consti-
tution relative to fugitives from labor. Mr. Pres-
ident, I ask you, and the other members of this
body, do you conceive by this course you are
fulfilling your duty; that by proposing to repeal
all the legislation upon that subject and not to re-
elect any other, you are keeping your oaths to
support the Constitution of the United States? Is
it not the plain and obvious obligation of that oath
that all the necessai y legislation by Congress that
may be requisite to execute any of the powers,
or make available the rights that are assured by
the Constitution, shuli be passed by the legislative
department of the Government?
Is it not as obligatory upon Congress to cxe-
New Series—Ko. 'J.
cute by proper legislation the provision in rela-
tion to fugitives from iaboras that which provides
for fugitives from justice? Are they not alike
provisions of the Constitution and of equal obli-
gation ? Can either of them be carried into oper-
ation without the necessary auxiliary legislation
of Congress? Suppose there was a double prop-
osition in this bill, as it came to usfrom the other
House, to repeal all laws in relation to fugitives
from justid^ as well as those that relate to fugi-
tives from labor: would any member of the
Senate think of voting for the unconditional and
absolute repeal of all those laws unless there was
accompanying it a substitute measure that would
perform the same oflico substantially ? Most cer-
tainly not. What consideration would restrain
all the members of this Senate from giving such
a vote as that in relation to fugitives from justice ?
It would be the provision of the Constitution
which directs the manner in which fugitives from
justice when they escape into another State shall
be surrendered, and which requires from Congress
legislation to enable that provision of the Consti-
tution to be executed, it is the solemn obliga-
tion of the members of the Senate to continue
these Jaws at least in relation to fugitives from
labor, or to substitute them by other laws that will
in good faith and substantially execute that pro-
vision of the Constitution. Can there beaplamer
proposition presented to the human mind and
conscience than that it is the sworn duty of the
Senate not to repeal these acts until at the same
time they arc prepared to and are offering to en-
act otheis in their stead?
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. SuMNF.it] has made a report to the Senate
on this subject. There was a counter-report
made by the minority of the committee, which
was drawn by the honorable and able Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] taking the
converse view of the subject. 1 think the argu-
ment of the minority of the committee against
the repeal of the laws without the substitution of
others is unansweiable, and I think the argu-
ment in favor of the lepeal by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts is one of the most
inconclusive pieces of logic that it has been my
fortune ever to read.
One of the first and principal propositions of the
majority is this: that the provision of the Con-
stitution in relation to persons held to service or
labor does not embrace slaves. Why, sir, by
its terms and their import and meaning it oleaily
embraces slaves, because slaves are persons who
are held to labor. Labor was due from tho slaves
10 their masters. Why? ' Hecause the law re-
quired that that labor should be rendered; and
there could be no shorter or cleater argument in
support of the position that the members of the
Convention understood that labor was due from
the slave to the master than that the clause was
introduced for the express purpose of enabling
the owners of «l<ives who might escape from one
State to another to milium them. It was the de-
clared object of this provision in the Convention
to enable them to reclaim their fugitive slaves;
odeed, that was the only put pose of that provis-
ion and of the men who embodied it in the Con-
stitution. The idea that the framers of our
Government would introduce that clause to com-
prehend apprentices only, and not to include
slaves, is utieily absurd and against the fact. The
phrase " persons held to service or laboi,M by the
constitutions atvd the laws of the States, would
embrace both apprentices and African slaves; but
the latter are, and were intended to be, its prin-
cipal subject.
But, sir, it is an end to this question simply to
state that the men who framed the Constitution,
every cotemporary individual that hadany knowl-
edge of the process of its formation, and of the
purposes for which that provision was intro-
duced, and the members of the Second Congress
who afterwards proceeded to enforce it by the
passage of the law of 1793, understood, knew, in-
tended, an'd admitted this provision of the Consti-
tution to embrace slaves. But for this object it
would neither have been inserted into the Con-
stitution nor thought of by the wise and practi-
cal men who made it.
It is objected by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and by other Senators that this law was
unconstitutional, because it did not allow to the
fugitive slave trial by jury and the benefit of the
writ of habeas corpus. The law in relation to.
fugitives from justice is' open to both.of those
objections. The mode by which fugitive® from
justice and fugitives from labor were to be re*
claimed by .the act of 1793 is almost parallel, and
the trial by jury or the writ of habeas corpus was
not given by the law to either of those classes of
persons.
I will read the first two sections of the act of
1793, which relate to fugitives from justice: -
ii Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That whenever the executive authority of any State in the
Union, or of either of the Territories northwest or south of
the river Ohio, shall demand any person &sa fugitive from
justice of the executive authority of any such State or Ter-
litory to winch such person shall have fled, and sliialj more-
over produce the copy of an indictment found or an affi-
davit made before a magistrate of any State or Territory as
aforesaid, charging the person so demanded with having
committed treason, felony, or other crime, certified as au-
thentic by the CJovcrnor or chief magistrate of the Stat$ of
Territory from whence the person so charged fled, a shall
he the duty of the executive authority of the State or Ter-
ritory to which such person shall have fled to cause him
or hf r to be arrested and secured, and notice of the arrest
to he given to the executive authority making such demand*
or to the agent of such authority appointed to receive the
fugitive, and to cause the fugitive to be delivered to suejb
agent when he shall appear. But if no such agent shall
appear within six months from the time of the arrest, the
prisoner may be dhchaiged. Ami all cost? or expenses in-
curred in the apprehending, securing, and transmitting
such fugitive to the State or Territory making such demand
shall be paid by such State or Territory.
<'Skc. 2. •And be it further enacted. That any agent, ap-
pointed as aforesaid, who shall receive the fugitive into
ins custody, shall be empowered to transport him or her to
the State or Teiritory from which he or she shall have fled.
And if any person or persons shall by foiee set at libetty or
rescue the fugitive from such agent while transporting as
aforesaid, the person or persons so ofFemUngshali, on con-,
viction, be fined not exceeding $500, and be imprisoned
not exceeding one year."
Those are the provisions of the act of 1793 in
relation to fugitives from justice. Here are two
other sections providing for fugitives from labor,
which I will proceed to read:
" Sec. 3. JlnA be it also enacted, That when a person held
to labor in any of the United States, or in either of the Ter-
ritories on the northwest or south of the river Ohio, under
the laws thereof, shall escape into any other of the said
States or Territory, the peison to whom such labor or ser-
vice may he due, Ins agent or attorney, is hereby empow-
ered to seize or airest such fugitive from labor, and if take
him or her before any judge of the circuit or district courts
of the United States residing or being within the State, or
before any magistrate of a county, city, or town corporate
wherein such seizure or airest shall be made, and upon
proof to the satisfaction of such judge or magistrate, either
by oral testimony or affidavit taken before and certified by
a magistrate of any such State or Territory that the person
so seized or arrested doth, under the laws of the State or
Territory from which lie or she fled, owe service or labor
to the person claiming him or her, it shall be the duty of
such judsje or magistrate to give acertifieatethereoftosuch
claimant, his agent or attorney, which shall be sufficient
warrant loi removing the said fugitive from labor to the
State O] Teiritory fiom which he or she fled.
<4Sec.4. Jhulbeit further enactcd, That any person who
shall knowingly and willingly obstruct or hinder such claim-
ant, his agent or attorney, in s>o seizing or arresting sueii
fugitive from labor, ofshall rescue such fugitive from such
claimant, his agent or attorney, when so arrested pursuant
to the authority herein given or declared? orshall haiboror
conceal such person after notice that he or she was a fugi-
tive from labor, as aforesaid, shall, for either of the said
offenses, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 ; which penalty
may br recovered by and for the benefit of such claimant,
by action of debt, in any court proper to try the same;
saving moreover to the person claiming such labor or ser-
vice hi* right of action for or on account of .the said inju-
iies or either of them."
Ml President, this provision in relation to fugi-
tives irom labor had its origin in the deed of ces-
sion by which the State of "Virginia ceded the
whole of the 1SToi thwestern Territory to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The ordinance of
1787 contains substantially this provision of the
Constitution in relation to fugitives from lubor,
andit wasa stipulation in that ordinance in favor
of the State of Virginia for which she paid a full,
an ample and imperial consideration; and what
<*as it? The whole of the Northwestern Terri-
tory, that now constitutes five greatStates, which
promise to be among the most powerfuland pop-
ulous of the whole Union, at that time was terri-
tory of the State of Virginia. Every foot of that
Territory was subject to be settled by .slaveholders
carrying their slaves with them, and to be made
slave territory; but Virginia, the mother of
States, in the exercise of an enlarged phiian-
thropyand patriotism and political wisdom, made
