2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
inline fifteen to strike out the words "April and Oe-
tdtier of each year" and insert the words "eyery
month;"in line twenty-seven to strike owl. the
words "thesaid months of April and October"
and insert the words "each month;" in line
twenty-eight to strike out the words " one quar-
ter" and insert "one twenty-fourth;" in line
twenty-nine to strike out" one quarter" and in-
sert " one twenty-fourth;" in line forty-seven to
strike out " one half" and insert " one twelfth;"
in line forty-eight to strike out the words " half
year"and insert the word " month;" in line fifty-
one to strike out the words " half year" and in-
sert the word " month;" in line fifty-three to
strike out the words "April and October of each
year" and restore the words " each and every
month" as they were in the bill as it came to us
from the House of Representatives; in line sixty-
nine to strike out the words " of April and Octo-
oer of each year" and insert the words " in each
and every month."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator, if
tlie simple object is to geta return of the circula-
tion, why his object would not be accomplished
by simply altering the part of the section which
he is now proposing to amend ? It reads:
On'tlie average amount of such notes, bills, or other ob-
ligations in circulation during the preceding month, or
which have been issued, slfal! remain in circulation; and
shall on the first Monday of—
Then leaving in those words " each and every
month," as they were originally; so that it will
read in this way—
And shall, on the first Monday of each and every month,
make and deliver to tile assessor of the distiict in which
such bank, association, or corporation may be located, or
in which such person may reside, a true and accurate re-
turn of the amount of notes, bills, or other obligations so
issued, whether in circulation or in its vaults or elsewhere
on deposit.
Mr. SHERMAN. In answerto that, my idea
is that when the return is transmitted to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everything is paid to the
collector, and the original provision in this sec-
tion, which we altered to every half year, pro-
vided for a return to be made every month.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection so that
the return is made; but I think we had better let
it stand with monthly payments, because it will
be no hardship to the banks except the making
of the monthly returns.
Mr. COLLAMER. They lo.se the interest on
the amount of the tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. The interest on a tax of
ono per cent, on their circulation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the whole object
can be accomplished in that way by leaving in
the clause commencing on line fifty-two:
And s-hall, 011 the lirst Monday of each and every month,
make and deliver to the assessor of the district in which
such bank, association, or corporation may be located, or
in which such person may reside, a true and accurate re-
turn of the amount of notes, bills, or other obligations so
issued, whether in circulation or in Its vaults or elsewhere
iu possession or on deposit.
And then adding the clause which is found in
the sixty-eighth line:
And shall, within ton days from the first of each and
every month, pay to such collector the said duty ol one
percent, on the aveiagc amount, Soc,
Mr. SHERMAN. That only provides for a
return of circulation, arid not for a return of de-
posits and capital invested in United States bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is so.
Mr, SHERMAN. I will continue with these
amendments. In line seventy I move to strike
out the word "half'and insert the word "twelfth;"
in line eighty-five, to .strike out the words " one
and one half" and insert " one fourth of one;"
and in lines eighty-five and eighty-six, to strike
out the words " half year" and insert the word
" month." I believe that will make the section
all right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
whether it would not be as well to leave the pro-
viso as it is. It is a sort of penalty. However,
I will not interfere with the Senator's amend-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to read
the section as amended,and the Senator will find
that it will levy a tax of one half of one per cent,
on deposits, one per cent, on capital in excess of
that invested in United States bonds, one half of
one per cent, on capital invested in United States
bonds, one per cent, on circulation up to ninety
per cent, of its capital, and three per cent, on cir-
culation above ninety per cent. That is the
effect of it.
The Secretary read the sectio"n, as proposed to
be amended, as follows:
a banks and banking.
Sec. 109. Jind.be it further enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid a duly of one twenty-fourth of
one per cent, each month upon the average amount of the
deposits of money, subject to paymen^by check or draft,
with any person, bank, association, or corporation engaged
in the business of banking, other than associations organ-
ized and established under and by virtue of the several
acts to provide a national currency, secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof, except savings banks, &c., and a duty
ofone twenty-fourth of one percent, each month, as afore-
said, upon the average amount of capital stock invested in
sucli business beyond the amount invested in United States
bonds ; and on the first Monday of every month, a ti ue and
accurate return of the amount of deposits and of capital as
aforesaid shall be made and rendered to the assessor of the
district in which such bank, association, or corpoiation
may be located, or in which such person mayreside, by all
such persons, banks, associations, or corporations, with a
declaration annexed thereto, and the oath or affirmation of
such person, or of the president or cashier of such bank,
association, or corporation, in such form and manner as
may be pi escribed by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, that the same contains a true and faithful statement of
the amount of capital and deposits as aforesaid; and shall
also deliver a copy of said return to the collector of the dis-
tiict, and shall within eacii month pay to said collector the
duty ofone twenty-fourth ofone po.r cent, on the amount ofde-
posits, andofone twemy-fourth ofone percent, on the capital
so returned. And for any neglect to make or render such re-
turn and payment asaforcaaid, every such person, brink, asso-
ciation, or corporation shall be subjectto andpaya penalty
of $1,000, be&ides the additions, penalties,-and forfeitures
in other cases provided; and the amount of deposits and
capital shall, in default of the proper return, be estimated
by the assessor upon the best information he can obtain,
and every such penalty, together with the duties as afore-
said, may be recovered for the use of the United States in
any court of competent jurisdiction ; and every person and
every bank, association, orcorporation, other than associa-
tions oiganized and established under and by virtue of the
several acts to piovide a national curicncy, seemed by a
pledge of United States stocks, and to provide for the cucu-
lation and redemption theieof,issuing notes, bills, or other
obligations, calculated or intended to circulate as money,
shall pay a duty ofone twelfth of one pei cent, each month
on the average amount of such notes, hi IN, or other obliga-
tions in circulation dining the piecedlng month, or which,
having been issued, shall remain in circulation ; and shall,
on the liist Monday ot each and eveiy month, make and
deliver to the a^cshor of the district in which such bank,
association, oi corporation inaj he located, or in which
such person may reside, a tiue and aecuiatr return ot the
amount of notes, bill>, or other obligations so issued,
whether In circulation or in its vault or elsewhere m pos-
session oi on deposit, and shall annex to every such loturu
a declaration, with the oath or affirmation of such poison,
or of the president or cashier of such bank, association, or
corpoiation, in such foim and manner as m<iy be ducctcd
by the Commissioner of internal Revenue, that the same
contains a ti ue and f.nthtul statement of the amount of
circulation as aforesaid; and shall deliver a copy of said
return to the collector ot the district in which said person
resides, or m which the said bank, association, or corpo-
ration is located ; and shall within ten days fiom the tir&t
Monday in each and evciy month pay to .said collector the
said duty of one twelfth, half of one per cent, on the aver-
age amount of its circulation as aforesaid not including that
in vault or on deposit lor said bank. And lor any neglect
to render or make such icturn and payment as aforesaid,
every such person, bank, association, or coipoiation, shall
pay a penalty ot 5 per cent, on the amount of notes, bills,
or other obligation* i&Micd as aforesaid, which amount
shall, in default of the proper return, be estimated by the
assessor, upon the best information he can obtain; and
every such penalty may be recovered for the use of the
United States in anycourtof competent jurisdiction : Pro-
vided, That this tax shall not apply to any bank m the pro-
cess of liquidation: Provided, alio, That all hanks, asso-
ciations, corporations, or individuals, issuing notes or bills
for circulation as currency, shall be liable to, and pay, the
further duty of one fourth of one per cent, in each month,
upon the average amount ot such currency issued beyond
the amount of 90 per cent, of its capital, in the ca^e of
banks with blanches, the duty herein provided for shall be
imposed upon the circulation of each branch, severally,
and the amount of capital of each branch shall be considered
to be the amount allotted to, nr used by, such branch. And
the additional duty herein provided for shall be (collected
and paid at the time and in the manner hereinbefore speci-
fied. And so much of an act entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Government," ap-
proved March 3,1^53, as imposes any tax on banks, their
circulation, capital, or deposits, is hereby repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those amendments being
made, I think the penalties that are named there
are too high. They are higher than those named
in the other bill. I will move to amend the pen-
alty in the thirty-third line for neglect to render a
return, which is here put at §1,000, and which
neglect may occur accidentally, by making it the
same as that imposed upon the national banks for
a similar neglect, $200.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the amend-
ments offered by the Senator from Ohio to have
been made ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have not
been made. The question has not been put.
Mr. DAVIS. So I supposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The firstamend-
ment has been adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the Senate would like
to be informed how those amendments will afreet
and modify the tax on the banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought I stated that to
the Senate as clearly as I could.
Mr. DAVIS- I will make this apology to the
Senator, that the colloquy held between him and
the Senator from Maine could not be heard by me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will try and make my-
self heard by the Senate. The bill as it was
agreed upon in committee fixes a tax of one half
of one per cent, on capital in excess of that in-
vested in United States bonds, one half of one per
cent, on all deposits, 1 per cent, on circulation up
to 90 per cent, of its capital, and 3 per cent, on all
circulation above 90 per cent, of its capital. The
amendment that I propose leaves the tax the same
in the aggregate, but makes it monthly instead of
sc|ni-ammal, so as to secure monthly returns of
the circulation, capital, and deposits. That is
the only effect of the amendment. It is no more
burdensome to the banks except so far as making
monthly instead of semi-annual returns is con-
cerned.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to make one re-
mark before the vote is taken. I hope the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio will not
be adopted, and my reason for it is simply this:
1 understood that the Senate intended to put the
national banks and the State banks on a perfect
equality; and every vote in the Senate has indi-
cated that that was the intention of the Senate.
I desire the Senate to adhere to those votes. The
very same percentage is levied upon circulation
up to ninety per cent, of their capital upon the
Stale banks and the national banks, the same
upon deposits, and the same upon the capital;
but the national banks are only required to pay
every six months; that is, if they do not pay at
the end of the month, all that the Secretary of
the Treasury has to do is to retain the interest of
the bonds that are on deposit in the Treasury,
and the interest, instead of being paid over to the
bank, is retained by the Secretary. The pay-
ments, therefore, in reality are only made semi-
annually by the national banks. They are not
compelled to pay> and are under no penalty to
pay at the end of each month. If they do not
pay, the Secretary of the Treasury merely re-
tains the interest^on their bonds. That is my
understanding of the bill, and if I state it incor-
rectly I will be corrected by Senators who arc
more familiar with it.
This amendment requires the local banks under
a very heavy penalty to make the actual payment
at the end of each month. That is a discrimina-
tion against the local banks. I have no objection
to the monthly payments except that it is an ab-
solute discrimination against these banks. If the
Senator insists that they shall make monthly re-
ports 1 have no objection to it, but let them make
semi-annual payments. Why compel these banks,
under this penalty, to make out a statement twelve
times a year,under oath, and to make these pay-
ments? Of course it is a great inconvenience to
make out these statements and furnish them to
the assessors and collectors, and to make these
payments. I think in that respect they ought to
be left upon an equality with the other banks. It
is very well known that I am opposed to that
whole banking system, and it is not atall strange
that I should desire to see no preference given to
that system over this. That is all I desire to say
now, and I sincerely hope that the chairman -of
the Committee on Finance may not consent to
this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not consent to it at
all. I have no power to consent to it. It is for
the Senate to settle entirely.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 am very well aware
that if the Senator does consent the Senate will
adopt it. We know very well that other Senators
are like myself. I am controlled ordinarily by
his views, and by his opinions on this subject;
and though I have desired to offer some amend-
ments to this bill I have refrained from doing so
simply because they were against his wishes in
regard to the matter. I sincerely hope, however,
that the banks may be left just as they are now
fixed by this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the .strangest thing in
