1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2735
the world to me that the Senator from Missouri
should continually seek to make a discrimination
in favor of these local banks that doe3 not apply
to any other person under this bill. We require
the manufacturers to make out monthly returns;
we require the brewers to make out monthly
returns; we require the distillers to make out
monthly returns. Everybody, almost, engaged
in any business, except the business of making
paper money, is required to make out those re-
turns; and why should this discrimination be
made in favor of these banksr Why should they
not make out their statement and be required to
make monthly payments of taxes like any other
persons? The reason given in regard to the na-
tional banks is obvious. They receive and draw
their money only semi-annually from the Treas-
ury of the United States, and this tax will be re-
tained from them semi-annually. I say, when
the return is made it is convenient to send in the
tax. The idea of making a discrimination in
favor of these banks, of revising and redrawing
this section merely for the purpose of preserving
a uniformity that need not be preserved is absurd.
If these State banks would only subject them-
selves to the restrictions and limitations and qual-
ifications of the national banks that is all we want;
but the trouble is they are too strong here to en-
able us by law to compel them to be subject to
the provisions and limitations and restrictions we
put upon the national banks. 1 hope, therefore,
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator admits by his argument that he is making a
discrimination against the local banks. He says it
will not do to change this bill. Why, sir, accord-
ing to the bill as it now stands, they are upon a
perfect equality with the national banks. The
national banks deposit the Government bonds
here, and they are not entitled, to the interest—that
is the contract they made with the Government—
they are not entitled to the interest until the end of
six months. Why compel the State banks to pre-
pay to the Government while the national banks
can hold their funds there, and pay with the Gov-
ernment securities at the end of six months? Is
it not a perfect equality to make all banks pay at
the end of six months* That is all I ask.
The Senator seems to insist that I am defend-
ing the State banks at the expense of the notional
banks. Sir, that is very unjust to me. I am at-
tempting to put them on a perfect equality, and
it is the Senator that is insisting upon a discrim-
ination, not myself. He admits that the national
banks only pay at the end of every six months;
but he wishes to compel the State banks by this
amendment to pay in advance at the end of every
month. I say that that is unjust. All I desire
is that they remain just as they are in the bill.
I do not propose to make any alterations at all.
The Senator ought to reflect that there is a pro-
vision in this bill—I have no idea that we have
any power to do any such thing, but it is there—
levying a tax of three per cent, on the circulation
of the batiks over ninety per cent, of their capital
stock. I do not believe we have any power to
pass any such provision, but it has been done.
The majority disagree with me in regard to it, and
I am disposed to make no complaint here about
it. The State banks are limited now to the'very
amount that may be issued upon the Government
bonds by the national banks, even though they
have com enough in their vaults to redeem every
dollar of their circulation. That is the case with
the banks in my State, 1 can assure the Senator,
although he said the other day that the banks of
my State were not in good repute. I have re-
ceived since that speech was delivered a report
from those banks which I will read:
Report of Banks of Missouri, January 1, I860.
Notes in circulation outstanding $-7,881,885 00
Capital ^toclt „.  9,082;9."tl 11
Coin on hand  4,160,9)2 03
Report Januafy 1, 1864.
Notes outstanding  $--2,101,852 00
Capital .-Jtock    10,970,990 29 ;
Com on hand  3,;2,'j3,085 67 |
It will be seen that instead of expanding their i
circulation in the four years between January 1, I
1860, to January 1, 1864, tile Missouri banks re- j
duced theircirculation from §7,844,885 to §2,101,- j
852. The amount of notes retired in this short |
time is $5,773,033. Hence the charge of dete- j
riorating the currency does not lie against them. I
Again, it w111 be seen that their circulation out-
standing at that time was $2,101,852, and that
their coin on hand was $3,233,685 67, showing a
surplus of largely over one million dollars more
than sufficient to redeem their whole circulation.
I therefore object to discriminating against
such banks in favor of the wild-cat syste'm pro-
posed in what is known as the national bank sys-
tem.
I would not object to the amendment, how-
ever, if the payments were only made at the end
of six months; but the Senator requires the pay-
ments K> be made at the end of each and every
month, and the amendment will compel the pay-
ment to be in advance at that time. Inasmuch as
the Government will get the whole amount of
revenue just as well at the end of each six months,
I hope the bill may remain just as it now stands.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I under-
stand exactly the manner in which the amend-
ment is worded. Is it possible to divide it so as
to take the question oil the obligation to make
monthly returns, and then on the obligation to
pay their tax at the end of each month? I am
m favor of theprovision which would compel them
to make monthly returns; hut from my present
understanding 1 am inclined to vote against the
proposition to pay monthly, making a discrim-
ination against the State banks in that particular
and in favor of the national banks, as stated by
the Senator from Missouri, who pay only half
yearly. I ask that the amendment be read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the lat-
ter words requiring them to pay each month.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must go to
work to reframe the whole section.
Mr. JOHNSON. I can very readily imagine
that the country will be benefited by their having
at the end of every month information of the
state of the State banks. But then to make the
State banks pay at the end of each month, while
you require the national banks to pay only at the
end of six months, is, I think, in the first place,
unnecessary. It will produce no good effect. It
will impose some loss on the State banks, and
do no good to the country; but is particularly ob-
jectionable because it will make a distinction- in
this particular between the one set of banks and
the other set of banks. I do not know whether
it is possible to avoid the objection that I have
to it by a single amendment, or whether it may
be necessary to redraft the whole section.
ThePRESJDINGOFFlCER,(Mr. Anthony.)
Does the Senator from Maryland move an amend-
ment?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; I do not. I can-
not .understand the frame of the amendment suf-
ficiently.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeasand nays;,
and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It must be taken as one
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thefirstamend-
ment has been adopted; there was no division
called for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be reconsidered.
Mr. GRIM ES. I should like to know whether
this amendment is not capable of such a division
as to allow us to vote on the question of returns sep-
arate from the question of the payments monthly.
I want to compel the banks to make monthly re-
turns.
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can be
done by taking the vote on each separate amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot, because they
are so mixed up together that it would require a
redraft of the whole section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We had better recon-
sider the vote adopting the amendment requiring
monthly payments, if that has been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That has been
adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to reconsider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It had better be recon-
sidered now, and then take the vote on the whole
amendment as one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
leconsider the amendment just adopted.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio. It will be taken as one vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume that isan amendment-
which is susceptible of division, and that separate
votes may be taken on its different branches.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is divisible
on the request of any Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for a division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that they are "bo interwoven that they cannot be
divided without redrafting the section. It is sub-
stantially one proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. All that I ask a separate vote upon
is on that branch of the amendment which requires
monthly payments by the State banks. 1 sup-
pose we can vote on that proposition understand-
ing!^ distinct from all others that are embodied
in this multiform amendment. I should like the
Chair to decide what its understanding of the par-
liamentary law is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is suscep-
tible of division.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is well, perhaps, that
the Senate should understand exactly how this
matter presented itself before. The bill as it came
from the House of Representatives required half-
yearly payments of the tax upon deposits, and
half-yearly payments of the tax on the capital,
but required monthly payments of the tax on cir-
culation.
Mr. JOHNSON. The whole circulation ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; they provided for
half-yearly payments of the tax on deposits and
capital, and monthly payments of the tax on
circulation, and required monthly returns. We
changed the whole section so as to make half-
yearly payments on all, thinking it was best to
have them all alike. It seems the other House
had the same view in regard to the circulation
which the Senator from Ohio has. A careful
scrutiny of this provision will show that in order
to divide the two and put them back again as they
stood before, the Senator from Ohio will have to
go over it again in the same manner. I do not
know that anything more is required really than
the payments and returns upon the circulation.
The Senator from Ohio understands better than
I do what the wish isupon thatsubject. By going
over it again and carefully scrutinizing it, the
amendment may be made so as to conform to the
original section. For my part I feel disposed and
bound by my vote to carry out the instructions
which the committee gave me on the subject, to
vote for the amendment moved by the committee;
but really, sir, I do not see any very great diffi-
culty or objection to making the whole monthly.
It does not strike me as attended with any injury
one way or the other.
Mr. COLLAMER. The point made is not as
to conforming to what the House of Representa-
tives made this bill, but as to conforming to what
the national bank bill is. If you take this as the
House of Representatives passed it it is the end
of all State banks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'The Senator from Mis-
souri referred to a remark I made, that all the
object of the committee was to conform the two
systems together in that particular. In that,how-
ever, I wish to be limited entirely by the amount
of the tax. There was no other question consid-
ered by the committee, exceptsimply theamount
of tax paid, not the time of paying it. That they
did not consider of any consequence, though we
made these alterations to make it half yearly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was speaking of the
tax. It would make the State banks pay more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Paying monthly would
make a difference perhaps; I do not know how
much, but very little.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a good deal of con-
versation in the Chamber among Senators that I
do not have the benefit of and do not hear. Of
coursc I cannot be expected to talk or to vote
with a view to light that does not reach me. I
understand the two matters of difference between
the Senator from Missouri and the Senator from
Ohio to be very simple. Th'e text of the bill, as I
understand, requires semi-annual returns both
from the State and the national banks, and semi-
annual payments of duty. But the compound
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio re-
quires the State banks to make monthly returns.
1 understand that there is no member of the body
