1760
TH® CONGRESSKMSAL GLOB®.
April 20.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ingresumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration, as a special order, the internal revenue
bill, and had, come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate,in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the twenty-fourth section of the bill terminate
in thirty seconds after the committee shall have
resumed its consideration *
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burns, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration, as a special order,of the internal
revenue bill, all debate on the twenty-fourth sec-
tion being closed, by order of the House, in thirty
seconds.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, my amendment
is now in order, and 1 desire to say a single word
upon it.
[Here the hammer fell. Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN! The half minute to which
the debate was limited has expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose to amend by in-
serting at the end of the first proviso as follows:
Provided, That if any collector shall demand of or re-
ceive, directly or indirectly, fiom any deputy collector or
clerk employed by him. as a condition of his appointment
or continuance m his slid office or employment, any poi-
tion of the compensation agreed to be paid theretofore, or
any other consideration, said collector so offending shall be
sumtnai iiy dismissed from office, and shall be liable to a tine
ot not less than fifty dollars upon conviction of such ol-
fense in any dish let or circuit eouitof the United States
of the district in which such offense may bo committed.
Mr. STEYENS. I suggest that there is no
salary attached to any of these offices, and that
the gentleman's amendment will therefore have
no application to them.
* Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word on
that subject.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the same section
by adding as follows:
Provided further, That nothing contained in this section
shall he construed to allow any colleclor more than $4,000
per annum exclusive of stationery, blank-books, and post-
age.
The question was taken; «nd on a division there
were—ayes 55, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw the amendment, and
renew it in (he same form, addingut the end "and
pay of deputies and clerks."
The amendment was adopted-—ayes 60, noes 40
Mr. MORRILL. On page 28, im e eleven, I
move to inseit after the wok'I " winch" the vvoids
" aggregate statements and receipts;" so as to
make the clause read as follows:
And the other two shall b<  eiveu on aggtegaic state-
ments of the list* or return* afoie-aitl, exhibmn? the
amount ot taxe* to be collected in hi< collection diHiict,
one ot which aggregate statements and receipts shall be
tiansm.Ued to the Co   offntemal Revenue, and
the oilier to t.se First Comptroller oi the Tieasuiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. H0UTWELL. I move to strike out, in
the seventh and eighth lines of the same section,
the words" forany proper purpose." The clause
would then read:
I hat each collector, on receiving, from time to time,
lists ami returns tioiu the said assessors, re-meetivelv shall
Mihxcube three receipts; one ot which shall be  mm on a
full and eoneer ropy of* ueh list or return, and he deliv-
ered by him to, and shall rem.un with, the .i^eSs«>r of his
collection district, and -hall be open to the inspection of
any peuou who may apply to inspect the Name.
I will remark that these words go to change
the existing law. As the law now stands these
lists aie open to inspection. These woids putjt
in the discretion of the assessor to allow thia ex-
amination or to decline to allow it. I think
therefore, this amendment is a proper one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
twenty-seven, in the twenty-second line, by in-
serting after the word "summons" the words
" and with four cents for each mile actually and
necessarily traveled in serving the same."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert in the twenty-
fourth line, after the word "cents," the words
" and mileage."
The amendment was adopted.
The clause, as modified by the last two amend-
ments adopted, reads as follows:
And if any person shall neglect to pay as aforesaid for
more than ten days, it shall be the duty of the collector or
his deputy to issue to such person a summons to bo left at
his dwelling or usual place of business, or be sent by mail,
demanding the payment of said duties or taxes, stating the
amount thereof, with a fee ot twenty cents* for the issuing
and service of such summons and with four cents for each
mile actually and necessauly traveled in serviria the same.
And if such person shall uot pay the duties of taxes and
the fee of twenty cents and mileage as afoiesaid, within
ten da>8 alter the service or the ^endinff by mail of such
summons, it shall be the duty of the collector or his deputy
to collect the said duties or taxes and fee of twenty cents,
with ten per cent, penalty as aforesaid ; but no such sum-
mons shall be necessary in respect to annual taxes assessed
upon any property or articles included in schedule A of this
act.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 31, line eighty-two
of the same section, I move to add after the word
" provided" the word " further."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr, HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
in the second line of section twenty-seven by
striking out the word " ten "and inserting " twen-
ty;" so as to make the clausc read as follows:
That each of said collectors shall, within twenty days
after receiving his annual collection list from ihe assessors,
respectively, as aforesaid, give notice, by advertisement
published m each county in his collection district, in one
new.spapei printed ill such county, if any such there be,
and by notifications to be poaied up in at least torn public
pfaces m each county m his colled ion district, that the said
dunes have become due and payable, ami slate the time
and place within said count) at winch he or his deputy will
attend to receive the '-ante, which tune shall not be lcs? 
than ten days alter such notification.
i will state, that under the provisions of this
section as it now stands it will be utterly im-
possible for the larger districts of the western
States to comply with the law. As I have al-
ready stated in a remark made upon another
amendment, my district comprises thirty-seven
counties, and it is not less than two hundied miles
from one extiemity of the district to the other,
and with some fifteen or twenty deputies distrib-
uted over that disuict it will be utterly impossi-
ble for the collector to comply with that provision
of this section which requnes notice to be given
within ten days; for this reason I have moved to
extend the time to twenty days. I do not see
that the amendment will affect the other provis-
ions of the bill, and it is necessary to enable the
collector of these huge districts to carry out the
la w.
Mr. MORRILL. I will merely say, in oppo-
sition to (he amendment, that while this extension
of time might be convenient in the gentleman's
district, and perhaps in one or two otheis, it
would in my judgment have an injurious effect
in us application to the country generally. 1
iherefoie hope it will not be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I have another amendment
to the .section, in the twenty-seventh hue, to make
it confoim to the amendments which we have al-
ready adopted. I move to inseit after the word
" cents" the woids " and mileage."
MKSSAG13 IfKOM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose ;and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
fi orn Hie Senate, by Mr. Forney, their Secretary,
requesting the return of their message informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the bill (S. No. 12G) to
amend an act to incorporate the inhabitants of
the city of Washington, passed May 15, 18-0.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R.
No. 192) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th of June, 1865,
with amendments; m which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No.
233) making an additional grant of lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of rail-
road and telegraph lines.
The committee resumed its session, and pro-
ceeded again to the consideration of the
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 28. Jlnd le it further rnacted, That in all cases
where the property liable to distraint for duties or taxes
undei this act may not be divisible, -o as to enable the col-
lector by a sale of part thereof to raise the whole amount
of the tax, with all costs, ehaiges. and commissions, the
whole of&uch property shall be sold, and the surplus of the
proceeds ofthe sale, aftei satisfying the duty or tax, costs,
and cbaiges, shall be paid to the owner ot the propeity, or
ins, her, or their legal representatives; or if he, she, or
tbey cannot be found, or icfuse to receive the same, then
such surplus sb.vH be deposited in the Treasuiy ofthe
United State*, to be theie held forthe us>e ot the owner, or
his, her, or their legal representatives, until lie, she, or they
shall make application therefor to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who, upon such application, shall, by warrant
on the Tieasury, cau^e the same to be paid to the applicant.
And if the propcity advertised for sale as afotesaid cannot
be sold for the amount of the duty or tax due thereon, with
the costs and chaiges, the collector shall purchase the same
in behalf of the United States tot an amount not exceeding
the said tax or duly, with the cost*; and charge* thereon.
And all property so purchased mny be sold by said collector
under such legulations as may be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of internal Revenue. And the collector shall
render a distinct account of all charges incurred in the sale
of mieh property, and shall pay into the Treat-uiy the bur-
plus, if any there be. after defraying the charges.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word " property," where it last occurs, the words
" to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who
shall by regulation determine the fees and cosis
to be charged in cases of distraint and other seiz-
ures."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert after the words
"property and" the words " said collectors,"
Thi amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Vermont to this point: the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means ought to be permitted to
offer an amendment hereafter fixing the time the
notice .shall be served.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that that permission
will be granted.
CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and it will be so understood, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall have the privi-
lege to go back and submit the amendment.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
Sec. 29. And he it fuitkcr enuctcd, That in any case
wheie goods, chattels, oi eficet^siiliicient to sati«h thedu-
ties imposed by this act upon any pei«on liable to pay the
same shall not be found by the collectoi or deputy collector
vvho-e duly it may be to eol!<\ t the same, he is hereby au-
thorized to collect the same by seizure and sale ot real es-
tate; and the oificer making such seizme and sale shall
give notice to the person whose estate is proposed to be
-old, by Riving him in hand, or leaving at his last and iNiial
place of abode, if he has any such within the collection
district where -aid estate is situated, a notice, in writing,
st.uutgwh.it paiticul.u estate is piopon<*d to be sohl,de-
scubing the same with reasonable ceitauity, and the time
when ami place where said officer piopose.- to sell the
same; which nine shall not be less than ten nor more than
twenty days trom the time of giving said notice. And the
said officer shall also cause a notification to the banie ef-
fect to be published iu some newspaper vwthin the county
where such st izuic is made, if any such there he, and 'dial
aho cause a like notice to be posied up at the po-r office
neaiest to the place ot j evidence of ihe peison whose estate
shall be so seized, and m uvo other public places within *
the county ; See
Mr. KERNAN. / move to strike out "ten"
and insert " twenty" and to strike out " twenty"
and inseit "forty." It seems to me that the
time provided in the hill is too short.
Mr. MORRILL. Theie has been no difficulty
in its operations now.
Mr. KKRNAN. Has there been any sale un-
der the law r
Mr. MORRILL. I think there has been.
Mr. KERNAN. I have heard none. I do
not know wheie real estate has been sold on ten
days' noticc. This, sir, is an unheard-of thing.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 20; no quoium voltng.
The roll was called; and the following mem*
bcrs failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Alien, Aneona. Andeison, Arnold,
Fiancis P. Blair, Jacob H. JJiair, Ilh.-s, Blow, Hojd,
i'landegee. James S. J3iown, VYill amG. Riuwn, Ambiose
W. Ciailc. Claj, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis., Dem-
ing, Dixon, Donneiiv, Edseiton, Eliot, English, Farns-
woitii, Grider, Hale, Harding, IhuringtoiijChai'levM. Har-
ris, Hernek, lloopei, liulbuid. Iiutchin*, Jenckes, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, K.dufleuch. Kasson, King, La-
zeal, Le Blond, Littlejohn, Mallory, Matviti, McAllis-
ter, Morton, Leonard Myeis, John O'Neill, Peny, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, .fames S. Rolling Ross,
Schenck, Scoficld, Scott, Simthers, Spalding, Stari, Steb-
bins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Sweat,
Thomas, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward? Webster, Whaley,
and Benjamin Wood.
