1864.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Occupancy of Confiscated Estates—Mr. Cowan.
Senatb.
to liberty, to benevolence and philanthropy was
that? It shows how ever alive and attentive these
thrifty and trading people are to interest, to pe-
cuniary gain; and it warrants me in asserting
that if events should hereafter take such acourse
that the slave trade from Africashouldeveragain
be opened to any country on God's earth, the ad-
venturous, money-loving people of Massachu-
setts will be the first to enter into that trade, and
will share most largely and profitably of it. But
to continue this reading:
"The Massachusetts act of March 26, 1783, entitled 'An
act for suppressing and punishing of rogues, vagabonds,
common beggars, and other idle, disoiderly, and lewd per-
sons,' contains ttie following very remarkable piovision
I ask the attention of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to this provision:
" V. Be it fin ther enacted by the authority aforesuiil, (the
Senate and House of Repiesenratives in General Court as-
sembled,) That no person being an African or ne^ro, other
than a subject of the Emperor of Morocco, or a citizen of
some one of the United States (to bo evidenced by u cer-
tificate from the Secietaiy of the State ot which lie shall
be a citizen) shall tariy within this Commonwealth for a
longer time than two months, and upon complaint made to
any justice of the peace within this Commonwealth that
any such person lias been within the same more than two
months, the said justice >-hall oidei the said peison to de-
part out of this Commonwealth, and in ease the said Atu-
can or negro shall not depart as aforesaid, any justice of the
peace within this Commonwealth, upon complaint and
proof made that such peison has continued within this
Commonwealth ten days after notice given hnn or her to
depait as aforesaid, shall commit the said person to any
house of correction within the county, there to be kept to
hard labor agreeable to the rules and oiders of the said
house, until the .sessions of the peace next to be holden
within and lor the said county ; and the master of the said
house of coriectiun is hereby lequiied and dnected to
transmit an attested copy of the wariant of commitment
to the said court, on the first day of their said session, and
it upon trial at the said court it shall be made to appeal
that the said person has thus continued within the Com-
monwealth contrary to the tenor of till-, act, he or sh- shall
be whipped not exceeding ten stripes, ami oidered to de-
part out of this Cnmmon wealth within ten days; and if he
or she shall not so depart, the same process shall be had
and punishment indicted, and so totics quotics
Sir, there is the legislation of Massachusetts in
1788, this philanthropic community, this people
whose sensibilities are shocked to hear the term
" master" used by one man in relation to another,
this people who are for universal freedom and
equality of the races, social, civil, political, and
amalgamation, as their most eloquent advocate,
Wendell Phillips, strikes boldly for. He is the
most honest abolitionist that I know of, but even
he falls short in the most material point: he does
not practice amalgamation by having taken a full-
blooded negro wife. When he and the Senator
from Massachusetts bind themselves by the silken
cords of love and hymen to Afric's sable daugh-
ters, and urge their progeny on ill the course of
miscegenation, they may then claim to occupy the
platform of negro equality. Short of that their
position is one of guilty simulation. For every
man of any sense, the most unlettered laborer or
clod-hopper in the land knows that there cannot
be any equality of races, civilly, politically, and
socially, without amalgamation; the thing is im-
possible. Where amalgamation does not obtain,
the community consisting of whites and blacks
will separate into two classes and castes, and those
castes will be as impassable as they are in Hin-
doo. They are herein some States made so by
legislation, in others with perfect freedom for
amalgamation, but no system of legislation to co-
erce and compel amalgamation would be strong
and effective enough to bring it about. Sir, there
is a higher law against amalgamation than man
and human legislation can enact, and that is
the eternal, irrepealable law of the great Author
of our common being. It is written upon the
heart of every man, and above all it is written
upon the heart of the noble Celtic race. They
have a stionger aveision, a sterner opposition
to amalgamation, I believe, than any other of the
Caucasian races; and it is on the noble Celts, on
that blood which revolts undyingly and in uncon-
querable courage against the degradation ot amal-
gamation, that 1 greatly rely to prevent that degrad-
ing and demoralizing propagandism in this land
of ours. That race will thwart and defy all the
[spasmodic rhetoric and attempts of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts and his much greater
coadjutor, Wendell Phillips, to inaugurate it.
This law embodying the philanthropy of Mas-
sachusetts of 1788 was not enacted, but it was
executed. 1 have here a list of the free negroes
that were expelled from Massachusetts under this
harsh law, a law that required them to depart
after they had been there two months, and if they
did not depart they were to be reported to the
court of sessions, and if they did not leave the
State at the end of ten days after receiving notice
to depart they were to be carried to the house of
correction, there stripped and scourged and put
to involuntary labor; and this cruel process was
to be repeated and continued upon this poor,down-
trodden race until it compelled perfect and uni-
versal obedience by them,and here are the names
of some of the negroes that were then expelled
by its execution. There are more than one hun-
dred and forty of them from some twenty towns,
but I will not read their names.
When was this law repealed? There is noth-
ing in legislation which comes nearer branding
color as a crime. They were free negroes in
Massachusetts. Their offense, in the language
ofthe modern philanthropists and freedom-shriek-
ers, was the crime of their color, and we see how
this crime was met and punished in that State of
pseudo-philanthropy. This law of 1788 ap-
pears again in the revised laws of 1823. The
body of the laws of Massachusetts was revised
in 1823, and this act punishing the crime of color
and forcing the exile of all that population from
that State by the gravest penalties was repub-
lished in their code of laws of that year.
In 1821 the Legislature of Massachusetts,
alarmed by the increase of a species of popula-
tion " which threatened to become both injurious
and burdensome," (I quote from the language of
the law;) and fully alive to the necessity of check-
ing it, appointed a committee to report a bill
concerning the admission into the State of free
negroes and mulattoes. The report of this com-
mittee, made to the House of Representatives in
1823,refers to thestatute of 1788, but did not pro-
pose to repeal it. In 1825 an additional act was
passed, but without alteration of the provision
against negroes. These statutes, so arbitrary
anil cruel, continued to grace the statute-book of
Massachusetts till April 1,1834. Thatlaw,passed
in Massachusetts m 1788, remained upon ihestat-
ute-book, although it was brought up for special
action of the general court, their legislative body,
,ind drawn to the attention of that body year after
year, until 1834.
And now, sir, in this day of revolution, of civil
war, of the shaking and the falling of States and
State constitutions, when the boast is thatslavery
has been destroyed, we see the disgraceful efforts
of the people of Massachusetts to get possession
of the rich cotton and sugar and rice lands of the
South, and to compass for themselves and for their
own enuchment the labor of the freed negro. All
this, sir, against their hollow claims of devotion
to justice, to philanthropy,to benevolence, to the
lifting up of a down-trodden race that they say
has been oppressed and degraded forgenerations!
Sir, it is all cant; nothing more, nothing less. If
Massachusetts wants to do her duty to our com-
mon humanity, and to the negro race in particu-
lar, lether permit the negro freedman who is free
to actasa fieeman. He has sense and instinct and
mind enough to make the best arrangements for
his own personal welfare. He is either a freeman
or a slave, if he is a slave, he belongs to his old
master. Ifheisno longer a slave he is a freeman,
and he has as much the civil rights of a freeman
us the Senator from Massachusetts. What right
has he or the Senate of the United States to get
up a system of pupilage, of guardianship, forthe
free negro, any more than for the free white man,
if they are all free before the law?
Sir, It docs not proceed fiom philanthropy, from
a sense of justice, but from sinister motives, from
the love of gain, from a desire to keep the negro
enslaved for the benefitof the man who thus wants
to entoil him with other shackles, more grievous
and galling indeed than those which they say have
been broken from his fettered limbs. It Massa-
chusetts desires to legislate for hi3 benefit let her
secure to the negro perfect freedom of contract, of
action, of employment, and make it penal and
presenile punishment for those who will oppress
and wrong him by taking advantage of lum in
matters of contract and of employment, or sn any
other mode.
OCCUPANCY OF CONFISCATED ESTATES.
SPEECH OF HON. EDGAR COWAN,
t OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Senate op the United Statb«,
June 27, 1864,
OnMr. Trumbull's amendment repealing the joint resolu-'
tion of July 17, 1862, qualifying the confiscation act arid
limiting forfeitures under it to the life of the offender.
Mr. COWAN said:
Mr. President: I should not have said a word
during this discussion except for the fact that
among all those who have engaged in it not one
of them has taken the pains to state the question
clearly and distinctly out of which itarises. The
Constitution provides that " No attainder of trea-
son shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture
[of estate] except during the life of the person
attainted. The true question is, whether by any
law we can make here the estates of traitors can
be forfeited absolutely and for the fee. Because
to repeal the joint resolution of 17th July, 1862,
would give the act it qualifies that operation; if
it did not the repeal would be useless and inoper-
ative.
Now I suppose that no lawyer in this country,
before the present war, could have ever hesitated a
moment as to the true construction of the clause
in question or of the reason which underlaid it.
The language is plain and free from all legal am-
biguity, it is the same which has been embodied
in English statutes for the last two hundred years,
and has been the subject of judicial construction
without a doubt as to its meaning. No one until
recently ever dreamed but that it was intended to
restrain the forfeitures in judgments of treason to
the lifetime of the traitors, and that after their
deaths their lands would descend to their heirs-at-
law as in other cases. The reason for this too
was simple and obvious, that the punishment of
a traitor, as far as possible,might be made to fall
upon his own head and not upon the heads of his
wife and children, who are presumed to be inno-
cent until they are found guilty. Experience,
long and painful, too, had shown that this humane
view was far more wise and politic for the State
than the older and more barbarous rule which
forfeited forever the estates of those who rebelled
against it. Under this latter the heirs, feeling that
they had been involved in the punishment of an
ancestor without having shared in his guilt, of
course always were disaffected toward a Govern-
ment they thought capable of such injustice to-
ward them, and under the smart of it never failed
to revolt themselves when a fit opportunity pre-
sented. Under the new policy, however, they
weie reconciled to the State because they were al-
losvcdnhe presumption of innoeenee in inheriting
the estates of their ancestors, and were made loyal
to it by the clemency it showed in not treating their
misfortunes as crimes.
Recently, however, in the indignation naturally
excited in the minds of our people by the wick-
edness of the rebellion, many have desired to
strip all those engaged in it of their entire prop-
erly, as a terror to those who might in the future
contemplate ottenses of thu same kind. Filled
with this notion, attempts are made to carry it
out here by enactments which would relieve the
courts of ali restraint in declaring forfeitures of
the property of persons engaged in the rebellion,
so that they might condemn a tract of land ab-
solutely as prize of war the same as the ship of
an enemy at sea is condemned when it is cap-
tured. This would be the effect if the joint res-
olution be repealed by the amendment of the
Senator from iihnois.
Now, i am leady to aver and prove that this
cannot be (lone withoutaclear violation of ourau-
thority delegated tons by the Constitution here,
and by the Constitution alone. We are here to
make laws forthe people according to the powers
I expressly given to us in that instrument, and we
| have no more light to transcend those powersby
| makins laws not warranted by it, or by making
I laws forbidden by it, than any tyrant has to jue-
i tify his usurpations; no more, indeed, than the
' rebels have for disregarding and disobeying it.
Let no man, therefore, solace himself with the
reflection that he is actuated by good motives
