THE C0MRESS10NAE GLOBE.
THE OFMClAX PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRK&S, PUBLISHED .BY JOHN C.llItES, .WASni^ttfOX $;■ Ci.! .
Thirty-Eighth Congress* 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 7,'
Mr. HENDERSON"-.' I suppose there -will be -
no misunderstanding aro.ong Senators in regard
to this matter. T do not know that.I ban< make
myself understood by the Senator from Connec-
ticut. I find that the ,o$cers reported-in New
J0fampshirj?,t January 1,4863#. twenty-seven-sav-
ings banks, with thirty-nine thousand three hu'j>
dpd and fifty-eight depositors, and the deposits
were $6,'560,3Cf8 07^ , There were fifty-two banks ,
of circulation in NewHampshire January 1,1863, ,
the date of the report, with only $1,725,866 <>0
deposit—a difference of nearly four to one in favor
of the savings banks; that is, four times as much
was deposited in the savings banks as in the banks
of circulation.
In Vermont, July ], 1&63, the report shows
eleven thousand and forty-five depositors, with a
deposit account of $1,712,231. At the same time
there were forty banks of circulation in that State,
with a deposit account of $1,848,153. There were
about one hundred thousand dollars more depos-
ited in the banks of-circulation than in the sav-
ings banks.
In Maine I find eleven thousand eight hundred
and thirty-three depositors in savings banks, and
the deposits amounted to $2,641,476. At that time,
December, 1863, there were sixty-nine banks of
circulation; there being in Maine only fifteen sav-
ings banks. The deposit account of the banks
of circulation was $6,421,005; being more than
double as much deposited in banks of circulation
as in the savings bunks.
in the State of New York I have the report of
January 1, 1863. There were seventy-five banks
railed savings hanks, with three hundred and
forty-seven thousand one hundred and eighty-four
depositors. The deposits in these banks were
§76,538,183. New Yoik at that time had three
hundred and eight banks of circulation, with a
deposit account of $200,824,776. I have not looked
through the other States.
hi fact, the New England States having a most
perfect system of savings banks havepiovided
that these banks shall make reports just as banks
of circulation do. In many of the States there is
no such supervision and control over these banks,
and such supervision and control ought to be had
in all the States. The system in New England
is perfectly proper and ought to be adopted in
each and every State; but it is utterly impossible
for mo now to ascertain the amounts of money
on deposit in the institutions called savings banks,
except where the law recjuiies the bank superin-
tendents, bank commissioners, and others to look
into this matter and to cause these bankw to make
reports to him. By examination, it will be found
that in the six New England States and the State
of New York there is in the savings banks a
vast amount of money; in Rhode Island there is
within a fraction of $10,000,000; in Massachu-
setts §50,000,000; in Connecticut $23,000,000; m
New Hampshire$6,000,000; in Yennont$l,712,-
000; in Maine $2,641,000; and in New York
$7G,000,000.
It strikes me that much of what has been said by
the Senator from Ohio is correct, that we shall find
not less than three or four hundred million dollars
perhaps on deposit in tiie different States of the
Union in the savings banks; and in that way de-
posits may be made in such institutions and
nothing realized under this provision of the bill.
I really feel very favorable to the object designed
by the Senator from Vermont if we could prop-
erty discriminate, but I very much fear that in-
stead of having a limitation upon it such as cer-
tainly ought to be imposed, rcstncting it to a
certain amount of deposits so as to confine it to
the poorer classes, it will be found that rich in-
dividuals will make their large deposits in these
banks, and thereby escape any taxation under
tins piovision. I have said all 1 desire to say.
Mi. COLLAMER. ItTs very difficult to disa-
buse any man's mind of the impressions which
use worn down into it by what he knows of the
state of things around lam, and with which he is
acquainted fiom having always lived there. He
fan not leadilv roal flu- condition of things in
172
oilier parts, of the-.is'ouritry, jsyAb wh,ic.h lie lias
been unacquainted. ' T'hc Se.nator fromlVIissoui'i.
talks about deposit in, b^n.,ks;p,f ijfrcul^tion, and
compares them wjta .deposits.!)! a,,savipgs b;t lf.
I have endeavorct},,tQ describe 'a savings bank in .
ray, Hi s,u,eh a manner tiiat tjie,;<^e-
seription rinist exclude all other banks.. ,It
be observed that I have described-it .as, it iji'ijt,
whose business is confined to leceiving. deposits
and loaning them for the depositors, the pro'lit'Or,
loss being to the depositor®! and m>t to the bank;
and I have also provided that it shall be u bank
which has no capital, 'and which does no other
business whatever.
I have two or three times undertaken to de-
scribe these banks, but I have never succeeded
in getting the attention of anybody who did not
understand it before, and now I am asked again
what these banks aie and how they do their busi-
ness., .They aie mciiecharitubleinstitutions,and
really in pnncipleyou might as well levy a tax
'upon the contribution box for. the poor of the par-
ish. I will endeavor again to state their.clmracter.
The returns which the Senator from Missouri hits
read show to any man who understand^ the sub-
ject that the proportion of money deposited in the
savings banks is just about in proportion to the
operatives in the'factories in the various places.
That is the reason why the deposits in Rhode
Island and Massachusetts are so much more than
in Maine and Vermont. In Veimont we are but
slightly a manuiuctiu mg people as compared with
Massachusetts or Rhode island. Connecticut is
a great deal more so. Maine is hut little, perhaps
not as much as we, and hence we have compar-
atively Utile in the savings banks in propouion
to pur population.
Now, let me state what a sayings hank is. By
an act of incorporation there aie curtain men,
called managers or trustees, who take charge of
the business. The Pi esident of the Senare is one
of them in his own city. These trustees do the
business for nothing; they receive no compen-
sation. They do it for the cause of humanity.
They superintend the business of the bank. They
have one officer, called a treasurer, whom they
hire and'pay for hiswotk. lie has an office, and
all peisons may call jf Lhey please and deposit
money in the savings bank. lie takes their
money, and enters it upon the books, and he gives
a little book to each depositor in which he enteis
what the depositor has put in; and when people
draw their money out when they want it, they
do so by bringing that book and having what
they take out charged to (hem. That book is u
muniment between the depositor and the bank.
The tiustees proceed to loan the money receivevd
whenever there is enough received to be worthy
of a loan, say fifty, or one hundred, or live hun-
dred dollars. They loan it upon a good note
where they know the parties, or upon a mortgage
upon real estate. Sometimes they buy State stock
or bank stork with the money. Then, with the
interest they rcectve on these, securities, they aie
enabled to pay the expense of the tieasurer and
divide about live per cent, annually to the depos-
itors; and they give thai percentage to every one
who has left his money in three months. _ It' they
have any more than live per cent, they divide the
excess, and if there is a loss in any respect they
divide less. Tiie bank, as you call it, really ail
imaginary thing, is nothing moie than what i
have now desenbed. I have diawn my amend-
ment 111 such a .shape as to exempt only those
savings banks whose business is confined to re-
ceiving deposits and loaning them tor the depos-
itors for then fuss or gam, and who have no cap-
ital, and do no other business whatever. The
question is whether that sort of institution ought
to be subject to a tax of one half per cent, per
annum on its deposits, so called.
I think I have described the savings bnnksjust
such as exist all over .New England. The Sen-
ator fiom Mibsouu has tuld us by reading the^
figures that there are a great many millions of
dollars, more or less, deposited in these savings
banks in the different States What does he con-
clude from tlialt,? '. Ifyi runs a paralTebbetwe^'the,
deposits in latrtyS 'ft$ Hie d(fppsrts*
in .ihe'banlis of "s'sju'e;" Tl]g;t|mgs ppf entirely
different and distinct. *~A'dcoraTng"to~Inp notion,,
'ajid i,f this exije^tism be npupjl-e, ^ f^'money'
de.gps.ited ip. theqe,'s'a.vir^* banks, 'and, which" ip,
loaned'ou,t','.the wli'ole ^ggregjafe oiftJiesepjinjoni,;
is-ito sulyect to a tax of 0119 jltjlf per cent.' per"
.annum—not one half per cent, 'the intrfrg'^
wliicfi isj refieiv.ed, buf. one' half per c|nt. upon Hip.
whole'aggregate amount.
Now, take a b'atilf of issytewhich receives de-
posits. Do they loan those deposits for the ben-
efit of the .depositors? Not at all, Tliey make
issues andloans for their own benefit. "Whatever,
tb'u'y earn they talte to themselves' an'd"keep to.
themselves. AU ihat a bank of issue ,ejiiters' oh*
its books as deposit's is the money that' is .put ill
which they loan out for their own pro/It, notfor
the profit of the depositor. Tliis.is ^Itireiy'.a1'
different matter. _'
.Ijjow, why should the deposits so called in the
savings banks be taxed? Suppose, l.hpe some
motiey, say ^-1,000, and I loan, it, do yo.u tax me
anything.on that loan? No^uta.ll. l&nowthat
if 1 have an income'from thjit and other sources,
amounting to, more than §600. t am subject' to'
pay a tax on my income. Rut,'take'the plain,
straight case, that 1 have got |'1,D00, if you will!,'
and i loan it, does the Government get a single,
pent of tax upo'u it ill any way? None at all. .£
know thai if i. have got an income from tbatorapy
other source falling within tiio description of the
law, I must, nay live per cent, income tax accord-
ing to this bill; but that is all.
Now, what arc you doing with these deposit-
ors? A poor boy or a young woman Working in
a fuctory at Manchester, if you pliase, instead
of taking caie of her own money, goes and says
to the hortoiab'le President'of the Senate, " Mr.
Clark, I have got fifty dollars, fny earnings for
the past few months; 1 ask you to put tliis money
into your savings bunk, and I ask you to divide,
between me and the other depositors what, you
make on the money we put in." Some people •
put in' $200 or $300, some $400 or §500, some
J,i0. In some States the average will be frSUO or
§300, 1 lie savings of two or three or four or five
yeais, put 11110 the savings bank. Whutdo yoi)
propose to do licie? To levy a tax of pno half
per cent, not on what the girl gets for interest,
upon that money, but one ha,If per cent, .on the
whole of her $50 as a tax. It is not one half per
lent, on her income but on the aggregateiamount
of her capital. You require liei to pay twenty-
five cents tax on the £3 which she gets, supposing
thai, she gets six per cunt., and she cannot set any
moie, and lually will not get more than five per
cent., and you require her to pay a quarter of a
dollar on the$y SU which she gets, or ten percent.
To what pmiGiple in the bill can you assimilate
iliat? What resemblance has it to any thing else
in the bill ?
But, Mr. Pi esident, it is .said that perhaps
wealthy people may put their money in savings
banks,"and the Senator from Ohio says that a man
with capital carrying on a great manufacturing
business may put his money into a savings bank.
1 call tell the Senator that a man canymg on a
great inanufactoiy has very little capital but what
he uses himself; he generally has .to borrow
money. He does not have any money to de-
posit, or if he has it is not deposited long enough
to make anything.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Vermont
also mention the circumstance that the money
tiius deposited is not subject to be token out on
call? it can only be taken out at ce.rtain periods
of the year.
Mr. COLLAMER. It can only bp taken out
from three inoiuhs to three mouths,generally, on
notice. The savings banks do not all have the
! same regulation on this point. Some of them
have a regulation that if you deposit money, you
j may withdraw it at any time_ upon,giving five
i days' notice, Ifut if you do it within three months
1 you shall have 110 interest. Oihershave <1 little dii-
