1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
other purposes, was the next bill taken from the
Speaker's table, read "a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ALBERT BROWN.
An act (S. No. 92) for the relief of Albert
Brown was the next bill taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
SALE OF GOLD BY THE UNITED STATES AGAIN.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 consider the matter so im-
portant that I again ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee' of Ways and Means,
for the purpose of considering it at this time, a
bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
sell any surplus gold in the Treasury.
Mr. COX. WhatefTect will it have upon com-
mercial exchanges? How much gold 1s to be sold,
and why is it to be sold at this time ?
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a matter of import-
ance, and ought to be deliberately considered, and
I therefore object.
Mr. HOOPER. Let it be postponed until to-
morrow after the morning hour, and then con-
sidered as the special order.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 think that the House is will-
ing to agree to that if we are to have an under-
standing thatdebate shall be allowed.
Mr. HOOPER, i do not propose to call for
the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I think that the House will
agree that the bill shall be discussed to-morrow.
We are not disposed to delay action unneces-
sarily, but we want the bill understood before we
are called to vote on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on my objection. I
am opposed to making it a special order.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 151) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1865.
The CHAIRMAN. When the bill was last
under consideration the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. J. C. Allen] moved to amend the clause
" for pay of commission, wat rant, and petty offi-
cers and seamen, including the engineer corps of
the Navy, $19,423,241," by adding thereto the
following:
And that the same bo paid in gold or it« equivalent: Pro-
vided , That the relative value ot any paper cimency tend-
eied .-hall he ascertained tiy the Secretary of theTieriMiry,
and his ceit fient<> shall be conclusive evidence thereof it
dated thirty days betore payment is made.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's] moved to amend theamendment by striking
out the words "gold or its equivalent," and in-
serting in lieu theieof "lawful money of the United
States." The pending question is on theamend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Chairman, I deem it
proper to say that the pending amendment has re-
ceived the sanction of the Democratic members of
the House. It is urged in good faith, as a meas-
ure of simple justice to those for whose benefit it
is intended. Its object is simply to secure to the
sailor, as we propose to secure to the soldier, the
price fixed by law for their services in gold or its
equivalent. They do not ask or expect more;
they certainly should receive nothing less. It is
not proposed to apply the provision to any other
class of the public servants than those in the naval
and military service, for the reason that no other
has been called upon to make such sacrifices for
the country, and that upon no other rests imme-
diately tho burden of its defense; yet this House
at the present session, under the lead of the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Ways and Means,
provided for the payment of the salaries due our
representatives in foreign countries according to
the gold standard.
The men who are fighting the battles of the
country are, in a peculiar sense, entitled to a larger
consideration and to the distinction which is thus*!
proposed to be made in their favor. In lieu of
home and domestic endearments, they have ac-
cepted and are bearing the privations, sufferings,
and perils of a bitter and sanguinary war. Their
wives and children are still dependent for support
upon their pay, who, deprived by their situation
of the means of procuring that support from the
ordinary pursuits of life, have relied with un-
doubting trust upon their engagements with the
Government. So long as payment was rendered
in coin or its equivalent, the soldier's pay being
thirteen dollars per month for the private, and the
seaman's about the same, which is not equal upon
the average to the earnings from civil occupation,
was yet such an approximation to that standard
as could be contentedly borne. For some time
back, however, owing to the excessive inflation
of the paper issues of the Government, the de-
parture from the gold standard has been con-
stantly increasing, until at this time a dollar in
greenbacks is worth only about sixty-four cents
in gold. In consequence of this depreciation the
soldiei's pay is actually reduced to about eight
dollars per month. It is well known that the
means of living have advanced in a ratio even
greater than that corresponding with the depre-
ciation of the currency.
This condition of things falls with especial se-
verity upon that class of men who have already
made greater sacrifices than any other in taking
up arms in the common cause. Can the Govern-
ment properly do less than preserve the faith of
its solemn engagements by at once restoring the
compensation to the value which it possessed
when the war commenced? They have performed
their part of the contract with noble fidelity and
zeal. Antietam, Vic.ksburg, Gettysburg, and
Chattanooga are monuments of their bravefy
and patriotism which will bear their fame to adis-
tantand admiring future. If anything more were
needed to commend the proposition to the accept-
ance of the House, I think it will be found in the
effect the passage of such a measure would have
upon enlistments. So longas the soldier is paid
as at present, enlistments are asked for with an
ill grace, and will be rendered with a tardiness
which can hardly be surprising when we consider
the change which has been wrought in the terms
of engaging in the service, by the depreciation of
the money substituted for the constitutional cur-
rency.
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that many Demo-
crats believe that this war could have been avoid-
ed, and now condemn the policy which governs
it. Yet at the same time we condemn in unqual-
ified terms the rebellion; are anxious to see it
put down; and are determined to stand by any
Administration or any policy that will bring the
war to a speedy close, and establish in its place
peace, an early peace, with the restoration of the
Union and the legal and constitutional rights of
all the States and all the people fully protected
andsecuied. We believe that when this great
object is attained the win* ought to cease. But
duiing its progress in the past as well as in the
future we recognize the seamen and soldiers of
tSie Army as having gone forward to fight the bat-
tles of constitutional government, and areatleast
entitled to our justice. Wherevcrany partof that
great Army has moved, upon the water or upon
the land, its ranks have been filled with thousands
of gallant Democrats, many of whom now sleep
m soldiers'graves. I am aware, Mr. Chaii man,
that the Republican gentlemen of the House are
in the majority, and that this proposition for the
benefit of the soldier cannot be carried by Dem-
ocrats alone. I trust, then, that it will not be pre-
judiced for the reason that, it has emanated from
a Democratic caucus and will receive the undi-
vided vote of the Representatives of the Demo-
ciatic party, but that it will obtain a geneious
suppoit and become a law.
Mr. McBRlDE. As the Representative of a
people who in my election disregarded all pai ti-
san issues, I took my seat upon this floor with
an earnest wish to imitate their sacrifice of politi-
cal associations and to work earnestly and heartily
with those whose purpose was to vindicate the
imperiled integrity of the nation and compel obe-
dience to its legitimate authority.
Coming from the shores of the Pacific, from
among a people many of whom know by experi-
ence the inconvenience and the sense of helpless-
ness to which a want of the protection of the na-
tional ensign consigned them, I speok for them
and their devotion to the integrity of the Union
with something of the feeling that is supposed to
•be peculiar to those who have suffered from the
oppressions of other Governments and have at last
found protection and a home beneath the folds of
our own banner.
In early youth, after a weary journey of two
thousand miles from the border of civilization in
the valley of the Mississippi, I found myself on
the banks of the Columbia, within hiring of the
roar of the great ocean into which it falls, in the
midst of a wilderness of mountain and solitude,
with only a handful of brave but hardy pioneers
to whom I could appeal for protection and a home.
The ownership of the country was undetermined;
the value and resources of it were unknown; the
subjects of the British Crown exceeded in num-
ber the residents who were American citizens,
and the majesty of national authority was unfelt
and unknown.
I often heard, sir, in those days of our young
State's early history, the American citizen express
his hope that the day might soon come when we
could hoist the flag of freedom above our homes
again and enjoyits blessings and protection. And
when a toil-worn emigrant arrived from the far-off
land which we still loved to call home, and brought
a tattered newspaper to the friend who preceded
him, its soiled pages were eagerly scanned to know
if yet the vexed question of boundary had been
settled, or whether we still must invoke in vain
the rights of American citizenship. The painful
disappointment, the deep expressions of regret
and despair which were common aupund mc as
year by year passed away and we were left with-
out notice and without aid or protection from the
home Government, left an impression upon my
heart of the passionate devotion of an American
citizen to the flag and institutions of his country
which i shall ever remember with the pride of one
who believes that devotion to be not only just but
honorable. And, sir, when after years of long-
ing and impatience the news came that the title to
the domain where our weak and scattered settle-
ments werelocated was confirmed to tho American
Government a thrill of patriotic joy ran through-
out their length; and when, on the 3d of March,
1849, the little ship that bore him to our shores
landed the Governor appointed by the President
at Oregon City, and his proclamation announcing
that the laws of the United States were extended
over the country for its protection was issued,
none but those who witnessed the feeling that it
invoked and the demonstrations which greeted it
can realize the joy that pervaded the community
at again being beneath the protecting care of the
parent Government.
I allude to this part of the history of our State
to show how early and ardent has been the at-
tachment of its citizens to the central Govern-
ment, and when, in the height of its prosperity we
felt not only its want of care but its cold and cruel
neglect, the first exhibition of a sense of justice
toward us was met by demonstrations of grati-
tude and affection which showed how deep a hold
the love of our common country had upon the
hearts of our people. And the patriotism which
they evinced then they cherish now; no trick of
politics or device of traitors can draw them away
from the shrine of the Union and their devotion
to the Constitution of the Republic. Thatdream
of despairing tieason, the establishment of a Pa-
cific republic, though for long years cherished in
secret as part of the plan to make feasible a south-
ern confederacy, had no charm to allure the peo-
ple from their firm allegiance.
Though the Democratic party had, up to the
inception of this rebellion, a majority consisting
of almost two to one of the votes of the State with
it, and the chosen leader of it had been long the
recipient of the confidence and highest honors of
the people of the State, and in the interests of his
treasonable party association forgot his own al-
legiance, yet all these influences failed to drag the
people of our Slate from the lofty height of pa-
triotic duty. With every reason that partisan
association and prejudices could devise to seduce
them fiom the path of patriotism they stood fast
and true, and I stand here to-day to express my
gratitude to the thousands of patriotic Democrats
who, in defiance of the influences that had de-
moralized theit party in the interests of secession
and placed its organization in the hands of its
friends and sympathizers in the Pacific States,
nobly rallied to the side of the constituted author-
ities and have been their firm and unwavering
