THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February it,
supporters through all the storm and doubt of this*
fierce rebellion.
With those facts illustrating the Unionism of
the masses in the State from which I come—and
perhaps from the locality, more than anything
else, feeling less interest in those questions, the
decision of which in favor of the North by the
presidentykj election of I860 furnished the pretext
for this rebellion—and having no bitterness to re-
venge upon political enemies, I ropfeat, sir, I came
here with an honest desire and an earnest purpose
to .cooperate with men of all parties in aiding, to
restore the authority of the Government, and, I
might add, with the belief that among all parties
in this great and glorious work the Government
would find friends. A few months, however, sir,
passed in the States upon this side of the conti-
nent prior to the opening of the present session
of Congress dispelled that hope and belief which
I had so ardently cherished, and I found myself
compelled to choose between two parties upon this
floor, as clearly defined in principle and purpose
and as antagonistic to each other as two political
parties can be under the same Government and
yet maintain the public peace.
I find, it is true, some gentlemen upon the other
side of the House who evince occasionally both
by voice and vote an earnest purpose to aid the
constituted authorities in maintaining the integ-
rity of the Republic, but I rogiet to say that they
seem too few in numbers and feeble in influence
to materially afTect the action of their party; and
I have yet to hear the boast of last winter on this
floor that the Democratic party, arrayed against
the Administration, was a " war party," or has
any longer any such pretensions.
As a Union man, therefore, representing a thor-
oughly loyal Union constituency, I could find no
other friends upon whom I could safely icly to
honestly labor for the restoration of thr* national
authority than those with whom it has been my
pleasure and honor to act.
The pretense upon which the Democratic pai ty
carried the election a year ago, that they were for
a itiore vigorous prosecution of the war, seems
now no ionger insisted upon, and even those who
thus succeeded on a belligerent platfoim aie to-
day undeistood to bo as fully indoctrinated with
the "j>ence principles" thai propose to disarm
this wicked rebellion of its bloody purpose by
some scheme of concession to its guilty authors
as the known champion of southern interests, Mr.
Vallandigham himself.
But I do not make this charge upon that party
upon the basis of Us action during the past sum-
mer only, i go further, and affirm that from the
time it drove men like Johnson, of Tennessee,
Holt, of Kentucky, Dickinson and Cochrane, of
New York, Connoss, of California, and Noell,of
Missouri, nnd men like them, outside the pale of
its oiganization, it has been an anti-war party,
and a substantial ally of tins infamous and trea-
sonable rebellion which seeks to destroy the best
Government that human wisdom ever devised.
The fuel that such men, the soundness of whose
partisan opinions was never impeached, were
compelled to renounce theii associations, is suffi-
cient evidence of the leal animus of the organiza-
tion, but the developments of the last year are
sufficient to establish from their own declarations
that the charge which I have made against them
is as disgraceful as it is true.
Why, sir, turn to the Journals of this body at
its jast session. On the 19th day of Decembei,
18G2, the bill making appropriations for the Army
was .voted upon; and you will find that of the
forty-eight members upon that side of the House
voting that day only u-n recoided their votes in
favor of the passage of the bill. Tkh tij-fivc ab-
sented themselves at roll-call, and three, with a
manly boldness which is an honor to their sin-
cerity though little to their patriotism, voted
against the bill. There, sir, stands their record ;
on the practical question of pay and supplies 1
for the gallant armies that weie then fig})ting to
maintain the honor of the Republic, and wimse
wounds yet bleeding and fresh from the terrible
slaughter of Fixdencksbuig found neither com-
-fort nor aid at the hands of their Demociatio
brothers in this House, who hud in many eases
urged them to volunteer mid go into the war so
long asjt was hoped_ that such a course would
make McCleliun President, and who utterly for-
sook them so soon as they found that their po-
litical expectations from the Army were not to •
be realized. And to show the inconsistency of !
those who oppose the Government in prosecuting
this war, some of the same gentlemen who re-
fused to record their votes in favorofa bill which
gave wages and clothing and food to our brave
soldiers who were facing the enemy in deadly
conflict, have been voting resolutions to increase
the pay of the same men at the present session.
Last year they would have had the Government
violate its contract to pay them by leaving it with-
out the means; this year they propose to pay
them more than the Government agreed. This
inconsistency in action is explained by its entire
consistency of purpose; by leaving them without
any pay last year they hoped to create disaffec-
tion toward the Government; then by telling
them that they ought to have more pay than they
now get, they seek to foment disaffection now.
To weaken and demoralize the soldiers in the field
being their purpose, this singularly diverse action
is easily understood. They assail the Govern-
ment and seek to gain possession of the citadel of
its power in as many ways as the burglar does
who striving to enter the house which he proposes
to rob, tries first to break his way with sledge and
bar, and failing resorts to the milder means of a
false key, and foiled in all, rings the bell and asks
admission to the parlor of his victim in the char-
acter of a gentleman !
To prove how soon the Democratic leaders of
the country became disciples of peace after the
removal of General McClellan from the command
of the army of the Potomac, 1 have but to reffr
to a few facts known to the country as partof the
history of the time. Even the energetic member
fiom Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who is so frequently and
prominently before the Mouse, and who only a
shoit time since dehbeiately voted ami spoke in
favor of a lesolution to send commissioners to
Jefferson Davis to sue for peace, only one year
ago was one of the most active friends of volun-
teenn - in his section of the State; and yet, sir,
strange as it may seem, this rampant " war man "
anterior to McClellan's removal, lapses in a few
revolving moons into a meek advocate of an in-
glorious peace, and the warm supporter of his
late colleague, Mr. Vallandigham, for the office of
Governor of the State of Ohio. The conversion
of Saul of Tarsus from tlffc character of a firm
persecutor of the disciples of the Prince of Peace
into that of an humble follower is said in his own
account to have occupied three days, and the pro-
cess was considered sudden, although the shock
was so great as to produce temporary loss of
sight. How long the gentleman from Ohio la-
bored under conviction before he rejoiced in the
light of a new life we may not precisely know,
but in mercy to the subject let us hope that the
good Providence who watched over both the an-
cient and modern conversion permitted the hitter's
mental vision, as a less punishment, to be totally
obscured, but did not allow the three days of
bodily agony which the apostle suffered, u sor-
rowing without meat or dnnk."
lhu. sir, I will leave these personal icflections
and call attention to other testimony.
^The State of Indiana has shown by every act
of her patuotie people that she was emphatically
in favor of crushing the rebellion by force of
arms; and the conclusive evidence of that is found
in the creditable fact that m the President's va-
rious calls for troops she has always exceeded
the demand made upon her. And yet the Dem-
ocratic committee of her Legislature, chosen in
the very height of the war fever which swept
through the .Northwest m 18&3, m the winter fol-
lowing issued an address in which this quotation !
occuis: j
'•The fcStato no po\v<n intheoivoi in fact to j
>*<t.iy the dinner which now >t.ind m luule ariay; am! '
though the ClnMian and humane muni of Indiana might i
desire 10 ?ee tlr1 eii'ii-ion ot blood pievrnled, n. nla* ;*ss I
pow erte-sb- to stop the caiuaue which is huir>ing her pons !
to t'miy and rii.vNGFu-' yrave-." j
See the smooth folds of the secession viper be- '
neath this ingenious sentence. Her people are \
told that their sons arc filling "strcw^er" graves; }
that when they pass beyond the limits of their j
own State they ;u-e upon " stranger'' soil; that |
though the national flvig wavesabkein supremacy \
of law over every rood of ground that ever ac- j
knowledge! the national authoiity, yet when the f
brave defendeis of that authority maich to its |,
defense, when treason has torn it from its place, I
they are told that they are inarching upon
" stranger" soil, and invading the land of a for-
eign enemy. They continue:
'•The committee are far fiom thinking that war is the
rightful remedy ior our national tioubles; tbey believe the
reveise to be true;" &c.
So much for the peace organization which so
suddenly sprang into vigorous existence at the
period of our national adversity a year ago in the
State of Indiana. I turn now to Connecticut,
one of the New England States. The party hav-
ing control of the Democratic organization in that
State placed in the field as their candidate for the
office of Governor at the last annual election a
gentleman who, in a letter which was said to have
been addnssed by him to a southern rebel—as to
the tiuth of this I cannot speak, but the authen-
ticity of the letter has, 1 believe, been admitted
—declared that—
" [ abhor the whole schema of southern invasion, with
ah its honihh: cnn^equenccs? of lapmo and plunder." *
* * x a Thousands ot'usare beginning to see there
can be no Union jjol in thi-. way." *•*■**
TliO'sC who dnve.the ear ol war at this time havenomote
idea of saving the Union by then bloody saculieex than they
have of changing the course ot natuie."
In speaking of the new levies of that year for
troops he characterizes them as demands 44 for
the hospitals, the marshes, the ditches, and gun-
boat shambles;" and winds up his dolorous epis-
tle by denouncing the war for the Union as an
"iniquity which [he] would be found exposing
to the end of the chapter;" and adding that
" things have gone so far now that the only possi-
ble chance [to restore the Union] will be by the
adoption of a Christian policy, very different from
that which at piesent prevails at Washington."
{See how skillfully the doctrine of secession is
again made to undei lie this whole letter. The at-
tempt to take possession of the property owned
and held by the Govei n men tin the southei n States
and disperse those who were seeking the destruc-
tion of its admitted authority with arms in their
hands, is called " a scheme of southern invasion, "us
if tins Government had not a right, if necessary, to
occupy every foot of the national territory. This
talk anout the " invasion" of southern territory
shows how fully the Democratic organisation of
the present day has been imbued with the ideaof
State supremacy which was the political heresy
fiom which all our present tioubles have come,
and sounds strangely at variance with the denun-
ciations which have been applied within the last
few weeks to the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania who sits near me, [Mr. Stevens'] for
announcing what they call a similar doctrinc.
Like the inebriate who fancied that his friends
were intoxicated and he only sober, these gentle-
men charge upon others the sm which is most
apparent in themselves, and I suggest to them the
language of Scripture, " First cast out the beam
out of "thine own eye: and then shalt thou see
clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother'/*
eye."
This letter was written in July, 1862, months
before that Christian policy which the writer al-
luded to was adopted at Washington. I mean
(what he did not) the policy of calling to the aid
of the national forces the sympathies and assist-
ance, the hearts and hands of the slaves that had
tilled the fields and grown the subsistence upon
which the insurgents depended. So that what-
ever excuses others might have given for their op-
position to the war, growing out of the emanci-
pation of slaves, the author of this letter can now
plead no such apology.
1 will not occupy my time in reading extracts
from the speeches of Vallandigham, or from the
letters and utterances of Judge Woodward, or
of Wickliffe of Kentucky, to prove the imfanli-
fuinc%>s of the Democratic paity to the duty of
prosecuting this war, as its sentiments are pro-
claimed by its chosen leaders m the various
States. Suffice it to say that the proof is ample
and overwhelming. If anything further were
wanting, it is found in the votes of the minority
upon this floor since the beginning of the present
Congress.
It was well said by a friend who sits near me,
that when the wants of the Government were
such that their aid was not needed it was tendered
Ivith^ alacrity; but when measures which most
roepmed unanimity were demanded it was pi r-
sistently and factiously refused bvthc minor.':;.
Ihe bill authorizing-"bounties for vokuiuon,,
