B4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
38tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Occupancy of Confiscated Estates—Mr. Ooioan.
[June 27.
Senate.
while he is "violating it, or,in the popular phrase,
that the Government is to be saved even at the
expense of the Constitution. He must save it
according'to the Constitution and by the exercise
of the powers it confers, because if there is a
Government left after the Constitution is gone
that Government.would be a despotism and not
the Government he is intrusted to save. All this
is, I think, so plain that all who are not willfully
blind must see it. If we for the purpose (as we
think) of saving the Government could violate
the Constitution to do so, then the President
might for the same purpose do so too. Now
suppose he were to decide that the great danger
to it was the coming presidential election, and that
for the purpose of saving it from that danger he
would prevent an election altogether, and hold
over himself till it was safe to go back to the Con-
stitution and again intrust the people with the
right to choose a Chief Magistrate: will any
man say that would be saving the Government?
Would itnot the rather be saying that itwas im-
possible to save the Government, and that it was
"necessary to substitute in its stead a despotism?
It is in this aspect all true men must view it;
and there is no man true to the Government or
who has faith in its continued existence who
would for one moment doubt us capacity to save
itself according to the laws of its own creation,
indeed I have no doubt if it is ever lost it will be
by violating its fundamental law, the Constitu-
tion, and if that is obeyed it can be saved and
will endure. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois admits that ail the power possessed by our
Government is derived to it under and by virtue
of the Constitution, and 1 consider this admission
important as coming from him,fortliere are some
of his school who seem to think that in time of war
we get some new accession of power from some
other source, outside that instrument, which they
call war powers, and upon the.se they are disposed
to draw without stint whenever constitutional ob-
jections ore made to their schemes. But it so
happens that we hold and enjoy even our war
powers under the Constitution, which provides as
well for the chastisement of belligerent enemies
as it does for the punishment of the citizens who
offend against its criminal code. And if we were
at war to-day with a foreign Power, wo would
be as much bound by the Constitution in all re-
spects while carrying on that war us we aie bound
by it while proceeding against one of our citizens
for murder or any other offense. In the first case
we are governed by the laws of war as wo find
tlu m in the laws of nations, and in the latter by
the municipal laws enacted by Congress accord-
ing to the Constitution. The framers of that in-
strument found the "laws of nations" all ready
made to their hand, and they provided that they
should be the law of the new people they were
then starting out on its national career. They
adopted them as the law of the United Stales.
But they adopted no municipal code ready made,
but they provided a Congress and gave it au-
thority to make one accoiding to certain fixed
rules and with certain definite limitations; so that
we see they adopted one code and provided for
making another. The first regulates our inter-
course with foreign nations in peace and war, the
necond regulates the relations and authority of the
Government with our own citizens as sueh.
line, however, conies the difficulty, a difficulty
which has confused so many discission:? and Irit
ho many minds otherwise clear in much and per-
plexing uncertainty; it is this: under which of
these codes are our relations with rebels regu-
lated ? Ate we to treat them as foreigners at war
with us, or as citizens offending against our crim-
inal code? 1 answer unhesitatingly that so long
as actual war exists we are bound to treat them
precisely us though they were a foreign nation;
we may do to them and their property, public
and private, exactly what we might do to the
public and private property of Mexico and Mex-
icans if we were at war with them, and nothing
more. After the war is over and the armed re-
bellion k put down we have a right to do to them
whatever we have a right by law to .do to citizens
wiio oitend agamst our laws. And tins, too, is
the necessity of the case; it is what we are du ng
now, or what wo ought to be doing, because, act-
ual war existing, w<- are governed by the laws of
nations and not by our municipal laws. By the
latter we might try, convict, and execute for the
crime of treason some of the prisoners we take;
but it is well known we do not; indeed we durst
not for our sakes as well as for the sake of the
law. If we did so they would retaliate and exe-
cute our prisoners; and the war having thus
broken out of the pale of international lav/ would
become one of murder and extermination instead
of beingcivilizedand lawful war. If we had once
subdued the organized and armed rebellion, so
that they could not retaliate, then we might en-
force against them our municipal law, or law en-
acted by Congress; until that event happens we
cannot.
The act of 17th July , 1862, being clearly a mu-
nicipal law in most of its features, itmustbe sub-
ject to the restriction imposed by the Constitu-
tion; and if we undertake to punish the rebel as
a citizen, then we must accord to him all that a
citizen charged with a crime has a right to claim
under the Constitution; that is, he must be charged
by a grand jury, must be tried by a petit jury,
&c., and though his life may be forfeited abso-
lutely, yet his lands cannot.
The joint resolution asserts this principle and
makes it part of the act, makes the act itself con-
stitutional; but if we repeal it, then it is not con-
stitutional and the courts could not execute it.
But we are told that this law is not exactly a mu-
nicipal Ir^w; that it is not to operate on the rebel
as a citizen but as an enemy and a belligerent;
that as we have the right to shoof him on the field
of battle, we have also a right to confiscate his es-
tates, &c.;with a great deal more to the same pur-
pose, but all of which means, I suppose, iFit be put
in legal phrase, "that by the laws of war the pri-
vate property, real and personal, of belligerent ene-
mies is iawful prize of war." If this is true, then
we have the light of course; but if it is the law
already, why re-enact it here? it is unquestiona-
bly the law of war that pi ivate property of enemies
captured at sea is fair prize of war; but being the
law, no one has ever thought of giving it any ad-
ditional force by putting it into an act of Con-
gress.
Now I propose to show that from the very na-
ture and necessity of the matter Congress cannot
enact laws of war; to attempt it would be an ab-
surdity. Under ordinary circumstances it would
be enough to say to reasonable men that one nation
or one belligerent could not make laws of war,
because the laws of war must bind both belliger-
ents; and it is manifestly absurd to suppose that
if one belligerent weie to lay down the law to gov-
ern the struggle the other would be bound to obey
it. It could only be the law when both agreed to
be bound by it; if they did not then it would be
mere idle proclamation, or, as lawyers say, bru-
tum fulmen.
Again, even if a foreign nation or nations were
to join with the United States in establishing new
rules or laws to be added to the international code,
Congress would have nothing whatever to do with
the matter.
This can be illustrated in a very simple man-
ner. 1 have said that the Constitution adopted
the international code ready made, by confer-
ring power upon Congress to affix a proper pun-
ishment for its violation in certain cases, such as
piracy, (fee., to declare war,grantletters ofmarque
and ieprisal,and to make rules concerning cap-
tures on land and water, (that is, what disposi-
tion shall be made of prizes of war, and not what
nli.tli be pMZ'* of war as has been argued.) Here
the power of Congress ends and the power of
the President and Senate begins. The President
appoints and the Senate confirms embassadors
to foreign courts; they also make treaties; and
lastly the courts decide all cases arising under the
laws of nations, especially pi ize cases.
Now, it is well known that the great Powers
of Europe, in congress assembled in Paris, in
1836, proposed certain ameliorations in the laws
of nations regulating war, as follows: first, to
abolish privateering; second, enemy cargo (ex-
cept contraband of war) to be covered by neutral
flags; thud, neutral goods (excent contiaband of
war) not seizable under enemy Hags.
The United States were invited to a?.ree to those
changes, and the Federal Government was will-
ing to do so, provided another change was made,
namely, "that private property of enemies should
not be prize of war at sea any more than on land."
Now, allow me to ask, suppose our Govern-
ment had agreed, by what agency under our
Constitution could that resulthave been brought
about? Surely no one will say it would be Con-
gress; but every one must know that the Piesi-
dent, through his ministers abroad, would have
entered into treaty with the Powers proposing;
that we would have been called on to ratify it in
this Senate; and that, so far from the House of
Representatives having anything to do with it,
we would have been bound not to let them know
anything about it until our action had been taken.
Here we see beyond dispute that to the Presi-
dent and the Senate is intrusted the power of
proposing and agreeing to alterations and amend-
ments to the laws of nations.
Now, I wish to say further in this connection,
that in pursuance of the doctrine 1 have advanced
we have established courts to decide cases arising
under the laws of nations, and that in deciding
those cases an act of Congress would have no
binding force whatever, because if itcontravencd
the well-settled principles of public law, the court
would be bound to disregard it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There never was such a
case in the world.
Mr. COWAN. There never was a clearer
proposition, nor one which could be more easily
maintained before an intelligent court. I never
heard it denied or doubted except on the floor of
the Senate, and that at a time when I was satis-
fied Senatois had not examined it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania if he ever read the
opinion of Chief Justice Marshall on that very
point, in which he said that the law of nations
was" subject to the control of the sovereignty;
that a nation might make itself odious to other
nations by refusing to follow* it; but that the
power of Congress to confiscate property was
clear and unquestioned.
Mr. COWAN. I know precisely the opinion
to which the Senator refers—Brown's case—and
1 know, too, that the case as actually decided
gives no countenance whatever to the doctrine for
which he contends, no matter what the judge may
have said by the way while he was ruling it.
Besides, there is a doctrine of Chief Justicc Mar-
shall in a subsequent case which is directly in the
teeth of his doctrine in Brown's as the Senator
understands the latter. Thefactis, however,that
there is no difficulty in reconciling them.
Let me put a case. Suppose we had acceded
to the treaty of Paris, and we had gotten after-
wards into a war with Great Britain. Then sup-
pose Congress had enactedalawdeclaringenemy
goods might be taken as prize of war,-though cov-
ered by a ncutial flag. Then, further, suppose
one of our cruisers had captured British goods
on board of a French vessel, and had brought
them into a prize court for condemnation; would
it not have been sufficient to prevent such a result
to show that we had bound ourselves by treaty
not to make prize of goods under such circum-
stances? And if the act of Congress had been
relied on by the captors would not the court have
pointed to the Constitution to show thatsuch cases
were to be decided by what the court believed and
dccidcd to be the law of nations, and not what Con-
gress might have enacted in the premises? And
might not the court further say, u We sit here to
preserve the peace of nations, to compel the observ-
ance of treaties and the just administration of pub-
lic laws between independent sovereignties; and
we cannot, even at the bidding of one or both of
the other departmentsof our Government, decide
the law as they would have it or make it; but we
must decide it as it is."
Again, it is a remaikable fact that just at the
time Mr. Seward was endeavoring to inducc the
sovereignties of Europe to exempt the private
property of belligerent enemies at sea from being
made prize of war, just at the same time the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois and others were en-
deavoring by a congressional enactment to make
the private property of enemies on land (which
had been exempt long before by international law)
lawful prize of war! I doubt whether the friends
| of any Government ever before showed such a
11 want of consistency as in thin instance, when
