1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE,
2739
agency of the corporation of which he is a mem-
ber. If I have an income of $100,000 under this
biil derivable from stocks of various descriptions,
I virtually pay through the agency of these cor-
porations 5 per cent, on that amount. The Sen-
ator from "Vermont, who is my neighbor, gets
an income also of $100,000, but he receives his
from iron or coal mines, or from manufactures,
or from commerce; and if he wijl turn to the 171st
page he will observe that he must pay 7| per
cent, on his income; upon' all over $10,000 he
must pay 7^ per cent.; whereas, I, owning my
property entirely in the stock of corporations,
through those corporations pay 5 per cent. only.
That is inequitable; that operates to the disad-
vantage of commerce and manufactures and of
the owners of real estate in our cities whose in-
comes are derivable from property, who ought
not to be compelled to pay any more than men
who own property in stocks.
It is said that this can be regulated by some
rule to be established by the Commissioner. I
am unwilling to agree to any bill that has to be
amended by a Commissioneror a Secretary of the
Treasury or any other public officer when my at-
tention is called to a provision of this kind and it is
susceptible of being perfected in the Senate. Then
I have a great many doubts whether we can au-
thorize any change of the absolute law of Con-
gress on thesubjcct. I propose, therefore, to strike
out this clause in order to enable the committee
of conference,- when the bill shall be referred to a
committee of conference, to perfect this matter and
put it on the right basis, so that parties who are
deriving an incomefrom stocks or fromanyother
species of property shall stand upon a perfect
equality.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the words will
not be stricken out. That would present the bill
in a most anomalous and ridiculous condition.
The bill would simply stand then, as it goes out
of the Senate, that a man shall have his 5 per
cent, deducted in the first place from the income
on his shares by the bank, or other corporation
m which he holds shares, and then that he shall
pay 5 per cent, again on the same income.
That is the way it would stand. For the credit
of the Senate 1 do not want to have the bill go
out in that shape.
I have no sort of doubt about how the thing
will operate. We confer on the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue power to make rules and reg-
ulations for the collection of this income tax, and
to call upon everybody for a return of what his
income is. All a man has to do is to make a re-
turn of his sources of income, and that is the
way in which it is done, specifying this source,
that source, and the other. Then they estimate
it upon that. If any item has been deducted
once, there is an end of it. I was obliged to re-
turn a statement of what I had received as my
salary here; I shall be obliged to do it again; but
I shall not be charged with 5 percent, on it, because
the law provides that it shall be deducted before
the salary is paid over to me. If it appears from
my return of the whole of my income that it is
more than $10,000, I am charged with 1\ per
cent, on the excess over $10,000.
The thing is simple in its opeiation if the Com-
missioner does his duty. If you take it for granted
that he will not do his duty, there is an end of it;
but if the Senator desires to amend it, he should
fix something that is an amendment. I am not
prepared at a moment's warning to do it. The
gentleman proposes an amendment to strike out a
part of the bill, because he thinks it wants to be
redrawn and something else provided. My ca-
pacity does not go as far as that; but if the Sen-
ator wishes that the committee of conference
shall consider it, they are perfectly able to con-
sider it on the amendments that have been made.
We have struck out two very important parts of
the bill there and inserted others, and on those
the committee of confeience can, if they think it
necessary, make a provision that will answer the
puipose. It stands just as well now for that pur-
pose as it would with the whole clause struck out.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have some in-
dication as to what the sense of the Senate is upon
this subject, whether it is deemed necessary or
not to make an amendment. As I understand it,
the Senator admits that my criticism is correct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 admit that if the Com-
missioner does not do what he hasa perfect riglif
to do, and what he will undoubtedly do if he .un-
derstands the bill, a consequence of that sort may
follow, but the same sort of consequence may fol-
low in five hundred other places in the.biil. .
~Mr. GRIMES. The Senator admits- that there,
would be this inequality, between the incomes,
derived from stocks and the -incomes derived
from mines, manufactures, commerce,,or reril
estate, unless it was made up by &ome sort of.
management on the part of the Commissioner,
If he will make any intelligible statement of the
mode in which the Commissioner is going: to-do
this, the intelligence of my, brother ,Senators? is
much greater than mine, bjjt I confess. I do not:
comprehend it. I insist that the Commissioner
has not got any such authority. The bill says
absolutely what shall be deducted and what shall;
not be deducted. It says that the taxation, if.the
incomc exceeds $10,000, shall be 7£ per cent.
Has the Commissioner a right to vary that ? 1
understand not. It then says that on the income-
derived from stocks a man shall not be com-
pelled to pay anything if the company whose
stock he holds has paid the tax. Has the Com-,
missioner or the Secretary of the Treasury any
right to add to or deduct from that? i apprehend
not. The proposition I have submitted here may
be ridiculous, but 1 submit that it is not quite
ridiculous as the proposition which I propose to
amend; and I submit to the judgment of the
Senate on that point.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have a vote at
some time-upon the proviso to section seven on
page 7. I do not know but that it was attended
to when I was not present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Vermont that
that whole section was stiieken out and an amend-
ment inserted.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the new draft be read
that we may see how it stands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment made to that section will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States may divide tlie respective States and Territo-
ries of the United States, arid the District of Columbia, into
convenient collection district?;, and may alter such distwcts
as the public interest** may requite, and may include any
of said States and Territories, find the Di tiict of Colum-
bia, in one district; but the number of di>triet«. in any Statu
shall not exceed the number of Senator* and Representa-
tives to which such btate*toliall be entitled in the present
Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. The substance of the pro-
viso to which I have referred is there. It seems
to me u little difficult to execute this proviso con-
sistently with the present law. By the existing
law the districts were not to be greater in number
than the number of Representatives in the last
Congress; but it further provided that if any State
should have a greater number of Representatives
under the new apportionment, the number of dis-
tricts might be equal to that number of Represent-
atives. It made no provision, however, for States
which would lose under the apportionment, but
it gave them a number of districts equal to the
number of Representatives in the last Congress.
Some of the States have lost in the apportion-
ment. The present bill provides that the number
of districts shall not exceed the number of Sen-
ators and Representatives in this Congress. lam
not prepared to say that there may not be States
which have lost more Representatives by the ap-
portionment than the provision of this bill, in-
cluding their Senators, would make up to them.
I am not prepared to say exactly how that stands;
but I fear that under this provision, which is that
the whole number of districts shall notexceed the
Senators and Representatives in the presentCon-
gress, you may nave to destroy some of the dis-
tricts which are now in existence, which, I take
it, is hardly intended. According to my present
view I do not want the number of districts in-
creased in my State at any rate; and yH if this
provision be adopted there maybe ground to ap-
prehend that result. The Store is conveniently
divided; and I take it other States are conven-
iently divided into collection districts according
to the number of their congressional districts.
Because there may be some few States that want
more districts on account of the extent of their
geographical limits, u is hardly worth while on
th&t account to make-aprovisiolfi that may disturb
the districts in all thfe.States.1 4 !
- When any provision is made by. which any
State cao have more men m office there is mo p'eace
and no.qtiiet in that St&te until the appointments
are made. ^For instance, in the little State in which
I live* where weliave three districts, well enoughf
convenient-enough, the moment a provision like'
this is passed people will see thatany State'may
haveanumberofdistricts'equaltothe number ofits
Senators and Representatives,,.and the effect will
be that the- moment we reach home we .shall be
beset at tince* People w.ill say to ua, Why not
let us have two mere-collectors and two moi*6 as-
sessors and their deputies; other States are going1
•to-have therti under this law; will<you not let the
State of Termont haye them? are you not going
to. help your friends; shall we not. Have m6re
money spent here by it; will there not be $40,000
more paid out by the United States for collectors
and assessors and their deputies, and so on?"
We cannot live under that importunity, we shall
have no peace. I do not want any such impor-
tunities; I do not want to give any occasion for
them. I do not think there is anythingin th« ne-
cessities of the-State that requires that we-should
be thus troubled or that .the Government should
be in any way, or -that we should be put to- the
expense of having such a number of new officers
to l>e paid. I wish, therefore, to have this 'pro-
vision struok out and let the matter stand as the
law now is. 1 take it that provision of the law
has not been repealed, or at any rate we can save
it from the repealing clause in this bill.
,Mr. FESSENDEN. J fear the result would
be to abolish districts in New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Commissioner is
apprehensive of that. The districts in New York
have been decreased by the present apportion-
ment. There are not as many Representatives in
this Congress from New York as there were in
the last.
Mr. COLLAMER. The previous' law was
that the number of districts should not begreater
than the number of Representatives in the last Gon-
gress, except that those States whose representa-
tion was increased by the apportionment of 1860
might have districts according to.the increased
number of Representatives.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. New York has not gained,
it has lost, by the apportionment. The districts
there were made according to the number of Rep-
resentatives in the last Congress. The provision
in the bill as it came from the other House was that
each State should be entitled to the same number
of distncts that it has Representatives in the pres-
ent Congress; and the representation in the pres-
ent Congress is not just what it was m the last.
Mr. COLLAMER. The existing law provides
for the number of districts; andl take it that what-
ever number of districts was made under that law
stands now unless you pays a clause repealing that
portion of the law. The existing law is:
" Provided, Thar the number of districts in any Stale
shall not exceed the number of Representatives to which
&uch State shall be entitled in the present Congress"—
That was the last Congress—
" excepting such States as are enfitledio an increased rep-
resentation in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, in winch States
the number of district* ssliaH not exceed the number of Rep-
resentatives to which the State >hall be so .entitled."
If that law as it stands is not superseded by
any new law the State of New York will have'
the number to which she was entitled under the
then apportionment, and we shall not have to un-
make any district. If you let that law stand as
it is New York will not be deprived of any dis-
trict. My proposition is to leave the existing law
as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's proposi-
tion was to strike out this proviso.
Mr. COLLAMER. And leave the old law to
stand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But by another section
of this bill that law is repealed with certain ex-
ceptions.
Mr. COLLAMER. Wo carr put this provis-
ion among those exceptions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the Senator's prop-
osition was simply to strike out the proviso; and
doing that simply has the effect to ieave no law
upon this particular subject. If it was a part of
