1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENCOURAGEMENT Or IMMIGRATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the spe-
cial committee on immigration, reported back
House bill No. 411, to encourage immigration.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. ASHLEY. Has the morning hour ex-
pired >
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope^the
gentleman from Ohio will indulge me a moment
before he insists on the regular order of business.
I a-m aware that if the gentleman from Indiana
insists upon his question oforder it must send this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but I had hoped that upon a matter
of so much importance he would agree to con-
sider this bill in the House. The bill was referred
to a select committee of five, two of which were
from that side of the House, the colleague of the
gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Law] and the gen-
tleman from the Lexington district of Missouri,
[Mr. Rollins.] The report was unanimous, and
1 hope if the gentleman from Indiana considers
it in the line of his duty that it may be considered
in the House. If that be the understanding I am
willing that it should go over for to-night.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill be considered as
in Committee of the Whole I have no objection
to its being considered in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. Ifthere be no objection, the
bill will be considered by sections in the House,
as in Committee of the Whole.
There was no objection.
Mr. COX. This is an importantbill,and prop-
erly guarded 1 am in favor of it; but I hope
the gentleman will not undertake to call the pre-
vious question upon it without reasonable discus-
sion upon it.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. PIKE. I move to go to the Speaker's
table for the purpose of taking up two bills there.
The motion was agreed to.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 76, relating to appointments in the
naval service,and courts-martial, with an amend-
ment of the House disagreed to by the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 should like to know what
the amendment is.
The SPEAKER. It involves the question
whether United States olficersin the United States
Navy shall or shall not be continued by the
Senate.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the House insist on
its amendment, and ask tor a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House re-
cede from its amendment.
Mr. PIKE. Before the vote is taken I desire
to explain the amendment. The House passed
a bill the other day m relation to appointments in
the Nuvy, making two additional temporary ap-
pointments, that of lieutenant and commander,
both to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy. The Senate amended the bill by striking
uut the commander. Further than that the House
bill contained a provision relative to transfers from
the volunteer to the regular Navy. The object
was to assimilate appointments in the volunteer
Navy to appointments in the volunteer Army;
and it is in furtheianee of the same plan that the
bill now before the House was introduced. The
Senate1 provide Lhat these appointments shall be
made upon confirmation by the Senate. That
would involve very much delay, and it is quite
necessary that these vessels should be sent to sea
as speedilv as possible. Thisamendment, tliere-
foie, piovides lor sinking out that provision of
the Senate bill.
The question being on Mr. Holman's motion
to rec-do, on a division there were—ayes 46,
noes £30; no quomm voting.
Mr. PIKE*called for telleis.
' Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Middleton were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 2!>, ones G5.
So the motion was disagreed to
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Pike, that the House insist on its amend-
ments, and ask for a co.mmittee ot conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The House, by unanimous consent, then took
from the Speaker's table House bill No. 370, to
appoint certain officers of the Navy, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the House insist upon
its disagreement to the amendments of the Senate,
and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
THIS REBEL STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now call up the regular order,
the bill in relation to the reconstruction of the rebel
States.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Norton] is entitled to the
floor. Before he proceeds with his remarks, I
desire to offer a substitute for the bill, that itmay
be printed and come up at the proper time.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man is not at this time in order,a motion having
yesterday been entered by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to recommit the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire again to call the at-
tention of the Speaker to the 134th rule, in rela-
tion to the right of persons to admission on this
floor, which was read this morning, and I see now
is disregarded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the atten-
tion of the officers of the House to the rule re-
ferred to.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent to
have next Wednesday evening set apart for re-
ports on Indian aftaus.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been re-
quested to ask leave of absence for Mi. Sweat,
of Maine, for ten days.
Theie being no objection, leave of absence was
granted.
Mr. NORTON. Mr Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr Pendleton] declared with agieat
deal of earnestness, if not with vehemence, in a
speech which he made m this House the other
day, that if this Republic shall fall to pieces dur-
ing the present rebellion, impartial history would
record the fact that the vengeance of God had
brought this calamity upon us by leason of the
nameless ci lines of the party now in power. Sir,
1 do not believe that this glorious Republic of ours
is destined to destiuetion. 1 believe, on the con-
trary, that we shall conquer our enemies by the
force of arms, and bring them into subjection at our
feet. 1 believe that we shall come out of this severe
trial, the severest through which any nation has
been called to pass, blighter and puier than ever
before, and that for a thousand years we shall
stan das the niodehe public of the world, luci easing
in influence, wealth, and powei, the gloty of the
nations. If, however, we are destined to tail in
this great struggle to maintain oui independence
and our nationality, if we are to present to the
nations of the woild this sad spectacle, then, sir,
I ihink that impartial history will be compelled
to wnte that defeat has fallen upon our banners
and destruction upon our country because that
while our armies were contending iu the field
againsta powei'lul foe,impelled by azeal,aeour-
age, and an enduiance worthy of a better cause,
we have had at the same ti mo a great and power-
ful parLy in our midst contending with all its
energy against evei y measure biought forward
for the purpose of bringing this war to a speedy
and triumphant close.
If we piopose to prosecute the war with vigor
and to put down the rebellion by ioiee^ol arms,
the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. 1'Ernando
Wood] meets us with peace propositions and
tells us that the war is a " hellish crusade of
famine and blood," "commenced in error, carried
on without gloiy, and to be teinunated by the
disintegiation of the Union " And the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] takes up the
strain and tells us that
" At ill) (liiUuitilaj, w Si en the hoiror of tins war can no
I longer be boniejtlie viuulh jiinjHi-iiioii* winch have been
1 made (nut rejected in behali ol'eliliL'liteurd m-uoliatimi and
I a eoietitutioiial leiitoratton will In- gatheied up and hulled
1 at those in power an an acclimation more appalling, ail in-
dictment more damning, than was ever leveled against a
mmderer upon his trial."
Do we seek to replenish the thinned ranks of
our gallant aimies by voluntary enlistments, the
same gentleman from New York taunts us with
the charge that we cannot get men by volunteer-
ing and that the bounties we offer are bribes.
.If we propose to accomplish the same object by
the draft, gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber, almost in a solid mass, vote against
the proposition, and the gentleman from New
York, ever ready to inveigh against the Govern-
ment, complains that we are trying to force men
into theArmy against their will,and his colleague
[Mr. Chanler] declares it unconstitutional. Do
we propose to confiscate the property of the
rebels and thus cripple the enemy in their mate-
rial resources, the same great Democratic party
bring all their power and influence to prevent the
passage of such a wholesome measure; and the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth,}
in justification of their course, tells us that " the
exercise of such a power," even against rebels
in arms, seeking the. life of the Republic, " is inhu-
man, immoral, and infamous!"
Do we propose to set free the slaves of the reb-
els by proclamation or otherwise for the purpose
of cutting off this greatest of all the resources by
which their armies are maintained in the field,
we are met with the stale cliaigo from the other
side of the Chamber that we are doing violence
to States rights, trampling upon ihe Constitution,
and making this a negrp war. Do we propose to
put the negroes into the Army and allow them to
help fight our battles and vindicate tile integrity
of the Republic, they tell us that negioes will
not fight, and that they will disgrace and demor-
alize the Army. In one breath they denounce
the President as an imbecile, and in the next as
a usiii per and a tyrant seeking to establish a des-
potism upon the ruins of his country. Thus are
we met at every point fiom the beginning to the
end of the chapter. And yet the gentlemen will
tell us that we are responsible for tliecontinnnnei;
of the war and for the ruin and desolation that it
carries in its tram. Let the people and the Army
judge between us.
But, sir, let us go back for the past year out-
side of this Hall, and see what has been the course
of the Democratic party m other quarters. And,
sir, when 1 speak of the Democratic party I speak
of it as an organization—a recognized force in the
country. I know there are excellent men among
them; 1 know there arc many Dcmoeiats, who
have not even yet been able to tear themselves
away from the shackles of paity, who are for the
war, and have given it agenerous and noble sup-
port in this House and elsewhere. But I am
speaking of the great mass of the party as it has
stood and acted under its recognized leaders for
the last two years.
Mr. Speaker, a distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, Mr. Vallandigliain, a year ajo was passing
through this country from one end of it almost to
the otTier, denouncing the war—declaring against
the maintenance of the integrity of the Republic;
declaring in favor of the dismemberment of the
Union, and allowing the southern States to go
off and form all independent nation—thus sowing
broadcast the seeds of discoid, disunion, and trea-
son all over the country. He was arrested by
authority of the Government; lie was tried,found
guilty, and as a dangerous man and traitor he-
was banished beyond the hoes.
It appears that even the rebels did not like him,
and he passed by the way of Nassau to the Brit-
ish dominions in Canada. Under the leadeiship
of two distinguished gentlemen of this House
[Mr Cox and~Mr. Pendleton] from Ohio, Val-
landigliain, was nominated by the Democratic
party ot Ohio then-candidate for Govei nor. They
made hull their standard-bearer, they placed then-
flag in his hands, and rallied their foices to bis
support. The Democracy of the gieat_Empne
State of New York indorsed him. The Keystone
Slate followed New York; anu New Jet sey, ever
true toller instincts m favor of slavery and a bald
conservatism, added hername to the list; and indi-
i ana, Illinois, Iowa, and Connecticut all followed^
!j suit,and proclaimed Vallandigiiam the great chief
1 and leader of the Democratic paityand a martyr
1 to fiee speech.
!| Well, sir, the Democratic party rallied to his
il support, and declared that they would make lum
