THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
unteers shall keep a servant to wait on the members of the
mes<?? each servant shrill be allowed one ration.4
" Tills act to take effect from and after its passage."
Earnestly engaged in the struggle for rebellious
success they did not stop to quibble over the color
of the fingers that drew trigger upon the soldiers
of the Union, but wisely determined that help
was what they needed, and whether it came in
th'e shape of white or black men they accepted it
for thegood of their cause. They set us the ex-
ample of arming the negro, and they have no right
to complain if we fight them with weapons of their
own choosing.
At New Orleans prior to the Federal occupa-
tion of the city they had a full regiment of Afri-
can soldiers; and the first colored regiment or-
ganized by General Butler was made of the same
men who had been conscripted under rebel rule
but embraced the first opportunity to desert to us
and declare for the Union.
I do not stop to inquire into the constitution-
ality of the emancipation of Slaves and their em-
ployment in the armies of the Union.
When red-handed treason is grappling at the
throat of the nation it is no time to higgle about
the means of defense. If any man's code of ac-
tion was such that he could not defend himself
from the assault of a robber or an assassin with-
out violating it, he deserves to be mulct or mur-
dered; and if the occasion arose when he must
break his rule or lose his life I should honor his
breach of a creed not worth preserving. And,
sir, if the framers of our Constitution so made it
that our Government was to have no powers of
resistance when assailed by traitors it deserves
the destruction to which such an instrument would
be doomed. Such a construction of it would be
an imputation upon its illustrious authors of an
imbecility which my respect for their memory
will not permitme to indulge. I have no scruples
on that score. I do not believe that when a traitor
raises the sword to strike at the heart of the Union
he has a right to cram the Constitution info the
face of its defender,and say, " You have no right
to take life without due process of law." By the
very act of resistance to it he loses all the bene-
fits which it confers upon the citizen.
I will not insult the memories of those who
framed our Constitution by intimating that they
rmule*a Government which when it most needed
it had least power; committed the supreme folly
of making a Government that could only exist by
sufferance, and was at the entire mercy of any set
of traitors who might seek its destruction. Sir,
they did not do it. It is of the very essence of
Government that it possess the power of self-
preservation, as it is of life that Us possessor has
the light to preserve u by any means which ne-
cessity demands. A Government that does not
possess this right ia a cheat and a shadow. Do
gentlemen who deny the right of this Government
remember the history of their own party ?
The last administration under Mr. Buchanan
spent $20,000,000 in subduing a petticoat rebel-
lion in the mountain-girt Tei ritory of Utah. No
lack of power was found while the rebels con-
sisted of only a large assortment of females, but
when the champions of slaveiy were in arms in-
stead of the exhausted defenders of polygamy,
we suddenly discover a gieat want of power !
But, sir, 1 have a little authority on this sub-
ject which I desire to submit, within the rec-
ollection of all of us, Mr. Chairman, Jefferson
Davis was Secretary of War of the United States.
During the progress of those disgraceful scenes
which reddened the virgin soil of Kansas with the
blood of brothers it pleased the Chief Magistrate of
the nation to declare certain classes of our citizens
there in a state of rebellion. They denied that re-
sistance to the bogus laws forced upon them by a
Legislature elected by a Missouri mob was rebel-
lion; but the Administration claimed that it was,
and Mr. Davis, as Secretary of War, ordered the
military forces of the United Slates to disperse
those people wherever found, and here is an ex-
tract from his letter of instruction to General Per-
sifer F. Smith, then in command of that depart-
ment:
" The position of the insurgents is timt of open rebellion
against the law* and constitutional authorities?, with such
manifestations of a purpose to spread devastation over the
land as no longer justifies further hesitation oi indulgence.
Patriotism and hum.mity alike require that iebellionshould
be promptly crushiu!.,y *
We have heard ofchickens coming home to
roost," and I think a better illustration of this
homely adage was never found than in this case.
What he said in 18561 echo in 1864: " Patriotism
and duty alike require that rebellion should be
promptly crushed." Sir, when he was in authority
and others were supposed to question it no diffi-
culty of a constitutional character was found to
prevent his crushing it; no right of the majority
to prescribe their own government, nowadays
called secession, was permitted to intervene be-
tween rebellion and punishment.
As to the lawful rights of those in the rebellious
territory! have no difficulty. I believe neither in
the doctrine of State rights nor State suicide. A
loyal citizen of this Government cannot have his
rights taken from him by the act of his neighbors.
The result of their action may deprive him of the
means of asserting and exercising them, but they
exist in him legally unimpaired. And a man who
repudiates his duties to this Government can, in
my opinion, claim nothing from it. The doctrine
that a State can commit political suicide is com-
pletely answered by thatprovision oftheConsti-
tution which says that the " United States shall
guaranty to every Slate in this Union a repub-
lican form of government." Itismade our duty
to preserve what a majority of the citizens of a
State might seek to destroy, the integrity of the
form of the State government; and so long as one
man within its limits stands by his allegiance and
defies the rule of rebellion, he lias a right to claim
from this Government the enforcement of the
covenant.
Entertaining these views, I have no hesitation
in indorsing the plan of the President for restor-
ing the State governments. It looks to their pres-
ervation instead of annihilation, and presents a
practical plan by which the constitutional guar-
antee can be made effective. The preliminary oath
required seems to me to be withoutobjection. The
complaint that it is an imputation upon the loy-
alty of a faithful citizen seems fi ivolous. As well
mighta man claim that to require an oath to speak
the truth as a prerequisite to delivering testimony
in a court of justice was an impeachment of his
veracity. This tenderness about taking extra-
constitutional oaths has its origin in a sympathy
for traitors which I llunk is too apparent to be
misunderstood.
But our friends on the other side insist upon
having the " Union as it was and the Constitution
as it is;" a very pretty ad captandum phrase, but
in my humble opinion a very senseless one. Are
our friends in earnest when they say that they
want another rule like that which swayed this
Government under Buchanan ? Do they desire to
witness the recurrence of those disgraceful events
which brought a stain upon our national honor
which can never be wiped away ? Are they willing
even for the sake of the spoils to see us again
wallowing in the slough of infamy into which the
Inst Administration plunged this nation ? Do they
hunger so for the flesh-pots of Egypt that they
are willing to see us piosnating every interest,
State and national, to the perpetuation and foster-
ing of that foul curse and reproach to the Repub-
lic, human bondage; when Cobb squandered the
public moneys till the public. Treasury became
bankrupt, ami your bonds fell to seventy-five
cents on the dollar in a time of profound peace;
when Thompson embezzled the funds which had
been sacredly intrusted to his care to aid in the
humane and charitable purpose of elevating the
savage from a state of barbmism to that of civili-
zation; when Floyd remained in authority that
ho might rob and steal on a scale commensurate
with his unrivaled capacity; when, in fact,every
Department had become so corrupt that the whole
fabric tame nigh tumbling to pieces fiom its own
rottenness? No, sir. They will paidon me when I
say I doubt their sniccnty. "The Union as it
was?"as well might you seek to crowd the con-
dor who soars among the snowy summits of the
Andes into the tiny shell from which he sprang,
as to replace the American Union in the same po-
sition which it occupied prior to this rebellion.
Sir, these three long years of bloody, wasting,
devastating war have not taught us a useless les-
son. The noble martyrs who have gone down
in this fierce struggle for the nation's existence and
regeneiation have not made their last sacrifice for
the barren, fiuuless result of restoring the very
condition of things which superinduced the strife.
It was for no such ignoble purpose that the gal-
lant Lyon died on the plain of Springfield, or that
other martyr from my own far-off State, the lion-
hearted, the eloquent Baker, whose biave words
rang through this nation like a trumpet-blastcall-
ing its people to the defense of the national honor.
It was for no such trifling purpose that he fell,
the murdered victim of a traitorous commander-
in-chief. Go ask the martyred brave who people
the graves that line the swamps of the Peninsula
and rest in the lonely to'mbs that rise'on the banks
and bayous of the Mississippi,if they are willing
that their sacrifices should end in replacing the
Union in the same condition it was when this
wanton, bloody, and infamous rebellion began.
It is enough to make them start from their dust
to suggest the inquiry. After our terrible expe-
rience in taming this monster of slavery we are
not going to leave the serpent with his fangs un-
drawn. The people of this nation, who have
yielded up so much of life and treasure in this
wicked rebellion, will never be content until they
can know that its recurrence is impossible, and
gentlemen might as well talk of recalling the past
or of reanimating the fallen dead as to talk of the
Union as it was.
Mr. Chairman, I am for the Union with every
star in its place, redeemed, regenerated, and puri-
fied, as it will be by this war.
And now, sir, I wish to make a few observa-
tions in regard to our duty here.
This war has shown one thing clearly, and that
is, that the people on both sides are in earnest.
And I may add that if in this respect there is any
difference, the rebels are more thoroughly in earn-
est than are we. Myself a native of a southern
State, and knowing the spirit that animates that
people, I can understand the desperate energy
which they have thrown into this contest. 1 do
not believe the tales that have from time to time
been told us with regard to the affection of the
people for the Union and their forced submission
to the rebellion. They are, in my opinion, the
most thoroughly united people in this contest that
ever thiew down the gage of battle. Every
slaveholder is fighting with the despeiation of de-
spair to retain his property; and the poor white
man who serves in the ranks is fighting with no
less determination to prevent being placed by the
law on an equality with the slave. It may be said
that this latter feeling is all prejudice, and 1 may
grant it. Still it is a fact; and for proof of the
strength and bitterness of that prejudice, I appeal
to loyal members from the slave States who sit
around me.
In my observation the bitterest and most un-
reasonable pro-slavery men are those who never
owned a slave and never will. However wrong
they may be, they will remain so till this war has
been fought through.
And right here, Mr. Chairman, let me say that
I cannot agree with those humane ideas so fre-
quently advanced on the other side of the House
that you ought not to confiscate the property of
the rebel in arms—that by doing so you drive him
from repentance and prolong the war. I cannot
comprehend the principle which permits us to
take life with Christian propriety but is shocked at
the thought of taking property; and, sir, if we can
take life " without process of law," as a means
of putting down this rebellion, can we not take
property for the same purpose? As to our con-
fiscating property being an incentive to them to
continue the contest, they had thrown their all
into the contest before, and nothing but success
could save it to them.
But to return to the subject. To-day, with all
his defeats and reverses, Jeff. Davis defies us with
the bestarmy that the confederacy has seen—men
who when set in the stern strife of battle are the
equals of any in the wide world. The rebellion
is compressed, cramped, but it is not broken; and
gentlemen deceive themselves who think we are
to have an early and easy conquest. A single mis-
fortune to Grant or Meade might place us next
autumn no nearer our object than weaie to-day;
and, sir, I believe that it is out duty to look the
danger that threatens in the face and prepare to
meet the most tremendous shock of this war.
Why was it that Rosecrans lay for months at
Stone river after his hard-won victory and the re-
treat of Bragg? It was his want of men and means
to follow. Why was it, when the gallairt army of
the Potomac had hurled back the discomfited le-
gions of Lee on the bloody lulls of Gettysburg,
