mm
THE CONCrRBSSKMiAI/ GLOSfii
June 4,
IVis idefe-to -adoptnthe old law in.this respect, he
did not suggest it by .way of amendment. The
slate m en t-ef, the Commissioner was on the sup-
positioatthaUhe, old law was to be repealed, and'
this bill to be- adopted in lieuiof it; andwhat he
said was perfectly' true,- that the effect of leaving
it in that way would"ba.to dispense with, one dis-
trict in NewiYork; If the Senator-proposes to
provide far that: ease, 1 Have np objection to his
amendment, fori surely I do not. want to increase
the/number of districts. I have the same objec-
tion to. that that he haSj though I do not anticipate
any such difficulty, as lie supposes'; I do not
think we stall be teased into making new offices
for (K<ir frirmi.9 contrary to. the public interest;
and I am sure that the.East -man to do. anything
of-tbat sort would bemy friend from Vermont.
.Mr. HENDERSON. I move that tl\e Senate
i\ SUMNER and Mr. McDOUGALL  d~
<Sres*eibthe Clwair. • • :'
'•.Mr.-SUMNER. Before the motion is put, if
the Senator from Missouri. 
■ i^ir. HENDERSON/ t withdraw the motion
temporarilly., • ■ ..-i
1Y1 r.SUMNER.I wasgoingto ask that this bill,
with, all the ameiidrofentsf.be'pmntcdfor the use of
the Senate, thai we mayfitidlt on our tables on
Montfay. It. seems to me that we have arrived
at such-d .stage now that in order to act advan-
tageously and definitively upon it, Wb ought to
see the1 bill with the amendments.
• Several.Senators. It cannot be done.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill can be printed I have
no doubt; at any rate an attempt call be made to
print it.
Mr. CONNESS. It Would n'ot be-very profit-
able-to make an attempt at printing and fail. 1
would like to ask the Senatorfrom Maine whether
there are not a number of a'mendments not yet
asted.vmon in the Senate.
• Mr. FESSENJDEN. None of the amendments
made ill committee have been acted on. The idea
was simply this, and I think it was a very correct
one in a bill of this kind, that the Senate, in com-
mittee, having made a great many amendments,
if .any Senator desired a separate vote on any one
tlilt had been adopted in committee, -he might
have it, and after that process Imd been gone
through with, then the amendments should be
adopted in a body.
Mr. CONN ESS. That vote has not been reached
yet.
Mr. FJBSSENDEN
It has not been reached
because Senators have not got through presenting
amendments.
Mr. CONNESS. Then 1 do not see the pro-
priety of printing the bill now.
. Mr. FiKSSENDEN. Now that I am np I will
say that 1 tun very anxious to get through the
bill to-night, unless gentlemen are disposed—'—
Mr.MuDOUGALL. 1 ask the floor on a ques-
tion of business belonging to the day, not for gen-
eral discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that I am
entitled to the floor at the present time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly, if the Chair
says so. 1 sought the floor some time since.
Alt. FESSENDEN. The process is a very
simple one. Ordinarily, when we have bills of
any size, we call upon Senators to except or re-
quest a separate vote upon any particularnmend-
ment, and the rest of them are adopted in a body.
In this easel thought it would be more fair to the
Senate, instead of following the usual course, as
Senators might not recollect precisely the amend-
ments on which they might wi.ih to have a sep- |
arate vote, to leave all the amendments open and j
allow Senators to go thiough and move for a sep- j
arate vote on such as they desired to have voteil on, !
and when that was gone through with to adopt
the rest in a body. It was only reversing the !! motion.
Whsrt that is through, then adopt the amend-
ments.' I will say to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that i'have given, I believe, every clause-
a careful attentjon from'the beginning to the end
of the billy k> have the' other members of tj|e
committed; and I think the bill stands m a very
good shape at the present time, and there is no
need of our losing two or three days, as we must'
if "we adopt his suggestion. It would take the
clerks a couple of days, I presume, with hfard
work to prepare the bill to send it to'the printer
in the first place, and it would take two rhore
certainly to print it, and we' should gain nothing
(then in'my judgment.' 1 hope, therefore, thatany
motion of that sort'will not be-adopted.
But one thing rhore." I am very desirous of
closing the bill to-night. If we are evSr to get
through-'with this session and'do the business,
we'had better Borne to the conclusion'tfhat we will
■finish it. ' ■ ' ■
' Mr. Me-DOU'GALL. I ask- tfte 'cKnirmnn/'Af
the'committee to allow me lo:move an amend-
ment which11 desire to make", as it will not be
possible for me to be here this evening1.' I be-
lieve'with the Senator 
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Certainly the Senator
will have a chance in a moment, if he will wait
until I gel through, as I have told him once or
twice before.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to say that 1
know some Senatois have engagements for thisr
evening, supposing that there would bo no night
session on Saturday night, it not being usual. I
think we can have an understanding that on Mon-
day we shall sit this bill out and have a night
session if necessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We ought not to require
any understanding to sit it out; aiidatthis period
of the session I do not think that one day, and
the importance of one day to the revenue of the
country, (which, as the Senator knows, is prob-
ably half a million dollars,) should yield to the
mere fact that some Senators have engagements
for this evening. 1 do not think it any aigument
at all. I should like to go through with the bill
and close it, and in my judgment the sooner we
do it the better. , If Senators will exercise a little
forbearance on the subject, and believe that after
all they may not know with so very great exact-
ness that a thing is positively wrong, and that
whnt is wrong may be amended by the commit-
tee of conference -when they come to consultation,
and look at the whole bill from beginning to end,
we shall get it. through a great dea! sooner than
otherwise. I propose to sit right on now.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 hope the Senator will
not insist on anything of that sort. 1 am aware
that there are a great many amendments yet. to
he offered, and the Senator says he is perfectly
willing to give every member an opportunity. J
have none myself, but I know there are several
amendments to be offered that will take a good
deal of time. And 1 desire to suggest another
fact to the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
that there are some Senators in doubt as to the
true state of the bill at the present time, and if
they have an opportunity between now and Mon-
day morning to examine it, it is my opinion that
we shall save tune. I see no probability of get-
ting through with it to-night. They really do
not know the character of the amendments, and
in offering amendments they do not know exactly
how to word them. Either print the bill or give
them an opportunity between now and Monday
morning to examine it, so tlmt they ean so shape
Iheir amendments as to take but little lime in Ihe
Senate, and with that view I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I appeal to the Senator
from Missouri 
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot withdraw the
usual process, and affording Senators a better op-
portunity on a bill of this description.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator from
Maine will allow me, I have Sought to make a
particular amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am desirous of afford-
ing the Senator an opportunity. I do not want
to push the bill too persistently, but to leave it
open a sufficient length of time until every Sen-
ator is satisfied that he has made his motion upon
every point upon which lie desires to make it. i
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and fourteen voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to debate the question.
Mr. DAVIS. lam not, going to debate it. I
have no objection to the question being taken on
this bill on Monday, and that it be sat out on
Monday, but 1 want to offer some amendments,
and f want to say something upon the bill, and
it is impossible to'get through with it to-night.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—:yeas 16,' nays 21; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. BUCkalew. Coiiamer, Cowan, Davis,
Grimes, Hale, Hal lis, Kendeison, Hendricks, Powell, Ram-
sey, KictiartWon, Sherman, Stimnei, Van Winkle, and Wil-
kinson—IS.
If AVS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Clark, Conness, Doo-
littltf, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of" Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Ten I^yrk,Wade,Wilk'y: and Wilson—91.
AliSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Dixon, Harding,
Hieks, Nesmith, t'omeroy, Riddle, SauKbury, Sprague,
Trumbull, and Wright—12.
So the Senate refused to adjourn. ' .
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 move on page 
'' Mr. COLLAMER, I believe I had a motion
pending.
■' The PRESIDENT pro tempoi-e. The Senator
dirt' nfrt- indicate What be desired stricken out.
The Chfiir will recognize the Senator from Ver-
tjdfJht. ' '
: Mr. COLLAMER. If J understand it aright
the seventh section was stricken out and another
oh<! putin the place of it; and which other one
has the same proviso in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has not any
proviso in it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the great and
essential difference between this section and the
other consists'in the difference between but"
, and " provided." This one has the word " but"
and the otherhas the word" provided." Is that
what the Chair means ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
means that there is no proviso m it, and he desires
the Senator to indicate the words which he wishes
to have stricken out. If the Clerk has got it, the
. Chan- is entirely satisfied. The words which the
Cleik understands are to be stricken out will be
read.
The Secretary. Itis moved to strike out the
following words in section seven :
Hut the number of districts in nriy State shall not eteeed
t'ne number ol'Senutors and Representatives to winch sueil
State t-hall be entitled in liie present Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the existing law
to remain on that subject, and 1 was awaie and
said that I did not,know the manner in which the
lepeal of different sections and the reservation of
different sections from repeal was prepared and
presented by thePrcsidingOffieer. 1 could notsee
exactly how that stood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
will patdon the Chair, the Chair will state to the
Senator from Vermont that he can move to strike
out these words, and to insert here the words of
the former law.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that will effect my pur-
pose, I move, then, to strike out the words which
lusve been read, and insert in lieu thereof the pro-
viso in the former act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
read.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will not answer, be-
cause it was drawn up in the last Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can alter it and make it read " the Thirty-Seventh
Congress" instead of " the present Congress."
The words which the Senator desires to have in-
serted will be read from the desk, so that the Sen-
ate may understand it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Provided, That tile number of districts in any State shall
not exceed {lie number ot' Representatives to wiiieli such
State was entitied in the Tlurry-Seveiilll Congiess, except
in such .State-; as :ne entitled to an increased tepiesenta-
turn in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, in which States the
number ofilistiicts shall not exceed Use number of Repre-
sentatives to which .my sueli State lllaj be so entitled . jind
provided j uither. That til the State ol California tile Pi evi-
dent may establish a number of districts not exceeding the
number of Senators and itepiesentattves to wliieii said
State was entitled in the Thirty .Seventh Congress.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am willing to stay here
to anything like reasonable time to let this b'l! go
through, but I am well satisfied that it cannot
probably pass to-night, and therefore 1 renew the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. HENDRICKS Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure we all see that it
is very important to have this bill passed at the
earliest possible day, and I suppose it can be un-
derstood generally by the Senate that the bill will
