1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
710
that With victory, Providence, and the " patri-
otic Potomac" on our side, he yet escaped safely
into Virginia ? It was because we had not the men
and the means to follow. And lastly, when, be-
neath the banner of Grant, the gallant Hooker—
who was robbed of the glory and the laurel of
Gettysburg—stormed the cloud-capped heights of
Lookout Mountain, and rolled back the tide of the
enemy upon the plains of Georgia, why was it
that the results of the splendid triumph were lost?
It was because we were still without men or
means to follow.
And shall this chapter of failures teach us no
lesson, or shall we gather from the experience the
wisdom which shall bring triumph to the future?
Then, sir, let us vote men and money. Provide
the means of .filling the ranks of the Army, not
by tempting men by the sordid motives of pay
and bounty, but by that stern call which every
nation has a right to make on its people when its
existence is at sjake-—recruit them until success
must crown their arms.
Sir, our national credit is already groaning be-
neath the accumulating debt. We cannot afford
to prolong this war. Every day of its continu-
ance adds more than its million dollars to the
publicdebt.and weraust close this strife by quick
subjugation flr provide for a collapse of the na-
tional ciedit. We can end this war in the next
campaign. I think my military friend from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] could draw an act which, if placed
on the statute-book, would end all organized re-
bellion within the next ten months. And I will
add that I am ready to vote for just as stringent
a conscription law as he has the courage to ask
for. And while we are voting buncombe resolu-
tions about increased wages to the soldiers, 1 hope
we shall have a tax bill to provide the money.
When the gentleman from Indiana offered his
resolution to raise the pay of soldieis, uncon-
scious that I was left entirely alone, I voted in
the negative. I did it, sir, because we were in-
formed that the demands upon our Treasury al-
ready crowded its resources; and I was unwilling
to promise to pay men who had not asked it
money that we did not have, and did not know
that we could get. I am for filling the Treasury
first, and will talk of distributing the contents
afterwards.
I pledge myself here and now to stand by every
movement which has for its purpose the replen-
ishing of the Army and the Treasury. I will
support the President, while, with an honesty of
purpose and a clearness of vision which prove
him one of the most illustrious men of modern
times, he molds and directs the plans which are
to throttle this devilof rebellion; and having thus
humbly struggled to do my duty here go home
to the noble young State which sent me here and
tell the Union-loving people who live among her
mountains and valleys that when misfoitune came
I at least had sought to provide against it to the
best of my ability.
Now, Mr. Chairman,1 wish to say a few words
in reference to the pending amendment which has
been advocated by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Dawson.] My people are more than
any other affected by the change in the standard
of value, and yet they have made no complaint.
Very many of them are cheerfully serving in the
Army of the United States and receiving as pay
what is equivalent to not more than seven dollars
a month, and at places where it requires nearly
seven dollars a day to live. Notwithstandingthat
such is the case, and that gold is the standard of
value recognized in that country, I have not re-
ceived a petition from a single soldier asking that
they should be paid in gold and not in green-
backs.
Now, I put it to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Dawson] and those who agree with
him that when those men are willing to receive
greenbacks, the lawful currency of the United
States, there is no good ground of complaint to
induce us to amend the bill as proposed.
Mr. C. A. WHITE obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. CRAVENS, who moved that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, §f Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union hud had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly bill of the
House No. 151, making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 18C5,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of theTreasury, transmitting tabular state-
ments of the commissioners appointed by the
President under the several acts for the release of
certain person^ held to service in the District of
Columbia; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PENALTIES AGAINST TRAITORS.
Mr. IIIGBY asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill to exclude traitors and alien ene-
mies from the courts of the United States in civil
cases, and from the public lands.
Mr. PENDLETON objected.
Mr, CRAVENS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon the House (at four o'clock and
fifteen minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 18, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
Thp Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petition of seven
hundred and eighty-five citizens of New York,
asking Congress to pass such laws as will put the
soldiers of our Army on the same footing as to
bounty, pay, and pension, without regard to dif-
ference of the complexion. Asa bill on that sub-
ject is before the Senate, I move that the petition
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of Lieu-
tenant William L. Church, of Iowa, asking to be
indemnified for property destroyed by the Sioux
Indians under the lead of lnkpa-dutah, at Spirit
Lake, in the year 1857; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Nancy M. Gunsally, for
merly widow ofLyntan M. Richmond, praying for a renewal
of pension or hall" pay on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Comimttfe on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. ANTIIONY, it was
Ordered, That Cornelius Wendell have leave to with-
draw Ins petition and other papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Ag-
ricultuie, to whom was referred the petition of
BeiendtA. Froiseth, praying for the enactment
of suitable laws for the encouragement of immi-
gration, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 125) to encourage immigration. The bill
was rsad and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. G4) to incorpo-
rate the North American Land and Emigration
Company, reported it back and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK,from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
George W. Fish, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered as consul of the United States from
the 1st day of April, 1861, to 30th of August, 1861,
asked to be discharged from its ftfrther consider-
ation; which was .agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
32) granting lands to the State of Michigan for
the construction of a wagon road for postal and
military purposes, have instructed me to report
it back, and recommend that it do not pass, upon
the ground that it interferes with the grant to a
railroad company in 1856.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was refened a bill (H. R.
No. 228) confirming the title of Joseph Ford to
certain lands in Rice county, in the State of Min-
nesota, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to prinl
three thousand copies of the Navy Register, have
instructed me to report it back and recommend
itsPassage- I ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the Navv Re-
gister be printed for the use of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
126) to amend "An act to incorporate the inhab-
itants of the city of Washington," passed May
15, 1820; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
INTERNAL REVENUE. . *
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 122) to increase the
internal revenue,and forotherpurposes, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That tho Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said hill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agiee to the conference asked by the House on tile dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Oulered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fes-
sendee. Mr. Howe, and Mr. Johnson.
ALMOND D. FISK.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 112, for the relief of the heirs of
Almond D. Fisk, deceased, for the purpose of re-
committing it to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office. It is a bill which was recom-
mitted to that committee on my motion a day or
two since; but at the request of the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] I allowed it to be recon-
sidered. I want it recommitted, because there is
an adverse interest that has not been heard; and
it is eminently proper that that interest should be
heard before the committee rather than before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of proceeding to the considera-
tion of the bill indicated in his motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island now moves that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. HOWE. I do not like to have it recom-
mitted; but if I can have any assurance that the
adverse interest to which the Senator refers wiK
be here to be heard in any reasonable time, I shall
not be disposed to resist it. The fact is this ap-
plication was made here at the last session of Con-
gress. The Committee on Patents then heard it,
and reported a bill; and it passed the Senate bya
very decided vote. At the opening of this ses-
sion it was again recommitted to the Committee
on Patents, and this adverse interest has not ap-
peared here yet, in fact, except by proxy. Un-
less the Senator can give some assurance that this
hearing can be had within a reasonable time, I
think it unreasonable to ask this delay.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot give any assur-
ance that the adverse interest will come here to
protect his rights; hut I give this assurance, that
if the person does not come here I shall not press
any unreasonable delay. But thereis an interest
that has not been represented here. Now it has
got to be represented. It must be Insard some-
where. This Senate will not pass a bill affecting
any vested light withoutgiving the parties a hear-
ing; and certainly for the convenience of the Sen-
ate and all propriety for its hearing before the
committee ratherthan before the Senate. I know
nothing about the merits of the case; but I know
there is an important adverse interest that has
not been represented, and that it is not the fault
of that party that he has not been represented.
He had reason to believe that this matter was not
to be reported upon.
Mr. HOWE. When will he be here?
Mr. ANTHONY. TlieSenator from Wiscon-
