1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
>2H1
be acted on finally in the course of Monday.
While I was in the Senate before—I do notknow
what has been .the practice since—these under-
standings were frequently entered into and were
always complied with.* 1 do notknow whether
it would be proper to make the motion formally,
-but I shall vote for the motion to adjourn, as far
as I am concerned, with a determination to bring
the bill to a final vote in the dourse of Monday.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Althbugh' no" debate is
allowed on a question of adjournment 
Mr. HENDRICKS." I withdraw the motion,
if the Senator desires to make any remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say simply that
I have no motive to push gentlemen, as I think
they will give me credit for, for I have sat here as
patiently as I think any other member of the Sen- !
ate would have b.een able to sitduring the number !
of days, eleven days, that we have been debating
this bill, a large part of it in the evening. I deem
it of very great importance that we should finish
this bill speedily if we are to pass it atall; and my
great objection to adjourning is that Senators are
very apt when they begin a day to think there is
plenty of time before them, and to discuss every
question at very considerable length, even after it
is very well understood by all who are disposed
to understand it, I have no confidence that if we
adjourn over to Monday we shall finish it on Mon-
day. 1 think it will be just as likely then to last
all next week as it was on Monday last to keep
on through this week, from the disposition to dis-
cuss and rediscuss, to open and reopen, to recon-
sider every question that has been passed upon
by the Senate several times, and on which the
opinion of the Senate has been definitely and dis-
tinctly expressed over and over again. If that is
to be done over and over again in separate and*
new shaf>e on these matters which arc so inter-
esting, the Senate can see just as well as I can
that there is no such thing as getting to the end of
it. Of course it is of no more consequence tome
than to every other Senator.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Maine that so far as I am concerned 1 will
enter into no pledge of getting through with it on
Monday. If 1 think it proper for me to discuss
the bill in all its details, 1 will take such time as
may be involved in that discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt of that,
and I think it vei y likely that disposition may he
general; i cannot n-ll precisely; bur if Senators
are disposed fo aid in passing the bill instead of
aiding in protracting the session by protracting
discussion, we must come to a conclusion soon;
otherwise we must go on to such time as Sena-
tors determine. For my part, I have only to say
that while I have tried very sedulously to get
through in some sort of season, still aiFotdmg
ample opportunity for all discussion on the sub-
ject, 1 have rather come to the conclusipn that 1
may as well e^aae all my efforts in that direction
and let the bill float according to the disposition
of Senators for the future.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not desire that the
Senator from Maine or any other Senator shall
suppose that 1 have made an unreasonable mo-
tion. In my view of this matter this bill is a
very lengthy one in the first [dace; the amend-
ments pioposed to the House bill by the Com-
mittee of F.nance weie very lengthy, many of
them, and very numerous. They wore* printed
however, and we could master them; we could
know something about them; hut i think the
eouise of the Committee on Finance has been very
proper, no question about it; but an extraordi-
nary one. The bill has now as I shouldjudge, as
near as I can guess, one fourth of matter that has
been brought into it by the Committee on Finance
since the leportof that committee, which has not
been printed, which we can only know about by
having heard it read. We scarcely understand
it sometimes then. Surely the Senator will ad-
mit that the Committee on Finance in introducing
new amendments during this week has occupied
more of the time of the Senate than all otherSen-
ators put together. If the rest of us ask a reason-
able time to know something about the changes
that the committee has made m this bill certainly
it will not be regarded as unreasonable, and there-
for-' i renew my motion to adjouin.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
at'lourned.
UQXJSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 4, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
' The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VAWS OF UTAH. .
Th6 SPEAKER laid before the Hmise~the1aws
of the Territory "of Utah; Which were referred' to
the Committee on Territories., ami1 ordered to l^e
printed. ....
FRENCH OCCXTPATIOX <JE U^ICO. ,
Mr. DAVISi of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to pre-,
sent a report from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs relative to the correspondence between' this
country and France, referred to that committee a
few days ago, not with a view to its considera-
tion, but merely to have it printed and recom-
mitted to the committee to await its regular order.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw his
objection. 1 do not contemplate gaining any ad-
vantage, but only to have the report printed for
the use of the' House when it comes up to be con-
sidered when the committee is regUfcirly called
for reports. :
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot withdraw my ob-
jection.
WARREN W. GREEN.
ts' Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back Senate
biil No. 217, for the relief of Warrcu W, Green,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall pay, hut of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Warren W. Green
the sum of $47 79, being for his^services on the
Fort Kearney and Iioney Lake wagon road in
the year 1857.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to iccouaiderbe laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
It 13PORT OF POSTMASTER GENERAL.
Mr. A. W, CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution, on
which he demanded the previous question:
ResohcI} Thatone thousand extia copies of the jopoitof
tin* ['o-Mm.i'-tei (ji*iier«il5 and appendix, be pilnted for tlie Use
of the Po.-t Oflici- Department.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oid'Ted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 32,
noes 8; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. Will the type for this report
have to be resef?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I do not know.
Mr. WILSON. As chairman of the Committee
on Piinfmg I think the gentleman ought to have
informed himself, so that he could inform the
House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the resolution be
laid on the uble.
The SPEAFvER. That motion is not now m
order.
Mr. A. W. CLARK demanded tellers on the
adoption of the resolution.
Tellers weie ordered;and Messrs. A. W. Clark
and Cravens were appointed.
The resolution was adopted; the tellers having
repoited—ayes 68, noes 25.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to leconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT FOR 1863.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution, arid
demanded the previous question on its adoption;
ResolvedK That there be primed, by the Supeiintwndent
of Public Pi mting. fine bundled and filly Thou-iuid e\lm
copies of the annual repo;t for 1S83ot the ConmnsMonerof
Agricultuie, with the accompanying documents, lor the use
of the present iiou&e, and thirty thousand extra copies for
distribution by that Department, wity tbaengr^viings inter-
Sper^ed throughout the iVoiuutesiAd thei,r proper places.; and
thaj'five hundred copies shall be-prh^tfid for tius use,of
Department on fifty-si^ pound pai>t*k, v -
' Mr. KELLOGG, 'of Mithigtfn. fadk? the gen-
tleman to withdraw iHe "^ei^and foi; previous
question, so that t rpay^maye ah amendment..
Mr. A. W.'CLARlS.-, I withdrawat for that
purpose.-- i ' • ■'« ' ' '''.V
tyir., KELLOGG, of Michigan. £<noy£ to re-
duce the number of copies to be distributed- by
the'TDeipfcrttfteht of4 Agricultural teathousand.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan,.demanded:tell-
ers.
Tellers were not, ordere^.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 40.
So.the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr, A.; W, CLARK moted to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to £^coiv?ider be laid
on the table. - s
The latter motion was agreed to'. '
„ IDAHO. , ,
Mr. CRAYENS. I ask urtanimous consent
to report back from the- Committee on Territo-
ries House bill No. 486, to .amend an ace entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government'for
the Territory of Idaho."
Mr. SPALDING. ' I object. ,
MESSAGE FftOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informed the House that the Senate has
passed, without amendment, an act (II. II. No.
455) to punish and prevent the counterfeiting of
coin of the United States. , ' .
Also, on act (H. R. No. 293) to provide for
the payment of the third regiment, third brigade,
Ohio volunteer miltUn, during the tune th<-y were
mustered into the service of the United States,
p ICRSON A L - KXPL AN ATION.
Mr. GARFIELD. 'ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to ivi^kea personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr, Speaker, I shall oc-
cupy the attention of the House but a few mo-
ments. I regret to detain the House by a, matter
personal to myself, and there is nothing I so
much deprecate as a difficulty between members,
and especially between members of so small1 a
family as that of the delegation upon this floor
from Ohio. However, from what occurred here
last evening', I deem it a duty to myself and to
truth to make a persona! explanation.
It may have been observe'd'that I displayed un-
usual earnestness and perhaps some heat in my
remarks on the bankrupt bill last evening; and in
order to set myself right before the House in re-
gard to (lie whole matter 1 wish to have read a
letter wlfich will in partexplain theieason of my
earnestness. In the first place, I ask the Clerk
to read a sbp which was inclosed in the letter to
which I refer, and which will serve as a part of
the history of the transaction. The slip is an ad-
vertisement cut from one of the leading dailies of
{he city of Cleveland a short time after my col-
league [Mr. Spaldwg] moved the appointment
for the select committee on bankruptcy.
The Clerk read the slip, which was as follows:
"Bankrupt Law.—Persons who are devious that a
bankrupt law should pu.^o the present M's-lon of Centres,
and aie willing to aid in the matter, will confer a favor by
adducing VV. 0., Post Olhce, Cleveland, Ohio, when fur-
ther nil'uimarion will hi; given.
4< Cleveland, Januaiy 9*2} 1864 "
Mr. GARFIELD. It appears that an insolv-
ent debtor, seeing the advertisement, addressed a
letter to " W. C." asking for farthe?information,
and the letter I now desire to have read is in re-
sponse.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Ashland, Ohio, January 27,1864.
DearSir: Your letter to VV. C. was lorwaided tome
hnre. Although J do bu-ine^ in Cleveland, my family live
here. There ha* been formed a General Bankrupt Asso-
ciation, headquarters m New Yot k. [have been appointed
by tiie association to correspond, &.c., in Ohio, aiui am
devoting my tune to it i me of charge. The executive
committee is now in Washington looking to the matter;
they find it rieees-aiy to ^ecuie the influence of influential
prisons o> aid in the* matter. They require about three or
four thousand dollar-' at mice to pay ♦ xpuiMis, See., at
\\>shii!«ton. Mm aregeuemliy payingfroin five toiwenty
dollars tor tins object. Also, I inclose you a blank note
t<  bo tilled up payable only if tin* lawia pa««ed. It wiilrfe-
