1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
38th Cong. ... 1 st Sess.
Occupancy of Confiscated Estates—Mr. Cowan.
Senate.
of a brother, the second threatens the yoke of a
master. Or are we obliged now to exchange the
hopes we had of southern Union men for that
other and miserable hope in the negro? Is he all
that is left of loyalty in the South, and the only
ally we can rely upon to aid us in restoring the
Union ? Ye gods 1 what have we come to at last?
Either to yield to an unholy rebellion, to dismem-
ber an empire, or to go into national companion-
ship with the negro. Is this the alternative to
which our madness has brought us?
Mr. President, these things are enough to drive
a sane man mad. After all our pretension, all our
boasting, how absurd will we appear in the eyes
of all other nations if we fail in this struggle!
Especially as almost all the measures about which
we have occupied ourselves for the last three years
have been based upon our success already as-
sumed as a fixed fact. We provided for confis-
cating the estates of rebels before we got posses-
sion; we emancipated slaves befoie we got them
from their masters, and we provided for the dispo-
sition of conquests we have not made; we have dis-
posed of the skin of the bear and the bear itself
is yet uncaught. All this we have put upon the
record; the statute-book will bear witness against
us in all coming time; and we cannot escape the
consequences if we fail.
Mr. President, our Government was intended
to be one of law, preeminently of law. There was
to be nothing in the administration of it left to the
arbitrary will of an individual or individuals. This
was its merit, or intended so, par excellence. I
am for preserving its character in that respect
strictly. Let no man, from the President down to
the most petty officer, dare to do any thing,whether
to friend or enemy, except as warranted by law.
Let us make war according to law, and let us
have peace according to law. If we fight a bel-
ligerent enemy, let us do it according to the law
of nations. If we punish or restrain a refractory
citizen, let us do it by the law of the land, by
" due process of law. Had we had faith in our
Constitution and lawsand our people, we had not
been in our present condition. Had we made war
and war alone, the loyal people North and South
to a man would have been with us. The voice
of faction,if not entirely hushed, would have been
harmless. The capital of the demagogue would j
have been worthless, and the nation would have :
been irresistible. Had we treated the negro as i
the Constitution treats him, as a person, as an- !
other man; had we made no distinction or differ- [
ence between him and other citizens, we had not j
aroused against him that tribal antipathy which
will be far more likely to destroy him than a
false philanthropy will be likely to elevate him in
the scale of being. If he was friendly to us, the
same use could have been made of him that we have
made; we could have enlisted him in our armies
now as we have been enlisting him in our Navy
for long years. We could have received him as
a volunteer, if he was able-bodied, without looking"
to his complexion, and we could have drafted him
without inquiring into the relations which ex-
isted between him and his master, any more than
we inquire into the relations of the white man of
twenty years of age with his parent or his guardian.
State laws adjusted all those questions, but to the
United States it made no difference whether he
owed service to individuals or not, he owed his
first duty to the Republic as military service if it
was required. All this was lawful, and no loyal
man ever did or would have complained of it,
kindly done in the proper spirit.
I have only to say in conclusion, sir, that I hope
that the joint resolution will not be repealed, and
that this and all kindred projects will fail in the
future, for the simple reason that they strengthen
the rebels by uniting their people with them, and
they weaken the Union cause by dividingits friends
and distracting them with unnecessary issues.
Let us unite upon the single idea of suppressing
the armed opposition to the Government. Let
the energies of the nation be devoted solely to that
purpose', and success may yet come, if success is
possible.
