1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1765
their Governor, and that they would, if neces-
sary, bring him back to Ohio upon the broad and
stalwart shoulders of a hundred thousand yeo-
manry. The loyal men ofOhio accepted the issue.
The campaign opened. The contest was sharp
and vigorous and fierce. The loyal people came,
and the soldiers came, and they came as the hurri-
cane comes, with irresistible power, and the forces
of the Democratic party were; scattered to the four
winds of heaven as chaff flies before the gale.
Sir, the people of Ohio in that election, by a
hundred thousand majority, ratified and con-
firmed the verdfct of the General Government,
and left their recreant son solitary and alone to
"wait and watch over the border" for the "good
time coming," when a hundred thousand sturdy
yeomen should bear him back in triumph to the
State he had dishonored. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] in his eloquent descrip-
tion of Lord Chatham's last appearance in the
House of Lords to enter his protest against the
dismemberment of the British empire, when he
cried out in the ears of the ministers of the Crown,
" 1 told you long ago that all this would come to
pass," warned us on tins side of the Cham-
ber that some future Earl of Chatham might en-
ter this Hall and utter the same sad cry in our
ears, "I told you all this before." And as he
said it, he seemed to cast an earnest look toward
the far-off shores of Canada where his great
leader is watching and waiting. The Earl of
Chatham and Clement C. Vallandigham 1 What
a. parallel! The Earl of Chatham rising from
his dying-bed, canied into the House of Lords,
wrapped in flannels, entering with his last breath
Ins eai nest protest against the dismemberment of
the Fiiitish empire; Clement C. Vallandigham, in
the full vigor of mmd and body, a banished Uai-
tor, devoting all his energies to the disruption of
the Republic. The gentleman fiomOhio has at
least added one more illustiation to the old adage,
that there is but one step from the sublime to the
ridiculous.
Mr. Speaker, as another illustration of the
course of the Democratic party in regard to this
war, [ desire to call the attention of the House
and of the country to a meeting of that party in
my own State—a State which has responded as
nobly, as readily, as generously as any other
State in this country m men and money for the
support of this war. Forty thousand men, as
stated by their own papers, met at Spungfield in
the month of June last. What was the condition
of the country at the time of that meeting? Grant,
with his noble army, had fought his way up
from Grand Gulf to Vicksburg by a series of vic-
tories, bloody and fiercely contested upon every
battle-field, and more brilliant than history has
ever recorded elsewhere. They had set down
before the city of Vicksburg, the great strong-
hold of the Mississippi river, with their tattered
and bloody banners, determined never to move
until that stronghold had surrendered—until the
last rebel cannon had been removed from the
banks of the father of waters.
There they were when that convention met.
Thousands and tens of thousands of the brave
sons of Illinois were there. A his! how many had
bitten the dust jn those fearful battles, had gone
to their long homes, and were sleeping that sleep
which knows no waking, the little mounds above
their gtaves mai king their last resting-place all
along the passage from Grand Gulf to Vicksburg!
There were weeping and sorrow in nearly every
d welling in the State. The widow and the orphan
sent up their ciy to Heaven for those who had
gone out to return no more, and fathers and moth-
ers were " mourning fortheir children and would
not he comforted because they were not." Such
was the state of things when this convention of
forty thousand men of Illinois, under the name
of Democracy, met in the city of Springfield.
And what was the greeting that tnat great con-
course of people sent forth to the people of our
State? "What words of encouragement did they
send foilh to oui gallant soldiers in the field, who
had fought so bravely, and were enduring so
much for the country they loved so well. Here,
sir, is one of their patriotic utterances'
<c Resolved, That we are oppobod to the further offensive
pio^ecution of the war, a  tending to subvert the Consti-
tution and the Government, and entailing upon this nation
all the disastrous eouauquunuus of mi>ruie and anutehi
Mr. Speaker, I am ashamed to record the fact
that such a sentiment could be sanctioned at such
a time by any respectable body of men in any
portion of my State, but truth demands that the
fixct be stated. Tell me what influence such a
resolution as that would naturally have upon the
men in the field. Tell me what influence it was
calculated to have upon the country itself at that
time. And suppose the Government had acted
upon that resolution, what then would have been
the consequence? Why, sir, the triumphant
army of Grant would have beerr compelled to
retire from its position and to withdraw within
the borders of the free States in disgrace, humili-
ation,and dishonor. Such, sir, was the extraor-
dinary position of forty thousand Democrats
assembled at Springfield on the 17th of June,
1863, in the midst of a rebellion more terrible in
its consequences and more gigantic in its pro-
portions than any that ever cursed any country
m the history of the world. And yet the gentle-
rrtan from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] tells us, and
his associates on the other side of the Chamber
join in the charge, that if destruction is to come
to the country it will be owing to the nameless
crimes that the party in power has committed.
And now, Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to call atten-
tion to certain proceedings recently had in this
House. A resolution which has been offered by the
Speaker of the House for the expulsion of a mem-
ber from Ohio for treasonable language used in de-
bate, in the discussion of which thegentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Harris] in attempting a defense
of the member accused made use of the follow-
ing extraordinary language:
"The South n-=ks you to leave them in pence; but, no,
you s.iy you will bum* them into fubjeetlon. That id not
done yet, and God Almighty grant that it never may be.
i hope you will never subjugate the South."
Here is a bold, defiant, unqualified declaration
of adherence to the enemies, and of opposition to
the country. He unequivocally, in language ad-
mitting of but one construction, declares that our
enemies ought to succeed, prays Almighty God
that they may succeed.
Sir, before making those remarks, he had taken
a solemn oath to support the Constitution of the
United States and to discharge his duties faith-
fully as a member of this House, and that he had
never given aid and comfort totheenemy. I ask,
then, what position the gentleman occupied in
announcing such sentiments as he did upon this
occasion? Did he not declare himself in favor of
the enemies whom we are now pursuing with
arms? Did he not declare that he hoped our own
country would have to succumb to the rebels
now manned organization against us ? If he did
not mean that, his language has no meaning what-
ever. Then, sir, ho is guilty of moral treason, as
much so as though he had committed the overt act
and rendered himself liable to mdictmentand pun-
ishment.
It may be said that this is only the language of
one member, and that no one else is responsible
for it. Grant it. Yet the gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber have made themselves re-
sponsible foi his sentiments in the most signifi-
cant manner. And how? My colleague [Mr.
Wasiiburne] offered a resolution expelling the
member from Maryland for his treasonable senti-
ments; and what was the result?
Sir, the Democratic party—every man of them
—voted against the expulsion of the member from
Maryland for the words i havecited, and the reso-
lution was defeated for the want of a two-thirds
vote. Another resolution censuring the gentle-
man was then offered, and only one single Demo-
cratic member of the House was to be found who
would cast his vote in favor of the resolution. 1
undertake to say, therefore, that they are upon
record committed to the language used by the
member from Maryland.
Mr. Speaker, i wish to examine a little more
in detail the speech of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr, Long,] upon which a motion first of expul-
sion and then of censure was pending a few days
ago. I do it on account of the chaiacter of the
speech itseif, and because, by the votes of the Dem-
ocratic party m this House recorded in his* case, I
think they are committed to the doctrines which
I he then enunciated.
I Now, sir, under what circumstances was the
! speech of the gentleman from Ohio delivered? It
I was not made under any ebullition of passion.
I It was made under no momentary state of ex-
citement or feeling. It was carefully prepared,
deliberately considered, written out at length,
criticised, pruned, laid by for weeks, and then
brought in hereand read totheHDouseasthefix^d
and settled judgment of the gentleman on the sub-
jects of which it treated. It was delivered, not
on the streets, not at the hustings, but here, in the
presence of the people's Representatives, under
the very dome of the Capitol; at the feet of the
goddess of liberty, under the shadowof our own
American flag; and under all Lhe responsibilities
of his oath of office. It was not-made in time of
peace, when words are light, but it was made in
the midst of a terrible war, in the midstof a des-
perate struggle for the very life of the nation. For
nearly three years our armies have been strug-
gling for the mastery. They have had successes
and reverses; they have rescued large portions of
the territory seized by $he rebels; and our brave
soldiers have covered themselves and their coun- .
try with immortal glory by their deeds of valor.
And yet the enemy holds his strength and his
courage, and the war is raging as fiercely as ever.
Sir, the speech was made in acapitalsurrounded
with camps and fortifications, and defended by a
hundred thousand bayonets. The notes of prep-
aration ate sounding in our ears for another on-
ward march to Richmond, under the great com-
mander of the war, which, we trust, will be the
last campaign in Virginia, and result in freeing
that State and its capital from the hands of the
spoilers. Sir, the speech itself is to be considered
in the light of all these circumstances. I shall
be compelled to quote several passages from it,
and I shall endeavor to convict the gentleman out
of his own mouth of disloyalty to his Govern-
ment. In the first place the gentleman from Ohio
declared himself in favor of the right of secession.
Let me read what he says:
" Here let me &ay, on the experience of my individual
belief, that if it had been understood in the North as in the
South that by the term* nf the Fedeial compact a State had
a right to sece.de trom the Union, thife disruption would
never have oceuued."
Here he declares not only the right of secession,
but that the holding of a contrary doctrine on the
part of the northern people has been the ground-
work of all our troubles. He declares himself for
the right of secession with cause or without catfete,
for reasons or without reasons, on notice or with-
out notice. He declares that one State has a
nght to go out of the Union, or two States, or live
States, or any number of States, and to setup
separate governments, or one united government.
That is the doctrine of the gentleman from Ohio,
the unconditional, absolute, unqualified right'of
secession.
In the next place thegentleman declares that
the war on our part is wrong and unconstitutional.
Here are his words on that point:
t: Can lhe Union be restored by war? 1 answer mostuu-
hesitatmglv and dehbeiately, No, never; lv)ar is final,
eternal separationMy lirr-t and highest ground of oppo-
sition to it> lurthe.r prosecution is that it is wiong; it is m
violation of the Constitution and of the fundamental princi-
ples on which the Federal Union was founded."
Then, sir, if the war on our part is wrong and
unconstitutional it is right and constitutional on
the part of the rebels. If it is wrong and uncon-
stitutional for us to carry on the war against them,
it is right and constitutional for them to carry on
the war against us. That is the only logical re-
sult of the gentleman's doctrine. On which side,
then, does the gentleman plant himself? On the
side of his country or against it? On the side of
the rebels or against them?
The gentleman from Ohio then goes on and
declares that the rebel States have established
themselves as independent States, that they have
maintained this war as independent States for
three yeais, and that we ought to recognize them,
lie says:
u Now, Mr, for once, at leas t, I agree with the distin-
guNied genileman fiom Pennsylvania, that the confederate
States are out ol the Union, oceupj ing the position of an
indrprTulent Potcei de facto, have been ackuowlegod as a
belligeient both byloieism natio'is and our own Govern-
ment, maintained their decimation of independence for
three yeatr- by loree ot aim.-, and that the war has cut asun-
der all the ligament- and nbroaared nil the obligation** that
bound them uudei the Constitution. far i agree with
lutn ami however unwilling we may be to accept such
position a> the actual condition of the confederate Stfttcs,
tue histoiy of the pu<t three years, the law ot natrons, the
«enius ot" our Government, ami a regard lor ttulh compel
me, at Jeu>t. to accept it and my judgment to approve it,
and if the charge of disloyalty is brought agaii^tme for this
onuuon I have only to shield myself under the broad man-
tle of the distinguished leader of the Kepubhcan party."
