2.742"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
quire $20)000.- The notes are filled apfrom fifty to five hun-
dred dollars. Now if "you will aid in the matter fill up tl)e
note and inclose to rn^'wflh such an amount of money as
you cp '  and send tg me here as soon as possible.'
I an. well known in Cleveland. You can ask most any
one about me. Will see you personally when next in the
city; but t®s matted engrosses all aiy attention at present.
The secretary-Writes rneever^tfriftg looks-encouraging, and
• ,wjth .tftfi imeans/tlipy will piuitHe5 Utw through. We must
aid in the matter and push it through this session. - Please
reply at once* - -< . ,
*' 'Yours? in tfaste, - ' C. C/WTCK.,
P. S.~My business place in the spring and summer is
&fc31-Superi&rstree&' '
Whitman,1 ■
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the Clerk now read
the printed blank whiqft accompanied the letter?
" The Clerk read, as folioWg:' * '
Thirty days after the-passage of a'general bankrupt law
by Congress I promise to pay to the ftrdfc'r of tire treasurer
cwfthe^i^ioijal Bankrupt Association the sum of—; dol-
lar^ payable at"
Mr. GARFIELD. That letter and its inclos-
ure were in answer to the queries of the gentle-
man to whom it was addressed. He is a resident
of Cleveland; and though I am not personally
acquainted with him, he sent the letter to me as
-a member of this.House, with an indorsement
which I ask'the-iOerk-to read.
.'The-Clerk read. th$ indorsement, as follows:
Cleveland, Oiii'o, January.31,18G4.
Dear Sir: A man of your discernment will compre-
hend at once my opinion of this document. • If a is juht
that sueh a law ho parsed, ami it really bo needed, jue we
poor insolvents obliged to lobby and pay law-makers to do
us justice? Thousands and maybe millions of good hon-
est men are in the *jine lix a  ynui humble >eivnm—the
, eftfcet of the pimie of 18T>7. ftfuM we always ioniaiu under
jthe harrow? f, for one, am not able to buy justice. Let
it be done, and given freely.
t Respectfully, A. F. W.
General Gaufield.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I received
that communication in the eaily part of Febru-
ary, a short time after the committee was ap-
pointed upon the motion of my colleague from
the Cleveland district, [Mr. Spalding, j J laid
the letter away, intending—in consequence of tlie
imputation ir, contained that Congress was being
manipulated by outside parties—to give the bill
a careful consideration when it came up, and do
what I could to guard its provisions agtunstfraud.
1 have therefore given it a more careful study
than any other one with .winch I have not been
connected as a committee-man, and 1 had in-
tended to speak on the wholo subject, but the
freat pressure of duties in connection with the
Yeaeury Department investigation prevented me.
When I came into the House last evening and
found that the bill, on which but one speech had
been made, and that one in ils favoi, was about
to be put through under the pressure of the pre-
vious queatiou, i called upon a member of the
corunuit.ee and suggested several amendments in
the details of the GtU, which I requestc3 to have
considered and adopted, or I could not vote for
the bill at nil. The gentleman from Rhode island
[Mr. JfiNCKEsj told me that the amendments
should be made as suggested. 1 believe they were
made. 1 heard at least one of them introduced
and adopted last evening.
Under all the circumstances, with this gross
imputation hanging over the House of Represent-
atives, I felt veiy earne.stly indeed the necessity
of postponing the matin, and theiefore asked
leave to speak, and did spunk earnestly. When
taken off my feet by the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr Jf.nckrs] 
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman certainly
does not moan that 1 took him off the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 correct myself. When
I understood myself to be taken off the floor by
the gentleman from Rhode Island, I felt that it
was an unfair interference with the freedom ot
debate upon that subject. But, understanding
from himself and from the Speaker what he did
and intended to do, I am satisfied I was incorrect
in my impression of his action, and that he did
nothing;of which 1 had aright to complain, noth-
ing of which I now complain; and here, in the
presence of the House, I ask his pardon for hav-
ing spoken severely in reference to what I thought
an interference with my rights.
So much for that: 1 now refer to the other
branch of the matter. 1 also said in the course
of my remaiks that I feared if this bill passed, the
southern confederacy, which was $300,000,000 in
debt to northern men, would reap a very large
share of the benefit of it. I said i t because I then
believed, as I now believe, that the bill does not
adequately provide that the estates of rebels in
arms shall no£ escape the operations of the law.
I made no personal reference whatever; 1 assailed
no gentleman; I called no man's honor in ques-
tion. ,My colleague from, the Cleveland district
|Mr. Spalding] rose and asked if I had read the
bill. I answered him, I believe, in courteous lan-
guage and manner, that I had read it, and imme-
diately- on rdy statement to that effect he said in
!hjs place in the House, and it has gone on the
record, that he did not believe I had'read it; in
other words, that he believed I had lied, in the
presence of. my peers in this House. I felt, under
such circumstances, that it would not be becoming
my self-respect or the respect I owe to the House
to continue a colloquy with any gentleman who
had thus impeached my veracity, and I said so.
It pains me very much that a gentleman of ven-
erable age, who was in full maturity of hfe when
I was a child, and whom I have respected since
my childhood, should have taken occasion here
in his place to use language so uncalled for, so
ungenerous, so unjust to me, and disgraceful to
himself. 4 haverbome with the ill-nature and bad
blood of that gentleman, as many others in this
House, have, out of respect to his years; but no
impunity of age shall shield him or any man from
my denunciation who is so lacking in the pro-
prieties of this placc as to be guilty of such par-
liamentary and personal indecency as theHouHi
has witnessed on his part. I had hoped that be-
fore this 'time he would haveacknowledgcd to me
the impropriety and.unjustifiableness of his con-
duct and apologized for the ms^t. But he has'
not seen fit to take that course. I leave him to
his own reflections, and his conduct to the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion.
No objection was made.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker,without inti-
mating an opinion in regard to the policy of throw-
ing these sensational papers before the House and
the country, I desire to say that I have never at
any moment, in any place, or under any circum-
stances, had any knowledge -of this combination
or which the gentleman speaks in regard to the
passage of a bankiupt law through this House,
i knew nothing of that publication in the city of
Cleveland, or of the correspondence produced
horn, and 1 think I do not know the person whose
name has been mentioned here. 1 am entirely
ignorant of that whole matter. No person from
Cleveland, from New York,or from any quarter,
has approached me from the commencement to
the ending of this wholo matter with anything in
the shape of a promjse of money, influence, or
anything else to induce my action on this bank-
rupt bill, i say this, and 1 challenge the universal
world to produce any evidence to the contraiy.
My own conscience acquits me of everything of
the sort.
And now, in regard to any harsh or uncourt-
eous treatment of my colleague, I have only to
say that my colleague appeared in the House last
evening exhibiting an unusual degree of temper,
and when 1 ventured to ask him the question civ-
illy whether he had read the bankrupt bill intro-
duced into this House by the select committee, in
order to know whether he had seen the prohibi-
tion against the benefits of that hill accruing to
persons in rebellion against the Government, the
gentleman answered me that he had read it. Well
now, sir, without much reflection, I ventured to
express a doubt whether he had read it. I said
to the gentleman in the presence of the House
that i doubted it. Well, sir, the gentleman took
that doubt as an imputation upon his veracity.
He gave it a wrong constiuction. Th-einference
should have been notagainst the gentleman's ve-
racity but against lus competency to read and un-
derstand the bill. [Laughter.] I say, sir, that
it was a mark of respect to the gentleman's in-
telligence, and 1 wish him to understand it in that
sense. I never had any occasion to impugn the
gentleman-,'s veracity and 1 have not wished to do
it. But I wish to declare here now that if the
gentleman hud read the bill caiefully and still
came to the conclusion which ho stated here I can*
not respect his intelligence; and it was out of the
respect which 1 have always entertained for lus in-
telligence that I made the statement which I did.
That is all I have to saji
Mr. JENCKES. 1 understand that this matter
is not regularly before the House, but that any
discussion that is to take place must be by unan-
imous consent. I desire to say a word in ex-
planation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. , 1 - .
Mr. JENCKES. I confess that I have been very
much astonished to hear the gentleman from Ohio
[i\Jr. GarfiEld] rise .here and read anonymous
extracts from newspapers and letters which aie
equally anonymous so far as this House is con-
cerned—for the gentleman from Ohio does not pre-
tend to vouch for their genuineness—in order to
impeach the integrity of some 'one in the House.
"The particular direction at which it is pointed is
not indicated
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I did not impeach the integrity of
any one.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I cannot imagine for
what purpose the extract and letter were read.
Mr. GARFIELD. I read them simply for
the reason that I desired to inform the House of
the evidence I had 'in my possession of the ex-
istence of this money corporation outside of the
House, with the view and design of getting this
bill through the House. I was very careful not
to impugn the motions of any gentleman here,
and I did not do it.
Mr. JENCKES. Then the gentleman has read
or caused to be read papers which are a slander
upon the whole House.
Who in the House or in the country believes
that any member of this select committee or of
the House, who is profoundly convinced of the
wisdom of a bankruptcy law, has ever sat upon
a committee or reported a bill to the House or
advocated a bill in the House under any "thnty
days'" influences or any other influences, un-
worthy or corrupt in their nature? Sir, it is
simply giving encouragement to the horde of lob-
byists who throng our doors, and whom we are
continually thrusting behind us, and I am very
sorry the gentleman from Ohio has seen fit in
this or any way even to recognize their existence.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will do me
the justice to say that I did not read an anony-
mous communication. The names are all ap-
pended.
Mr. JENCXCES. I did not understand the
gentleman from Ohio to say that he knew any
gentleman whose name appears.
Mr.GARFIELD. The one who wiote me the
letter is a prominent banl^r in the State of Ohio.
And let me remark as a somewhat singular cir-
cumstance that the rich bankers and nieichant-
princes of New York are very desirous of the
passage of th:.s bill.
Mr. JENCKES. It seems the gentleman re-
fen ed to is not.
Mr. GARFIELD. ' He is, and is an agent to
procure its passage.
Mr. JENCKES. I did not so understand the
letter.
Mr. GARFIELD. The letter itself is from the
banker. The comment upon the letter from tins
agent is by the insolvent debtor who desired to
avail himself of the benefit of the law, but objected
to having to pay for it.
Mr. JENCKES. Still I do not learn the ob-
ject of the gentleman from Ohio in* introducing
this correspondence hero. It is a slander upon
some one if not true, and if the facts are true some
one should be arraigned. If they are not true,
and the name of no member is indicated, then it
is a slander on the whole Hoi^e.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to repeat that I introduced these communica-
tions simply for the purpose of placing the House
in possession of the information I had in my pos-
session in reference to the existence of a money
association having for its object the influencing
of the passage of this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. Well, Mr. Speaker, I hope
that hereafter the gentleman from Ohio will be
very careful m investigating the correspondence
winch he presents to this House, for tins is not
the first time ho has arraigned persons out of the
House, at least, here, upon corieapondeucu which
