1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
I do not in these quotations follow the exact
order in which the gentleman delivered them, but
am merely putting them in their logical relations,
so that when we get through we can see what
the actual position of the gentleman from Ohio
was. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] has so fully vindicated himself from
- the imputation contained in the last quotation as
to need no words from me. The gentleman then
takes the ground that we ought to let the rebel
States go, that we ought to separate. He says:
" Much better would it have been for us in the begin-
ning, much better would it be for us now, to consent to a
division of our magnificent empire and cultivate amicable
relations with our estranged brethren than to seek to hold
them to us by the power of the sword."
And this, sir, is the natural conclusion of the
propositions which I have already shown were
laid down by the gentleman from Ohio. The
rebels must be allowed to go. How many States
shall go? Where shall he run the dividing line?
"Who shall determine it? On which side of the
line shall Maiyland and West Virginia and Ken-
tucky and Tennessee and Missouri be ranged?
And who shall determine it, andhnw ? It can be
done in only one way; by the armies of the dif-
ferent sides on the field of battle.
Now, sir, if the quotations which I have just
read, if the declaration in favor of the right of seces-
sion and of the unconstitutionality of the war, if the
declaration that the rebel States have established
their independence, and that we ought to allow
them to separate from us, do not show the gen-
tleman from Ohio to be on the other side of the
question, to be in favor of the rebels and against
his own Government, 1 undertake to say that lan-
guage has no meaning. His heart is manifestly
with the men in arms against us.
But the gentleman goes still further. He takes
the ground that all our past precedents and his-
tory compel us, if we would be consistent with
ourselves, to take sides with the icbels. He says
that oui Govei nment has always takemsides with
struggling infant republics endeavoring to ob-
tain their independence, and that we should fol-
low those examples now. And he goes on to
tell us that Clay and Webster, in the struggle
between the Greeks and the Turks, and in"tho
struggles of the South American republics, took
sides with these people struggling for their inde-
pendence, and that if we would be true to those
examples we must follow the same course in ic-
gard to the rebels in arms against this Republic.
Says he:
II But, Mr. Chairman, how do we ^tand in the ryes of
the civilized world*to-day in waging a war of Mibjugation
and conquest again>t the conlederate States which have
seceded iiom u-< and set up a government of their own.''
Are we not inconsistent with all oui loimer acts? Have
we not been eatly to admit this proper with repaid to other-?
There never w,h a people on the laee of eaith that de-
manded an independent government ih.it did tioi have the
sympathy of theAinencan people, and ought we now to
shrink fiom the doctrine we have been -jO willing to apply
to others ?
" My eaihof-t recollection i« the appeal made by Clay
and Webber m behalf of Gieeee, in 1824, when they so
eloquently declaimed in that behalf, on this floor and tn
the othei branch oi Congress. W'hethei it wa-i Greece or
the States of South America, oi Poland, or Hnngarv, or
Italy, or Ireland, the fact that a large country, for any cause,
demanded a distinct and ^.eparate government, always ic-
ceivcd ihe warmest sympathy and support of the American
people, irrespective o! party."
Now, sir, I repeat the question, on which side
of this great struggle is the gentleman from Ohio?
He tells us it is our bounden duty to take sides
with the rebels m arms against us, that it is our
duty to abandon our own Government and take
sides with our enemies. Clearly, then, the gen-
tleman and those who back him up in these
strange and monstrous doctiines are on the other
side and are doing all they can to strengthen the
hands of the rebels.
it seems to me that if there is anything plain
in the world it is that the man who on tins floor
takes the ground that the rebels have a light to
secede, that the wnr is wrong and unconstitu-
tional, that the rebel States are independent and
that we ought to acknowledge thcirindepuidence,
is oil the other side of this great snuggle, and is
at heart in favor of those who are makin^ this ■
great effort to pull down the Republic over our
heads, if not, then language has no meaning.
But, sir,thegentlcman from Ohio takesone step
further, and I wouM not have supposed that any
gentleman m this House, whatever his sentiments
may be upon this great struggle, would have
nerved himself to the course which he has pur-
sued. Hear what he says in regard to our Army
and our victories. 1 had supposed that every
American citizen who had one drop of patriotic
blood in his veins rejoiced and gloried in the
deeds of our Army, here on the Potomac, in the
West, and everywhere, where they have fought
so manfully and so well; true, indeed, with
changing fortunes, but generally successfully.
The sentiments may suit the men who hold that
the war "is wrong and unconstitutional; a cru-
sade offamine and blood;'' but they will meet
with utter detestation among loyal people:
" While time shall last the recollections of this bloody
strife wilt never fade from the memories of the people,
Noith and South, hut will be handed down to the latest
generation. The words Shiloh, Antietam, Gettysburg,
Murfreesboro', Richmond, Vicktburg, and Port Donelson,
are words of division and disunion, and will serve to bring
emotions ofeternal hate."
That is the greeting which the gentleman sends
out to the noble boys who are struggling for the
liberties of this country. That is the greeting
which the gentleman from Ohio, standing in this
great temple of liberty, sends out to the mothers
and fathers of the sons who have fallen in this
fearful struggle; to the widows and orphans of
the husbands and fathers who lie buried upon
these battle-fields.
All these odious sentiments were uttered delib-
erately, and uttered in this House while the gen-
tleman was acting under the solemn sanctions of
his oath of office. And yet the Democratic party
in this Halt, on a resolution of censure, came to
his rescue and sustained him in his treasonable
utterances by a unanimous vote.
And now, sir, let me ask what more could the
gentleman have said if his remarks had been ut-
tered in the halls of the confederate congress?
Could he have said more than to have told them
as he told us that they were right and we were
wrong; that all the precedents of our history were
in their favor and against us? What more could
he have said if his speech had been made to the
armies of the rebels now making their prepara-
tions to meet us in what, I trust, will be the last
great struggle for the supremacy of this Govern-
ment?
Sir, it has been said in olden times that "judg-
ment must begin at the house of God;" and if
we expect this people of ours to sustain the Gov-
ernment, if we expectour armies to fightour bat-
ties, 1 tell you, sir, I tell this House, and 1 tell
the country, that this Hall must be purged of
men who utter such disloyal and atrocious senti-
ments.
Mr. Speaker, when the Saviour of mankind ut-
tci ed the declaration in the ears oft he Jewish peo-
ple, "He that is not for Me is against Me, and he
that gatheieth not with Me scattered) abroad," He
utteied a great truth as applicable now as it was
then, as true in the history of Governmentsand
nations as in the history of chuiches and reli-
gions. It js ever true in great crises. In times
like these there can be no neutrality. Men must
take sides. They will take sides. The last el-
oquent words which I recollect hearing fall from
Stephen A. Douglas were that memorable dec-
laration which has been so often repeated m these
debates—words worthy to be written in letters
of gold upon the very heavens—" In this strug-
gle there can he but two parties, patriots and trai-
tors." I was ever opposed to thatdistinguished
man upon political questions; but it is due to his
memory to say that there never was in this coun-
try a man more intensely American or more in-
tensely Union than Stephen A. Douglas. He
did immense service to the country when the war
first broke out. If it had not been for the power
of his great voice urging on his followers as no
other man could mge them on, the war might
have been tiansfeired from the cotton-fields of the
South to the corn-fields of Illinois. But, sir, he
uttered no uncertain counsel. He did not say
that all of our precedents demanded of us to take
sides with the rebels as Clay and Webster took
sides with Greece and the South American re-
publics. No, sir, he took the ground that this
war had been commenced by the South for the
purpose of destroying our Government, and that
a patriotic man had but one thing to do, and that
was to light it out, to settle the question by force
of arms.
Douglas living could rally his legions as few-
men could before, and as no man can now. Alas 1
his voice had scarcely ceased to ring over the
prairies before those who had followed his for-
tunes began to look toward the South,and longed
for the leeks and onions of Egypt. And where
are they found to-day ? They are found standing
side by side with the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Harris,] who prays to God that we never
may conquer the South; by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Long,] who says this war is uncon-
stitutional; and by thegentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fernando Wood,] who says that it is " a
hellish crusade of blood and famine."
I have one remark further to make in regard to
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Long.] I speak it with no personal ill-will. I
feel, sir, in my heart, that the speech was dis-
loyal and treasonable, meriting the severest re-
bukeand censure; and I hope in God that the like
of it will never again be heard in the Halis of
Congress.
Mr. Speaker, a few more observations and I
will yield the floor. There are three—I might
say four—great measures demanding the atten-
tion of the statesmen of the country at the pres-
ent time: first, the putting down of the rebellion;
secondly, the emancipation of the slaves; thirdly,
the reconstruction of the Union; and, as an end
to all these, I have said I might acid, fourthly, the
establishment of the finances upon a solid basis.
How is the rebellion to be put down ? Not by
peaceable negotiations, not by armistice, not by
commissions, but by steady, peisevermg, hard
fighting. How is the emancipation of the slaves
to be accomplished? It may be accomplished
by the President's proclamation. But the great
measure, one which should not only command
the support of every member of this House but
that of every loyal man in the land, is the pro-
posed amendment of the Constitution, by which
slavery is to be prohibited forever in all the States
and Territories of the Union.
As to reconstruction, I had intended to have dis-
cussed thequestion atlength, but 1 find that 1 have
not time. While I want to see every rebel State
brought back into the Union, brought back into
fellowship with us under the Constitution, yet I
would make it a condition precedent to their re-
admission to all these rights and privileges, that
they come knocking at our doors with a free con-
stitution in their hands, whereby the shackles are
knocked from ofF the limbs of every slave within
their limits. Till they are prepaied for that, I
would place them under the control of Congtess
and the President. Slavery has been the mother
of this rebellion, and I say let mother and child
perish together, and let them both be buried in the
same bloody and ignominious grave that slave-
holders have dug for liberty and the Constitution.
Thus alone will permanent peace be seemed to
the country. In my judgment God is about to
visit the sins of the slaveholder upon his own
pate. He has dug a pit into which he hoped to
plunge this gi eat Government of ours. 1 am greatly
mistaken if he does not fail therein himself. A
quaint old paraphrase of a well-known passage
of Scripture so nicely fits the slaveholder's con-
dition, that I am tempted to quote it, and with that
I will close my remarks;
u lie digged a pit, he digged it deep,
He digged it for his brother;
But in that pit his leet did slip
fie did intend tor t'other."
Mr. COX. Do I understand my colleague to
say that he does not propose to press this ques-
tion to a vote this evening?
Mr. ASHLEY. Not to-night.
Mr. COX. When?
Mr. ASHLEY. In a few days.
Mr. COX. It will be utterly impossible to do
so for some time.
Mr. ASHLEY. I wish to say again I shall
object to any speeches that are not addressed to
the bill under consideiation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. In reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to say that I ex-
pect to call the previousquestion upon the bill on
Wednesday next.
Mr. COX. 1 cannot say whether debate will
be exhausted by that time. He will see by con-
sulting the list that there are a great many gen-
tlemen who desire to speak upon this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It may be that
debate may not be exhausted, and yet it may be
proper to bring the debate to a closc.
