1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on investigation would not stand the test of in-
vestigation.
Now, I challenge him,a«d I challenge the coun-
try and the world, U show one single instance,
to produce one single individual, who has ev^i;
had communication with this committee of this
House in reference to this law, except for the
f ublicgood, without regard to private interests,
f such a man lives, let the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] produce him.
Mr. Speaker, one word further on this matter
of personal explanation. The gentleman from
Ohio has said that last evening he was instigated
by this correspondence to make the remarks that
he did. I submitted to him then,and I submitto
him now, that if he wishes in this age of the
world to come before the'American Congress, the
Legislature of a civilized nation, and undertake to
argue that a bankrupt law is not politic, I am
willing to meet him. I want to hear such an ar-
gument from aman who claims to be astatesman.
If the House will set apart a day for those to be
heard who oppose this bill on principle, there are
those who will meet them; but,sir, I will notyield
any time, not an hour or a minute,for those who
get off mere declamation, or make opposition to
the measure, based upon newspaper paragraphs
or anonymous correspondence. When the bill
is up regularly I shall have something further to
say.
3 WAR NEWS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing letter of the Secretary of War:
War Department,
Washington, June 4, 10 a. m.
Sir: Dispatches from Geneial Giant's headquarter*,
dated three o'clock yebterday afternoon, have been ic-
ceived. No operations took place on Thursday. Yester-
day inoimng at half past four o'clock General Grant made
an assault on the enemy's lines, of which he makes the fol-
lowing repoit:
" We assaulted athalfpast four this morning, duvins the
enemy within his intrenuhmfnts at all points, but without
gamine any decisive advantage. Our tioops now occupy
a position close to the enemy, some places within hfty
yards, and are lemaining. Our loss was notsevfire, nordo
I suppose the enemy to have lost heavily. We captured
ovei thiee hundred pii&oneis, mostly fiom Ureckiniidge."
Another later official report (not from General Grant) es-
timates the number of our killed and woutulcd at about
three thousand.
The following officers are among the killed: Colonel
Haskell, thaty-sixth Wisconsin ; Colonel Portci, eighth
New York heavy artillery; Colonel Morris, sixty-sixth
New York.
Among the wounded arc General K. O Tyler, seriously;
wdi prob.ihly lose a foot. Colonel McMahon, one hundred
and Mxty-fourth New York; Colonel Byinc, tweuty-
eiehth Massachusetts, probably mortally. Colonel Biook>,
fitty-third Pennsylvania.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of ?Far.
Hon, Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a privileged motion. I
move, that when the House adjourns to-day it ad-
journ to meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my colleague whether
this adjournment is not for the purpose of permit-
ting gentlemen on the other side to attend the Bal-
timore convention which meets early nextweelc?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 24,
noes 90. >
So the motion was disagreed to.
GOLD BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move thaUhe rules he sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the tariff bill.
Mr. HOOPER. Isnot the gold bill the regular
order of business?
The SPEAKER. It was, but the motion to
go into committee takes precedence. If the pre-
vious question had been called on the gold bill
last evening it would have been first to be consid-
ered.
BUSINESS or TUB COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. ELIOT. If there be no objection, I will
make a statement. This day, after the morning
hour, was set apart for the consideration of re-
ports from the Committee on Commerce. It is
very evident that the whole of this day will be
consumed with the tariff bill, nnd I therefore ask
the House to postpone the reports from the Com-
mittee on Commerce to the third day after the day
on which the tariff bill may be disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. The two days after the tariff
bill shall have been disposed of have already been
assigned, and the case of Knox vs. Blair has been
postponed for one week. I hope the House will
not assign away further time next week so as to
cut out the case of Knox vs. Blair. .'
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope the gentleman from Massachusetts will not
insist on his objection to the proposition of my
colleague on the Committee on Commerce. There
is one bill which that committee hasto, report to
prevent smuggling^ that will not take an hour to
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege
from the Committee of Elections would not over-
ride the designation of a day by the House as a
special order, although it would override the re-
ports of committees in the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I know that, and nave therefore
called attention to the facts; but, as I understand
that the Committee on Commerce will notoccupy
more than an hour or two, I will not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object if the day
does not fall on- Friday, as I want that day to be
devoted to the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar. With that understanding^ do not object to
the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. ELIOT. I agree to that understanding also.
There being no further objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
The question then recurred on Mr. Morrill's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly lesolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Sciienck in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of
TUB TARIFF BILL.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On acetatc or pyroligmte oi ammonia. 70 cents per pound ;
of baryta,40 eenls peV pouiut; el copiKH, lion, stionti.l, and
zinc,50 cents per pound; 6t lead, 30 cents pel pound; oi
magnesia and soda, 50 cents per pound.
Mr. MORRILL moved to strike out the word
"copper," and to strike out " thirty" and insert
" ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. 1 move to amend
the eleventh section by adding, in the seventeenth
line, 29th page, the following items:
Benzoic! acid, 30 cent* per ouncc ; balsam copaiva, $3
per pound; aloes, 30 cents pel pound; a&ui(£lida, 150 cents
per pound ; tonqua beans, §1 per pound.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 should like to have some ex-
planation of the amendment
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. The items have
bei n submitted to members of the Committee
of Ways and Means, ^fid, I understand, havQ,
met with their approval.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee of Ways
and Means doesrnot profess to know much about
this matter; but as the gentleman from New York
seems to be a competent judge, we are willing to
leave it to him and the Committee of the Whole
to be disposed of as may appear proper.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I have offered
the amendment at this point that the items of the
same character may come in m alphabetical order.
I have informed myselffuily on the point, and am
satisfied that the amount of the duty proposed m
the amendment shall be imposed. It will be for
the benefit of the Government and will work no
injury to any one.
Mr. BROOKS. The first reason given by the
gentleman is that his amendment is in alphabet-
ical order. I think he is in error in that, because
it begins with benzoic acid, before it gets to aloes
or balsam. In the next place 1 wish to state that
unless there be some formal explanation of it, or
some investigation, I am loth to assent to amend-
ments so suddenly prepared. On the other side
of the House they only allow one honorable gen-
tleman to make a tariff—and that is the honorable
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.] On
this side of the House we follow their lead. Un-
less the honorable gentleman fi om Vermont rallies
hissideofthe House—" up, boys,and vote" for
these particular items, wc on this side are loth to
go for it, I am opposed to this largrf-tax on aloes
and asafcetida and other drugs, without any re-
port or examination and without any statistics m
regard to the imports, and without elaborate dis-
cussion.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to amend'the
elev.enth section,page 29, line twenty^one, by in-
creasing $6 to $12, so as to make the paragraph
read, " on brimstone crude, $12 per ton."
Mr. THAYER. I hope* the^comitiittee,;wi!l
not adopt that amendment. The article On vfrhicK
the gentleman recommends' this very' great 'ad-
vance of duty.is the foundation of ft'! tl)e"chem-
ical industry'of this country. The duty, hereto-
fore hq.ss been '$3 per toil. It is proposed i'n fh|
bill to advance that to doubling' the formAi'
duty—and it is proposed' by tlie amendment now
offered 'to increase thdt to $12, quadrupling the
present duty. This duty is not, of course, for
protection, for the'article is not produced in this
country. • It will iQilI very heavily upon 'those en-
gaged in chemical manufactures. There are in
my district a large number of persons interested
in that branch of industry. We must remember
also that alt manufacturers have been subjected
by the recent internal revenue law to an advance
of 2 per cent, on the gross amount of their sales.
Besides, sir, there is not proposed in this kill any
counterpoise to th't immens? tax proposed to be
laid on brimstone, in the shape of duties on'arti-
cles into the manufacture of which that article
enters. I hope the committee will not quadruple
the present duty. I lnjd intended to move an
amendment reducing the duty on brimstone from
jpC to $3 per ton. I believe, from information
which I have received from gentlemen engaged
in chemical manufactures, of which this article
constitutes the basis, that the present duty is as
large,coupled with the additional taxation imposed
by the revenue bill, as should be imposed upon
it. I believe ihat the doubling of it,as proposed
m the bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, would be laying an unequal burden
on that bianch of indusiry; and the proposition
to quadruple it would, in my opinion,be a gross
injustice. 1 hope, therefore, that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Vermont will be
rejected.
Mr. ICASSON. I wish to say a few words in
support of the amendment, and to acquaint my
friend from Pennsylvania with the reason for it.
I think he cannot be fully acquainted with the
matter, or his action would be the reverse of
what it now is.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be necessary for
the gentleman to propose an amendment'to the
amendment, as debate is exhausted.
Mr KASSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making ihe duty on brimstone two cents
per pound. According to the latest commercial
statistics about forty million pounds of brimstone
are annually imported into this country. It is
also used in the manufacture of powder, but not
by any means to the largest extent. Only twelve
per cent, of the ingredients of powder is brim-
stone. Eight pounds of powder contain about
one pound of brimstone. K is also used in the
manufacture of the oil of vitriol, of which large
amounts arc manufactured. 1 have taken pains
to inquire of one of the manufacturers of vitriol,
who, by the way, happens to be a member of this
House, and he told me that a tax of three centsa
pound upon crude brimstone would affect the
price of the oil of vitriol to the amount of one
cent per pound only.
But I must he short, as my health will not per-
mit me to speak at length. Let me therefore say
in brief that the investigations I have made and
the information I have received from parties in-
terested and disinterested lead me to the conclu-
sion that no duty you can impose upon an imported
article will be felt so lightly by the consuming
interests of the country as the proposed duty upon
brimstone. And although t nave said two cents
per pound, I really believe the article will bear it
better than many articles in the bill will bear the
rates you have put upon them.
The protection to manufactures wc have made
most emphatic. We have almost lost sight in
this bill, in some respects, of the consumers. It
does not lie m the mouth of the manufacturer to
come here and say that a tax like this.does in-
justice to them. Let us raise our revenue as far
as possible from those things consumed by in-
dividual consumers in small amount^, instead of
putting it where the consumption is large and the
tax largely felt. It is upon that principle that I
advocate this amendment
