THE GO N,jGip S^1;GN AJj-- foLQffpv
J mie 4
,1 say nowt-hat the recommendation of the coni-
ijHttee,iri my judgment, isfoosniall. I,however,
stand'.by the action of the committee at ihis'ti'me.
A,duty of icent per pound, amounCius tb $20 a
tori,"^o'uld hot have an appreciable fcnect upon
the price of articles manufactured out of the arti-
die of lirimston'e. I.hope no change will be made
ih 'the way of reduction; if any is rftpde it should
lje in the'way'of increase." I say again thatmari:
ufactiirers are'largeiy^p'rotectpsl $P"d fulfy cared
they consume very smalt quantities of
ib'Os'e- arlifcles whicfi 'y/4- "have Krgefy protected;
tr.„ PjORIlttAi... "tti? |s perhaps the'only
K ,iniifcy, immediate cpnstituen'ts or
townsmen are directly interested. In ray own
tov/nthcre is St) immense quantity of sulphate of
Ironj which, if' this duty' should be put upon
hriitistoiie.wouldb'e of incalculable value. I was
witling, before t1je action of the Committee of
Wtys and Means, that it should not have n pro-
tAtion beyond'the extent of jj6 per ton. I think
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is some-
what mistaken as to the extent to which this arti-
cle is used in various chemicals. If the duty
should be raised evei  as high us,proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, arid much more
if raised to the extent proposed by the gentleman's
amendment, it would raise very much the price of
many articles now manufactured by our chemists,
so' much bo that it would be impossible hereafter
to produce' them. At the present moment the
United States are yery large consumers of brim-
stone, as it enters.lHrgely into the composition of
gunpowder. It also enters into the business of
pianufsiclurers iu various ways. The first draft
pf the bill doubles .the duty and the amendment
offered in behalf of the Committee of Ways and
MVaija quadruples "it.
I wnll not discuss the matter further, but leave
it to the commiitee to decide.
Mr. itASSON. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. TI-lAYE\l, I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Vermont, by
tiirilcing out " twelve" and inserting " three." I
must be allowed, sir, to say that the gentleman
from Iowa, when he talks about protecting man-
ufacturers, nnd in the same breath advocates such
a burdeii upon one of the most important of those
interests as that which he has just proposed, falls
into a great inconsistency. Let him tell us what
other articles are taxed as he proposes by his
amendment to tax this article—at the rate of one
hundred per cent. Before he sat down I believe
hu sniil he would advocate a duty of one cent a
pound, which would be a tax of two hundred per
cent. Now, sir, is that a scale of duties which
has heretofore been applied by Congress to raw
materials not produced in this country, entering
largely into the industry of the country, and not
in the list of luxuries ?
The gentleman's last proposition is to lay a duty
of two hundred per cent, upon an article not pro-
duced in this country, which forms the basis of
all the chemical industry of the country, and that
when there is not in 'he bill a single counterpoise,
or a single correlative advantage in favor of the
manufaetutrraof the articles into which brimstone
enters as « constituent. '
Sir, the injustice as well as the folly of such a
proposition as that, it seems,to me, must be self-
evident. i do not know why the House should
go out of its way to impose ail unusual and un-
equal tax upon this branch of industry—a tax
which will be a heavier burden upon it than any
which has been laid upon any other manufactur-
ing interest. 1 do riot see, sir, why any particu-
lar discrimination should be made against the
"manufacturers of chemicals in adjusting this tariff.
If the House adopts a rate of duty on this article
proportioned to the other rates of duty imposed
upon foreign raw materials used by manufactur-
ers, it will tie a rate with which this interest will
be perfectly satisfied, and with which 1 think
everybody should be satisfied. 1 see no reason
why an exception to the ordinary rate which is
adopted should be made against this interest o!
the manufacturers of chemicals.
Mr. Chairman, in looking over the provisions
of this bill I am obliged to say that 1 have felt
some surprise at some of its features, and I have
been equally surprised at some of its omissions.
1 observe, fbr instance, that there 13 no tax im-
posed anywhere on soda in any of its shapes;
and yet in this very bill there is a prohibitory
duty imposed upon glass and soap—articles in
the manufacture' of wh'iclV soda is principally
used. Is the Government entitled to no compen-
sation for the prohibition of glass and soap, in
the shape of a small duty on soda?
Mr. MORRILL. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. We have not increased the duties very
much onglass, and on some articles of glass there
is no increase at all.
Mr.' THAYER, It is increased nearly fifty
percent.
Mr. MORRILL: The glass manufacturers in
the geritlematt *s neighborhood are claiming that
we are going to ruin them, because they have not.
sufficient protection.
Mr. TIIAYER. Iam not aware that there are
many gl^ss manufacturers in my district.
Mr. MORRILL. There are in New Jersey.
Mr. THAYER. ,f would say to thagejitleman
that I do not live in the State of New jersey, and
if I did I would not ask fpr what is unjust; but
gentlemen from that State can speak for its inter-
ests. 1 am informed-, by gentlemen in whose
knowledge upon this subject I have great confi-
dence, that a small duty on soda in its various
forms would add to the revenue $1,000,000. Yet
the Committee of Ways and Means have put a
prohibitory duty on glass and soap,and have not
put acentofduty on soda into their new bill. But,
nevertheless, they wish to discriminate against
one of the great interests of the country by put-
ting on a duty 6f $12 per ton 011 brimstone, where
the duty has heretofore been b'ut'$3; and if the
Housq should adopt the idea of the gentleman front
Iowa, [Mr. ICasson,] who speaks of protecting
manufacturers, they would put 011 it a duty of 300
per cent.!
1 will not take up the time of the committee
further; but it seems to me, sir, that both of these
propositions are unjust. 1 feel that they are un-
just to a large industrial interest of a portion of
my constituents. 1 trust, therefore, that the com-
mittee will adopt the amendment which I have
proposed; but if they <lo not agree to that, 1 hope
they will vote down the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Vermont, and leave the duty
as it was oii^inally reported in llie bill.
Mr. KASSON. A single word in reply to the
gentleman. The price of this article in the mar-
ket is now about $70 per ton; and this is only a
tax of 20 per cent, ad valorem. In regard to the
article of soda, to which the gentleman refers, I
think he is right in saying that a tax ought to be
imposed upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
„ The question recurred 011 the amendment.
Mr. KENTON demanded tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thaykk
and Kenton were appointed. —'
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 20 1 move to in-
sert after line twenty-two the following:
On eitriua- Iio.uin or fiO cent.- piT buslu'l of filly
pound*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to insert the
following:
On ejtsM.i, ccnts per pound ; on ground cu^m, tioents
pur pound; ou cinnamon, -10 cjhiu^ p**r pound.
Tin) amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, 1 move to in-
crease the duty on chiccory from 5 cents to 10
cents pei pound. I believe it is imported for the
express purpose of atiulterjling coffee,and I can
see no reason why it should bo admitted at the
same rate of duty as coffee. I hope we shall not
encourage the use or growth of it. { look for-
ward to the day as not being far distant when we
shall be able to import coffee duty free; and I do
not want to commence the practice of adultera-
ting coffee, which is so universally practiced in
every part of the world. It is almost impossible
in England to get a cup of good coffee. Half or
two thirds of what is used as coffee.is chiccory.
1 haye drank some of it there myself and know
something about it. I hope Congress will do
nothing to encourage tlx1 adulteration of coffee, a
drink which has- become ho general; and 1 hope
my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment will
not be ad'opted'. I brieve the'aimo'st universal
testimony is that chiccory is at least a haimitiss
article. Some con tend' that jt is even heakhlu!;
and many contend that it improves the flavor of
coffee. That is a question of taste upon which I
give no opinion. 1 know it is generally used for
that purpose, as well as to cheapen the article, if
we leave the duty as it is proposed we shall have
a large amount of revenue; and I think the duty
recommended is sufficient protection'for the dan-
delion roots of Michigan or of my own State:
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 move to .amend by inserting
after line twenty-four "on pepper,.allspice, ginger,
cloves, and all other spices, a duty of 25ce,nts per
pound.'* I have looked over this bill and 1 find
jjo additional duty on apices recommended.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will say that the Committee of and
Means intend to offer in the proper placeman
amendment which will cover apices, ;
Mr. DRIGGS. If the gentleman will offer aych
an amendment to come m at the proper place I
have no objection. I see no reason why these
articles should he exempted fiom additionalduty
Mr, MORRILL. 1 will do so.
Mr. DIUGGS. I withdraw my amendment
on the promise of the gentleman from Vermont
to introduce an additional clause covering the
duty on spices.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, by insert-
ing after'line thirty, page 29, "fusil oi!  or
amylic alcohol, $2 per gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, by insert-
ing'after line twenty-four, page 29, " on cloves,
40 cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, by insert-
ing after line twenty-two, page 29, the following:
On UilMles*, ]:>enntt  perpound; on hogs' hair, 1 cent per
pound; on lilic oi Tampieo ftt>«r, i cent j>er pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, 1 move to amend, by insert-
ing after die last amendment, "on brushes of all
kinds 40 per cent, ud valorem."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.MORRILL, i move to amend,by insert-
ing, on line thii ty-foui, page 30, after the word
" red'3 the words ^ and litharge;5' so as to make
the paragraph read:
On load, white oi jed, und litharge, dry or ground iy oil,
3 cents ptn pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr MORRILL. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing after line forty-two, page 30, "on nutmngs,
75 cents per pound; mace, 50 cents per pound."
Mi. HOOPER. 1 hope thoamendmentsincreas-
ing the duties on spices will not be adopted. The
quantity of these articles imported is not very
huge except of pepper and pimento; and it seems to
me that such extravagant duties must lead to an
increased tiado with the Canadas; that our sup-
ply of these articles will come in across the Can-
ada line; with the proposed increase of duty they
will be so large in value and so small in bulk that
great inducement is held out for smuggling them.
The cost of maec is about ^3 cents per pound,
and of nutmegs about 30 cents; the addition of
this duty will make the price of thse articles about
per pound. So heavy a duty upon them will
only encourage a smuggling trade with the Can-
adas, and will not increase the revenues of the
Govei nment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend in line
forty-four, page 30, by insetting after the woid
"gallon" the words "castor oil, $1 per gallon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. MORRILL. In line forty-five,same page,
I move to amend so as to make " onauthicethei *'
read "cenanthic ether."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the forty-
sixth line of the same section by adding the fol-
lowing:
Peanuts, or ground beans, 4 cems per pound; shelled, 6
eent^ per pound.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. MORRijLL. I move to amend by insert-
