1763
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
no difference in the status of the conquered,
whosoever that may be. If, by some strange
reverse, the rebels should prove the stronger and
should subdue us, we will bear the same relation
to them that they in the alternate case will bear
to us. I repeat, no matter on which side victory
shall ultimately declare herself, the conquered
will bear the same relation to the conqueror.
This is an important proposition, and I pause
to ask it there be reason to doubt it. Upon what
principle will we, in either case, have less or
more rights than the rebels in the like case? Are
we not, under the laws of war, equal combatants?
Of, rather, are we less worthy than they, that we,
if conquerors, will have limited rights over them,
while they, if conquerors, will have absolute
rights over us?
If it be urged that our rights as conqucrors
will be restricted by the fact that this is a civil
war, the answer is, it is a civil war on both sides.
I repeat, no reason can be adduced in favor of a
different status fur the conquered, if the con-
quered be either side, and that status must be
determined by the laws of war.
Now, there is but one law of war, and that is
that the weaker must submit to the will of the
stronger. There is no legal limit to the power of
the conqueror. This will be manifest when we
reflect that the appeal to arms is an appeal to the
will of the stronger; in prosecuting which the
stronger is ascertained by measuring strength.
That the law of war is the will of the conqueror
would not be disputed if it were not for some
confusion in the use of words, We speak of cer-
tain laws by which the will of the conqueror is
restrained. It is said that by the laws of war
prisoners may not be killed, privateers may not
be treated as pirates, and so on through a long
list of restrictions on the will of the conqueror.
But all this arises from confounding language.
A law is a rule of action not only prescribed but
enforced by a superior power, it is a misnomer
to apply the term to mere voluntary customs al-
leviating in certain cases the horrors of war. Pris-
oners of war are killed, privateers are treated as
pirates; in short, all the so-called laws of war
which restrain the will of the conqueror are vio-
lated and nobody is brought to justice for the
violation. In war there is no power superior to
the conqueror, and therefore there is no law of
war restraining his will. There are such re-
straints, but not under any law of war. Theie
are customs of war arising fiom whuti it is so
usual here to scoff at, arising from a higher laio.
The enlightened civilization of the age shrinks
from acts which may be legitimately done under
the laws of war. The law of man's nature writ-
ten by his Maker in the heart of the conqueror,
and developed by the teachings of Christianity,
restrains his will; and hence arise certain customs
of war which have been miscalled laws of war.
I am not losing sight of those rules for the con-
duct of nations, both in peace and war, deduced
from the great natural principles of right and jus-
tice, and so ably treated of by writers in ourown
and other countries. The time may come when
these rules will ripen into laws in the full sense
of the word; but to bring that about, civilized
nations must combine for the purpose of enfor-
cing them, and thereby must constitute a superior
which each nation as the inferior will be bound
to obey. When that time shall come national
disputes will be settled by a congress of nations
instead of the sword, and a great stride will have
been taken toward that far-oil future when " the
nations shall learn war no more."
Hut the semi-civilization of the nineteenth cen-
tury knows no law of nations in the full sense of
the word, it prescribes what nations ought to do
in given cases, but not what they must do, and if
they disregard itsedicts, it knows no punishment
beyond the mere brulum fiUmen of a diplomatic
remonstrance.
It is enough to say that these customs of na-
tions have no binding force except to give shape
and character to the will of the conqueror. It
comes at last, therefore, to the proposition with
which we set out, that the will of the conqueror
is the law of war, and it is well if that will be
softened down by a higher law.
But it is alleged that our Government owes to
our enemies the protection of the Constitution
and laws; and that therein our case differs from
ordinary warfare. Let us examine this position.
Do they owe us any corresponding protection ?
This is nowhere alleged; and I would be loth to
grant them greater rights, under the laws of war,
than ours in the like case. It might well be asked
whether the Government owes protection of any
kind to those who repudiate allegiance to it. Our
enemies have appealed from the Constitution and
laws of the country to the laws of war, and we
have been forced to meet them in the forum of
their own choosing. Pending this appeal, the
Constitution and laws of the country have noth-
ing to do with the matter. Whether they ever
will have or not, depends upon the result. The
appeal is to the will of the stronger. Let the
stronger be ascertained, and his will submitted to.
Itis further alleged thatmany individuals within
the enemy's limits are opposed to the rebellion,
and are only not aiding us because they cannot,
and that it is unjust to involve these in the fate of
the guilty. Let us see. There are many within
our limits who are opposed to putting down the
rebellion, and are only not preventing it because
they cannot. If the rebels should conquer us, is
it un just that these should be involved in the gen-
eral ruin of our common country? It is the mis-
fortune of dissenting individuals on both sides
that they must suffer for acts they do not ap-
prove; but it is an unavoidable misfortune. When
distinct nations go to war upon some question
which not half their subjects understand, indi-
viduals will be found on both sides who do not
approve the acts of their Government. But they
must share the fate of their countrymen. The
case of the man of Union sentiments within the
limits of the rebellion is not harder than this.
War ig a condition of things in which the inno-
cent are involved in the fate of the guilty. It
operates on communities, and cannotdiscriminate
in favor of individuals. This incident of the ap-
peal to arms should be well weighed by the ap-
pellant. Ou his head will be the blood of the in-
nocent, if he appeal to arms without good cause.
It is worth While to ask how much better the
Constitution and laws would tieat these innocent
individuals. They are within the enemy's lines.
Have they sold him provisions? Have they paid
taxes for the support of Ins armies? Have they
known his designs and failed to disclose them
and thwart them? It so, the Constitution and
laws would hang them. They may be involved
in the guilt of the enemy against their will, but
they arc involved in it; and the protection of the
Constitution and laws might bring with it the
penalties of the Constitution and laws.
The horrors of war would be greatly lessened
if its consequences fell only on the guilty and
willing parties to it. But in the nature of things
this cannot be. Half an entire army may be in
the ranks unwillingly. But the opposing army
can take no notice of this, it cannotdiscriminate
between the willing and unwilling enemies.
The loyal soldier in the rebel ranks forced to
fight against his country has certainly as large
claims to the protection of his Government as
any person within the limits of the rebellion.
But during the contrnuance of the war his Gov-
ernment cannot protect him. His enemies are
its enemies; and the rights and duties of self-
defense compel it for the time to overlook his
rights and duties.
Does not this cover the whole ground? Those
within the limits of the rebellion, however will-
ing, cannot maintain and uphold their rightful
Government. They arc forced, not physically,
perhaps, but by all surrounding circumstances,
to commit acts which, under the civil law, are
treason. All the Government can do it does. It
foregoes for the time its claim to their allcgiance,
its right to their support. It relieves them from
the penalties of the civil law, and treats them
under the usages of war.
I return to the ending of the war by conquest.
It is certainly possible for the rebels to prove the
stronger, and so possess themselves of us and ouis
under the most absolute of all rights—the right of
conquest. But there is little danger of this, unless
we revive the almost obsolete Democratic doctrine
that States cannot be coerced; that our enemies
cannotconstitutionally be beaten into good beha-
vior; that it is legitimate for traitors to take up
arms, because they do it by the sacied right of
revolution; but that loyal men may not resist
them by arms, because loyal men are icstiained
by the Constitution; and the Constitution no-
where authorizes one man to shoot at another
across a State line. I say there is little danger
unless we revive this notion, and so get beaten
with our hands tied. And there is as little danger
of our reviving it. We cannot forget that the
Democratic party died of that idea, or rather is
lingering toward its death, tottering side by side
with the institution of slavery—a pair of drivel-
ing dotards, consoling each other with the old
song—
" We clamb the hill thegither,
And mony a canty day, John, we had wiJ ane amiher;
Now we maun lotter down, John, but hand m hand we'll go,
And we'll sleep tkcgilher at the foot, John Anderson my
Joe.'*
Some gentlemen of antiquarian tastes are try-
ing to exhume the buried past and restore the old
Democratic dynasty which governed the country
so long and in former times so well. Certain
conservative resurrectionists and. benevolent old
Whigs who could see no beauties in living De-
mocracy have taken hold of its withered remains
and are trying to breathe a little life into them.
But it is in vain. Revolutions even in politics
never go backwards. Political parties know no
resurrection. In its full manhood,under the rule
of Jackson, that organization could grapple fear-
lessly and successfully with any set of circum-
stances. " But age crept on," and under the
morlal sage of Wheatland the south breeze made
its old limbs tremble. It confessed its inability
to cope with rebels, and begged only that it might
live out its short term in peace. The people of
the United States will be slow to believe the Dem-
ocratic party has become wiser or stronger since,
and will hesitate in 1864 to trust their destiny to
those who in 1860 acknowledged they knew no
constitutional means to put down rebellion. It
is necessary that the Democratic party should be-
come extinct that democracy itself shall be saved
to the woild.
I have already said there are no limits to the
power of the conqueror, no restraints upon his
will but those arising from his own nature and
the mollifying influence of Christian civilization.
This is not only true during war but it remains
so at and after its termination until civil laws or
treaties are made for regulating the future conduct
of the parties.
But it is urged that our Government is one of
limited powers; that many acts perfectly right
under some forms of government wiH not do here;
that somehow the Constitution binds down our
otherwise absolute right of conquest. Let us see.
Our Government is indeed one of limited powers,
but only so with respect to its own citizens.
Towaid other nations its powers are absolute.
It is limited in its administration of civil law; but
as a belligerent it is under no more restraint than
Russia or France. The limitations of constitu-
tional Governments have no outside application
whatever. With us the supreme power is not
all lodged in the President nor in Congress nor
in the States nor in the people, but is parceled
out among all these according to a system of our
own. Therefore it is that questions aiise about
the rights of the people, the rights of the States,
the rights of Congress and of the Pres'dent. But
other nations have nothing to do with these ques-
tions, nor have opposing belligerents, it is
enough for them that absolute sovereignty exists
and that as to them it isexeicisod through the
General Government.
For all purposes of war and conquest, I repeat,
our Government is absolute. Those who dis-
pute this will still admit that we might enter into
a treaty with the rebels by which we might ac-
knowledge their independence. In other words,
that the President and Senate might cede the terri-
tory of the rebel States to a foreign Power, and
that, too, either with or without the consent of
the people interested. Doe3 not this look like
possessing absolute sovereignty for war pur-
poses?
I have already said that the right of conquest
is not affected by the fact that the belligerents
heretofore acknowledged allegiance to a common
Government. But it is said we cannot conquer
our own territory. Why not? The Government
has a limited sovereignty over that terntot y by the
Constitution. Why may it not acquire an abso-
lute one by conquest? A man having a limited
estate in lands may acquire a larger one into which
the smaller will merge. In the trial of a prize
cause, if it should appear that the comniaudcr and
