27"46
THE 'GONGEESSIONAL CxLOBE.
Jrnie 4,
Mr. MORRILL. ' If this bill is passed there
will remain a specific duty on it under existing
laws, though not maintained in the, present bill.
' Mr. DRIGGS. I thought as we were raising
additional duties on spices we ought .not to-for-
get that article*, but'undei-the gentleman's state-
ment I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL/- I move to insert ori'page 32,
after the word " statuary," inline twenty-nine,
•the words t'brocatella, sienna, and verde antique,"
•and to insert in line, thirty, after the word "foot,"
ithe words "and in addition thereto-25 per cent.
ad valorem;" so that the Clause wilt'read:
' On marBle, wliite statuary, broeatfellaj'sienna, and verde
•antique, to Woek, rough or squared, 25 per cubic foot,
•andin addition ijipreto 25 percent, ai valorem. -
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line thirty-two I move
to strike out1" 75" and insert "50;" so that the
clause will read:
"On mined marble and marble of all other descriptions,
not-otherwise provided for, fn block, rough or squared, SO
cents per cubic foot, and In addition thereto 20 per cent.
ad valorem. .
• .Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
irom Vermont his reason for increasing the duty
upon marble to the extent proposed by the amend-
ment whioh he now proposes?
" Mr. MORRILL. I suppose-the gentleman
from Massachusetts asks that question for'the
purpose,of basing an argument upon it, and not
because he is ignorant of the purpose.
Mr. GOOCH. I ask the question in good
faith. ,
Mr.MORRILL. Ofcourse; I understand that.
The main object is to increase the revenue. Tinder
on ad valorem system the importation of marble,
although it sells here for from one to four dollars
per cubic foot, I am informed it can be invoiced
• at any price the importers may please, and if the
duty is an a<J valorem one they will pay compar-
atively nothing; and ,1 will say to the gentleman
that the various interests engaged in this business
are entirely satisfied with this proposition of the
committee, both those who import and those who
have quarries. This wilt certainly secure t# the
Government, on the marble imported of this char-
acter, 50 cents per cubic foot, and a small ad va-
lorem duly. 1 am informed that marble is invoiced
at 64 cents a square foot which sells here at a very
much higher price.
Mr. GOOCII. I oppose the amendment of the
gentlemen from Vermont, and 1 intend to move
to reduce the duty still further. By the last act,
that of 1862, the duty ma the better qualities of
marble was 75 cpnts per ct|bic foot, and upon
marble of all descriptions, not otherwise provided
for, 40 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not.opposing my amendment
but arguing in favor of it; that is, of a reduction.
Mr. GOOCH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment in the form in which it is. I am opposed
to the House changing the rate from 75 cents to
50 cents, because 1 think another and different
clmnge should he made. I am, theiefore, opposed
to it; ami 1 move, as an amendment to the amend-
ment, to strike 6ut all after the word " squared,"
in the thirty-second line, down to the woid
" thereto," and to insert in lieu thereof " 80 per
cent.;" so as to make the duty 80 per cent, ad
valorem.
I think this is a proposition which should sat-
isfy everybody. We propose now to double the
amount ofduty on marble, and that I think should
satisfy those who are engaged in the marble in-
to est m this country. I believe that the duty in the
form in which it is proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means will virtually be prohibition
and will not give us any revenue at all from mar-
ble. As the bill was originally reported, the tax
was from a hundred and forty to a hundred and
fifty per cent, on the vaiue of the article, and was
designed, it seems to me, to prohibit the impor-
tation of marble instead of being designed to reg-
ulate it and give us a revenue from it, and it was
for that reason that I asked the gentleman from
Vermont the reason why this duty was proposed.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-K. 1 certainly hope that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will not prevail. There is no member
on the floor of the House whose constituency is
so deeply interested in this question as myself.
Almost all the marble of the country, ccrtainly
all the ftrie marble, so far as I know,' i's'quarried
within my district. It is known, or should be
known; to members of this Souse, that the Ital-
ian marble quarries are owned'by importers, that
the cost of labor amounts to but a mere trifle in
that country, and that the freight is very low, as
the marble fe**brought in ships from the -Mediter-
ranean iff ballast.
".'My'-wishWas—and,I should h ve deemed it just
to'the Government, and a wise measure, as far as
revenue is concerned—td liave raised the specific
duty to 75cents,'and 20 pfer cent, a&valoreinin ad-
dition thereto. But'a|ood deal offeelingexisted'in
regard to the matter; and after the report of the
committee came in, providing for those rates, the
representative's of the importers of Italian mSrble
came here, and, on consultation .held between
that interest and" the interest which I represent,
they came to the conclusion that the amendment,
as proposed by the gentleman from Vermont,
■would be satisfactory to all parties'. The_gentle-
men representing the quarried marble interest
would be perfectly willing to have 100 or 125 per
cent, ad'valorem duty imposed, because the arti-
cle is invoiced at just such price as they see fit to
invoice it at, as they are the owners of the quar-
ries. It has been invoiced at 64 cents a cubic
foot. Should it become necessary, under an ad
valorem duty, it could just as well be invoiced at
40 cents. The importers know this, and have
sought to retain an ad valorem rather than a spe-
cific duty, to which the representatives of the
marble interests of this country most seriously
object.
For the sake of giving a due and proper protec-
tion to the marble interest of this country, to these
importers of foreign marble, the representatives
of both interastsgot together and agreed upon the
rates reported by the gentleman from Vermont in
his amendment; that is, a specific duty of 50
cents per cubic foot instead of 75 cents. The
importers say that under that duty then business
can still be carried on. The representatives of
the marble inteiest in this country, though not
entirely satisfied with that, came to theconclusion
not to object to that, and signified thoir views to
the member of the CommitteeofWaysand'Means,
my colleague, [Mr. Morrill.] In accordance
with that agreement made by these two interests,
fully and fairly represented, it was concluded that
both interests would accept the 50 cents duty as
provided in the amendment offered by my col-
league. While I do not think it is enough, while
I do not think it protects the labor of the coun-
try, the cost of which has increased within the
last three years nearly if not quite 75 per cent.,
yet I am willing, under all the circumstances, to go
for the amendment as proposed by my colleague,
and I hope it will be agreed to. In my judgment
it is not too high a duty, but is rather too small.
Had I my own way 1 certainly would propose
the duty as first proposed, 75 instead of 50 cents
per cubic foot. But I am bound in honor to agree
to the rate of 50 cents, and 1 hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
Mr. GOOCII. I move to amend the amendment
so as to mafte it 40 instead of 50 cents per cubic
foot.
Mr. Chairman, I <lo not understand this matter
precisely as it is understood by the gentleman from
Vermont who spoke last. I do not understand
that the marble manufacturers of this country are
satisfied to accept this provision as it is now pro-
posed to amend it by the Committee of Ways and
Means. I understand thatthe question which was
submitted to them was whether they would have
50 cents or 75 cents per foot, and of course they
would take 50 cents rather than 75.
Mr. WOODl-SRlDGli. 1 a«k the gentleman to
allow me to say a word in explanation.
Mr. GOOCH. I will it" it does not come out of
my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will come out of the
gentleman's tune.
Mr. GOOCH. Then I cannot yield. I appre-
hend that very few parties who are affected by
this change have been here. I have heard of only
two or three who have been here at all in connec-
tion with this matter, and the proposition before
therh was simply between 50 and 75cents per foot.
But I understand fiom men who have not been
hero at all that they are opposed to this legislation.
They cannot understand why a duty of 144 per
cent, should be imposed upon the article of marble,
when it is in conflict with the general principles
which have been observed in the imposition of
duties upon other articles. They are at a loss to
see why this particular article should be selected
and made to pay a duty of 144 per cent., as the
clause in the original bill provided.
The committee now propose to'strike out 75and
and insert 50 cents per foot, leaving a duty of more #
than 100 per cent, on the article of marble.
Now, sir, k seems to me that there'-must have
been some other object in view in the'framing of
this bill than merely the raising of revenue. I
can understand very well why the gentleman; be-
fore me [Mr. Woodbridge] is in favor of the
highest duty named. He states his reason very
frankly—if-no marble was imported the vsil'ue of
Vermontmarble would be increased and the inter-
ests of his constituents would be promoted. That
is true, but should we increase the revenue of the"
Government by it? The very argument shows
that it is not revenue but protection that was
sought in framing this bill. I protest against a
protection of over 100 per cent, on the article of
marble although it may be beneficial to the State
of Vermont or any other State in this Unionl
It is true, as the gentleman says, that the in-
voices of this marble are at the rate of 65 cents
per cubic foot, but nobody objects that that is not
a fair price. The gentleman says that it may as
well be invoiced at 40 cents per cubic foot. It
has not been done, it has been invoiced at 65
cents, which is conceded to beafair price; and it
will continue to be invoiced at the same price.
If my amendment is adopted, and the ad valorem
system continued, I think the 80 per cent. I have
proposed is quite sufficient.
But, sir, the change which this bill proposes to
make ffom ad valorem to specific duty will work
a considerable disadvantage to the Government.
If specific duties are adopted instead of ad valorem,
the labor of the Government will be increased,
and the expenses of the importer, in determining
the amount of duty to be paid.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that this is clearly
one of the provisions of this bill where the'-Hou^e
should not follow the Committee of Ways and
Means, but that we should bring down the rate
of duty to some fair standard of increase, especially
when we consider that while the committee have
been thus anxious to increase the duty on-the raw-
material, they have left a'duty of only 50 per cent,
ypon manufactured marble.
Mr. MORRILL. I am a little surprised at the ,
extreme earnestness of my friend from Massa-
chusetts. I should rather hear from some gen-
tleman coming from a marble district in thatState.
It is perfectly evident that the gentleman from
the Maiden district, which produces no marble,
has been, I will not say crammed, but has received
his information from some one who represents
an interest, perhaps, within his own district, but
not the interest of his State. Now, sir, I am not
here to ask for protection upon this article; 1 am
here merely for the purpose of having justice done
between the maible quarry men, the marble manu-
facturers, and the Government. Under our sys-
tem it is evident that this material in the rough
block is not subjected to anything like the tax it
ought to be, and that it cannot be done. When
the article in this country sells at $4 a foot, is it
not perfectly obvious to every man m this House
that it cannot be fairly valued if it is introduced as
costing only 64 cents? Let me inform you what
the process is on the part of these gentlemen who
do not happen to own aquairy in Italy. 1 give the
facts as they have been reported to me, whether
true or not I do not know. They go there, I am
credibly informed, and around these quarries find
hundreds and hundreds of blocks of refuse marble
valued at nothing. The owners would be glad to
have them removed, and ask nothing. The pur-
chaser will buy five hundred of these blocks,
never intending to remove but one hundred, and
comes here with an invoice of those blocks at the
designated average price t>f the five-hundred, ami
real purchasers at bona fide prices find lal-or so
cheap in Italy and freight by water so low that
marble can be landed on our shores at very incon-
siderable prices.
\ Now, the gentlemen who are conducting this
| very business admit with the rate we pi opose that
I they can continue their business—that it is not
: prohibition—so that the Government will not only
, receive what it did before, but a very largely in-
