142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United Stqtes. '
amendment, who has at any time assumed the
rights of a citizen by voting at any election held
under authority of the laws of any State or Ter-
ritory, or of the United States, or who has held
any office under such laws or any of them; but
the fact that any such person of foreign birth has
voted or held, or shall vote or hold, office as afore-
said, shall be taken as conclusive evidence that he
is not entitled to exemption from military service
on account of alienage.
Sec. 19. Andbeilfurther enacted,Thatallclaims
to exemption shall be verified by the oath or af-
firmation of the party claiming exemption to the
truth of the facts stated, unless it shall satisfacto-
rily appear to the board of enrollment that such
party-is for some good and sufficient reason un-
able to make such oath or affirmation; and the
testimony of any other party filed in support of a
claim to exemption shall also be made upon oath
or affirmation.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That if any
person drafted and liable to render military ser-
vice shall procure a decision of the board of en-
rollment in his favor upon a claim to exemption
by any fraud or false representation practiced by
himself or by his procurement, such decision or
exemption shall be of no efFect, and the person
exempted, or in whose favor the decision may be
made, shall be deemed a deserter, and may be
arrested, tried by court-martial, and punished as
such, and shall be held to service for the full term
for which he wasdrafted, reckoning from the time
of his arrest: Provided, That the Secretary of War
may order the discharge of all persons in the mil-
itary service who are under the age of eighteen
years at the time of the application for their dis-
charge, when it shall appear upon due proof that
such persons are in the service without the con-
sent, either express or implied, of their parents
orguardians: Jlnd provided further, That such per-
sons, their parents or guardians, shall first re pay to
the Governmentand to the Statu and local author-
ities all bounties and advance pay which may have
been paid to them, anything in the aet to which
this is an amendment to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall procure, or attempt to procure,
a false report from the surgeon of the board of
^enrollment concerning the physical condition of
any drafted person, or a decision in favor of such
person by the board of enrollment upon a claim
to exemption, knowing ttie same to be false,shall,
upon conviction in any districtor circuit courtof
the United States, be punished by impiisonment
for the period for which the party was drafted.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the
fees of agents and attorneys for making out, and
causing to be executed, any papers in support of
a claim for exemption from draft, or for any ser-
vices that may be rendered to the claimant, shall
not, in any case, exceed five dollars; and physi-
cians or sujgeons furnishing certificates of dis-
ability to any claimant for exemption from draft
shall not be entitled to any fees or compensation
therefor. And any agent or attorney who shall,
directly or indirectly, demand or receive any
greater compensation for his services under this
act, and any physician or surgeon who shall,di-
rectly or indirectly, demand or receive any com-
pensation for furnishing said certificates of dis-
ability, and any officer, elerlc, or deputy connected
with the board of enrollment who shall receive
compensation from any drafted man for any s"r-
vicea, or obtaining the performance of such sei-
vico required from any member of said board by
the provisions of this act, shall be deemed guilty
of a high misdemeanor, and, upon conviction,
Khali, for every such offense, be fined not exceed-
ing five bundled dollars, to be recovered upon in-
foimation or indictment beforeanycourtof com-
petent jurisdiction, one half for the use of any
informer who may piosecute for the same in the
name of the United States, and the other half f..r
the useof the United States, and shall also be sub-
ject to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one
year, at the diseretion of the court.
Sec. 23. And be it farther enactcd, That no
member of the board of enrollment, and no sur-
geon detailed or employed to assist the board of
enrollment, and no clerk, assistant, or employe,
of any provost marshal or board of emolimern,
shall, directly or indirectly, be engaged in pro-
curing, or attempting to procure, substitutes for
persons drafted, or liable to be drafted, into the
military service of the United States. And if any
member of a board of enrollment, or any such sur-
geon, clerk, assistant, or employe shall procure,
or attempt to procure, a substitute for any person
drafted, or liable to be drafted, as aforesaid, he
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall, upon conviction, be punished by imprison-
ment not less than thirty days, nor more than six
months, and pay a fine not less than one hundred
nor more than one thousand dollars, by any court
competent to try the offense.
Sec. 24. Andbeiifurther enacted, Thatall able-
bodied male colored persons, between the ages of
twenty and forty-five years, resident in the United
States, shall be enrolled according to the provis-
ions of this act, and of the act to which this is an
amendment, and form part of the national forces;
and when a slave of a loyal master shall be drafted
and mustered into the service of the United States,
his master shall have a certificate thereof, and
thereupon such slave shall bo free; and thebounty
of one hundied dollars, now payable by law for
each drafted man, shall bo paid to the person to
whom such drafted person was owing service or
labor at the time of his muster into the service of
the United States. The Secretary of War shall
appoint a commission in each of the slave States
represented in Congress, charged to award to each
loyal person to whom a colored volunteer may
owe service a just compensation, not exceeding
three hundred dollars for each such colored vol-
unteer, payable out of the fund derived from com-
mutations, and every such colored volunteer, on
being mustered into the service, shall be free.
And in all cases where men of color have been
heretofore enlisted, or have volunteered in the
military service of the United States, all the pro-
visions of this act, so far as the payment of bounty
and compensation are provided, shall he equally
apphcable as to those who may be hereafter re-
cruited ; but men of color, drafted or enlisu d, or
who may volunteer into the military service,
while they shall be credited on the quotas of the
several States, or subdivisions of States, wherein
they are respectively drafted, enlisted, or shall
volunteer, shall not be assigned as State troops,
but shall be mustered into regiments or compa-
nies as United States colored troop--?.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That tho fif-
teenth section of the act to which this is amend-
atory be so amended that it, will i'-ad as follows:
Thar, any surgeon, charged with the duty of such
inspection, who shall receive from any person
whomsoever nnv money or other valuable thing,
or agree, directly or indirectly, to recuve the
same to his own or another's* use, for making an
imnerfect inspection, or a false or incorrect re-
port, or who shall willfully neglect to make a
faithful inspection and true leport, and each mem-
ber of the board of enrollment who shall willfully
agree to the dischai^e from service of any drafted
person who is not legally and properly entitled
to such discharge, shall be tried by a court-mar-
11a 1, and, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine not less than three hundred dollars and not
more than ten thousand dollars, shall be impris-
oned ut the discretion of the court, and be cash-
/ icred and dismissed the service.
Sec. 26. And he it further enacted, That the
wosds "precinct" and ''election disti ic'," as used
m this act, shall not be construed to requite any
i] subdivision for peapo.-.es of enrollment and draft
l^ss than the ward** into which any city or village
ji may be divided, or than the towns or townships
ij into which any county may be divided.
j; Sri;. 27. Andbc it further enacted. That so much
ji of the act entitled "An actfor enrolling and cali-
!! ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
i| poses," approved March third, eighteen hundred
i; and sixty-three, as may be inconsistent with the
!' provisions of this act, is hereby repealed.
|l Approved, February 24, lt>G4.
be, and the same' is hereby, revived in the Army
of the United States; and the President is hereby
authorized, whenever he shall deem it expedient,
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a lieutenant general, to be selected
from among those officers in the military service
of the United States, not below the grade of ma-
jor general, most distinguished for courage,skill,
and ability, who, being commissioned as lieuten-
ant general, may be authorized, under tH^direc-
tion, and during the pleasure of the President, to
command the armies of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the lieu-
tenant general appointed as hereinbefore provided
shall be entitled to the pay, allowances,and staff
specified in the fifth section of the act approved
May twenty-eight, seventeen hundred and ninety-
eight; and also the allowances described m the
sixth section of the act approved August twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and forty-two, granting
additional rations to certain officers: Provided,
That nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued in any way to affect the rank, pay, or al-
lowances of Wmfield Scott, Lieutenant General
by "brevet, now on the retired list of the Army.
Approved, -February 29, 1864.
Ciiap. XV.—An Act to extend the Time for the
withduuval^of Goods from Public Stores and
Bonded Warehouses, and for other purposes.
Be it- enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, now in public stores orbonded warehouses,
on which dutiesare unpaid, and which shall have
been in bond more than one year, and less than
three years, at the time of the passage of this
act, may be entered for consumption, and the
bonds canceled at any time before the first day
of September next on payment of duties and
chatges accoiding to law; and that all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act be, and -the same are hereby, repealed.
Tins act to tnk<> eft' et from and after its passage.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
term " license," in the first proviso to the fifteenth
section of the act entitled " An act increasing tem-
porary the duties on imports, and forother pur-
poses," approved July fourteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, shall be held to extend to all
vessels authorized by law to engage in the coast-
ing trade, whether sailing undei registers or en-
rollments and licenses.
Approved, February 29, 18G4.
Ch vp. XIV.—An Act re\ iving the grade of Lieu-
il tenant General in the United States Army,
ji Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rtpre-
ji sentaticcs vfthe Untied States t>f\ haeru.it hi Congress
fl assembled* That (he grade of !,tf utermnt General
Chap. XVI.—An Act to authorize the Appoint-
ment of a Wai den of the Jail in the District of
Columbia.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America! nCongress
assembled, Thatthe Presuh ntof the United States
shall appoint, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, some suitable person to be
warden of the jail in the District of Columbia,
who shall hold his office for the term of four years,
and who shall receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred dollars, which shall include all fees and
emoluments. And said warden shall annually,
m the month of November, make a detailed report
to the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it fin ther enacted, Thatthe said
warden shall have the exclusive supervision and
conti'd of the j. ills in said District, and beac-ount-
able for the safe-keeping of ail the prisoners
legally committed thereto, and shall have all
the power and discharge all the duties heretofore
legally cxeicised and discharged over said jails
and the prisoners therein by the marshal of the
said District.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurthercnacted, Thatthe warden
of the penitentiary in the said Distnct, upon the
oid r of the supreme court of said Distiict or
the Secretary of the Intenor, shall transport all
convicts sentenced to imprisonment beyond the
limits of said District to the place of confine-
ment, receivi ig therefor the actual expenses of
himself, guard, and of each convict. And in case
of absence or other disability of said warden, the
warden of said jail having the custody of said
convicts, shall, upon order asnforesaid, transport
