1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong-.... 1st Sbss.
them to the place of confinement, receiving there-
for the compensation aforesaid.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said
warden shall, before entering upon the duties of
the office, execute to the United Statesa bond for
the faithful performance of the duties thereof in
the penal sum of five thousand dollars, with sure-
ties to be approved by some judge of the supreme
court ot said District.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts ofacis coming m conflict with the provis-
ionsofthis act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, February 29, 1864.
Chap. XVII.—An Act suplementary to an Act
entitled "An Act to provide Ways and Means
for the support of the Government," approved
March thud, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Unite'd States ofJlmericain Congress
assembled, That, in lieu of so much of the loan
authorized by the act of March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, to which this is supple-
mentary, the Secretary of theTrcasury is author-
ized to borrow,from time to time,on the creditofthe
United States,notexceedingtwo hundred millions
of dollars during the current fiscal year, and to
prepare and issue therefor coupon or registered
bonds of the United States, bearing date March
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, or any
subsequent period, redeemable at the pleasure of
the Government after any period not less than
five years, and payable at any period not more
than forty years from date, in coin, and of such
denominations as may be found expedient, not
less than fifty dollars, bearing interest not exceed-
ing six per centum a year, payable 011 bonds not
over one hundred dollars, annually, and on all
other bonds semi-annually, in coin; and he may
dispose of such bonds at any time, on such terms
as he may deem most advisable, for lawful money
of the United States, or, at his discretion, for
Treasury notes, certificates of indebtedness, or
certificates of deposit, issued under any act of
Congress; and ail bonds issued under this act
shall be exempt from taxation by or under State
or municipal authority. And the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay the necessary expenses
of the preparation, issue, and disposal of such
bonds out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, but the amount so paid
shall not exceed one half of one percentum of the
amount of the bonds so issued and disposed of.
Sec. 2 Jlad be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
issue to persons who subscribed on or before the
twenty-first day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, for bonds redeemable after five
years and payable twenty years from date, and
have paid into the Treasury the amount of their
subscriptions, the bonds by them respectively
subscribed for, not exceeding eleven millions of
dollars, notwithstanding that such subscriptions
may be in excess of live hundred niillionsofdollars;
and the bonds so issued shall have the same force
and effect as if issued under the provisions of the
act to authorize the issue of United States notes
and for other purposes, approved February
twenty-sixth, [fifth,] eighteen hundred and sixty-
two.
Approved, March 3, 1864.
Chap. XVIII —An Act to provide for the Pro-
tection of Overland Emigration to the States
and Territories of the Pacific.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmcrica inCongress
assembled, That, for the protection of emigrants
by the overland route to the States and Territories
of the Pacific, the sum of forty thousand dollais
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money in the Treosuiy not otherwise appro-
piiatcd, to be expended under the direction of the
Seeiefary ef War: Provided, That ten thousand
dollars of said appropriation shall he applied to
the protection of emigrants on the route from
Port Abercrombie by Fort Benton, and the fur-
ther sum of ten thousand dollars of said appro-
priation shall be applied to the protection of
emigrants on the route from Wtobrarah, on the
Missouri river, by the valley of the Niobrarah
and Gallatin, in Idaho.
Approved, March 3, 1864.
Chap. XX.—An Actto increase the Internal Rev-
enue, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, in lieu of the duty provided for in section
forty-one of an act entitled "An act to support
the Government and to pay interest on the public
debt," approved July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, and in addition to duties payable for
licenses, there shall be levied, collected, and paid
on all spirits that may be distilled and sold, or
distilled and removed for consumption or sale
previous to the first day of July next, of first
pioof, the duty of sixty cents 011 each and every
gallon; and said duty shall be a lien and charge
011 such spirits, and also on the interest of all
persons in default in the distillery used for distil-
ling the same, with all the stills, vessels, fixtures,
and tools therein, and 111 the lot or tract of land
whereon the said distillery is situated, until the
said duty shall be paid: Provided, That the said
duty on spirituous liquors, and all other spirit-
uous beverages enumerated in this act, shall be
collected at no lower late than the basis of first
proof, and shall be increased in proportion forany
greater strength than the strength of first proof.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That all spirits
or other articles on which duties are imposed by
the provisions of this act, or of the act referred
to in tiie first section of this act and amendments
thereto, which shall be found in the possession
or custody or within the control of any person
or persons, for the purpose of being sold by such
person or persons, in fraud of the internal rev-
enue laws, as heretofore referred to, or with de-
sign to avoid payment of said duties, may be
seized by any collector or deputy collector who
shall have reason to believe that the same are
possessed, had, or held for the purpose or design
aforesaid, that the same shall be forfeited to the
United States; and also ail articles of raw mate-
rials found in the possession of any person or
persons intending to manufacture the same for the
purpose of being sold by them, in fraud of said
laws, or with design to evade the payment of said
duties, and also all tools, implements, instruments,
and personal property whatsoever used in the place
or building,or within any yard orinclosure where
such articles on which duties are imposed, as
aforesaid, shall be found, may also be seized by
any collector or deputy collector, as aforesaid,
and the same shall be forfeited as aforesaid; and
the proceedings to enforce said forfeiture shall be
in the nature of a proceeding in rem in the circuit
or district courtof the United States for the dis-
trict where such seizure is made, or in any other
court of competent jurisdiction; and any person
who shall have in his custody or possession any
such spirits or other articles, subject to duty as
aforesaid, for the purpose of selling the same with
the design of avoiding payment of the duties im-
posed thereon, shall be liable to a penalty of five
hundreddollars,ornotless than double the amount
of duties fraudulently attempted to be evaded, to
be recovered and applied as other penalties pro-
vided by the act heretofore mentioned. And the
spirits and other articles which shall be so seized
by any collector or deputy collector shall, during
the pendency of such proceedings, be delivered
to tlie marshal of said district, and remain in his
care and custody, and under his control, until
final judgment in such proceedings shall be ren-
dered; Provided, however, That when the property
soseized may be liable to perish orbecome greatly
reduced in value by keeping, or when it cannot
bo kept without great expense, the owner thereof
or the marshal of the district may apply to the
assessor of the district to examine said property;
and if, in the opinion of said assessor, it shall be
necessary that the said property should be sold
to prevent such waste or expense, he shall appraise
the same; and the owner thereupon shall have
said property returned to him upon giving bond
in such form as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and in an amount
equal to the appraised value, with such sureties
as the said appraiser shall deem good and saffi-
cent, to abide the final order, decree,"or judgment
of the court having cognizance of the case, and
to pay the amount of said appraised value to the
marshal or otherwise, as he may be ordered-and
directed by the court, which bond shall be filed
by said appraiser with the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. But if said owner shall neglect or-
refase to give said bond, the appraiser shall issue
to the marshal aforesaid an order to sell the same.
And the Baid marshal shall thereupon advertise
and sell the said property at public auction in the
same manner as goods may be sold on final ex-
ecution in said district. And the proceedsofthe
sale, after deducting the reasonable costs of the
seizure and sale, shall be paid to the court afore-
said, to abide its final order, decree, or judgment..
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatall dis-
tilled spirits upon which an excise duty is im-
posed by law may be exported without payment
of said duty, and, when the same is intended for
exportation, may, without being'charged with
duty,be removed undcrsuch rulesand regulations
and upon the execution of such transportation
bonds or other security as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe; said bonds or other se-
curity to be taken by the collector of internal rev-
enue of the district from which such removal is
made: Provided, That the said spirits shall be
transported directly from the distillery or a bonded
warehouse to a bonded warehouse established in
conformity with the law and Treasury regula-
tions, at a port of entry of the United States, and
used for the storage of distilled spirits, and be
placed in charge of a proper officer of the customs,
who, together with the owner and proprietor of
the warehouse, shall have the joint custody of all
the distilled spirits stored in said warehouse.
And all the labor on the good's so stored shall be
performed by the owner or proprietor of the
warehouse, under the supervision of theofficerof
the customs in charge of the same, and at the ex-
pense of the said owner or proprietor; and the
said spirits shall also be subject to the same rules
and regulations, and be chargeable with the same
costs and expenses, in all respects, to which other
goods that are deposited in public store for ex-
portation from the United States may be subject.
And no drawback shall in any case be allowed on
any distilled spirits upofi which an excise duty
shall have been paid either before or after it shall
have been placed in a bonded warehouse as afore-
said; but 110 provision of this act shall be con-
strued to repeal existing laws which provide that
distilled spirits may be removed from the place
of manufacture or bonded warehouse for the pur-
pose of being redistilled for exportation, or which
provide for the manufacture for exportation of
medicines, preparations, compositions, perfume-
ry, and cosmetics; or which provide for an al-
lowance or drawback on cordials and other liquors
when expoited.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act, in lieu of the du-
ties provided in the act referred to in the first sec-
tion of this act, there shall be levied, collectpd,
and paid upon ail cotton produced or sold and
removed for consumption, and upon which no
duty has been levied, paid, or collected, a.duty of
two cents per pound; and such duty shall be and
remain a lien thereon until said duty shall have
been paid, in the possession of any person whom-
soever. And further, if any person or persons,
corpoiatio'n or association of persons remove,
can y, or tiansportthe same, or procure any other
party or parties to remove, carry, or transport
the same from the place of its production, with
the. intent to evade the duty thereon, or to defraud
the Government, before said duty shall have been
paid, such person or persons, corporation, or as-
sociation of persons shall forfeit and pay to the
United States double the amount of said duty, to
be recovered in any court of competent jurisdic-
tion: Provided, That all cotton sold by or on ac-
count of the Government of the United States
shall be free and exempt from duty at the time of
and after the sale thereof, and the same shall be
marked free, and the purchaser furnished with
snch a bill of sale as shall clearly and accurately
describe the same, which shall be deemed and
taken to be a permit authorizing the sale or re-
moval thereof.
