1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
winch lax shall lie due at the same time, and bo collected
by t!ie county col lee to i in the >amc manner, and under the
same regulation.-. and restrictions,as are prescribed by law
in relation to thecoflcctionof the county taxes, ami which
are heiehy made applicable to the collection ot the school
tax imposed by this act, and when collected shad be paid
to the ticaMiierof the school fund,and tlietreataiterol the
levy court is hereby constituted treasurerof thenchooi fund;
and (he   nM tiea-airer and collector, each, shall quality t y
making oath oratHrmation faithfully to discharge (he duties
required of him, and they shall each sjive bond to the said
boatd ol commissioners, with two sufiicient sureties, con-
ditioned for the faithful di.-tlmrge of the duties jequnedof
each of them by this act, in a sum to be fixed by the levy
court; wluch bonds, beingappiovcd by the said board ol
commissioner*, -diall be Hied with theelerkofUiefcUpieine
court of the District of Columbia, who is hereby required
to file Hie -auie. and a copy of either of said bond*, under
seal of s;ud com t, shall be sufficient evidence of the making
thereof; and the-aid tr< a-uier shall b.' p:ud t-nch compen-
sation lo  his services as the >aid board of comnnssionets
may allow, ami the said eollcetor the same fees as are al-
lowed by the --aid levy couit foi colleetinn the county tax.
.Sue. 11. And he it further enact cd, Thatm addition to the
taxes hoteb> imposed, there shall be paid to " ihe boaid of
commissioners of primary schools of Washington county,
Di.siiiel of Columbia,by tiie maishal of the Dbtuct of
Columbia, and the justices of the peace for the county of
Washington, i)Mrict ot Columbia, one half pat t of alfthe
moneys now in their hands for fines, penalties, arid torfeit-
mos accruing to the United States tor violations of law;
and it shall be the duty of said maishal and justices of the
peace to pay over every three months, from and after the
passage of this act, one hall pait of all the moneys coming
into their hands-, as aforesaid, to the &aid board of commis-
sioners of primary schnoN, for the use of said pumary
schools, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, and fail-
ing so to do shall he liable to the penalty imposed by the
second section of the act of Congress appiovcd July 12,
1883, and the whole amount standing to the credit of the
school fund when the said levy is to be made shall form a
basis to ascertain the amount of tax noeessaiy to meet the
current expenses of the school year, winch amount shall
be levied as aforesaid, and no moie.
Sec. 12. And he U further enacted, That the said board
of commissioners shall apportion the school fund among
the sevetal -ehool districts, giving to cach one seventh of
the whole amount ot school taxes collected and then in
hand, after deducting the contingent expenses of the boaid,
and one seventh of all other funds paid in, until asullicient
amount shall be in hand to puicha&c a site and erect and
furnish a school-houso in cach dmtuct, the cost of which
not to exceed $1,500, (unices by private subscription,) then
according tothe ninnbcrof children in each district attend-
ing school: Provided, That not more than the actual cx-
pensesof ea«-h distiict shall be paid: And provided Jurthcr,
Thar more than one school may be established in any one
district if the funds an; procured.
Stx. 13. Andbeit juither enacted, That in ease the said
comuuis&ionet s should not be aide to purchase suitable sites
foi the eieciion of school-houses,they shall have power to
condemn and value a suitable site oi sites foi that purpose,
not exceeding one acre of land in oath site, by giving ten
days' notice, in writing, to the proprietors thoicof, ami fil-
ing with the cicik of the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, for inspection, a ceitificatc
describing such lands, with the value a sesfed thereon,
signed by the president and ch'i k of said board of commis-
sioners, which shall be sufficient notice to the piopnctors
of such land that the said board of commissioner-ate ie,idy
to pay the amount of duinagos so assessed ; and if within
thnlyda\ ^ fiom the filingofsaid certificate the piopi ietor> of
such land shall not appeal from the decision of said com-
mi-lionets, by wiitten notice left with the said clerk of the
levyeomt, the amount mi n^os^cd shall be paid to the
ptoprietois, and the title to >nch land and premie* ^hall
pass to and he vested in '• the board of conimi^ioncis
of pt imaty -ehools of Wa-hington eountv, Dir-tuet of Co-
lumbia,*'and the :nid ceiblicate *hall bo iceoided in the
land leeoid- of ^Var-hington county, Distiict of Columbia,
and shall he final; but it the propticiors of such land and
piemisex shall, within the <aid thnty days, notify the said
eomnusMOiiers, m writhi?, left with the clerk of" the levy
court, of theii dissent hom the valuation of such land as
made by the said commissioner^, it shall be lawful for the
said commissioners, by theii president and cleilc, to i->ue
their wan ant to the niar-hal of the Di-tuct of Columbia,
commanding him to summon a jtny of five lioeholdeis, ,,ot
intciestt d in the matter, to appeal on a day to be appointed
by the -aid conmussionci^on the promises, and attefhav-
mg each taken an oath (which the marshal or an> one of
sa.d eoinmissiimeis i* authon/.ed to admnustei) that he
will, without favni oi prejudice, assess the damages ml-
turned b) the proprietor ot sa:d land by  ea«on of the con-
denmation of said land by the saidcominisslonets.theju y
so qualified --luili pioeecd to value and n-s("<s the damages
aecoidinuly; and i! the amount assessed by tin) said pny
shall not he gieater than the amount a<>e^ed by the said
commissioners, the whole costs of the s.ud appi al shall be
eham'«ablo to the appellant, be p:ud by the said conimi<-
sioneis, and deducted fiom the <'Ost of the bind in settle-
ment theiefor; otherwise tfte -aid hoard oi eonnnissioneis
shall pay the expenses in< tilled by ien-on of sueh appeal,
the maishaPs and jurors' fees to he computed accoiding to
the aet of Congiess appioved Maieh 3,lK>o, defining the
powers and duties of the levy couit.
Slo. 14. An<t he it father enacted, That the said jury,
immediately alter they shall have oomph-ted theii inquest
and assessed^ the damages, shall make out a wutten vei-
dict, setting forth a full and distinct description ot the land
and premises- and the valuation or damages assessed theic-
for. which shall be signed by them, or a majomy of them,
and, attested h\ the marshal, shall be immediately ietuinod
to the clei k of the lev) court of the county of Wa-hir.yton,
iMsiiirt of Columbia, and shall be final; and the said dam-
ages having been paid,oro!Teied to be paid, to the said pto-
jinetois, the tulc to such land shall pass to and be vested
in "the board of commissioners of primary schools of
Washington county, District of Columbia,"and the ver-
dict ot the jury shall be recorded m the land records of
Washington county, District of Columbia: Provided, That
it shall be optional with the said commissioners to abide by
said verdict, and occupy the said land or abandon it with-
out being subject to damages therefor.
Skc. 15. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful to locate any site for a school-house in any orchard
or garden, nor within three hundred >aids of any dwelling-
houso, without the consent of the proprietor of such dwell-
ing-house; and ju order to obtain such consent or refusal,
thirty days' notice shall be given to said ptoprictor by the
said commissioners, notifying such proprietor of their in-
tention ; and if within thirty days no answer is returned to
said commissioners by said prnpuetor,it shall be taken for
consent, and the said coinmisMoiK-is may procced to erect
their school-bouse without lot or binderance.
Sec. 16. And he it further enacted, That if the treas-
urer or collector, having any school funds in his hands, or
neglecting or refusing to obtain such funds as by law au-
thorized and directed, shall refuse to pay for two weeks
any order of the t-aid commissioners drawn in conformity
with the requisitions of this act, such treasureror collector
shall bo liable, on pi oof beloie any court of justice or jus-
tice of the peace having cognizance, and without stay of
execution, to pay the full amount of said order and inter-
est iheicon, at the rate of twenty per cent, per annum,
from the fir-t refusal until the da) ot payment, by way of
damages. If any collector appointed or acting under the
provisions of this act shall in any case collect more than
is due, the peison aggrieved shall have his remedy against
such collector by suit or warrant, and if he recover heshall
have judgment for double the amount improperly and un-
justly extorted fiom him, and costs. The levy court of
Washington county shall exercise a gencial supervision
ovei the proceedings of said eommissioneis, may examine
their books and papers, and shall proseeutc for any delin-
quencies or violations of their duty, Jt shall not be law-
ful tor a member ol the levy couit of said county to be a
commissioner of pumary schools oi tiustec of any of the
school dismct-, uor for any person to be at the same time
commissioner and tiustoc as aforesaid.
Srco. 17. And he it fiulher enacted, That any white resi-
dent of said county shall be pnvileged to place his or her
child oi ward at any one of the schools m paid count} he
or she may think ptoper to select with the consent of the
eommissioneis of both di-fucts.
£>B(\ 18. And he it further enacted, That the said levy
couit may, in its disciction, and tf it shall be deemed by
said couit boat for the interest and welfare of thccoloied
people residing in said county, levy an annual tax of one
eighth of one pet cent, on all taxable property in said county
outside the limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town, owned by persons of color, foi the puipose of In-
itiating a system of education ol colored chihiien in said
comity, which tax shall be collected in the same manner
as the tax named in section ten ot this act; audit shall bo
the duty ot the said eommissioneis to provide suitable and
convenient looms foi holding schools lor coloied cluldim,
to employ teachers theiefor, and to appropriate the proceeds
of said tax to the payment of such teacheis, tent of school
rooms, and other necessary expenses pertaining to said
schools, to cxeicise a general supervision over ihein, to es-
tablish piopcr discipline, and endeavor to piomote a full,
equal, and u^elul instiuction of the colored children m said
county, itshall be lawful lor ruch commissioner to im-
pose a tax of not, inoie that: fifty cent* per month on the
parent or iruatdian of each child attending such schools, to
he applied to the pa} incut of the expense.* ot the school of
which said child shall be an attendant,and in theexeieise
of this power the commi^ioneis may, fiom lime to time,
discontinue the payment altogethei, or may graduate the
tax accoiding to tin; ability oi the child and ihe wants of
the srhool. And said commissioners aje authon/ed to re
coive any donations or eontnbutions that may be made
foi the benefit of said schools bv persons disposed to aid
in the elevation ol the coloied population in the District
of Columbia, and to npply the same in such manner as m
their opinion shall bo bc<f calculated to effect the object of
the donors, said cotninissioneis being requued to account
foi all funds icecived by them, and to icport to the levy
eomt in accoidance with the pinvwons ot section nine of
this act.
Skc. 19. And be it further cnactcd, That this act bo, and
the Fnui" i« hereby, declared public and remedial, and «hall
be consti ued by all coui is of just ice accoiding to the equity
thereof; and no proceedings ol the inhabitants oi ol the
mistoes of any school di-luot, <>  oi the commissioners ot
pnmnty schools, or of any other officer cieated under the
piovisions of thH act, shall be sot aside or adjudged lo be
void for detect of loim, or for any urcguiaiity tbeiein, so
that the icquisit ions ot the ■-aid act aie substantially com-
plied with.
F*kc. 20. And he it further enacted< That the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act to piovidc tot the public instruction
of \ onth in pmnaiy sehoois throughout the county of Wash-
ington, in the Di-Uicf ol Columbia, without the hunts ol
Washington and (Jeoigetuwn," < \eept the fiis* and thud
sections, appiovc d May *50, 186*2, be, and the s-ame is heieby,
lepealcd.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment in section nine, line ton, aficr the word
"scrvico" to insert the words, "ant! to dismiss
any teacher who may prove to he incompctontor
unfit;" so that the clause will read:
Thlid. To select such teacheis as ate competent, and to
fix then salaries and teim-* ot service, and to dismiss any
teacher who may prove to be incompetent or unlit.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRJMES. I move further to amend fhc
amendment in section thirteen, line six, after the
word " writing," by insfrtingin parenthesis il ex-
cept in cases where notice cannot be served, which
eases shall be considered as appealed and treated
as appealed cases.'* This is to cover _the;oasea?
non-residents or those who cannot be reached. ^
Thcamendmontto the amendment was agreed to."
Mr. GRIMES. I move further to amend the
amendment in section seventeen, line two, by in-
serting after the word " resident" the words "of
one district," and in line three by striking out the
words " said county" and inserting the words
" any other district;" so that it will read:
That any white resident of one district of said county
shall be privileged to placc ins oi- her child or ward at any
ot the schools? in any oiher district lie -or she may think
proper to select with the consent of the commissioners of
both districts.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill or amendment in
one of its sections provides for the compensation
to be paid to the trustees or commissioners, it
gives them I think four dollars a day, and itau-
thorizes them to sit just as often as they see- proper.
Judging from the experience I have had in my
own State, and witnessing what has been done in
some of the other States where we pay daily «oov>
pensation for services without any limitation on
the number of days, they arc very likely to sit
every day in the year.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall be happy to accept any
amendment the Senator can suggest,
Mr. JOHNSON. I only want to make asug-
gestion to the committee. I do not rise to oppose
the bill. In the eastern States, where thcirschool
system is as perfect as it can well be made and
answers every purpose and has reached a great
degree of prosperity,! am not sure whether they
pay anything to their trusteesor agents. I do not
think they pay anything in the State of Maine.
It is considered rather a post of honor, as itshonld
be; but if you make it a post of profit I am afraid
the honor will be forgotten in the profit, and they
will be meeting every day in the year. Now you
have four commissioners. They will sit every day
in the year, or may sit every day in the year.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is a limitation as
to the length of time they shall sit.
Mr. JOHNSON. No. At least 1 have gone
through the bill as it was read by the Secretary,
and I do not see any limitation.
Mr. GRIMES. What section is it?
Mr. MORRILL. The eighth clause of the
ninth section, on page 6. There is no other por-
tion of the bill which relates to it, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator from Mary-
land wish to strike out the whole clause and pay
them nothing ?
Mr. JOHNSON. That I should prefer, and I
move to strike out this clause:
Eighth. Each commissioner shall be entitled to receive
fo«i dolbus pei day lor every day he phall attend a meeting
of the boaid, and not absent himself without permission,
and four dollar per day tor ever) day heshall serve on a
committee -, and all disbursements  -hall be made 11 trough the
tieasiirer of the school land, on the draft of the piesident
and clerk of said hoard, drawn by order of the said board.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hardly think it wise to strike
out that provision. I do not know but that you
may find public-spirited men enough at first to
undertake the office; but I think in my own State
it is usual to pay the superintending committee
for their services in visiting the schools and also
in examining the teachers. In my own city we
have a superintendent of schools, in addition to
the general superintending committee, and we pay
him $1,000 salary, and he devotes all his time
to the superintending of the schools; but in the
towns generally there is a superintending com-
mittee of three or four persons,and the members
of the committee are paid two or three dollars a
day for the time they spend in the schools; and
pei haps it is wise to do it here. 1 do not think
anybody will be disposed to spend all his time so
as to get the pay, but I have no particular wish
about "it; I only desire to make the measure effi-
cient.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land to the amendment.
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. Now I move to amend that
clause by striking out " four" and inserting
" two;" so as to make the pay two dollars aday.
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the attention of the
Senate and of the chairman of the committee to
the hutei pioviso in the fourteenth section, on
