144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
38th Gong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every |
collector to whom any duty upon cotton shall be 1
paid shall mark the bales, or rather [other] pack-
ages, upon which the duty shall have been paid,
m such manner as may clearly indicate the pay-
ment thereof, and shall give to the owner, or other
person having charge of such cotton, a permit
for the removal of the same, stating therein the
amount and payment of the duty, the time and
place of payment, the weight and marks upon the
bales and packages,so that the same may be fully
identified. Whenever any cotton, the product of
the United States* shall arrive at any port of the
United States from any State in insurrection
against the Government, the assessor or assistant
assessor, under the act referred to in the first sec-
tion of this act, shall immediately assess the taxes
thereon,and shall, withoutdelay, return the same
to the collector or deputy collector of said district,
and the said collector or deputy collector shall
demand of the owner or other person having
charge of such cotton, the tax imposed by this
act, and assessed thereon, unless evidence of pre-
vious payment of said tax shall be produced, un-
der such regulations as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, by the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, shall from time to time prescribe;
and in case the tax so assessed shall not be paid
to such collector within thirty days after demand,
the collector or deputy collector, as aforesaid, shall
institute proceedings for the recovery of the tax,
which shall bo a lien upon said cotton front the
time when said assessment shall be made.
Sfic. 6. Jlnd be it fwther enactedt That from
and after the date on which this act takes effect,
in computing the allowance or drawback upon
articles manufactured exclusively of cotton when
exported, there shall be allowed, in addition to
the three per centum duty which shall have been
paid on such articles, a drawback of two cents
per'pound upon such articles in nil cases where
the duty imposed by this act upon the cotton
used in the manufacture thereof shall be satisfac-
torily shown to have been previously paid, the
amountofsaid drawback to be ascertained in such
manner as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of internal Revenue, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacledt That from
and after the passage of this act, in addition to
the duties heretofore imposed by law, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on spirits distilled
from grain or other materials, whether of Amer-
ican or foreign production, imported from foreign
countries previous to the first day of July next,
of first proof, a duty of forty cents on each and
every gallon, and no lower rate of duty shall be
levied or collected than upon the basis of first
proof,and shall be increased in proportion for any
greater strength than the strength of first proof;
and that upon all such spirits imported prior to
the passage of this act there shall be levied, col-
lected, and. paid an additional tax of forty cents
per gallon, to be collected under the direction and
according to regulations established by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That consuls
of foreign countries in the United States, who are
not citizens thereof, shall be, and hereby are, ex-
empt from any income tax imposed by the act
referred to in the first section of this act, which
may be derived from their official emoluments, or
fiom propei ty in such countries: Provided, That
the Governments which such consuls may repre-
sent shall extend similar exemption to consuls of
the United Slates.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatthepro-
visions of the act entitled "An act further to pro-
vide for the collection of duties on imports," ap-
proved March second,onethousand eight hundred
and thirty-three, now m force, shall be taken and
deemed as extending to and embracing all laws i
for the collection of internal duties, stamp duties,
licenses, or taxes, which have been or may be
hereafierenacted; and ail persons duly authorised
to assess, receive, or collect such duties or taxes
under such laws, are hereby declared to be and to
have been " revenue officers,3' within the true in-
tent and meaning of the said act, and entitled to
all the exemptions, immunities, benefits, rights,
and privileges therein enumerated and conferred.
Approved, March 7, 1864.
Chap. XXI.—An Act to incorporate the "Wash-
ington City Savings Bank.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That William B. Todd, William P.
Dole, Edward Clark, Edward J. Simms, Joseph
J. Coombs, Z. C. Robbins, Thomas S. Gardner,
John R. Eivans, and Samuel B. Niles, and their
associates and successors, are constituted and
created a body-corporate and politic, by the name
of The Washington City Savings Bank.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the of-
ficers of said corporation shall consist of a pres-
identand vice president, who, together with seven
trustees, shall constitute a board of managers,
four of whom, if the president or vice president
be present, shall constitute a legal meeting of such
board for the transaction of business.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said cor-
poration shall meet annually in the month of
April, and as much oftener as they may judge
expedient, and any seven members of said cor-
poration, the president, secretary, or treasurer
being one, shall be a quorum, and the said cor-
poration at their annual meeting shall have power
to elect a president and a treasurer, who shall
give bond, m the sum of ten thousand dollars, for
the faithful discharge of the duties of his office,
and all such other officers as may be deemed ne-
cessary; which officersshallcontinuemofficeone
year, and until others are chosen in their stead,
and all officers so chosen shall be under oath to
the faithful dischargeof the duties of their offices,
respectively.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatsaid cor-
poration may receive on deposit, for the use and
benefit of the depositors, all sums of money of-
fered for that purpose: Provided, however, That
it shall not hold at.the same time more than one
thousand dollars of any one depositor, other than
a religious or charitable corporation. All such
sums may be invested in the stock of any bank
mcorpoiated by Congress, or may he loaned on
interest to any such bank, or may be loaned on
bonds or notes, with collateral security of the
stock of such banks at not more than ninety per
centum of its par value, or they maybe invested
in the public funds of the United States, of the
several States, or loaned on a pledge of any of
said funds, or invested in loans on mortgages of
real estate: JProvided, That the whole amount of
stock held by the institution at one time m any
one bank, both by way of investment and as a
surety for loans, shall not exceed one half of its
capital stock of such bank, and that not more than
three quarters of the whole sum deposited m the
institution shall be at any one time invested in
mortgages of real estate. The income or interest
of all deposits shall be divided among the depos-
itors, or their legal representatives, according to
| the terms of interest stipulated; and the principal
! may be withdrawn at such times, or in such man-
1 nor, as the corporation shall in its by-laws direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no offi-
cer, director, or committee charged with the duty
of investing the deposits, shall borrow any por-
tion thereof, or use the same, except in payment
of the expenses of the corporation; and if any
officer, director, agent, or other person connected
with said bank, and interested with the funds or
deposits thereof, shall embezzle or fraudulently
convert the same to his own use, he shall be
deemed guilty of larceny, and shall, on convic-
tion thereof, by any couit competent to try the
offense, be imprisoned in the penitentiary notless
than one nor more than ten years.
Sec. G. And be it further cnactcd, That the sub-
ordinate ofliceis and agents of said corporation
shall respectively give such security for their
fidelity and good conduct as the board of man-
agers may from time to time require, and said
board shall fix the salaries of such officers and
agents.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the per-
sons named as corporators in the first section of
this act shall be authorized to meet and organize
said bank by the election of one of their number
as president, and one as vice president, and there-
upon shall proceed to elect such persons as they
shall select, not herein named as corporators, to
be added to their board of managers, so that the
whole number of trustees, or managers, including
the president and vice president, shall not exceed
nine persons.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That thiscor-
poration shall make an annual report to Congress
of their funds and investments. Said returns
shall specify the following particulars, namely:
the number of depositois; total amount of de-
posits; amount invested in bank stock and depos-
ited in bank on interest; amountsecured by bank
stock; amount invested in public funds; loans on
security of public funds; loans on mortgage of
real estate; loans on personal securities; amount
of cash on hand; total dividends of the year; an-
nual expenses of the institution; all of which
shall be certified and sworn to by the treasurer;
and five or more of the managers shall also certify
and make oath that the said return is correct ac-
cording to their best knowledge and belief.
Sec.9. And be it further enacted, That the books
of said corporation shall, at all times during their
hours of business, be open for inspection and ex-
amination to the Comptroller of the Currency or
depositors.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation may make by-laws for the more or-
derly management of their business, not repug-
nant to law; may have a common seal, which they
may change at pleasure; that all deeds, grants,
covenants, and agreements, made by their treas-
urer, or any other person by their authority,
shall be good and valid; and said corporation
shall have power to sue and may be sued,defend,
and be held to answer by the name aforesaid.
Sec. 11. And be it further enactcd, This act
shall take effect and be m force from and after its
passage.
Approved, March 8, 1864.
Chap. XXII.—An Act to enable Guardians and
Committees of Lunatics, appointed in the sev-
eral States, to act within the District of Co-
lumbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be lawful for any person,
appointed the committee of a lunatic, or the guard-
ian of a minor or lunatic, by the proper author-
ity in any State or Territory of the United States,
to institute and prosecute to final judgment any
suit or action in the courts of the bistrict of Co-
lumbia, as he might have done if his authority as
such guardian or committee had been derived from
the proper tribunals of said District; and such
committee or guardian may in the same manner
collect and receive any sum of money due to such
lunatic or minor, and may by deed, duly executed,
release and convey to any party entitled to the
same, whether by purchase or otherwise, any
lands or estates situated in the District of Colum-
bia, the property of such lunatic or minor,or to
or upon which such lunatic or minor may have a
claim or mortgage, in the same manner as he
might have done if his authority had been de-
rived from the tribunals of said District: Pro-
vided, That such committee or guardian, before
making any conveyance of real estate or release
of claim, or mortgage thereon, shall file in the
orphans' court of said District the official certifi-
cate of the judge of the court from which such
committee or guardian derived his appointment,
that he has given a sufficient bond to account to
the minor or lunatic for all sums of money re-
ceived by virtue of the authority conferred by this
act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all pay-
ments heretofoie made within the Diatrictof Co-
lumbia to the committee or guardian of a lunatic
or the guardian of a minor duly appointed at the
I domicil of the lunatic or minor out of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in the United States, shall be
good and sufficient: Provided, That said guard-
ian or committee shall file in the orphans' court
in said District, the official certificate of the judge
of the court from which such committee or guard-
ina derived his appointment, that he has given suf-
ficient bond to account to the minor or lunatic for
all payments so made: Andprovided further, That
in all cases the evidence of the appointment and
authority of such committee or guardian shall be
first recorded in the office of the orphans' court of
said District.
Approved, March 8, 1864.
