1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21.
five hundred and fifty) of such reports, telegrams,
and dispatches for the Houses Gf Congress, and
five hundred copies for the War Department.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LANDLORD AND TENANf LAW.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 138.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 138) tor regulate pro-
ceedings in cases between landlord and tenant in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to the first section of the amendment re-
ported from the committee as a substitute for the
original bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] submitted an amend-
ment to that amendment when the bill was last
under consideration, which amendment is now
pending, and- will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment: to stiike
out the first section of the amendment reported
by the committee, in the following words:
That a teruincyatwill shall not arise or be crcated with-
out an express contract or letting to that effect; and all
estates at will may be determined by a notice, in writing,
to quit of thirty days, delivered to the tenant in hand or
to some person of proper age upon the premise*, or in the
absence of such tenant or person then such notice maybe
served by affixing the same to a conspicuous? part of the
premises, wher«£it may be conveniently read. The attorn-
ment of a tenant to a stranger shall be void, and shall not
affect the lights of the landlord unless it be made with the
consent, express or implied, of the landlord.
And to inseit in lieu thereof:
That on ami alter the passage of this act all persons rent-
ing houses and lands in the District of Columbia by the
month, three, six,oi twelve months,and desning toiupos-
the Mime, shall srive six months notice for a renting
of twelve monilis; for a six months' renting, a three
mouth.-' notice; for a tluee mouths' or a monthly renting,
one month's notice, which shall be prior to the date of said
renting.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. When this bill was be-
fore the Senate uta former day I had a short con-
sultation with the Senator from Maryland after
he had ollcred the amendment which has just been
read, and I thought wc came to the conclusion
that the provision'? of the statute of Indiana which
were examined would cover the whole question
more satixfactoi iiy than any nmendmentlhatcoulrl
be drawn upon the spur of the occasion. I have
copied that statute and 1 should like to have it read
by the Secretary, and if the Senator fiom Mary-
land shall think it a better proposition than his,
he can accept it as a substitute for his.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendnn nf will be lead, if there be no objection.
iYii\ MORRILL. I suppose it is not in order
at this (nne, but I have no objection to its being
lead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order;
but it will be read for the information of the Sen-
ate, if there* be no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not offer it as an
nmendmuit, but I suggest it to the Senator from
Muiylund as a substitute lor his, which he can
accept if lie chooses, the Senate having taken no
action upon his amendment.
The Secietary n-ad the proposed amendment, as
folio wb:
That (j-t.il;;.- at, will maybe determined by one mouth
noiice in wining (IHivried to the tenant All tenancies
(rom year to jcar may hn diteiimned by at lean three
months' iiDtut iriv< u to the tenant pnoi to the expiuiUon
ot the yas ; and in ad tennneie-s winch !>} agreement ot
the pat lie*, e.xpie--< or implied,are lioin one penod to an-
ot!i"i o t iinee oi le— than tiitee months-5 dm at ton, a notice
equal to the intci val between tueh pounds nhali he Miifi-
ejent.
^I,u! /!■' it fmiher enacted, That if a tenant at will, or
from } eai 10 j e<u. 01 toi a -hoitct penod, neglect 01 letu-e
to j a\ lent when due, ten days' nonce toijmt -hall determ-
ine tne Is-,w,unless Mich lent he paid at the expiiauon of
said ten days.
stud he it further cnaded, That where the tunc for the
tenanev i- -p'-cilied in the contiaet, or where a tenant at
will comiihh \va>'i', orin the case of a tenant on Miifer-
anee, and in an\ ea.-e wln-io the lehition ot laudlmd and
jen.let doe- not e\L-t, no notice to quit shall be necessary.
.ha! it J uithcr enacted, That notice a- requited within
eft mnv he it; ved on the tenant. o>.i  he eannot be tound,
I)v dehv« iuiL' the .-am<  to t-ome pci^on of piopei a-;e and
discretion lo-iuni'* on tin* piemise^, oi hy pasting the same
m home conspicuou- place on the premise.-'.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have no doubt that the'
amendment suggested by the Senator from Indi-
ana will accomplish the purpose just as well as
the one that I proposed. I had forgotten that I
did more than merely suggest it. I was not
aware that I had offered it as an amendment.
But the Senator from Maine, by whom this bill
was reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, has an amendment to offer on the
part of that committee which I think will ac-
complish the same purpose just as well as either
the one suggested by me or tne one just suggested
by the Senator from Indiana. Sofaras I am con-
cerned, therefore, I ask permission to withdraw
the one that I offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the power
of the Senator to withdraw it, no vote having
been taken upon it. The amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr.MORRILL. I nowmovemyamendment.
It is after the word " effect,99 in the fourth line
of the first section of the substitute reported by
the committee, to insert the following:
And that all occupation, possession, or holding of any
messuage or real estate without express contract or lease,
or by such contiaet oi lease the teuns of which have ex-
pired, shall be deemed and held to be tenancies by suffer-
ance.
And after the word "will," in the fifth line,
to insert the words, " and sufferancej^so that the
section will read:
That a tenancy at will shall not arise or be created
without an expiess contiaet or letting to that effect; and
that all occupation,possesion, or hotdingof anyinessuage
or real estate without express eontiact or lease, or hy such
contract or lease the teim- ot which have expued,shall be
deemed and held to he tenancies by sufferance; and all
estates at will and sufferance may he deteinimed by a no-
nce, m writing, to quit, of thirty days, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbians amended wasagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire now to move the
following amendment as an additional section:
•And be it fuiihcr enacted. That all acts and pans of acts
inconsistent with this act aie heieby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concuricd in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the tlmd Ume, and passed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion ofMr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordci ed, That the hill (II. K. No. 371) to exempt cettain
vesseK thotem named tiom enrollment and license and liom
the payment of tontiaue duty, and tor other purposes, bo
lecoiiiimtted to the (Joinimtteo on Commence.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Ilepieseutatives,
by Mr. McPiiehson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 183) in amendment of an act
entitled "An act relating to foreign coins and the
coinage of cents at the Mint of the United States,"
approved February 21, 1857.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 235)
granting certain privileges to the Guardian Society
of the District of Columbia; in which it requested
the concuirence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had insisted upon its amend-
ments to the bill of the Senate (No. 76) telatmg
to appointments in the naval service, and courts-
martial, disagreed to by the Senate, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Frederick A.
Pike of Maine, Mr. William D. Ketj.ey of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Charles H. Wikfield
of New Yotk, managers at the same on its part.
The message luithci announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House
No. 370) to appoint cettain officers of the Navy,
asked a conference on the disagreeing voles of the
two Houses thereon,and had appointed Mr. Fred-
erick A. Pike of Maine, Mr. William D.
Kklley of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Charlls H.
Winfield of New Yoik, managers at the same
on its patt.
The message also returned to the Semite its
message informing the House of Representatives
that the Senate had agreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 126) to amend an
j act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city of
I Washington, passed May 15, 1S20.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (S. No. 39) relating to
the publication of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States for December term,
1863; and it was thereupon signed by the Vice
President.
PORTS OF DELIVERY*
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 242, which has'been reported from
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agieed to,and the bill (S. No.
242) to establish Portland, in the State of Oregon,
and Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, ports
of delivery, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to declare Portland, in the State of Oregon,
and within the collection district of Oregon, and
Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, and within
the collection district of Mississippi, to be ports
of delivery within their respective collection dis-
tricts; and provides for the appointment of a sur-
veyor of customs, to reside at each of those ports,
who are to perform the duties and receive the
compensation and emoluments prescribed in the
act of Congress approved March 2, 1831, enti-
tled " An act allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandiseimported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville,St. Louis, Nashville,and Nat-
chez to be secured and paid at those places."
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading# read the third
time, and passed.
IIOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 255) granting certain piivile^es to the Gum ti-
tan Society of the District of Columbia, was read
twice by its title, and referred lo the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
ADDITIONAL ASSAY OFFICES.
On motion of j\Jr. HOWE, the Senate, nsut
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con.sideia-
lion of the bill (S. No. 185) to establish m&say
offices at Carson City, m the Tei i itory of Nevada,
and Dalles City, in the State of Ougon, and for
other purposes; the pending question being on
the amendment of M r. Nesmitii , to sinke out the
ninth section of the bill m the following words:
Sfc. 0. Jind be it fHither marled, Thnt an assav office
he established and loe.m-d at DalUw Cm , in the State of
Oteyon, loi the leeeipt, uu'lumj. a.—nyiin{, and ^ampins of
gold and silver, upon the same erudition- and Mtbjert to
lite >111110 legnlalions and piovi-iou- as aie -et foi ih in the
fhs-t seven sections of thw ar-t; and that the Mini oi n7o,<>00
he appiopuated foi earning the provisions oi this tectum
into elleet.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following sec-
tions:
Skc.—. be it further evaded, That a bianch of the
Mint of the United State- he Invited and e^abli died at
Dalles City, in the State ot Oiejiou, loi the coinage ol quid
and ?ilvei.
snr.—. ~hut he it fmt/m ciunted^That. On eamsnqon
the ot s-aid branch, t'te follow niu ofiieeis .-[mil b«
appointed, soon as. the |mh!tu i'lteiot . hall icijinte their
•-t'lvieo, upon the nomination of tin' pie-id>jnt. hy and
\vith the ad vie< and c.m--uit ot the nare, n.inu 1\ . one
•mpennlendent. one a >avei.on<' melter and letiner, and
one eomei; and the Mipennletident '•hail employ ,is many
clerks, tnihoMhnaic woiMnen. and laboiei<, uiuier the di-
rectum oi tin' si'Oift.iiv of tin* Ti nature, a* m.iy ho ic-
quiled. the salai ics ot tin- said oiheei< -!iali he as follows :
to the siipenntend-nt, tin) sunt ol £2.000; to the a-^nyer,
the sum ol ,^1,800 ; to the nieltfi and icfinei, ■$"} ,fc00; to the
elerks Miboidmato win kmen. rind lahotcH, mich wasresand
allowance?, as aie euMotnaiy, aeeoidm^ to then ielective
stations and occupations.
—. ^hid be it further cnactrd) That the officer"and
clerk- to be appointed undei tln^ act, before onto: nm upon
the execution ot their offices, shall take an 0,1th or utfiuna-
Uon, before some judse of the United tft.ucp 01 of the s-u-
promc comt of said State, faithtully .md diligently to p«i-
torm the dutie- of their ortices. and shall each become bound
to the i'mted States of Amefica, with one ot more Mire-
ties, to tin; saii-l.icuon ot tin* Ductor of the Mint 01 the
distiiet nidqe of the United States lor the di-tnet of f)ie-
gon, and ot the Secretary of the Tieasuiy. with the con-
dition of the faithlul porioiinduces of the duliea ot then
offices.
she. —. Jind he it fvrlhcr enacted. That the seneral di-
rection of tin' hihine>s of sanihianeh mint ot tiif uniti'd
State- .-hall ih- nndei the control and ie<:ulafion ol the di-
icetor ot the Mint at Philadelphia, subject to th<  appiohii-
tlon of the Secretaiy of tboTiea-ury ; and tor ihat pmpo-e
it fciiall i-e me duty of tne smd Pueeiorto pn-eiibe such
regulation- and leqtme =ueh ictuins peiiodtcally and occa-
ssional ly, and tocftahli-h such ehai^o tor jjai tui< , a-saj niff,
refininir, and coming, a- shall appeal to htm to he neces-
saiy t'01 tne put po*e of can j in<r into effect the intention of
thus act in establishing said branch ; also lor the pin posy
