726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
page 11, of the amendment. The proviso says
** that it shall be optional with the said commis-
sioners to abide by said verdict and occupy the
said land, or abandon it without being subject to
damages therefor." The Maryland courts have
decided, 1 think on the authority of some eastern
decision, that in a case of inquiry like this the
State may, if it thinks proper, after all the ex-
penses.have been incurred, abandon the site or
whatever is needed, and throw the whole expenses
on the proprietor. These eases before juries are
father expensive. The proprietor very often
employs counsel, and independent of that he is
obliged to examine witnesses, and sometimes a
great many of them, and there is quite a bill of
costs run up by the time he gets his verdict; and
under this provision, if the authorities were not
satisfied with the verdict, they might abandon it
at once and the whole expense would be thrown
on the owner.
But notonly that, which I think is an objection;
but then, if the provision is to stand here so as to
give the authorities the right to abandon the ver-
dict, there ought to be a limitation of the time
within which that could be done. Under this
clause as it stands, the proprietor may havq this
verdict hanging over his estate, preventing him
from selling his estate, he not knowing whether
itwill be taken or will not be taken, because noth-
ing may be done by the commissioners under tins
proviso, they may not take possession, they may
hold it in that way for months and months, and
then abandon it. Theic ought, at least, to be a
limitation; and i propose, therefore, if that will
effect the object, (and 1 submit it to the chairman,)
to add to the proviso which 1 have read these
words:
Provided, They do it within fifteen clays after tbevcidict
shall have been tendered.
Mr. GRIMES. I can see the propriety of that
amendment very readily, and concur jn the sug-
gestion of the Senator.
Theamendmentto theamendment wasagroed to.
The amendment as amended was agteed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to bo on concurring
in the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 ask for a separate vote on
the motion made by the Senator from Maryland
in relation to the pay of the commissioners, when-
ever that is proper.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand that the Senator
from New York asks for a separate vote in re-
gard to the eighth clause in the ninth section. I
suppose there is no objection to taking the vote
in gross on all the other amendments which have
been made in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
There was but one amendment proposed, beimj
in the form of a substitute for the original bill.
To that amendment the Senator from Maryland
proposed an amendment, and it was adopted as
an amendment to theamendment; and the S'Miaie
acting as in Committer of the Whole adopted the
amendment as amended. The question now i^,
m the Senate, will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committer of the Whole ? It is i
now open to amendment, and it is the preroga-
tive of any Senator to move to amend the amend-
ment in any manner before the question is taken
on concurrence. No particular feature of it can
be excepted as a distinct proposition, because it
was not a separate amendment that was moved.
The Senator fiotn New Yoik, however, if lie
pleases, can move to amend this amendment be-
fore the question is taken on concurring m it as a
whole.
Mr. HARRIS. If I understand the Chair,
then, it is proper to move to strike out this clause
Ji' the ninth section winch allows compensation
to the commissioners.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. HARRIS. That I desue to do; and I
will state to the Senate that I do it upon the sug-
gestion of a gentleman near me who is quite fa-
miliar with the affairs of the District, and who
assures mo that better men can be obtained to
discharge these duties without compensation than
if this compensation shall bo retained in the bill.
I therefore move to amend the amendment by
striking out the clause allowing compensation.
Mr. CLARK. Upon looking at the bill, I am
disposed to concur in the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from New Yoik from the fact that the pay
is to be taken out of the school fund; you are to
take from the'scholars the means of doing it. In
our country we pay it out of the public funds,
and never take it away from the scholars. 1
would not agree to take it from the scholars and
give it to the commissioners. I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York will be
agreed to.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended to read: A bill to provide for
the public instruction of youth in the county of
Washington and District of Columbia.
TRANSFERS FROM THE ARMY TO THE NAVY.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask at this time the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution, of which I have not given previous
notice. I would not make this request but that
the resolution is of great consequence, at least to
my part of the country, and indeed to the entirety
of the country. It is a resolution prepared in
accordance with the judgment of the War Depart-
ment, the Navy Department, and the President.
It relates to the making up without any unne-
cessary delay of full crews for some of our war
ships which the Government contemplate send-
ing to the Pacific coast, for which there is imme-
diate demand, and 1 hope the Senate will permit
the resolution to be passed at once.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the joint resolution (S. No. 27) relative
to the transfer of persons in the military service
to the naval service, and it was read twice and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Piovost Marshal General
to enlist such persons as may desire to enter into
the naval scrviccof theUnited States, under such
directions as maybe given by the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy, and these
enlistments are to becredited to theappropriate dis-
trict; but inasmuch as they receive piize money,
they are not to be entitled to any bounty. The
President, whenever in his judgment the public
service may require it, may transfer persons who
have been employed in sea service and are now
enlisted m the Army from their regiments to the
naval service, upon such terms and according to
such lules and regulations as may be prescribed;
but the number of transfers from any company
or regiment is not to be so great as to reduce it
below i he minimum strength required by the reg-
ulations of the military service,and the sums paid
to such persons as bounty for entering the mili-
tary service are to be transferred from the naval
recruiting fund to the credit of the proper appro-
priation tor the land service.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply desire to say that
this joint resolution is prepared in accordance
with the judgment of the Executive, of the Nary
Department, and of the War Department. There
is nowatilampton Roads a war steamermtended
for the coast of California wanting a complement
of sixty men. They are desirous of sending three
or four more steamers there. Thcie is necessity
for them. Provision should be made for imme-
diately filling up theircrews so that the ships may
sail. Tins lesolution is the pioductof the Exec-
utive and of the War and Navy Departments,
and 1 ti ust the Senate will pass it now, so that it
may go to the House of Representatives without
delay. I do not wish to debate it; I trust it will
meet the approval of the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES, lmove to amend theresolution
by adding to it the following additional section:
Jlnd he it further rc\oivetl, That there shall he paid to
e.u'ii eiihablu ui m-uuiuii i u adv.uue, asa
bounty, of three month*' p:iv, to he lefundt'd to the Trcas-
my (torn any pii/o money to which *uch enlisted man may
hereafter he entitled.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know what the ob-
ject of the amendment is, but it has this effect as
I understand the lesolution: the resolution pro-
poses the enlistment of these men by the Provost
Marshal; they are enlisted into the military ser-
vice, and of course are entitled to the bounty
which the Government is paying.
Mr. CONNESS. It is provided especially in
the resolution that those enlisted and transferred
by their consent to the naval service shall receive
no bounties, because they will be entitled to prize
money.
Mr. MORRILL. As I gathered it, it was read
the other way, " shall not receive prize money be-
cause they get the bounty." Is it not so?
Mr. CONNESS. No; just the reverse.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is the reverse, my ob-
jection does not apply.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to say one word in re-
gard to the amendment. The propositions con-
tained in the joint resolution introduced by the
Senator from Californiaare substantially the pro-
visions on the same subject contained in the en-
rollment bill which has been adopted by the two
Houses, or which is submitted by the committee
of conference for the adoption of the two Houses.
The purpose which the Senator from California
has in view is to anticipate theaction of Congress
upon that enrollment bill, with a view to get im-
mediate action in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, in order that steps may be taken to-
day as I understand to fit out one special ship's
crew for a vessel now lying at Fortress Monroe
and ready to sail for the Pacific coast.
Mr. CONNESS. It has been there for ten
days.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senate that
there are at this time thirteen steamers ready for
sea, which are lying at the wharves unable to go
to sea for the want of crews. There has been
such an immense draft by the Army, or by, I
might say, the States and the districts of the
States to fill out their quotas in the Army, that it
has been impossible for the Navy to get any re-
cruits. All the emigrant-runners, and all the per-
sons in New York who have been in the habit of
procuring mariners for vessels, have now turned
recruiting agents for the Army, and they even
pick up the sailors who get leave to go ashore
Irom our vessels-of-war for a day. As is very
common with those sailors, they become inebri-
ated, and when they wake up the next morning
they find themselves with a soldier's uniform on,
enlisted into one of the United States aitillery or
infantry regiments. Then they have got to be
reported as deserters, punished as such, and re-
stored to the Navy. A large portion of the sail-
ors who come in from our men-of-war or the
merchant marine and are discharged, are imme-
diately picked up and thrown into infantry regi-
ments, so that it is impossible for the Navy to
procure recruits.
Now, my proposition is simply that there shall
be three months' advance pay, in the shape-of a
bounty, paid to each person who shall hereafter
enlist as an ordinary seaman or as an able sea-
man, to be refunded out of any prize money that
may be hereafter due to him, if he shall bo so
fortunate as to serve on a vessel which captures
a prize.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not object to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator from
Maine has no objection to it. I thought he had.
Mr. MORRILL. I misapprehended the effect
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the Senator from
California, if this resolution is intended to meet
a particular object, whether it would not be as
well to limit its opeiation to some specified time.
Mr. CONNESS. I am perfectly willing to
agree to that. But I hope before that is done the
q^uestion will be taken on the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that amendment will
not obtain; that the Senator from Iowa will not
piess it now.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition which I made
is more calculated to accomplish the Senator's
purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 understand it; and as a
permanent proposition I shall be willing to agree
to the Senator's amendment on any other bill or
resolution; but I desire to say to the Senator fiom
Iowa and to the Senate that the War Depart-
ment and the Navy Department agreeing in this
resolution, they will, under it, be enabled to get
any number of men that they need now for this
special service without the Senator's amendment.
The Navy Department is receiving every day let-
ters fiom seamen who have enlisted in the Army,
having been discharged from the Navy in our
ports after finishing their term of service, and then
becoming intoxicated were picked up by those
who are seeking to obtain a portion of the bounty
offered to soldiers, and placed, m the Army. They
