1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-'
2T4&
Che duties, then they were allowed to come in un-
der the l6Wer and latest tariff; and if we increased
the duties, they were allowed to take them out
under the rates levied before the new tariff went
into operation. There will be sufficient notice on
the part of gentlemen—importers can take out
merchandise before the Istof July where rates are
increased—and we shall not gam anything by
sharp practice on the merchants of the country.1
If they can make anything by taking them out
before the 1st of July they will do it. The joint
resolution which we passed was passed for merely
a temporary purpose-—passed until we could pre-
pare this more mature bill. If we obtam-what
we shall obtain under this matar.ed plan, isitnot
all that Congress should ask?' I think it is.
Then, again, let me say tfiAt under the opera-
tion of this proposition, there might.be three or
four different rates ofduty under whiGh goods in
bond would be taken from' the custom-house.
They might be taken frorn the custom-house under
the rates of duty which prevailed before the joint
resolution passed, and th&y might be taken out
under the rates of the joint resolution,-or under
the present tariff*. And let me say further that a
very incongruous state of things would result out
©f the fact that the joint resolution which we last
passed explanatory of the previous resolution has
not passed the Senate, and may not.
Under the circumstances 1 trust the House will
allow this to pass in its usual and common form.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCII. I move to stiike out
the last word of the amendment. Let me show
the position in which the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would place on im-
porter. in the importation of nitrate of silver
we have to send out our orders six months ahead.
The man who had a cargo ai rived before the pas-
sage of the joint resolution paid a tariff of 1 cent
a pound upon it. I had a cargo which arrived
day before yesterday, and I have to pay, under
the joint resolution, cent a pound. Now if
the gentleman's amendment prevails, the man who
brings in a cargo in July will have to pay only
1 cent a pound. If you will impose an increased
duty of 50 per cent, and keep it there, I will have
no objection. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Stevens was
not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend section nine-
teen by inserting after the woid " thereof" the
words "for consumption;" sothatitwill road:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise winch may by
In the public stoujs on the day and yeai aioie&aid shait be
subjected to no othor duty upon the entiy thereof lor con-
sumption than it tlie&ame weiemiported respectively after
that day.
Mr. PENDLETON. They may be entered
for other things than for consumption. They may
be entered for transportation and reshipment.
Mr. HOOPER. Then theie is no duty paid.
Mr. PENDLETON. But when they are en-
tered for consumption afterwards there is a duty
to be paid. I object to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, and pro-
pose that the same rule shall be applied, no mat-
ter for what purpose the goods may be entered.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman misunder-
stands the purpose of the amendment. The ori-
ginal entry of goods is fur warehousing; then
there is another entry for exportation, and of
course there is no duty payable. The section
does not apply to that, but only applies to the
entry for consumption, and therefore I wish to
designate that entry.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would rather the sec-
tion should stand as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. There is one little amend-
ment we have passed somewhat hastily, and which
I believe is wrong. By unanimous consent I will
go back to page 30, where we inserted nitrate of
lead, and imposed a duty upon it of30 per cent.
ad valorem. All agree that that is too low, and
we propose to change it to 3k cents a pound.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Ifitcanbe
done without raising any discussion I will not
object to ^omg back.
Mr. STEVENS. It will not consume any time.
I move to amend by striking out " 30 per cent.
ad valorem," mid inserting " cents per pound/'
The umuaidment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to page 11 to supply an omission in line
one hundred afld fcrty-fivc. It is to insert after
"dollar," the words "and fifty cents.;" so that
the clause will read:
On a!! handsaws not over twenty-four inches in length,
Scents perdozen, and in addition thereto'30 per cent, ad
valorem; over twenty-four inches in length, $-1 50 per
dozen, and in addition thereto 30 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, objected.
Mr. KASSON. I move to insert after section
twenty the following as a new section;
Sec. 21. Jlnt?be it further enacted, That during a period
of one year from t^e passage of this ^et there may be im-
ported into the United States, free of duty, any machinery
designed for ttudadapted to the manufacture of woven
fabrics from ths fiber of flax or hemp, including all the pre-
liminary piocesses required theretor; also, all machines for
plowing, operated by steam power, and iraporied'for the
use or at the request of any State or county agriculuual
society organised in pursuance of the laws of either of the
United States.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say, with'thepe^rmis-
sion of the committee, that there have been ap-
plications made in behalf, I think,of the State
Agricultural Society of New York, and from one
or two other sources, for leave to introduce one
such plowing machine, operated by steam, for
the purpose of experiment and of testing its ca-
pacity for use in this country. These machines
have been invented in England and have been
used to some extent in Egypt and on the delta of
the Nile. I need not call theattention of gentle-
men from the West to the peculiar adaptation of
the soil of the western States to the use of these
machines, if they aie practical ones; nor, on the
other hand, to the verygreat necessity that exists
in the West, where labor has become so scarce
in consequence of the large contribution of men
to the war, for the introduction of such machines
to save labor.
1 offer my amendment, so far as relates to that,
to enable gentlemen who, in the interest of an
agricultural society, or at the inspiration of such
a society, may be willing to stake the original cost
of one of these machines, which amounts to sev-
eral thousand dollars, on his faith m the experi-
ment, to do so without the added expense of the
tariff duty upon it.
As to the other branch of the subject I desire
to say this: certain gentlemen fiom Illinois have
been investigating the capacity of machines in
use m England and other parts of Europe to man-
ufacture the fiber of flax and hemp into a material
that will be a substitute for gunnybags and other
things of that kind. As a new branch of indus-
try I think the least that the United States ought
to do is to say to those gentlemen who arc will-
ing to engage m this enterprise that they will be
permitted for a year to introduce such machinery
as is adapted for that purpose free of duty. This
machinery for the manufacture of the fiber-of flax
and hemp is not made anywhere in the United
States, and under our present tanfl'we have only
the right to import free of duty the molds for
the purpose of illustrating the character of the
machinery. Gentlemen say that that is inade-
quate, and that they must have the machinery
itself to put up, and try and see whether they can
develop this new industry.
I ask memherswho think itimportant to stim-
ulate the agricultural interests of the count! y to
agree to this amendment,and allow this machin-
ery to be introduced free of duty; permit any one
who is willing to stake his money on such enter-
prises to do so, as it will be for the benefit of the
country.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman fxom Iowa will be agreed to. I
know that in my own State——
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman m not op-
posing the amendment. ( propose to do so; and
then the gentleman from New Ymk can oiler an
amendment to it, and speak on that.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am opposed to this system of
allowing special favors. If we allow this priv-
ilege to one State or to one individual, we "must
allow it to all otheis. Under the present tariff
patterns of all machines used in Europe can be
imported into this country free of duty, whether
the patterns be made of wood cr of metal. That,
I think, is sufficient. Let them import the pat-
terns and manufacture the machines here. I un-
derstand that aNew York company has been got
up to manufdctuie these very machines. Let them
import the patterns and manufacture them here.
The idea that this country is to be flooded with
these machines free of duty, each of which is to
cost about is bonfrory to j&Il ;the princi-
ples of the tailor which we have adopted.,, either
for revenue or-for protection. It is not ^t all ne-
cessary when every pattern of the latest and most
improved kind of these machines can come; in
free of duty. It looks to me absurd to ask that,
the' manufactured article shall be brought in free
of duty, instead of its being manufactured here.'
I trust that no modification of the law in that
respect will be npade.:_
Mr. GRISWOLD. I propose to'amend the
amendment by limitihg'thc number tp ten for each
State. I can state froi>i my own knowledge that
under the operation of,'the .tariff" regulations that,
have existeu heretofore "hot "a solitary establish-
ment for the manufacture of duck and linen goods
cxists'iq this'country to-day. Our entire Navy
is supplied with these goods'from abroad, for the
reason that the home establishments, under the
operation of the.tarirf,have b'eeu'broken down and
no'longer exist. 1 know gentlemen in my own
Suite who have investigated this subject, and who
have sent agentfc'abroad for the purpose of exam-
ining the best machinery in use with a view.to
bring it here, and who are making an effort to re-
establish the manufacture of that particular kind'
of goods, but in the present state of this interest
it is necessary that we should encourage these
gentlemen, who are willing to embark their money
and have the enterprise to send agents abroad for
the purpose of introducing improved machinery
here.
Mr. ARNOLD. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, {Mr. Griswoijo,]
and 1 am in favor of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.] The propo-
sition of the gentleman from Iowa will not lessen
the revenue of the country, and it is of gieat im-
poitanco, and especially to the Northwest, that
the manufacturers of flax shall be encouraged.
There is a very large quantity ofitgrown in that
section for the purpose of seed; but the fiber is
lost in consequence of there being no establish-
ments suited to its manufacture. It is very im-
portant, therefore, to that interest that the amend-
mcntproposed by thegentleman from Iowa should
prevail, in order that the large quantity of flax
raised for the purpose of seed may not be lost to
the country, but that this branch of manufacture
may be fostered and encouraged. The encour-
agement proposed is a very slight one. It is sim-
ply that fur a single year the machinery necessary
to induce this kind of manufacture shall be per-
mitted to be imported duty free.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Under the
existing law all models of machinery can be im-
ported duty free. I would ask my colleague what"
objection he has to having the models imported
and letting the mechanics at Chicago have the job
of manufacturing the machinery.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will tell my colleague what
is the objection. If those gentlemen who ate dis-
posed toembat k in thiscnterpiisearepeimitted for
one year to import the neccssary machinery duty
free, and this branch of manufacture can be suc-
cessfully established, then there will spring up not
only the business of manufacturing flax, but also
the business of manufacturing this machinery.
But in order to accomplish that result we must hold
out some encouragement in the beginning to these
manufacturers, because this is an experiment in
which men will not embark unless they receive
some aid from the Government, and this certainly
is very slight encouragement, as they aio only to
be peimitted to import this machinery duty free
for one year. I trust that the amendment of my
friend from Iowa will prevail.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
i! Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask thegentleman from
]| Iowa to aceeptas a substitute for the latter clause
:! of his amendment the following:
jl Steam agricultural machineiy and implements may he
jj unpolled free fiom duty foi one ye.u from the parage of
ji this iiri.
;! Mr. Chairman, it is a very slight boon that be-
!| nevolont ask of the Government, that they
1 shall have the privilege, for the benefit of the ag-
ricultural interests of the country* of trying this
experiment for one year.
;; The objection raised to the amendment is that
|| models can be imported and our own mechanics
■ J can construct the machinery. Gentlemen who
■ i male that objection should bear in luu.d that
