1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
146
Laws of the United, States.
38th Cong.... 1st
Chap, XXIII.—An Act to Apportion the Ex-
penses of the Levy Court of the County of
Washington upon the Basis of Population.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That from and after the passageof this
act the corporate authorities of the city of Wash-
ington, the corporate authorities of the, city of
Georgetown, and the county authorities of the
county of Washington,in the District of Colum-
bia, shall contribute to the expenses of the levy
court of the county of Washington, incurred on
account of the orphans' court, the office of cor-
oner, and the jail of said county, whenever here-
after imposed by law, in the following propor-
tions, to wit: the city of Washington twelve fif-
teenths, the city of Georgetown two fifteenths,
and the county of Washington one fifteenth of
said expenses.
Sec. 2. J3nd be it farther enacted^ That all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions
of this act, be, and they are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 8, 1864.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to Authorize the Enroll-
ment and License of the Steam-Tugs B. P. Da-
vidson and W. K. Mnir.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant the en-
rollment and liceifse of the steam-tugs B\ P. Da-
vidson and W. K. Muir, now owned by William
Porter and WiJham Lurkins, of-Milwaukee, in
the State of Wisconsin, upon such terms, not in-
consistent with law, as to him shall seem just and
proper.
Approved, March 8, 18G4.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to establish a Uniform
System of Ambulances in the Armies of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled) That the medical director, or chief
medical officer, of each Army corps shall, under
the control of the medical director of the army
to which such Army corps belongs, have the di-
rection and supervision of all ambulances, medi-
cine, and other wagons, horses, mules, harness,
and other fixtures appertaining thereto, and ofali
officers and men who may be detailed or employed
to assist him in the management thereof, in the
Army corps in which he may be serving.
Sec. 2. Andhe it further enacted, That the com-
manding officer of each Army corps shall detail
- officers and enlisted men for service in the ambu-
lance corps of such Army corps, upon the follow-
ing basis, viz: one captain who shall be command-
ant of said ambulance corps; one first lieutenant
for each division in such Army corps; one second
lieutenant far each brigade in such Army corps; one
sergeant for each regiment in such Army corps;
three privates for each ambulance, and one pri-
vate for each wagon; and the officers and non-
commissioned officers of the ambulance corps
shall be mounted: Provided, That the officers,
non-commissioned officers, and privates so de-
tailed for each Army corps shall be examined by
a board of medical officers of such Army corps as
to their fitness for such duty; and that such as
are found to be not qualified shall be rejected,and
others detailed in their stead.
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That there
shall be allowed and furnished to each Army
corps two-horse ambulances, upon the following
basis, to wit: three to each regiment of infantry
of five hundred men or more; two to each regi-
ment of infantry of more than two hundred and
less than five hundred men or more; and one to
each regiment of infantry of less than two hun-
dred men; two to each regiment of cavalry of five
hundied men or more; and one to each regiment
of cavalry of less than five hundred men; one to
each battel y of artillery, to which battery of artil-
lery it shall bo permanently attached; to the head-
quarters ofeach Army corps two such ambulances;
and to each division train of ambulances two Army
wagons; and ambulances shall be allowed and
furnished to division brigades and commands not
attached to any Arm v corps, upon the same basis;
New Series—No. 10.
and each ambulance shall be provided with such
number of stretchersand other appliances as shall
be prescribed by the Surgeon General: Provided,
That the ambulances and wagons herein men-
tioned shall be furnished, so far as practicable,
from the ambulances and wagons now in the ser-
vice.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted', That horse
and mule litters may be adopted or authorized by
the Secretary of War, in lieu of ambulances,
when judged necessary, under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by the medical
director of each Army corps."
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the cap-
tain shall be the commander of all the ambulances,
medicine, and other wagons in the corps, under
the immediate directjpn of the medical director,
or chief medical officer of the Army corps to which
the ambulance corps belongs. He shall pay spe-
cial attention to the condition of the ambulances,
wagons, horses, mules, harness, and other fix-
tures appertaining thereto, and see that they are
at all times 111 readiness for service; that the of-
ficers and men of the ambulance corps are prop-
erlyinstructed in their duties, and that their du-
ties are performed, and that the regulations which
may be prescribed by the Secretary of War, or
the Surgeon General, for the government of the
ambulance corps are strictly observed by those
under his command. It shall be his duty to in-
stitute a drill in his corps, instructing his men in
the most easy and expeditious manner of moving
the sjck and wounded, and to require in all cases
that the sick and wounded shall be treated with
gentleness and care, and that the ambulances and
wagons are. at all times provided with attendants,
drivers, horses, mules, and whatever may be ne-
cessary for their efficiency; and it shall be his
duty also to see that the ambulances arc not used
for any other purpose than that for which they
are designed and ordered. It shall be the duty
of the medical director, or chief medical officer of
the Army corps, previous to a march, and previous
to and in time of action, or whenever it may be
necessary to use the ambulances, to. issue the
proper orders to the captain for the distribution
and management of the same, for collecting the
sick and wounded and conveying them to their
destination. And it shall be the duty of the cap-
tain faithfully and diligently to execute such or-
ders; and the officers of the ambulance corps, in-
cluding the medical director, shall make such re-
ports, from time to time, as may be required by
the Secretary of War, the Surgeon General, the
medical director of the Army, or the commanding
officer of the Army corps in which they may be
serving; and all reports to higher authority than
the commanding officer of the Army corps shall
be transmitted to the medical director of the army
to which such Army corps belongs.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the first
lieutenant assigned to the ambulance corps for a
division shall have complete control, under the
captain of his corps and the medical director of
the Army corps, of all the ambulances, medicine,
and other wagons, horses, mules, and men in
that portion of the ambulance corps. Ho shall
be the acting assistant quartermaster for that por-
tion of the ambulance corps, and will receipt for
and be responsible forallthe property belonging
to it, and be held responsible for any deficiency
in anything appertaining thereto. He shall have a
traveling cavalry forge, a blacksmith, and a sad-
dler, who shall be under his orders, to enable him
to keep his train in order. He shall have author-
ity to diaw supplies from the depot quartermas-
ter, upon requisitions approved by the captain of
his corps, the medical director, and the com-
mander of the Army corps to which he is at-
tached. It shall be his duty to exercise a con-
stantsupervision overhis tram in every particular,
and keep it at all times ready for service.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatthe sec-
ond lieutenant shall have command of the por-
tion of the ambulance corps for a brigade, and
shall be under the immediate orders of the first
lieutenant, and he shall extrcise a careful super-
vision over the sergeants and privates assigned to
tiie portion of the ambulance corps for his brigade;
and it shall he the duty of the sergeants to conduct
the drills and inspections of the ambulances under
his orders', of their respective regiments.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the am-
bulances in the armies of the United States shall
be used only for the transportation of the sick
and wounded, and, in urgent cases only, for
medical supplies; fend all persons shall be pro-
hibited from using them,or requiring them to be
used, for any other purpose, ltsfyall be the duty
of the officers of the ambulance corps to report
to-tiie commander of the Army corps any viola-
tion of the provisions of this section, or any at-
tempt to violate the same. And any officer who
shall use an ambulance, or require it to be used,
for any other purpose ehan as provided in this sec-
tion, shall, for the first offense, be publicly repri-
manded by the commander of the Army corps in
which he may be serving, and for the second
offense shall be dismissed from the service.
Sec. 9., And be it further enacted, That no per-
son except the proper medical officers, "or the
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
of the ambulance corps, or such persons as may
be specially assigned, by competent military au-
thority, to duty with the ambulance corps for the
occasion, shall be permitted to take, or accom-
pany sick or wounded men to the rear, either oh
the march or upon the field of battle.
Sec. 10. Aid be it further enacted, That Oie
officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates
of tile ambulance corps shall be designated by
such uniform, or in such manner as the Secretary
of War shall deem proper: Provided, That offi-
cers and men may be relieved from service in
said corps, and others detailed to the same, sub-
ject to the examination provided ill the second
section of this act, in the discretion of the com-
manders of ithe armies in which they may be
serving.
Sec. 11. And beit further enacted, Thatitshall
be the duty of the commander of the Army corps
to transmit to tlio Adjutant General the names
and rank of all officers and enlisted men detailed
for service in the ambulance corps of such Army
corps, stating the organizations from which they'
may have been so detailed; andifsuch officcrsand
men belong to volunteer oiganizations, the Adju-
tant General shall thereupon notify the Governors
of the several States in which such organizations
were raised, of their detail for such service; and
it shall be the duty of the commander of the
Army corps to report to the Ad jutant General,
from time to time, the conduct and behavior of
the officers and enlisted men of the ambulance
corps, and the Adjutant General shall forward
copies of such reports, so far as .they relate to
officers and enlisted men of volunteer organiza-
tions, to the Governors of the States in which
such organizations were raised.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That noth-
ing in this act shall be constiued to diminish or
impair the rightful authority of the commanders
of armies, Army corps, or separate detachmrnts,
over the medical and other officers, and the non-
commissioned officers and privates of their re-
spective commands.
Approved, March 11,. 1804.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act to constitute Parlcers-
buig, in the State of West Virginia, a Port of
Delivery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That Parkersburg, in the State of
West Virginia, shall be, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a pnrtof delivery, within the collection dis-
tnctof iNewOrleans; and there shall beappointed
a surveyor of customs to reside atsaid port, who
shall, in addition to his own duties, perform the
duties and receive the salary and emoluments pre-
scnbed by the act of Congress approved on the
second of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
one^ for importing merchandise into Pittsburg,
Wheeling, and other places.
Approved, March 11, 18G4.
CnAy. XXX.—An Act to supply^Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, ancrthe
