1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
write to the Department trying to get transferred
to the naval service. There is no provision now
by which transfers can be made. This is not a
provision to meet their particular eases, but to en-
able the Navy Department to avail itself of that
particular class of men, and with the consent of
thfi War Department to transfer them. The res-
olution already provides concerning the matter of
bounties and the matter of prize money.
I wish to say a word further, and no more. We
are liable every hour on the Pacific coast to have
our exports of gold stopped. There is but one
vessel on that coast that is able to meet a privateer,
and her crew to-day is held by force beyond the
term of enlisimcntunder Admiral Bell,and he has
so telegraphed to the Department here. The con-
dition of affairs there I do not wish to speak of
at length, because 1 do not desire to give it pub-
licity to the country and to expose the danger in
which our material interests stand from the as-
saults of one single ship of the enemy. 1 hope
nothing will be done to delay the passage of this
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment which I pro-
pose is not calculated to delay the Senator's res-
olution, but is calculated to facilitate it and to
enable us to fit out the oth„er vessels which it is
proposed to send to the coast of California. I
will state to the Senator from California that I
hold in my hand a letter from Admiral Smith to
me on this very subject 
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to suggest to the
Senator that if he will let the vote be taken with-
out further discussion 1 shall not oppose his
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The first of these resolutions,
as the Senate have already seen, will cause some-
what of an anomaly in the service. .It provides
that the Provost Marshal General, an agent of
the War Department, shall enlist seamen for the
Navy. It isconsented to by the Secretary of the
Navy, but merely, I suppose, for the purpose of
meeting the present exigency which I know ex-
ists, not only from the statement made by the
honorable member from California, but from other
sources. The Pacific ought to beat once supplied
with some of our war steamers. I do not know
whether the city of San Francisco would be in
any danger; I do not know whether the fort at
the mouth of the bay is now completed or not.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state to the Senator
that there is a fort on one side of the entrance to
the bay; but in a fog an enemy'sshtp could pass
in at night by going to the other side of the chan-
nel, and lay that city under contribution at any
moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that fort itself completed ?
Mr. CONNESS. It is m a condition fur de-
fensive operations, but it has not all its batteries.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only meant by referring
to that to say that I concur with the Senator that
something ought to be done, and done at once;
and therefore I have no objection to passing the
resolution, though it produces what is an anom-
aly in itself. Inasmuch as the resolution as it
stands is a permanent one, and would extend
through all time until we changed it, I would pro-
pose to add at the conclusion of the first resolu-
tion that the authority hereby given shall expire
at the expiration of one year.
Mr. GRIMES. It will not be used if it is not
necessary. Suppose another exigency hke this
occurs six mouths hence.
Mr. JOHNSON. It does not interfere with the
President's authority.
Mr. CONNESS, Not at all. Itgives the Pres-
ident discretion in the premises. 1 do not under-
stand the jSenator from Maryland to wish to
amend it, as the resolution leaves the matter
entirely in the discretion of the President.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well. I do not care
anything about it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
PlilCli OB" GAS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 77.
The motion was agreed to •, and the bill (S. No.
77) to amend the act incorporating the Washing-
ton Gas-Light Company was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that from
and after March 1, 1864, the Washington Gas-
Light Company shall not receive from consumers
more than thirty-three and one third cents per
hundred cubic feet of gas furnished by it, subject
to a discount of not less than ten per cent, on all
bills for gas if paid at the office of the company
within five days from the rendition thereof, pro-
vided all arrears have been paid.
Mr. WILLEY. The bill was reported by the
Committee on the District of Columbia. I do not
wish to detain the Senate by any reasons w.hich
influenced the committee in reporting it unless it
shall be desired by some Senator.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I should like to inquire
whatchangc is made in the existing charter or
law ?
Mr. WILLEY. I will state briefly that at the
commencement of the present war the price ofgas
fixed by the act of July 25, 1860, was thirty-five
cents per one hundred cubic feet. There was an
amendment to that, by the act approved July 17,
1862, entitled " An act making further appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, "&c., andbysection threeof thatact it was
provided that the company should receive only
twenty-eight ccnts for gas furnished to^he Gov-
ernment, and thirty cents per hundred cubic feet
for gas furnished to citizens. The present bill
provides that the rate shall be uniform at thirty-
three and one third cents per hundred cubic feet.
The increased price asked for seemed to be
justified by the facts which were made known to
the committee. In April, 1861, during the opera-
tion of the act to which 1 first alluded, the cost
of coal per ton in the shed was five dollars; it is
now $11 50. The cost of lime, another article
needed in the manufacture of gas, per bushel was
in 1661 seven cents; it is now nine cents. Iron
for retorts, &c., at that time was one and one half
centapound; it is now four cents a pound. Fire-
bricks per thousand could then be purchased for
twenty-five dollars; they now cost forty dollars.
Labor has increased sixty per cent.; it is uxty
per cent, more at this time than it was in 1861.
From the statement that I have made it will be
seen that coal and iron have advanced since that
time over one hundred and twenty-five per cent.,
the result of which was that the company at its
last meeting on December 30, 3863, was bound to
give notice to the stockholders that it could de-
clare no dividend, and I have before me the cir-
cular which they published containing the follow-
ing resolution:
" Whereas the prices of coal, iron, labor, and materials
entering into the manufacture of ga<*, the coot of mainten-
ance and repairs of the woiks ot this company have in-
creased from sixty to over one hundred and twenty per
cent., and Congies& has reduced the price of ga  to con-
sumers more than seventeen per cent-, thereby tendering
it impossible to manulactuie and s?ell gas without loss.; and
whereas the operations of the company for the past six
months show rio piolit: Theiefote,
" Resolved, That it is not in the power of the directors
to deciaie a dividend."
I suppose that the Senator will hardly expect
the company to furnish light to the Government
and to the citizens of the District without any
compensation or profit. And upon these facts the
committee supposed themselves justified in in-
creasing the rates, making them umfonn at thirty-
three and one third cents per hundied cubic feet,
subject to a deduction of ten per cent, for bills pre-
sented within five days and promptly paid. This
makes the uniform rate paid thirty cents per hun-
dred cubic feet.
With these facts, I think it is but just to the
company that the bill, as reported by the com-
mittee, should be passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading,and was read the third time,and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The hill from the House of Representatives
(No. 42) to enable guardians and committees of
lunatics, appointed in the several States and other
countries, to act within the District of Columbia,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL.
Mr. DIXON. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 79.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
79) to incorporate Providence hospital of the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, was con-
sidered~as in Committee of the Whole. By its
provisions Lucy Gwyne,Teresa Angeio Costetlo,
Sarah McDonald? Mary E. Spalding, and Mary
Carroll, and their successors in office, are made,
declared, and constituted a corporation and body-
politic in law and in fact, under the name and
style of the Directors of Providence Hospital.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
the District of Columbia with two amendments,
the first of which was to insert at the cod of the
first section the following proviso:
Provided, That the real estate held by said corporation
shall not exceed ia value the sum of $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the close
of the third section this proviso;
And "provided further, That this act shall be liable to be
amended, altered, or repealed, at the pleasure of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I move further to amend the foil!
by striking out the word " servicc" in line five of
section two, and inserting " serve," and in line
eleven of that section by striking out " who" and
inserting "as." *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those verbal
amendments will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
SAVINGS BANK.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S. No.
15) to incorporate the Washington City Savings
Bank was next considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The corporators named in the bill are
William B. Todd, William P. Dole, Edward
Clark, Edward J. Simms, Joseph J. Coombs,Z.
C. Robbing, and Thomas S Gardner.
The first amendment of the Committee on the
District of Columbia was to insert the name of
John R. Elvans among the corporators.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sections
two and three of the original bill, as follows:
See. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said corpora-
tion shall not take and hold real estate ab.ove the clear an-
nual value of $10,000, exclusive of the piofiu which may
atise from the interestaccruwg on the stock or other secur-
ities taken on the investment of the deposits made in said
bank, or from a sale or transfer of any stoek or securities.
Stc. 3. And be it further enacted, That the trustees or
managers of said corpoiation shall not, directly or indirectly,
icceive any pay or emoluments lor their services.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sections
five, six, and seven, as follows:
Sec. 5. And he it. further enacted, That the several per-
sons named iti the fust section ot this act shall be the tirsi
trustees and managers ot baid coi potation, and shall elect
from their number the president and vice president. And
all vacancies by deaih, resignation, or otherwise, cither in
the office of piusidcnt, vice piesident, or trustee, shall be
filled by the board of managers at their first regular meeting
after such vacancy shall occur, by ballot; and the person
havmgthe majouty of the whole number present and voting
shall be considered duly elected, and not oihenvise.
Sec. G. And be it farther enacted, That tiie corporation
shall receive as deposits all sums of money that may be
ofleied for lhatpuipo.se, in such sum* and on such terms as
are allowed by this act, tor ihe purpose of being invested
in any public stock created under and by virtue of any law
oi the United States, or of any of the United States, or of
beme loaned out upon bond and moitgage on real estate of
double the value ot the sum loaned ; and such depositsshall
be paid to each depositor when required, at such times and
wall such interest and under such regulations a& the board of
managers shall from time to time prescribe; which regula-
tions shall he put up in some conspicuous place in the room
where the business ofsaid coipoiation shall be transacted,
and shall not be altered so as to affect any one who may
have been a depo-itot picvious tosuch alteration until after
personal notice thereof.
Sec. 7. And be it jurlhcr enacted, That no president,
vice president, trustee, or other officer of saul corporation
shall bonow or use the funds ofsaid corpotation except to
pay the necessary current expenses; and all certificates or
evidences of deposit, made by the proper officer, shall be
as effectual to bind the corpoiation as if they were under
the common seal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing new sections, to come in as sections three,
four, and five:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That said corporation
shall meet annually in the month of April, and as much
ofteiier a* they may judge expedient; and any seven mem-
i bers of said corporation, the picsident, secretary, or treaa-
