1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
sidered it very carefully, and he has come to a
different conclusion, and he presents very con-
clusive arguments to my mind why the sugges-
tion of Governor Pollock ought not to be enter-
tained. 1 am at present inclined to agree with
the Senator from Oiegon on that point. Never-
theless, 1 think it fair to remind the Senator that
a few years ago there was evidently a tendency
to national disintegration exhibited by the mints
at Charleston and New Orleans. 1 have not the
slightest suspicion that anysueh tendency would
ever be exhibited by a mint at Portland, in the
State of Oregon.
But that is not the reason, it ought to be un-
derstood, why the Director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia advises against the establishment of this
mint at Portland. His reason is that it will be
more expensive, if not impracticable, to attempt
this coinage at that point, and therefore it is not
for the interests of the United States to establish
this mint. It may be that it would be for the in-
terests of the State of Oregon to have this gold
coined there.
The Senator has argued with a great deal of
force, as he always argues, that it is for the in-
terest of the miners, those who produce this ore,
to have it coined at Portland. I may be mistaken
upon that point, but 1 really think the interests
of the miners, of the men who produce this ore,
are better subserved by the bill we have reported
here than they would be by the bill asked for by
the Senator. If this mint was established atPort-
Jand, before ihe miner could ascertain the value
of his ore hAnust send the ore to Portland, in
Oregon. We have recommended the passage of
a bill which provides for the establishing of an
assay office at Dalles City, much nearer the mining
operations of Oregon than Portland is, situated,
as I understand, in the very gateway which leads
to these mines. If the hill which the committee
have recommended shall be enacted into a law,
the miners, therefore, have only to take their ore
to Dalles City, and there they ascertain its exact
value, and there they are paid for it by certificates
which are payable in coin at San Franeiwco, and
1 understand thatexchange iw always against the
State of Oregon; exchange on San Francisco is
always worth a small premium. At Dalles City
the premium would probably be an appreciable
sum; just how much I do notknow; undoubt-
edly varying. But if the bill which the commit-
tee have leeommended is enacted into a law
the miner can take his ore to Dalles City, and
there can have the com for it, or he can have a
draft, or what is equivalent to a diaft, on San
Francisco, which is worth more than (he coin. So
it seems to me it is decidedly better for the miner
than it woujd be for us to establish a mint at Port-
land. If the interests of the miner, therefore, and
the interests of the United States are better sub-
served by the establishment of an assay office at
Dalles City than by a mint at Portland, I really
think the amendment offered by the Senator from
Oregon ought not to be adopted, but the bill should
be passed aa it was reported from the Committee
on Finance.
I do not know that f need to take np the lime
of the Senate any further. The letter which has
been read from Governor Pollock really contains
the whole argument on the subject. 1 should not
have made any remarks at all but for the very
effective attack that was made upon this letter. 1
wish to make one more suggestion to the Senator
from Oiegon in that behalt. There is a man over
in Boston by the name of 0. W. Holmes who is
supposed to understand the subject of wit. He
says that it is of the very essence of wit that it
gives but a partial and incomplete view of every
subjeeton which it touches. He says that itgives
out single rays, blue or green or yellow, but never
that combination of colois which you get in white
light. He says that comes from wisdom alone.
11cally thought that the Senator's speech the other
day illustrated the tiuth of this definition of wit.
I think he gave us rather a partial and incomplete
view of the subject. 1 thought that when he held
up the letter of Governor Pollock as advising
against the establishment of the mint at Portland
upon the ground that it tended to national disin-
tegration, it was not a full and fair exposition of
the Go\ ernor's aigument upon that point.
Another thing: 1 am not entirely sure that if
wit is to be employed in the Senate it ought to
be employed upon such communications as this
that 1 hold in my hand, or to demolish such offi-
cers and agents of ours as those must necessai ily
be who are employed m the coinage of the coun-
try. If wit can be confined to such persons as
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
on whom it was used very effectually a short
time since, I am inclined to think it is legitimate;
but the coining of money is not calculated to make
wits, and whoever employs it on such persons,
you see at oncc has them decidedly at a disad-
vantage. I hope the Senator hereafter will con-
fine himself to such subjects as I have indicated
and let Governor Pollock pass. I am told that
he is a very faithful and very capable officer, hon-
est, intelligent, and well informed; and he should
not be laughed out of existence if we can help it.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, lam admon-
ished in the discussion of this question that any
time that may be occupied in it is at the expense
and by the courtesy of the Senator from West
Virginia. I regret that the measure is not before
the Senate in a manner that would admit of my
going at length into an examination of Mr. Pol-
lock's letter. I occupied the time of the Senate
about twenty days ago, at considerable length, in
discussing a single paragraph of that letter, which
was not the one that I think is the most open to
objection. But as the bill has been pending dur-
ing the entire last session of Congress and during
this session of Congress, under the circumstances
in which it is now before the Senate I propose to
forego any further discussion of that letter, which
embodies all the arguments that have been pre-
sented to the Senate against the amendment that
I have proposed to the pending bill. The letter
has been read, it is true, by the Senator from
Wisconsin; but I see nothing particular in it that
should affect the decision of the Senate upon the
question.
There is one point, however, In relation to the
remarks that i made on that letter to which the
Senator from Wisconsin takes exemption. He
complains that I dealt with the subject, not in
that grave, dignified, and statesmanlike manner
which he brings to the consideration of all sub-
jects hero, but that I dealt with it in a manner
which he is so kind as to call witty. Sir, I made
no pretensions of that sort. I simply brought
what ability 1 had to the discussion of that ques-
tion, and I regret exceedingly that i did notbring
it in a manner that .should he gi at i lying to the Sen-
ator i'umi Wisconsin. The people of Oregon, in
sending me hero, I suppose, selected such ma-
terial as they had at hand If, as the Senator
from Wisconsin states, it is true that they sent
a witty man, they should no more be held re-
sponsible for it than Wisconsin should for send-
ing what peihaps 1 might term a dull man.
[Laughter.] I regret that it is not in my power
to bung to the discussion of this and every other
subject that wisdom which the Senator from
Wisconsin seems to hold in such high adniiiation,
and winch he thinks it is proper should br bi ought
to the consideration of all subjects. J t is perhaps
the fault of my nature that I am unable to imitate
the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin in this
delibetative body. He brings, I admit, all that
profound wisdom, all that dignity of character,
all that quiet demeanor which I have sometimes
thought charactei ized a women's sewingsociety.
' [Laughter.]
I discussed this question when it was up before
at some length, and I said then about nil that I
desire to any on the subject. The considerations
i| upon which the Senator has dwelt, as extracts
ij from Mr. Pollock's letter, 1 eaie nothing about.
: I think 1 presented to the Senate the other day
/ nil that was necessary to he said on the subject of
!* that letter. Upon the remaiks that I made the I
I' other day and upon the letter of Governor Pol-
i lock I am willing that the issue shall be made up;
!• and 1 am willing that the Senate shall decide be-
ll tween the arguments that 1 have presented and
the arguments which Mr. Pollock has pn sented.
Had I the time, I believe I could show that every
statement m his letter is fallacious and the most
of them untrue. Notwithstanding that 1 did so
characterize it here in the Senate, the Senator
from Wisconsin comes in with an elaborate de-
fense of Mr. Pollock and a deprecation of what
| i said m relation to his letter. Mankind is so
i constituted that I believe there never has been and
never will be a folly or a wickedness perpetrated
by any man so gross that it will not find defend-
ers in some quarters. Why, sir, Byron immor-
talized that idea when he said:
"Yet none in lofty number-* can surpass
The bard who soais to elegize an ass;
So well flic subject suits his noble nund,
'A fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind.*"
[Laughter.]
Sir, this is all I have to say in reply to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin; and upon the issue as now
presented I am willing that the question shall be
taken rather than to trespass further on the time
of the Senator from West Virginia. I ask for a
fair vote upon my amendment by the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the amendment be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read be-
fore the vote is taken.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Piesident 
Mr. SUMNER. I hopetheSenator will allow
the order of the day to come up.
Mr. HOWE. Only a moment.
Mr. SUMNER, i do not think we can get a
vote on this bill now, and as the Senator from
West Virginia has the floor on the other question
which is the order of the day, I hope it will be
taken up.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. It is evident we cannot get a
vote on this subject.
Mr. HALE. We can have it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be again reported. The words proposed to
be stricken out will first be read and then the
words proposed to be inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theyarebothlong,and
T think it is baldly worth while to read them.
The bill reported by the Committee on Finance
under the advice of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is a bill to establish an assay office. The
Senator from Oregon moves to strike that out and
to insert a bill establishing a mint.
Mr. NESM1TII. That is all there is in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the call for
the reading.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mi. FESSENDEN (after first voting in the
^negative) said: 1 desire to change my vote. I
vote " yea." I do it for the purpose of moving
a reconsideration.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 16;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Chandler, Connees,
Divrn, Fe-^enden, Il.ilc, Harding, tiarus, Henderson,
Jlemlnck'5. Howaid, Lane ol Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
iUeDougall, iWoi«<ni, Ne-mith, I'owfdt, Riddle, Salisbury,
Ten I'iVek. Wilkinson, and Will^y—'W.
NAYS—.Mi'ssr" Anthony. Biu-kalrw, Clark, CoJlamer,
Cowan, Duoliitlc, Fo.-ter, Howe, Johnson, Morrill, Sher-
man, vSpi.iitue, Sumner, Tuunbull, Van Winkle, and
Wilson—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gin. notice that I shall
move a reconshhuation of that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT The next ques-
tion will be on ordering the bill to bp engrossed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say I shall move a re-
eonsideiahon of the amendment.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator does
it now, then. This is the only time at which it
can be done. The bill is now before the Senate,
and the next question will be on ordering it to be
engiossed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, I make the motion
to reconsider now.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator from
Maine moves to reconsider the vote just taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted in the affirma-
tive for the purpose or moving a leconsideiation
of the vote upon this paiticwhir amendment; but
if I can make the same motion, or call up the
question when the bill gets into the Senate, I will
withdiaw my motion to reconsider it now. I
suppose I can do that. The bill is now in com-
mittee, as I understand.
Mr. FOSTER. The question will be taken
again in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The same question can
be taken again when the bill ts reported to the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir. The
Chair was under a misapprehension. The bill
