146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
same are hereby, appropriated to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriation's for the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and eixty-four, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated:
For contingent expenses of the southeast ex-
ecutive building, including the extension, viz:
For fuel, labor, light, and miscellaneous items,
thirteen thousand three hundred and five dollars.
^For supplying a deficiency in the current ex-
penses of the branch mint at Denver, for the cur-
rent fiscal year, eighteen thousand three hundred
and seventy-seven dollars and sixty-nine cents.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of returns clerk, from Janu-
ary first to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, to the thirty-first of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, when the
office was closed, one thousand six hundred and
sixty-eight dollars and forty-eight cents. .
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Arizona, and the clerics in his office, four thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
To supply deficiencies in the Department of
Agriculture for the current year, as follows:
For the purchase of sorghum seed, two thou-
sand dollars. , _ t
For rebuilding shop in the propagating garden,
eight hundred dollars.
For postage, thirteen hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For carpets, furniture, and cans for fruit, three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, three hundred dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For supplying a deficiancy in the appropriations
for the payment of the clerks, messengers, copy-
ists, and laborers in the office of the Quartermaster
General, one hundred and fifty-six thousand six
hundred and fifty-one dollars rind sixty-six cents.
For salary of an additional Assistant Secretary
of War, fifteen hundred dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the purchase and manufacture of arms for volun-
teers and regulars, ordnance and ordnance stores,
seven million seven hundred thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the manufacture of arms at the national armory,
seven bundled thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the Surgeon General's department, to wit:
For medical instruments and dressings, one
million three hundred thousand dollars.
For hospital stores, bedding, ctc., one million
two hundred thousand dollars.
For hospital furniture and field equipmonts,
three hundred thousand dollars.
For books, stationery, and printing, thirty-six
thousand dollars.
For ice, fruits, and other comforts, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For hospital clothing, forty thousand dollars.
For citizen nurses, thirty-eight thousand dol-
lars.
For sick sold.iers in private hospitals, seventeen
thousand dollars.
Fornrtificial limbs for soldiers and seamen, six-
teen thousand dollars.
For citizen physicians and medicines furnished
by them, one hundred and eighty-five thousand
dollars.
For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying
depots, twenty-live thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the medical depart-
ment, five thousand dollars.
For medicines and medical attendance for negro
refugees,commonly culled ''contrabands," thirty-
three thousand dollars.
For washing and washing-machines for hos-
pitals, where matrons cannot be employed, one
thousand dollars.
To suppl y a deficiency in the appropriation for
the subsistence of the Army, to wit:
For volunteers and drafted men, five millions
eight hundred and twenty-four thousand dollars.
Forempioyes, six hundred [and J forty thousand
six hundred and forty dollars.
For women, two hundred [and] eighteen thou-
sand and four hundred dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the engineer department:
For contingencies of fortifications, including
field works, five hundred thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the Quartermaster's department, to wit:
For purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
seventeen millions five hundred thousand dollars.
For regular supplies of the Quartermaster's de-
partment, eighteen.millionsfive hundred thousand
dollars.
For barracks, quarters, etc., three millions five
hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, thirty millions
of dollars.
For incidental expenses of the Quartermaster's
department, two millions $f dollars.
For transportation of officers' baggage, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For clothing, camp, and. garrison equipage,
seven millions of dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the Adjutant General's department: •
For purchase of books of tactics, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
fuel, and equipment and recruiting, in the Bureau
of Equipmentand Recruiting, two million dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
clothing for the Navy, three hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for contingent expenses of the Naval Academy,
thirty-eight thousand dollars.
For salary of commissioner to codify the naval
laws, under joint resolution ofMarch third, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, three thousand nine
hundred and eighty-three dollarsand sixty-seven
cents.
For additional repairs at the Norfolk navy-
yard, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For wharf, machine shop, bridge, buildings
for naval stores, and other works at Port Royal,
South Carolina, one hundred and forty-four thou-
sand and six hundred dollars.
To supply a deficiency jn the appropriation for
filling in the giounds foi the new foundery ut the
Brooklyn navy-yard, forty-five thousand nine
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For temporary storehouse for provisions at the
Brooklyn navy-yard, two thousand dollars.
For tempoiary stoiehouse for provisions at the
Boston navy-yard, two thousand dollars.
STATE DEPARTMENT.
For salary of the minister at Salvador, from
April sixteenth,eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, at seven thousand five hundred dollars per
annum, rune thousand sixty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, watchmen,
and porter, in the office of the Assistant Treas-
urer of New York, twelve thousand dollars.
For additional allowance to clerks in the office
of the Assistant Tieasurer at Boston, two thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation to designated depositaries,
two thousand dollars.
Fois salaries of designated depositary at Santa
Fe, New Mexico, and the clerk, watchman?and
porter in his office, four thousand-eight hundred
dollars.
I^or supplying deficiency in the appropriation for
facilitating communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States by electrical telegraph, twenty
thousand dollais.
For refunding to the appropriation for the Treas-
ury extension the amount of payments made out
of that fund for furniture, night-watch, and other
miscellaneous items, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For the continuation of the north wing of the
Treasury extension, fencing, grading, and mis-
cellaneous items, two hundred and fitly thousand
dollars.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous items
for the Treasury building, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the payment of claims due various parties
for furiSiture and for the alterations in the offices
of the Assistant Treasurer and collector of cus-
toms atNew York, and for constructing burglar-
jn-oof vaults, eighty thousand dollars.
For completing the repairs of the Government
warehouse on Staten Island, ten thousand dollars.
- For alterations of the custom-house at Cincin-
nati, Ohio, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For alterations of the custom-house at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, fifteen thousand dollars.
For completion of the custom-tiouse at Du 
buque, Iowa, thirty thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of custom-houses,
marine hospitals, and other public buildings, under
the supervision of the Treasury Department, ten
thousand dollars.
For furniture and repairs of furniture of tho
various public buildings, under the supervision of
the Treasury Department, five, thousand dollars.
For the payment of Ephraim Swett, for services
as superintendent of the custom-house at Belfast,
Maine, nine hundred and ninety-two dollars.
For erecting new furnaces in the basement of
the east wing of the Patent Office building, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For repairs of rooms in sub-basement of the
west wing of the Patent Office building, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the Capitol extension, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For the construction of water-closets in the base-
ment of the south front of the Patent Officebuild-
ing, two thousand dollars.
For deficiency.in the appropriation for keeping
in repairand partially finishing and furnishing the
Post Office building, nine thousand one hundied
and seventy-one dollars and ninety-nine cents.
For the completion of the post office building
in Philadelphia,'■ twenty-five thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for salaries
and expenses of the commissioners appointed un-
der the fifth section, act of sixteenth February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
For deficiency to pay salary of one Indian agent,
each, in Utah and Nevada Territory, from third
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the
first July, eighteen hundied and sixty-four, atfive
hundred dollars per annum, as increase pay, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
the public printing, one hundred andeleven thou-
sand dollais: Provided, That hereafter no printing
or binding shall be done, or blank-books be pro-
cured for any of the Executive Departments oftha
Government without a written requisition on the
Superintendent of Public Printing from the head
of such Department, or for either House of Con-
gress, except on the written order of the Secretary
of the Senate or Clexk of the House of Represent-
atives, for which said printing, binding, or blank-
books may be required. And the said Superin-
tendent, m his annual report, shall hereafter be
required to repoit the amount of work ordered
and done, with a general classification thereof, for
each Department.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
paper for the public printing, tlnee hundied and
seventy-four thousand dollars.
To supply u deficiency m the appropriation for
the public binding, one hundred thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving for the House
of Representatives, ten thousand dollars.
For mapping, in cas s pending in the Supreme
Court of the United States, nine thousand dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
the supportof the light-house establishment, four-
teen thousand one hundied and fifty-six dollars
and sixty-five cents.
For rebuilding light-house at Cape Charles,
Virginia, twenty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation for
stationery in the Treasury Department, twenty
thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation for
ordnance, ordnance^stores, labor, and contingent
expenses in the Bureau of Ordnance of the Navy
Department, two million seven hundred and forty
thousand dollars: Provided, however, That no
* money shall be paid under this item of appropria-
