2750
THE! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,-
there is as great a scarcity of mechanical labor
now as there'is of agricultural labor. We ha^e
not mechanics who are at liberty*to construct
these'machines. 1 Thelabo.r is not iri the country,
ft is known to every man' that we are atthis time
encouraging the importation of laborers,and yet
the moment a proposition is made to permit the
importation of this machinery duty free "for a
short space of tim6, we are met with the objec-
tion that the-machin'es can be constru-cted here.
Now, Mr. Chairman,:unl;e£s this privilege-is
extended, I venture to say that during the next
year there will flqt be'a' sm^le machine, operated
py stfeam, introduced into/this cbuntry. Now is
the time of all others to ifttroduc^, if practicable,
such machinery* into use in this country. The
Secretary of "the Treasury favors .this measure.
His letter to the. Committee of Ways and Means
on this subject is in the House now, as I under-
'stand, favoring this very proposition.
I "hope the amendment will be adopted, and that
any individual under the auspices of an agricul-
tural society who chooses to invest his money
will be encouraged.
It is much better for the Government to con-
tribute a small amount from its revenue to intro-
duce these labor-saving machines than to expend
it in importing the laborers to supply its place.
It is said that we may import the models of these
machinesand manufacture them ourselves. That
The experiment has been tried,
and it has proved a failure. Our mechanics wi
doubtless improve upon the machines sent from
Europe, when they have tiiose machines herein
actual operation. I am informed that the experi-
ment has already-been tried of introducing the
models of these machines from Europe for the
purpose of constructing machines, and that it has
failed. Rut, air, let the machines themselves be
introduced, and, if successful, our mechanics will
then construct them afterwards.
Mr. MAXiLO&Y. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman lastup will not prevail, but that the
amendment as originally offered will be adopted.
I think it is very highly important that the ma-
chinery which lias been alluded to for the manu-
facture of flax and hemp should be imported and
the experiment of its practicability tried; and it
is certainly important that the steam agricultural
machinery now in its infancy should be imported
duty free for at least one year. It is nothing more
than the people of the United States have the
right to expect from their Government. If they
were to ask the Government to introduce the
steam plows at its own expense and distribute
them among the agricultural societies at the West,
it would not be an unreasonable request, for the
purpose of tasting the usefulness ofupplyingsuch
machinery to the cultivation of our immense lields
in the West. Camels were, introduced into the
country some years ago by the Government for
the purpose of testing their usefulness for trans-
portation over the deserts which lie on the route
to the Pacific, resembling m many respects the
African deserts where the camel is used with bo
much success. * And I see no reason why steam
plows should not also be introduced by the Gov •
ernmentto see whether they may not be rendered
availablem the cultivation of the immense piatnes
of the West. .
The gentleman intimates that all this machinery
may be constructed by the mechanics of this coun-
try, and that we need not bring it from abroad. I
apprehend that will not be done. No mechanic
or business man will be found investing his
money rashly in the construction at large expense
of new machinery before he is satisfied that when
constructed it can be sold by lum in the country.
If this amendment be adopted, however, it may
not be twelve months before we shall be able to
witness the operation of the steam plow in break-
ing up the virgin soil of the West.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
amendment,
Mr. FENTON, I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania first to allow a letter from the Secretary
of the X reasury to be read upon this subject.
Mr. SI EVENS. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, May 17, 18G4.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a communi-
cation from Mr. E.Cornell, ofltliaea, New York, hoiieitni"
the cooperation ol the. Government^) the extent of being
allowed to import one entire set of the different models of
steam agricultural machinery fiom England free of duty.
Mr. Cornell writes: "The great scarcity of agricultural
labor, caused-by the heavy demand of the Government for
men to fill the rpnks'pf our Army, has Jed to an otganized
movement in the State of New York for the introduction
of steam in the cultivation of farms." , ,
The obvious importance of this enterprise commends it
to the favor-of Congress, and may, perhaps, warrant the
free admission of steam agricultural implements for a lim-
ited period, undei the, same general principle which is now
recognized in the free admission*of articleg for the use, of
the United States.
The whole matter is respectfully submitted for your con-
sideration.
I am? very respectfully, - S.P.CHASE,
Secretary of the Treastiry.
Hon. Thaddecs Stevens, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means', House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
' Mr. STEVENS. I now move that, the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. FENTON. I think there will be no more
debate.
Mr. STEVENS. If there is not, I will, of
course, withdraw the motion.
The question was stated on the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I will accept that as a substi-
tute for the latter portion of my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend tlfe amend-
ment by striking out the word " steam." There
iw no reason why this disciiminatiori should be
made in favor of large capitalists engaged in farm-
ing and against the small capitalists; and the
whole of this thing is in favor of large capitalists.
There is no good reason why this should be so.
I live in a country where there is no steam ma-
chinery used in agriculture. This may be im-
portant to the regions where men have a thousand
acres each under cultivation. My constituents
are small farmers and do not need this machin-
ery. They have to pay duty on the agricultural
implements which they use, which I think ought
to come in duty free.
Mr. KASSON. I hope that the gentleman
from Indmimwill not press his amendment to the
amendment. And, sir, our own manufacturers
of agricultural implements not only can supply
but do supply the entire demand cheaper than we
can import them. That is not a practical benefit
to agriculture; this is; and instead of being op-
posed by those who fear that a like profit will be
taken from some of the manufacturers of machin-
ery it ought generally to be supported, for if suc-
cessful it will eetevery shop in thecountry at work
in order to supply the machines here at home.
If this be adopted the result will be that only
throe or four machines will be imported, as it
takes time to get the order out and the machinery
imported, i hope the amendment will be allowed
to stand as it is.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Kasson's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 68,
noes 42.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to adopt
the following as an additional section:
Pit. '2D. vlndhc it jurtkci cnncted.That v\ henever good-*,
waies, and meiehandw --hall be enieied in bond, and the
ownei Mliali doMie in tinnier sueli good-*, waifs, and mer-
chandise to anoiliei poit ol entry in bond, lie may appear
before the collector ol the port to winch the same me to ho
trandeiml, and maj piovethe value and product: invoices
of the goods so imported, and give the bond in the same
mannci a-.by pioviMon of law he is now requited to piove
valueand give bond to the eollectoi o( the original port of
cntiy; and be shall, theieupon, be entitled to have his
good*, wares, and meichandisii Voi warded in bond to the
poit of destination in the manner now provided by law.
Mr. Chairman, the objcct of that amendment
is to relieve merchants who are not upon the sea-
board from some of the inconveniences of being
forced to appear before the collector of the ori-
ginal port to enter and make these proofs.
The, amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I rnovn this us the last
amuiulmentofthe Committee of Way sand Means,
to come in at tin; end of the last section:
Jlnd}>rovulc(]fut Ikcr, That tile duties 011 all goods, wares,
anil mi'rehuudise iinpoiti'd from tdreign couutrus. not (no-
veiled ior hy r!i; act, &li;U! in; and loin.iiii as tin \ wrrf ae~
coidin" to existing taws prior to tin; SJiHli of Aptil, 1864.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORR1IJ, moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
Thu motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose-, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Schenck reported that the
Committee of the Wholeon thestateof the Union
had, according to order,had the Timor) generally
under consideration and particularly House bill
Wo. 494, to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes, and had directed him to report
the same back to the Jrlousewith sundry amend-
ments. '
ENROLLED BILLS,
Mr. COBB, from the Committee 0V1 Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 293) to provide for the pay-
ment of the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio
volunteer militia during the time they were mus-
tered into the service of the United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 455) to punish and prevent
the Counterfeiting of coin of the United States.
TAlili'J? BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 25, lines nine and
ten, I move, in the following paragraph, to strike
out the words " and stoneware above the capacity,
of ten gallons:"
On all brown earthenware and common stoneware, gas
retorts, stoneware not ornamented, and stoneware above
the capacity of ten gallons, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
And I call for the previous question on the bill
and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments were agreed to en masse, with
the exception of the following:, on which sepaiate
votes were asked.
The first amendment upon which a separate
vote wasasl<ed was to insert after the word " ex-
cept,"on page 37, in line five of section eighteen,
the words " linseed, hides, and skins and."
Mr. DAWSON.called for tellers.
Telleis were ordeied;andMr. Dawson and Mr.
Frank were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 18, noes 75.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was requested was the following, as u new
section:
Jlnd be it further evaded, That during a period of one
ynar from tin* passage of this act, there "may be mipottrd
into the United States, tree of duty, any machinery designed
for and adapted t<> the manuUcturo of woven l.ibrie* Irom
the fiber ot flax or hemp, including all the preliminary pro-
ccss.es required therefoi ; and that .steam agncultuial ma-
chinery and implement- may be imported tree of duty for
one year from the parage of this; act.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays. -
The yf-as and nays were ordered.
Thu question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas G8, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Mcissr?*. Allison, Arnold, Ashley, Blow, lioyd,
lliook--. Junius H. Blown, Ambiose W. (JLuk, Cobb, Uolc,
ITeniy Winter Pavir*, Thorns T. Davis, Dawes, D.iw>ou,
I)ri<rc*, Kdui't ton, Kldrid-ze, Fenton, Fnick, Fiank, G.insnn,
Gooeh, (iudtn, Gunnel!, Gu-vvold, (Jhatles M. Hams Her-
uck, Higby, IloteMu>s,/Uahel VV. Unbbaid, John II. Hub-
bard, fiuibuid, (luteinn<, Jenckets, Julian, Knoson, Orlando
Kellegg, King, be IJloud, Lutiejobn, Loan, Long, Loug-
yeai, Malloiy, Maivm, Mct'lmg, McDowell, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhcad, Daniel Moms, Mori imjii, Orth.Patterson,
I'etbuni. i'rnyn. Ro?s, Seodeld, Shannon, rimithms,Tracy,
IJpson, Van Valkenbuigh, Wadsworili, William B. Wa&li-
burn.Wheeiei, Joseph W.White. Wilder,and VVnidom—68.
NAYS—Mesci-i. Amer-, Aneuiui, Bail/, John D. Baldwin,
Baxtei, Heam.m, Uli-s, Coft'ioth, Dom.-on, lSekley, Eliot,
Gailield. Harding, Harrington, Hoimnn, Ingersoil, Kelley,
Fiauen'W. Kellogg, Lazeai, Maiey, Momii, James It.
Mom*, Amo- Myei*., Luonaid Myeis, Noble, Odoll, Clnuloss
O'Neill, Pendleton, I'eny, i'nce, John II. Utee, Fiihvard.
H. Rolling, Stan, Stevens, Stiouso, Tiniyei, Waid, Elihu*
15, Wa ii!mine, Chilton A. White, Williams, Wii&un, diid
Woodbtidge—42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-cull,
Mr. SWEAT stated that upon all tariff ques-
tions he was paired with Mr. Kelley.
Mr. WILLIAMS stated that Mr. Hroomai.i,
was paired with Mr. Chanler.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Crlswell was absent on account ofsickncss, and
tiiatMr. Wiibster was paired upon tins bill with
Mr. Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. fiOLMAlM stated that Mr. En.glish was
detained from the House by sickness in his
family.
Air. BLAINE stated that Mr. PiK had been
detained from the House for three days past by
illness.
