1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1=775
is now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator whether on the motion to re-
consider he expects to discuss the question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, I do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest, then, as all
this is by the courtesy of the Senator from West
Virginia, who is to address the Senate, that we
proceed with the regular order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
of business comes up at the suggestion of any
Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest that.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the special
order is before the Senate, being the bill (S. No.
141) to repeal all acts for the rendition of fugi-
tives from service or labor, upon which the Sen-
ator from West Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, al-
though the remarks 1 am about to make may not
apply peculiarly to the bill under discussion, yet
considering it as one of a series of projected meas-
ures now pendingin one or both Houses of Con-
gress, they will not be deemed inappropriate. It
is to the probable operation and effect of these
measures in the so improperly called border
States, including that which I in part represent on
this floor, that i wish td call the attention of the
Senate and the country.
The burdens of the existing war in the shape
of contributions of men and money have been at
least proportionally borne by the States further
North, and their free gifts for the relief of sick
and wounded soldiers have been poured foi th like
water, and have doubtless exceeded ours; yet they
have escaped the devastation and ruin to which
we have been subjected. There is wailing and
affliction in almost every household of the North;
but wc also mourn the husband and the father,
the son and the brother. We have seen the ac-
cumulations of life-long industry perish in a mo-
ment; ashes and ruins conceal the spots where
the homes of many a happy family once stood;
desolation usurps the place of cultivated fields,
and the eye roams at will ovcracres of fertile soil
with nothing to arrest its observation butnoxious
weeds, and, in many cases, ungathered crops rot-
ting on the ground. Of the former loyal occu-
pants many are with the armies of the Union,
fighting the battles of their country; some sleep
sweetly in gory winding-sheets beneath the soil
they have defended, while the wives, children,
and aged parents of both are aliens in their own
land, dwelling or wandeiing among those who,
however friendly, are yet strangers, earning a sub-
sistence by unusual employments, or in some eases
maintained by the contributions of the benevolent
and patriotic.
As to my own people, let it be remembered
that the rebel armies were at their doors before
they were compelled to make their election be-
tween loyalty and disloyalty. That many loving
the Union as we do, in the face of impending
danger not only to their possessions but to their
wives and little ones, and unable to remove them,
or to maintain them when removed, should have
succumbed and given an unwilling adhesion to
the rebel cause is not surprising; but that the
large majority of ourfarmers and workingmen re-
fused such adhesion is now beyond controversy.
I am personally acquainted with many who boldly
repelled the degradation tendered them as the
price of safety, and escaping at the peril of their
lives have been constant to this day m their de-
votion to the cause of the Union. Some with
such an experience sat in the conventions and
Legislature of West Virginia. It was"the poli-
ticians, mostly those of the then dominant party,
and those whom they induced to believe that se-
cession was but a paity measure, or a threat, not
the people at large, who turned their backt&on their
country and became its malignant enemies. These
remarks are to a greater orTess extent true of all
the border States.
In the States nearest the seat of war, loyalty
to the Union has a meaning which does not at-
tach to it elscwhete. This remark is made in no
invidious spirit, nor is it intended to depreciate
in the slightest degree the sterling patriotism of
the North. It is intended simply to vindicate
that of the border States, by proving its sincerity,
as the large majority of their people have re-
mained constant under the most trying circum-
stances. If I may venture to appear to-day as
the self-constituted advocate of the people of those
States, I do not speak to vaunt their sufferings
or their services, or as their suppliant for even
deserved favors. Through you, Mr. President,
I address the Senate and the country, in the name
of a common patriotism and a common human-
ity, urging that what more particularly concerns
them may, in the deliberations of those assem-
bled here, and in the thoughts of those whom
they represent, have just consideration. I make
no charge, for I entertain no suspicion, of inten-
tional wrong on the part of any member of this
body; but it may be that in the desire to accom-
plish instantaneously some long-cherished object,
however praiseworthy, difficulties will be thrown
in the way of others, which might be avoided by
a little forbearance.
I do not, I cannot, doubt that every one who
hears me desires, at the earliest possible moment,
the complete pacification of the whole country.
I know that such pacification cannot be effected
until the tebellion is crushed and those who up-
hold it, from whatever cause, have acknowledged
and submitted to the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and the Government it creatcd. I have, un-
fortunately, seen too much of the spirit of those
who are waging war against their country, and
of those in our midst who sympathize with them,
to believe that the former will lay down their
arms untilcompelled. I cannotsee where we can,
with just self-rcspcct, concede one jot or one
tittle to those who are in arms agamst us. Hut
the day will come, in the pleasure of a righteous
Providence, wfcen this calamity will be overpast,
and when every right-minded man will desire to
take by the hand, in all cordiality and affection,
those who have repented them of the evil they
in their madness sought to do unto us, their
brethren. In saying this I assume no spirit of
prophecy. 1 speak only from a knowledge of
what has been the sequence of wars between
brethren in other countries and from my confi-
dence in the better part of human nature. Will
not all who hear me join in saying, would God
the day of complete reconciliation were at hand?
There is in the northern States, and unfortu-
nately in the bolder States also, a class of men
who occupy a most equivocal position. With
their lips they profess adherence to the Union,
while their acts give countenance and encourage-
ment to the rebellion. Admitting their profes-
sions of abhorrence of secession and of love for the
Union, do they act wisely even for themselves,
in so loudly and constantly denouncing those who
are charged with the duty of carrying on the war?
Is there not danger that they will confound the
principal and the agent, and by perseverance in
their denunciations of the Administration, the
mere instrument, include their country in their
maledictions? Let them remember that in the
exigencies of war it frequently happens that there
is not tune for due deliberation, if errors have
been committed, is it certain that they proceeded
from unwoithy motives? There may be just dif-
ference of opinion as to the policy those charged
with the admnustiation of the Government should
pursue in time ot war, as well as in time of peace,
and there may be acts of the Government at any
time which should be rebuked. But need the
rebuke be angry? A man may with propriety
rebuke his friend, but will the rebuke be heeded
if the friend is overwhelmed with calamity? Will
the friendship be appieciated which seizes such
a time for its animadversions? If these fault-
finders have ears to hear let them hear and heed
the voice that is cvciywherc addressed to them
from the true friends of the country, and is daily
growing louder. It calls upon them to manifest
their own respect for the Constitution by cor-
dially fostering and aiding the efforts making to
maintain and vindicate its authority, before they
assume to censure those who, in their sincere ef-
forts to save the countiy, have, as their censors
allege, exceeded the powers it confers upon them.
There is another class of persons found in the
bordei States whose situation is peculiar to that
region, and requires not only consideration but
forbearance. This class is composed of those
firm friends of the Union who have proved their
faith by their works,and who have suffered from
this evil rebellion and arfe suffering still, notalone
from the loss of property, which they may have
endured in common with many others, but in a
way peculiar to themselves. There are fathers
of this class whose sons in defiance of their au-
thority, have left their hearth-stones and hare
joined and are serving in the rebel armies. Broth-
ers have encountered brothers on the battle-field,
and there are very few born in the border States
who have not near connections or endeared friends
adhering to'the pseudo-confederacy. Say that
they should renounce all affection and friendship
for these traitors, it may yet be pertinently asked
whether the heart-strings can beludely disrupted
without suffering amounting in some cases to tor-
ture. If we estimate our own patriotism by what
we have suffered or sacrificed for the good of the
common cause, shall not these men who have also
suffered and sacrificed as we have not been called
upon to do be entitled to the consideration and
forbearance I have invoked in their behalf?
Let it he remembered that of the class of citi-
zens of whom I have last spoken many were
slaveholders at the time they were called upon to
take part on one side orthe otherof this unhappy
controversy,and that all of them have spenttheir
lifetimes in slaveholdmg communities. They,*!
speak particularly of the border States, had not
witnessed the cruelties to slaves which are recited
with so much unction at gatherings in the north-
ern States, save as very exceptional cases prompt-
ly punished by the law and universally con-
demned by public opinion. The slaves they saw
were domestic and farm servants, treated with
much kindness and consideration; and lookingat
the slavery around them only in its practical as-
pects and considering the limited capacities of
those subject to it, they may have come to regard
it as a benignant institution. It was nevertheless
this class of men, slaveholders and the sons of
slaveholders, who, in 1832, looking at the moral
and political aspects of the case, as my colleague
showed the other day by numerous citations,
made a nearly successful effort to inaugurate
gradual emancipation in Virginia, while the tend-
ency in all the border States at that time was in
the same direction.
Thus far i have assumed to speak for the bor-
der States generally, and trust I have notassumed
too much. For my own State I am entitled to
speak, not only as a-witness of much that I have
related, but by my position on this floor, if
indeed West Virginia is a State of this Union.
That having been denied, I shall before going fur-
ther make this the opportunity 1 have desired ever
since 1 first occupied this seat, to prove that West
Virginia is formally, legally, and constitutionally,
one of the United States on an equal footing with
the original Stales.
It was denied by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] who I regret to see is not present,
and those who voted with him, when he opposed
the admission to seats on this floor of my col-
league and myself, on the ground that there was
no such Stateas West Virginia. I do not remem-
ber what the Senator said besides on that occa-
sion, nor have 1 sought for the record. One im-
pression, derived from his remarks at the time,
is indelibly fixed on my mind, namely, that the
Senator had not given to our case that exhaust-
ive examination and consideration which he usu-
ally devotes to the subjects of the speeches with
which he occasionally refreshes the Senate. I,
however, considered it a very unkind cut; not
that I deemed it personal to myself, or that it
derived any aggravation from the fact that it ema-
nated from the distinguished Senator. The un-
kindness consisted in this: it came from Ken-
tucky, a State which had less right than any other
to be over particular upon the subject. Kentucky
was also erected within the jurisdiction of Vir-
ginia; but before she obtained the consent of that
State she had, in defiance of her authority, as-
sembled a Legislature and organized^! army
with the view of fighting her way into the Union.
It is a little queer that the elder sister, who had her-
self snubbed theold iady,and,resistingthemater-
nal blandishments, had insisted upon setting up
housekeeping for herself, should be tart upon the
younger tor following at a modest distance in her
footsteps. We console ourselves with the reflec-
tion that caprice is a characteristic of the sex.
The Legislature ofNew Jersey, I am informed,
