1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBfi.
mcnt from the President, who remains in office
during the will of the President, because there is
no other way of getting him out than by legisla-
tion.
Now, as to the other reason assigned by the
Senator. In all the States as far as I know, the
general practice is that the officer who represents
the courts and is called upon to execute the judg-
ments of the courts from time to time, the sheriff,
]or the marshal, or whatever may be the name by
.-which the officer is designated, shall have charge
of the prisoners. The sheriff is bound to execute
all judgments and all executions whether against
the person of the debtor or against his property.
Where he goos as against the person of the debtor
—you haveabolishcd imprisonmentfordebt here,
and therefore it does not make so much difference
in point of fact, but the principle is the same—he
gets possession of the debtor, and what is to be-
come of him? Is he to hand him over to the
warden? Does the sheriff or the marshal get rid
of the responsibility by handing him over to the
warden? His responsibility after the judgment
rests on the fact that he executes the process, he is
to have the prisoner in court at the proper time.
If he has him not there his bond is forfeited.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire how
it is in the States. The Federal Government has
no jails in the States; and what do the marshals
do but turn over their prisoners to the county
jailers?
Mr. JOHNSON. The answer to that is that
practice exists because the United States have no
jails in the States. If the United States had jails
there, they would put them us a matter of course
under the charge of their marshals.
Mr. GRIMES. That does not follow at all.
Mr. JOIINSON. It would follow if the sys-
tem was uniform, and the same system will bo
found everywhere else. You use the jails of the
States because you have no other place to put
your prisoners in, and your marshals are dis-
charged from responsibility in a case of that de-
scription under the law if they do all they can do
and deliver the prisoners up to the persons hav-
ing charge of the jails. The State is responsible
by its officer for any damage that may result.
Why is it that these expenses, which you say
iuppDormotis, (and I am not prepared to say that
they are not) are beingincurred ? Who is to blame
for that? Congress. Why have you not got a
penitentiary of your own? You have never had
one since you determined to take for the use of
the Army the penitentiary that was here before
and badly located. Since then you have been
obliged to use the State penitentiaries; and I
should like to know—it has always been a puzzle
to me; I do not know how it is that everything
seems to swing northward, if I may use the ex-
pression—why is it that the prisoners here are
sent to Albany? We have got a penitentiary in
Maryland, and we cannot fill it with our own
people. We sometimes have succeeded in filling
it with people who aie caught there temporarily
and commit crime; but our penitentiary is quite
large enough to take all the prisoners thatare sent
from here; and for the soul of me I cannot im-
agine why it is that these prisoners are sent at
an expense of forty-five dollars apiece all the way
to Albany. It is not the fault of the marshal; he
does not send them there; they are sent by the
court, or the Piesident, or whoever does order
it, under the authority of a special act of Con-
gress.
Mr. GRIMES. They were sent originally
without any authority of law whatever; the War j
Department took possession of the penitentiary |
without any authority of law, and then we came I
in and passed a law confii rning and ratifying what !
they had done. [
Mr. JOHNSON. That law was to give to the j
Secretary of the Interior, as ! understand from '
my friend from Maine, the authority to designate i
the place where the peisons convicted here of pen- \
itentiary offenses should be confined, and he se- j
lected Albany. You had better legislate him out, ,
too. If these expenses are enormous and mine- ;
cessary, why not legislate him out because he is (
the causa causans, and the marshal is only carry- i
ing out his orders 7 !
But I submit, and it is all I have to say on the ;
subject, that the principle of this legislation i^
decidedly wrong. The President is bound to see j
to the faithful execution of the duties of officers j
whom he appoints, and who, when appointed,
hold their commissions at his pleasure, if he does
not think proper to discharge them when in your
opinion they should be dischaiged, hold him re-
sponsible, bring public opinion to bear upon him,
and if he goes contrary to all opinion, public and
congressional, then there is anotherremedy. No-
body can suppose that the present President of
the United States would place himself in the po-
sition even of having public opinion operate upon
him justly to make him do what he was unwill-
ing to do otherwise; still less would he go to an
extent that would call upon Congress to interfere.
1 cannot help thinking, I must think so because
of the very sincere respect in which I hold the
President, that if he was acquainted with facts
which would satisfy such a committee as we have
now in recommending that this gentleman should
be removed, he would be removed or certainly
would be told that he would be removed if he per-
severed in proceeding contrary to law or contrary
to propriety.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, if the appre-
hensions of the honorable Senator from Mary-
land are well grounded, it would turn out that the
committee had acted with great indiscretion; but
it did not occur to the committee that this was
by any possibility a reflection upon the President
of the United States. If I had resolved myself
into a committee of .safety for the President or
his friends, I do notbelieve it would have occurred
to me that by any possibility whatever this legis-
lation could affect the President of the United
States.
Why, sir, what do we propose? To relieve
the marshal of a portion of his duties. Nobody
had said, I think, until the Senator from Mary-
land started the question, that there was a reflec-
tion upon the marshal. I had not proposed to
offer any testimony implicatingthe marshal at all.
Now that the question is open, and that it be-
comes nccessary for me to state the fact, I will
state it a little more emphatically than I did when
I was up before, and 1 think I can satisfy the
Senate, if they give me their cars, that here is a
wrong against the public which ought to be cor-
rected, and that no suggestion of delicacy toward
the President or anybody else should interfere
with an honest and fearless discharge of the duty
of the Senate upon this question.
Here we find a jail in this city under the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the General Government, the
GcneialGovei nment responsible, paying the bills,
and we find the marshal, whose duties are prin-
cipally of a political character, as we are informed
by the honorable Senator from Maryland, en-
joying a peiquisite m this jail, but performing no
duties of a practical chaiactcr, and having little
or no responsibility for the jail. We find, as was
stated by the Senator from Iowa this morning on
another hill, that there are some three thousand
persons going in and out of the jail annually, upon
which the maishal gets a fee of half a dollar each
time they go in and each time they go out. That
is one perquisite. We find that these persons are
all supported at the public charge; their expenses
are paid out of the public Treasury. They cost
to him, the Government paying all his help, about
nine cents a day each for support; he receives a
commutation of thirty-six cents. It is said that
he pockets from twelve to fifteen thousand dol-
lars a year; I have not computed it,and therefore
do not say so myself; but you will see from the
margin stated a very pretty little perquisite in
that way.
By an order of the War Department, as I have
already stated, the prisoners in the penitentiary
were transferred to this jail. The first prisoners
that were sent from the District to Albany, were
sent under the order of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and were conveyed there by the warden of
the penitentiary. There were forty-two of them,
and it cost the Government in money paid out for
conveying the whole forty-two, just §110 83. The
warden as a prudent man, availed himself of the
opportunity of a Government transport bound
from this city to New York, put those men on
board and provisioned them, and from New York
took them to Albany. The principal expense,
you will perceive, was provisioning the men on
board the transport and taking them to Albany;
but as the transport was bound to New Yoik at
Government expense, that was no additional item,
and the whole bill, as I have said, was §110 83.
After the prisoners were turned over to the mar-
shal to be taken to Alb&ny, the first batcfUhat'he
took was forty-five in number, and the expense
charged to the Government was $2,650.. The
amount paid by the Government "for transporting
those forty-jSve prisoners was $2,250. It .was
brought op in this way: an actof Congress regu-
lating the fees of marshals generally throughout
the country, the fee bill, contains a provision that
every marshal, for the conveyance of prisoners,
meaning the conveyance of prisoners from the
courts to the prisons within his district, slialF be
entitled to the sum of ten cents a mile for himself
and the prisoners and the guards. He makes this
general statute, applicable to that general class of
cases, apply to this specific case, and in that way
he is enabled to run up this fee. I believe he took
some fourteen orfifteen men with him as guards,
charged for them ten cents a mile both ways, and
charged for the prisoners ten cents a mile.
It seemed to us that that was-a subject which
the committee of the Senate ought to consider and
provide some remedy for. ft is not known how
long these prisoners are to be carried from this
city to Albany. As I stated before, I believe the
whole amount received by the marshal for tak-
ing one hundred and thirty-five prisoners was
$6,814 20. Nobody will doubt that, with the fa-
cilities of the Government for conveyance between
this city and the city of New York, and thence
to Albany, this sum is not only exorbitant, but it
would seem to be outrageous in times like the
present.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether the abuses of which he complains would
warrant the alteration of the law contemplated,
the settled law of the country, everywhere for
hundreds of years, that the executive officer of
the court shall have the control of the prisoners;
whether it would not require, if you make the al-
teration contemplated here, an alteration in the
forms of writs, and an alteration in a great many
particulars which have not been foreseen,perhaps,
by the framers of the bill?
Mr. MORRILL. It does not touch the general
law at all. It does not propose to alter the gen-
eral law in a single particular. They are all in
the hands of the executive department of the
Government. The warden is an executive officer
as much as the marshal; and the custody of these
prisoners belonged to the warden, and the mar-
shal had no concern with them at all. It was a
piece of impertinent interference on the part of
the marshal to take custody of these prisoners at
all. They had been committed to the warden of
the penitentiary; they were in his custody, and if
they were to be transpoi ted out of this District he
was the man to transport them. It was only by
force of a special order, to which I have referred,
that they were taken out of the custody of the
law officer, the man to whom they were confided,
and handed over to the marshal, 1 do not say to
enable him to charge the fee, but I say that he
availed himself of the opportunity to charge this
fee, and I have shown that the proper law officer
was the warden.
Mr. COWAN. Those were prisoners who
were there temporarily T understand. The ques-
tion I put is this: by a writ issued from the court
the marshal is directed to arrest a prisoner and
keep him in custody and have him in court on a
certain day. How is he to keep him if the jail is
taken away from him and a third person inter-
posed? That is the objection I have to the pas-
sage of this bill, because it will beget a very great
many alterations in the ordinary administration
ofcourts of justice. For instance, I suppose every
time the court directs the marshal to bring in a
piisoner they will have to issue a special writ to
the warden to deliver up the prisoner, and when
a prisoner is to be committed to this warden there
must be a special authority on the part of some-
body to authorize the marshal to do that. 11 dis-
turbs the whole frame and texture of the laws
as they have been administered for hundreds of
years, and are administered 1 believe without a
single exception all over the country. Nobody
ever dreamed before of making the sheriff and the
jailer d ifferent officers. The shei iff himself being
charged with the custody of the prisoners may
keep them wheie he will. There is a jail usually
provided for him to keep them in, and over that jail
he, as a matter of course, from the very necessity
of the thing, ought to have control, and supreme
