1776
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
April 21.
some time since passed a resolution adverse to
the admission of West Virginia into the Union
as a separate Slate. I have not seen it, and con-
sequently do not know what "whereas" is the
ground of her objection, and can only conjecture
jt. Considering the time at which the resolution
was passed, and that the majority who passed it
were of the " peace at any price" persuasion, it
may be they were anxious to make themselves
friends at Richmond, in case General Lee should
penetrate to Trenton. Or, as the only question
connectcd with the admission of West Virginia
is, whether the Legislature of the reorganized
government of Virginia is a true Legislature,
the peace men at Trenton may have imagined
there could be but one Legislature in a State; and
as they were disposed to recognize that at Rich-
mond, the inference was easy that the other was
spurious. Possibly they claimed and exercised
a right of choice as arbitrary as that accorded to
the very young lady who visited the menagerie.
Asking which was the elephant and which the
hyena, the polite keeper replied, " Vitchever yon
pleases, my little dear; you pays your money and
you takes yoatr chice." But, on the whole, it
is most probable they were governed by a pre-
cedent in the history of their own State. There
were two Legislatures sitting in New Jersey for
some time after the Declaration of Independence,
one loyal to the king and the other to the coun-
try; and the peace men, like their Tory prede-
cessors, repudiated that which represented the
■country and favored that which sought its over-
throw. This may be only another instance of
feminine caprice.
But the unkmdest cut of all has been given
recently. -There is a newspaper published at
Boston called the Commonwealth, which being
somewhat fast itself, agrees with the national ex-
ecutive committee—that vox et pr&terea nihil,
saving always the Senator from Kansas—that our
worthy President is too slow. It is transcendental,
and, like several of its fellows,entirely above the
weakness of believing that the founder of Chris-
tianity wna anything better than a young man of
very correct morals, endowed with the same
kind and possibly no greater degree of inspira-
tion than one of its own iiteiary contributors
of a school as difficult to interpret as any of the
prophets. It is besides radical, which word 1
use " pure and simple," because until a degree of
companson above the superlative is invented, it
cannot be properly chaiactenzed. It will not do
to call it tran see nd en tally radical, as that might im-
ply that it is all root, and furnishes neither food
tor the hungry nor shade for the weary. This
same newspaper, beingumnforined, I am bound to
presume, that the reoigamzed Legislature of Vir-
ginia, on the recommendation of the reorganized
Executive, hall called a convention to abolish sla-
very thioughout that State, denounced that Le-
gislature as a4' bogus5'Legislature, and Governor
rierpont asa ik bogus"Govemor, thus abandon-
ing its usual test of the fitness of things, and at-
tempting to overtlnow the very foundation on
which rests the sovereignty and autonomy of
West Vi rgmia, which had also abolished slavery.
I presume that when the worthy Governor first
read this ungrateful denunciation by the Com-
monwealth, he thought it very hard of that paper,
but subsequent iejection must have convinced
him that u was very soft of it. There seems to
be something of the old feminine in this case.
But, Mr. President, {he Senator from Kentucky,
whether encouiaged by the vaticinations of the
Boston newspapei or not i cannot say, has, within
a few days, returned to the chenge. In his speech
on the joint resolution proposing to amend the
Constitution, as revised for the Globe, 1 find this
language:
^ 'I h.-y [the IV'Mili'iit and Cou^talT ct to ndhei r to
t!ie toiiih et the Coii-utiiuon, while they uueily diMeaaid
not onlj 1"-j1!111. i)iii .iKo ie-> provisions., ami all
the lib' ' I\ .i11<i fH.JiiHH.jn \\ hicli 11 iibt-uiCb to th<j citizen.
They lutv. d"V!-(.(i the bnldon and mo-t irvoiuuonaiv
i the tan-e ot law anil exeeuth<: admniMia-
lion a- thi: in.k li111( iv ot ihi 11 oprratioiw Ttie fn>t in
tune Wii- riii' ciivtioii oi VVevj v omnia neo new btaic,
and iit'i into tl.< bnion in palpable violation ut"
the Cu!i-iiruri'''i, -O .u'niMK'd and a\o\v< «i by man) ot their
leader; l)"tii pi ;uui out ol Connie--;, and attempted to be
justified l-v them on tin jrmund that the connliy was in a
Mate o! leljullion and ievoluiion. and the ConMuuuon ot
no obligation \s Out' vi i, Tin l'i -id<nt took the othei.ij
opinion ot Ut<- A!?')i iie,> G.'ii' Ml. wlueli \va> that the meas
lire wa^ Without eon- uiuuonal auiiioi it), and yH he ap-
proved it."
So far the Senator from Kentucky; and I may
say here that it was my intention to reply to those
remarks during that debate, but the anxiety of
Senators to pass the joint resolution for the amend-
ment of the Constitution induced me to defer it,
and I therefore ask the indulgence of the Senate
in noticing it here.
What may have been " admitted and avowed"
or " attempted to be justified " by the leading or
other friends of the Administration,11 both in and
out of Congress," of course I cannot say. That
"the President took the official opinion of the
Attorney General,"as such, I think is not true.
The President in the exercise of a constitutional
prerogative called for the opinions in writing of
his Cabinet, and they were given. The Attor-
ney General is a member of the Cabinet, but his
opinion in that capacity would not probably be
confined to the question of constitutionality, but
would embrace considerations of expediency as
well. I do not think it would be becoming to
say here, from indirect information, how the
Cabinet was divided on the question of the ad-
mission of West Virginia, or what were the views
of individual members. 1 may say, however,
with entire respect for the member named, that
when the project of erecting West Yuginia. was
first broached in the Wheeling convention he
wrote a letter, which has been published, in re-
ply to one from a memberof that body, in which
he as certainly misconceived what was proposed
as the Senator from Kentucky now misconceives
what has been done. In the course of the re-
marks I propose to make I expect to show con-
clusively that the President and Congress were
justified in admitting West Virginia, as well on
constitutional grounds as on considerations of
expediency, and that the events which made it
possible at that time were not revolutionary, but
emphatically ami-revolutionary.
In noticing some innoccuous flings at West Vir-
ginia, I said, and now seriously repeat, that the
only question to be determined in older to estab-
lish the constitutionality of the formation and
erection of that State within the jurisdiction of
Viignua, and her admission as one of the United
States on an equal footing with the original States,
is whether the Legislature which gave its consent
to such formation and erection was the true Le-
gislature of Vugima.
The Constitution of the United States (article
four, section three) reads as follows:
" New States maj lie admitted by the Coiijjiu&s into this
Union ; but no new State shall be tunned oi elected wilhm
the jiui-dn tion of any other Stale, nor any 8late be lbiined
by the jnnc tion ot twooi more Stall-*, oi p-ut-of State-^
wilhoul I he consent ot the Leyi^laiui o ut' the States con-
cerned, a.s well as ni the Congiesi."
That thus section permits a new State to be
formed or erected within the jurisdiction of an-
other State is evident fiotn the remaik of Mi.
Madison in the forty-thud number of the Feder-
alist, where, commenting on the woids just quoted,
he says that " the particular precaution against
the erection of new States, by tiie partition of a
State without its consent, quiets the jealousy of
the larger States,as that of the smaller is quieted
by a like precaution against a junction of States
without their consent." This interpretation is
confirmed by the fact that the ttiates of Vermont,
Kentucky, and Maine,each previously within the
jurisdiction of another {State, have, at different
periods, been admitted into the Union.
It thus appears that the only constitutional pro-
visions in reference to the formation or erection
of a new Statu withm the jurisdiction of another
State ate, that the Legislature of the latter shall
consent to such formation or erection, and that the
proposed State shall be admitted into the Union
by Congress. West Virginia was admitted into
the Union, on certain conditions, by an act of
Congress approved December 31, 1862, which
conditions were complied wi'h, as appears by the
pi oclamation of the Piers id en t of the United States,
dated on the 19th day of Apul, lbt)3. The ques-
tion remains, whether the Legislature of Vugima
gave the requisite consent.
It is unquestionable that a legislative body sit-
ting at Wheeling ^a\e such consent, and that it
had been recognized as the tine Legislature of
Virginia by the iixt eutive of the United States,
and is so recogniZ"d m the preamh'eot the act of
admission above lefenvd to. Ftom the decision
of the Supieme Couit ot the United Suites in the
Uhode island case, (Luthei vs. Borden, 7 Howard,
page 42,) it appears that such recognition is suffi-
cient to determine whether a body^claiming to be
the Legislature of a State is a true and constitu-
tional Legislature. The Chief Justice, in deliver-
ing his opinion in that case, indicates that the
question is in its nature political and not judicial;
and after citing the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, which provides that
the United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican form of government and
protect each of them from invasion and against
domestic violence9 remarks as follows:
"Under this clause of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the established one
in a State. Foi, as the United States guaranty to each
State a republican form of government. Congress must ne-
cessarily decide whatgovemmentis established in the State
belore it can determine whether it is republican or not.
And when the Senators and Representatives of a State are
admitted into the councils of the Union, the authority of
the government under which they are appointed, as well as
ius republican character, is recognized by the proper con-
stitutional authoiity, and its decision is binding on every
other department of the Government, and could not be
questioned in a judicial tribunal."
My present argument is intended to prove that
the Legislature constituting part of the reorgan-
ized government of Virginia was and is a true
Legislature. It was recognized as such by Con-
gress when Senators elected by it and Represent-
atives chosen by the people under its authority
were admitted to seats in the two Houses of that
body. It received a further recognition when the
Senators and Representatives of West Virginia
were also admitted. The recognition by Con-
gress, therefore, of the reorganized government
of Virginia, including, of course,its Legislature,
is full, ample, and unequivocal.
And here I might with propriety rest the case;
but charges and insinuations have been and are
constantly made by many who, I am in charity
bound to suppose, do so in ignorance of the cir-
cumstances of the case, and not from invidious
motives. Congress needs no vindication at my
hands of this exercise of its high prerogative; but
for the sake of my own patriotic people I desire
to show that the recognition was not a party meas-
ure, and was not made to secure support for the
Administration. The power to recognize the re-
organized government of Virginia, being reposed
by the Constitution in the Government of the
United States, its exercise was required not merely
as an act of justice to the loyal citizens of Vnginia,
but by the highest considerations of national
policy. But, sir, I do wish to vindicate those
who were the actors in the reorganization of the
government of Virginia, to show that they were
ready at, nil times to give a reason for the faith
that was in them, that eveiy step they took was
(ml / taken afterdue deliberation ana investigation,
and that all their proceedings in the very difficult
circumstances in which they found themselves
placed were formal, legal, and constitutional, and
were characterized by moderation and a ptoper
sense of justice toward all who were to be affected
by them.
Although this vindication is directly connected
with the staple of the argument 1 pioposed to
make on certain measures now pending in both
Houses, I ask the indulgence of the Senate while I
narrate as briefly as possible the fat ts and eitcum-
stances which both produced and justified the
reorganization. As that solemn act was intended
to, and did in fact, include the whole Slate ofVir-
ginia, I leave out of consideration, for the piesent
at least, all gi ievances not directly connected with
the so-called secession of the State.
in Decembet, 1860, after some of the planting
States had passed their secession oidinances, the
then Governor of Vugmia issued his proclama-
tion convening the L'gislature m extra session
eat ly m January, 1861. On the 14th of that month
the Legislature passed an act pro\idmg for the
election on the 4th day of Febiuary following of
delegates to a convention to assemble at Rich-
mond on the 13th day of the same month, "to
adopt such measures as they may deem expedient
for the Welfare of the Commonwealth." The Le-
gislature also pasr-.ed, on the 19th of Jannaty, an
act authoi izmg the several counties and incorpo-
rated cities and towns to aim then militia; on
the 25th an act locreate an ordnance depurfment;
and on the 29th an act appropriating £,1,000,000
foi the defense oftheCommonweakh. They also
passed joint resolutions, on the 8th of January,
against the coercion of a State; on the 19th, in-
