MS
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
38th • Cohg. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the, United States.
license shall be revoked ami his bond put in suit.
And it shall moreover be the duty for any person
in the service of the United States, or for any
Indian, to take and destroy any ardent spirits or
wine found in th£ Indian country, except such as
may be introduced therein by the War Depart-
ment. And in all cases arising under this act
Indians shall be competent witnesses."
Approved, March 15, 1864.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act making: A ppropriatipns
for the Service of the Post OiHce Department
during the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House j>f Repre-
sentatives of the United States of AmeAcain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-fiw,
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising from
the revenues of the said Department, in conform-
ity to the act of the second of July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six;
For transportation of the mails, (inland,) seven
million eight hundred and forty-nine thousand
dollars.
For foreign mail transportation, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, three million
-one hundred thousand dollars.
For clerks for post offices, one million one hun-
dred and sixty-eight thousand dollars.
For payments to letter-carriers, six hundred
and forty thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, eighty-eight thousand dol-
lars.
For twine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For office stamps, five thousand dollars.
For letter balances, two thousand five hundred
dollars. *
For compensation to blank agents and assist-
ants, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For office furniture, two thousand dollars.
For advertising, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes,
ninety thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sixty
thousand dollars.
For mail-bags, sixty thousand dollars.
For mail locks and keys, ten thousand dollars.
Fur payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, two hundred thousand dollars.
Formiseellaneous payments,two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. And'be it farther- enacted, That if the
revenues of the Post Office Depnrtment shall be
insufficient to meet the appropriations of this act,
then the sum of one million five hundred thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to bo
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to supply deficiencies in the
revenue of the Post Office Department for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, March 1G, 1864.^ *
Chap. XXXV.—An Act in addition to an Act
to amend the Laws relating to the Post Office
Department, approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the franking privilege of the Pres-
ident and the Vice Presfdent of the United States
shall extend to and cover all mail matter sent from,
or directed to, either of them.
Approved, March 1G, 1864.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act to enable the People
of Nevada to form a Constitution and State
Government, and for the Admission of su^h
State into the Union on an equal Footing with
the original States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the inhabitants of that portion of
the Territory of Nevada included in the bounda-
ries hereinafter designated be, and they are here-
by, authorized to form for themselves, out of said
Territory, a State government, with the name
aforesaid, which said State, when formed, shall
be admitted into the Union upon an equal footing
with the original States, in all respects whatso-
ever.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
State of Nevada shall consist of all the territory
included within the following boundaries, to wits
Commencing at a point formed by the intersection
of the thirty-eighth degree of longitude west from
Washington with the thirty-seventh degree of
north latitude; thence due west along said thirty-
seventh degree of north latitude to the eastern
boundary line of the State of California; thence
in a northwesterly direction along the said east-
ern boundary line of the State of California to the
forty-third degree of longitude west from Wash-
ington; thence north along said forty-third degree
of west longitude and said eastern boundary line
of the State of California to the forty-second de-
gree of north latitude; thence due east along the
said forty-second degree of north latitude to a
point formed by itstkuersectipn with the afore-
said thirty-eighth degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence due south down said thirty-
eighth degree of west longitude to the place of
beginning.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons qualified by law to \ote for representatives
to the General Assembly of said Territory, at the
date of the passage of this act shall be qualified
t<r be elected, and they are authorized to vote for
and choose representatives to form a convention,
under such rules and regulations as the Governor
of said Territory may prescribe; and also to vote
upon the acceptance or rejection of such constitu-
tion as may be formed by said convention, under
such rules and regulations as the said convention
may prescribe; and if any of said citizens are en-
listed in the Army of the United States, and are
still within said Territory, they shall be permitted
to vote at their place of rendezvous; and [if] any
are absent from said Territory, by reason of their
enlistment in the Army of the United States, they
shall be permitted to vote at their place of service,
under the rules and regulations in each case to be
prescribed as aforesaid; and the aforesaid repre-
sentatives to form the aforesaid convention shall
be apportioned among the several counties in said
Territory in proportion to the population as near
as may be; and said apportionment shall be made
for said Territory by the Governor, United States
district attorney,and chief justice thereof, or any
two of them; and the Governor of said Territory
shaJJ, by proclamation on or before the first Mon-
day of May next, order an election of the repre-
sentatives as aforesaid to be held on the lirst
Monday in June thereafter throughout the Ter-
ritory, and such election shall be conducted in the
same manner as is prescribed by the laws of said
Territory regulating elections therein for membeia
of the House of Representatives, and the number
of members to said convention shall be the same
as now constitute both branchea of the Legisla-
ture of the aforesaid Territory.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
members of the convention, tUus elected, shall
meet at the capital of said Territory on the first
Monday in July next, and, after organization,
shall declare, on behalf of the people of said Ter-
ritory, that they adopt the Constitution of the
United Suites. Whereupon the said convention
shall be, and it is hereby, authorized to form a
constitution and Siate government for said Ter-
ritory: Provided, That the constitution, when
formed, shall be republican, and not repugnant
| to the Constitution of the United States, and the
' principles of the Declaration of Independence:
1 And provided further, That said convention shall
I provide, by an ordinance irrevocable, without the
| consent of the United States and the people of
| said State:
j First. That there shd.ll be neither slavery nor
j involuntary servitude in the said State, otherwise
I than in the punishment of crimes, whereof the
j party shall have been duly convicted.
! Second. That pcrfect toleration of religious
, sentiment shall be secured, and no inhabitant of
said State shall ever be molested in person or
property on account of his or her mode of reli-
gious worship.
Third. That the people inhabiting said Terri-
tory do agree and declare that they forever dis-
claim ail right and title to the unappropriated
publiclands lying within said Territory, and that
the same shall be and remain at the sole ant! en-
tire disposition of the United States; and that the
.lands belonging to citizens of the United States
residing withoutthe said State shall never be taxed
higher than the land belonging to the residents
thereof; and that no taxes shall be imposed by
said State on lands or property therein belonging
to, or which may hereafter be purchased by, the
United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in case
a constitution and State government shall be
formed for the people of said Territory of Ne-
vada, in compliance with the provisions of this
act, that said convention forming the same shall
provide by ordinance for submitting said consti-
tution to the people of said State for their ratifi-
cation or rejection at an.election to be held on the
second Tuesday of October, one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-four, at such places and under
such regulations as may be prescribed therein, at
which election the lawful voters of said new State
shall vote directly for or against the proposed
constitution, and the returns of said election shall
be made to the acting Governor of the Territory,
who, with the United States district attorney and
chief justice of said Territory, or any two of
them, shall canvass the same, and if a majority
of legal votes shall be cast for said constitution
in said proposed State, the said acting Governor
shall certify the same to the President of the
United States, together with a copy of said con-
stitution and ordinances; whereupon it shall be
the duty of the President of the United States to
issue his proclamation declaring the State admit-
ted into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States, without any further action what-
ever on the part of Congress.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That until the
next general census shall be taken said State of
Nevada shall be entitled to one Representative in
the House of Representatives of the United States,
which Representative, together withthe Governor
and State and other officers provided for in said
constitution, may be elected on the same day a
vote is taken for or against the proposed consti-
tution and State government.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, Thatscctions
numbers sixteen and thirty-six, in every town-
ship, and where such sections have been sold or
otherwise disposed of by any act of Congress,
other lands equivalent thereto in legal subdivis-
ions of not less than one quarter section, and as
contiguous as may be, shall be, and are hereby,
granted to said State for the support of common
schools.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, Thatprovided
the State of Nevada shall jje admitted into the
Union, in accordance with the foregoing provis-
ions of this act, that twenty entire sections of the
unappropriated public lands within said State, to
be selected and located by direction of the Legis-
lature thereof, on or before the first day of Jan-
uary, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, shall be, and they are hereby, granted, in
legal subdivisions of not less than one hundred
and sixty acres, to said State, for the purpose of
erecting public buildings at the capital of said
State, for legislative and judicial purposes, in such
manner as the Legislature shall prescribe.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That twenty
other entire sections of land, as aforesaid, to be
selected and located as aforesaid, in legal snbdi-^
visions, as aforesaid, shall be, and they are here*
by, granted to said State for the purpose of erect-
ing a suitable building for a penitentiary or State
prison m the manner aforesaid.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That five
per centum of the proceeds of the sales of all pub-
lic lands lying within said State, which sbdil be
sold by the United States subsequent to the ad-
mission of said State into the Union, after deduct-
ing all the expenses incident to the same, shall be
paid to the said State for the purpose of making
and improving public roads, constructing ditches
