¥80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February '18,
control. Under this bill,as I understand, it will
be very difficult oftentime to know whom to sue
for an escape. Suppose a prisoner escapes in
transitu, when he is half in the hands of the mar-
shal and half in the hands of the warden, who is
to be sued? The marshal says it is the warden,
and the warden says the marshal. How is a man
tojenow? The preliminary question must first
be settled. He has either to bring two actions,
or run the risk of failing in the first one he brings.
I think we cannot afford to alter this law for
the purpose of attaining the end which*seems to
be contemplated by the committee; and that is to
strike the marshal a blow for some abuses of which
lie has been'guilty. If the marshal has abused
any of the privileges of this office, the way is
not to cure it by tearing up the law which created
his office and imposed upon it duties which were
perfectly proper, and which have always been
recognized to be proper. I hope, therefore, that
the Senate will pause before it will attain the pur-
pose in this left-handed way, because I think there
js a far better remedy.
Mr. MORRILL. One word in reply. If the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania wants to
know who is responsible for these parties, he can-
not have given much attention to this bill. In the
second section of the bill it is provided that the
warden shall have " all the power and all the du-
ties heretofore legally exercised and discharged
over said jail," that is all, "and the prisoners
therein by the marshal." We impose the same re-
sponsibility on the warden that rested on the mar-
shal for the prisoner while he is in his custody,
while he is in jail. That is all.
The Senator from Pennsylvania cannot be very
conversant I think with the state of affairs in the
country if he supposes that we are to disturb the
course of proceedings that generally obtains in
the country. Can the honorable Senator point
me to a single instance in any State where the
marshal keeps the jail? Are not all the United
States prisoners confided to jail, and when they
are in jail are they not under the care of the jailer?
I know of no instance in any of the States where
the marshal's functions do not cense the moment
that lie delivers the prisoner over to the jailer.
Mr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask if he knows of any instance in
any of the States where the jailer is not the more
servant of the sheriff or marshal; if the marshal
has a jail, where he is notappointed by him; and
if the sheriff, where he and his bondsmen are not
responsible for the safe-keeping of the prisoners
whom the sheriff intrusts to the jailer?
Mr. MORRILL, My recollection is altogether
different on that subject. By general comity of
the State Legislatures the United States ate per-
mitted to use the jails of the States, and when the
prisoners arc committed to the custody of the
jailer the authority of the marshal ceases entirely
over the prisoner. All the analogies in all the
States are entirely at variance with the argument
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania.
How is it in the ease of the sheriffs in the several
States? The shot ill" arrests and the sheriff brings
the prisoner into court; he has the custody of him;
the prisoner is tried; lie is convicted; he is sen-
tenced; the sheriff has a mittimus to commit him
to prison. The moment he is inside the prison
the authority of the sheriff is gone forever; and
he is in the hands of whom ? In the hands of the
warden precisely under circumstances similar to
those provided for in this hill; so that there is no
upturning of any practice; there is no repealing
of the general statutes of the United States or of
the States. I submit, therefore, if the Senate are
{•satisfied that the interests of the Government re-
quire some regulation of this jail, there is no leason
of a character such as was stated by the honora-
ble Senatorfrom Maryland why theSenateshould
he deterred for a single moment from passwg the
bill. i
Mr.GRIMES. NeithertheSenatorfrom Penn-
sylvania nor any other person can pointtoaState
in the Union where the marshal, as m this Dis-
trict of Columbia, has charge of the persons in
jail. In every Stale of the Union, persons who
are incarcerated in jail for offenses against the
laws of the United States are transferred from the
Federal to the State authorities,and the marshal's
jurisdiction and control of them ceases from the
time they are deposited within the precincts of
that jail which is owned by the State authorities,
and is resumed when they cross the threshold of}
it and go out on their way to court or on their way
to the penitential y.
In addition to the reasons stated by the Senator
from Maine as having actuated the e.ommittee in
reporting this billa 1 may state that there has been
such an accumulation of business thrown on the
marshal of this District that it is utterly impos-
sible for him to perform this duty. Everybody
who is familiar with htm knows that his business
has called him for several weeks past to the city
of New York, and he has been able to exercise
no supervision over this jail, as he ought to do.
He ought to look after the sanitary condition of
the jail. He ought to make, if not daily, atlenst
weekly visitations to the jail to see what is the
condition of the large number of men, women,
and children who are incarcerated there.
In addition to the ordinary duties that apper-
tain to the marshal's office in time of peace, there
has been a vast amount of business growing up
in prize cases that has been thrust upon hini. All
this business he has been compelled to perform by
proxy. There has been such an accumulation of
it that the District Committee thought it was neces-
sary to divide the duties of the office. Is there any-
thing unusual in that? Are not Senators and mem-
bers of the House of Representatives in the habit
of introducing bills by which to divide up the re-
sponsibilities and cares that appertain to a par-
ticular officer among two or three or more ? Does
this strike a blow at the President of the United
States, as the Senator from Maryland seems to
suppose, merely because the President originally
appointed the marshal of the District of Columbia?
I apprehend not. We want a man who is able to
supervise the jail himself. It is a vast business.
I am not prepared to say how many men and
women there may be at this moment in this jail,
but I know that a year ago there were between
one hundred and two hundred. I apprehend that
in any State of the Union where there was a
county having as large a number of persons within
a jail as there are to be found ordinarily within the
jail of the District of Columbia, there would in
every such case be a separate and distinct warden
who should have charge of the jail; and not only
that, but they would have a hoard of visitors who
would visit that jail monthly or weekly to see
that the warden fully performed his duties to the
persons incarcerated, and to the Government, and
to the cause of humanity. I do not concede that
there is anything very extraordinary in the prop-
osition which is submitted to the Senate by the
Committee on the District of Columbia. They
want to subserve the public interest by requiring
the jail to be properly kept. They know that it
is no intrenchment on the prerogatives of the
marshal. We are only taking from him that
which is not conferred on the marshal in any State
of the Union, and which ought not to have been
conferred upon him here, and would not have
been but for the fact that originally there was a
very small population here in the District of Co-
lumbia. At that time,! can readily conceive that
the marshal could very well perform not only the
duties that propcily appertained to the office of
marshal but also the duties of jailer. That, how-
ever, has long since gone by. Now theduliesare
too burdensome and too extensive for any one
man to properly perform.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. \ move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I think it is very important to have an
executive session this evening.
Mr. MORRILL. I should be very glad to have
this bill disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 18, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
GOLD CONTRACTS.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to regulate contracts for gold; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
payment or bounties.
Mr. MORRISON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the payment to vol-
unteers who enlisted before the date of the last
call for troops, Octobpr 17, 1863, the same boun-
ties paid to those whoenlistcd subsequentthereto;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ESTABLISHMENT OF CERTAIN ARSENALS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill (H. R. No. 206) in addition to an act for the
establishment of certain arsenals.
I will state that, the bill merely provides a
method by which the Government may get pos-
session of a portion of Rock island,upon which
the Thirty-Seventh Congress directed an atsenal
to be erected. It is very important that the bill
should be passed now, in order that the title may
be obtained and the work carried on in the spring.
I will state further that the bill in addition pro-
vides for the condemnation of property by the
Government not only in relation to the arsenalat
Rock island, but in relation to any other improve-
ments that the Government may desire in future
to carry on.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
back, and was read in extenso.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
GUARDIANS OF LUNATICS, ETC.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask the gentleman from
New York to give way a moment, that 1 may re-
port back from the Committee on the Judiciary a
bill which I think will be acted on without debate.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
abill (II.R. No. 42) to enable guardians and com-
mittees of lunatics appointed in the several States
and other countries to act within the District of
Columbia, with amendments.
The amendments were read, as follows:
First amendment:
Ftrike out all after the word "minor" in the second line,
and insert as follows:
Or lunatic, by the proper authoiity in any State or Ter-
ritory of the United Stares, or its any other country, to in-
stitute and prosecute to final judgment any suit or action m
the com ts ot the Distuetof Columbia as he might have done
if his authority as such iiuaullau or committee had been de-
lived from the proper tribunals of said District; and such
committee or guardian may in the same manner collcctand
receive any &um of money due to Mich Juimtie or minor,
and may by deed, duly executed, release and convey to;my
pariy entitled to the same, whether by purchase or other-
wise, any lands or estates situated in the District of Colum-
bia, the property of such lunatic or minor, or to or upon
which such lunatic or minor may have a claim or moi tgage,
in the same mannei as he might have done it' his authoniy
had been derived from the tribunals of said Dis-trici: Pro-
ruled, That such committee orguaidian. befoie making any
conveyance of real estate or leloa^e of claim or mortgage
thereon, shaft file in the oiphans' eouit of said Distuct the
official certificate of the judge ot the com t from which such
committee ot guaidian derived hi* appointment, that he has
given a sufficient bond to account to the minor or lunatic
toi all sums of money received by virtue of the authority
conferred by this act.
Second amendment:
Stnke out all of the second section after the word " com-
mittee" in the second line, and insert as follows:
Or guardian ol a lunatic or the guardian of a minor duly
appointed at the domicile of the lunatic or minor out of the
District ot Columbia, whether in the United States or a for-
eign countr) , shall he good and effectual: Provided, That
said guardian or committee shall file m the orphans' comt
in said District the official ceitificate of the judge of the
court fiom which such committee or guardian deiivod his
appointment that he has given sufficient bond to account
to the minor or lunatic foi all payments so made: Jlndino-
videdjutfher, That in all cases the evidence of the appoint-
ment and authority of such committee or guardian shall be
first recorded in the office of the oiphans' court ot said Di -
tiiet.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, jt was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
