THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1864.
New Series No. 173.
ought to prevail. The Committee on Claims con-
sidered this matter very carefully, not only this
year, but they have considered it for several
years, and they have always refused to allow the
State of Wisconsin to have her five per cent, until
this company were finally settled with. The com-
mittee desire to adjust the whole matter. They
are further aware that unless it is adjusted in this
way this company must always be the losers.
They were drawn into an investment of their
money in this enterprise by the understanding
with them on the part of the Territory of Wiscon-
sin that it was to be carried forward and to be
made effectual. By the withdrawal ofthe proceeds
of the land from the purposes of the grant, this
company were left entirely without the benefit
that they expected from the canal after expending
their money; and now the committee think it
would be a hardship, when the Territory was act-
ing as trustee for that company and held these
funds and withdrew them from the purposes of
the grant, to allow the Territory, or what is now
the State, of Wisconsin to have her five per cent,
of the public money for schools, which has been
retained, without a settlement with that company.
She was the trustee in some sort for the company
as well as for the Government; and the question
now is, in my judgment, whether we will allow
her to have her settlement and have her five per
cent, fund and leave that company to hunt the
State of Wisconsin, but never to receive what
they ought to have had. In my judgment, it is
very much better, if anything be done, that the
whole matter be settled now and settled satisfac-
torily by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, if it can be done. The committee were
willing if this matter could bo settled up with all
three parties, the Government, the State of Wis-
consin, and the canal company, to let the settle-
ment be made in this way.
I hope, therefore, the resolution will not be
amended as now proposed by the Senator from
Iowa. I certainly should feel bound to vote
against it if it was. 1 doubt very much whether
the State of Wisconsin has not been more to blame
than the canal company, if anybody has been to
blame. It is said that the scheme was impracti-
cable. 1 think it was impracticable; but if it was
impracticable, that is no reason why the canal
company should lose its investment. It was a
corporation within thatState; and, it is said, they
did not pay in their funds. They had no funds
to pay in. When the Territory of Wisconsin
withdrew the land grant they could not command
the funds to carry it on. It was impossible; it
was without their control. I am imputing no
blame to the State of Wisconsin; I am imputing
no blame to the canal company; I am merely
showing, if I can, why the company should be
settled with, and why the work was not carried
on. 1 think this amendment should not be made.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think this amendment
ought to be adopted. The simple question, as 1 un-
derstand it, is this: the Government of the United
States owes the State of Wisconsin about two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Theoiiginal
resolution proposes to pay that sum, which has
lain m the Treasury of the United Slates for a
great many years, to the State of Wisconsin,
upon one condition, that there shall be deducted
therefrom about one hundred thousand dollais,
which Wisconsin had received for certain land,
which land was appropriated to this canal com-
pany, and which money Wisconsin had appro-
priated to hei own use. The balance of the money,
being about one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, by the report of the Committee on Claims, is
either to be paid to the canal company in Wis-
consin or to lie in the Treasury of the United
States. lam opposed to saddling upon the btatc
of Wisconsin in this resolution the unliquidated
claims of tins canal company. I do not think it
is fair that a defunct, bankrupt company should
come in, when Wisconsin asks to be paid her per-
centage upon the sales of the public lands, and
undertake to saddle this unliquidated claim upon
this resolution. The portion of the amendment
173
of the committee which is now proposed to be
stricken out does not provide that Wisconsin
shall pay anything over to this company, but it
provides that the money which would otherwise
be left in the Treasury ofthe United States shall
be paid over to this company, as I understand it.
Am I not right?
Mr. HARLAN. It will come out of the five
per cent. fund.
Mr. WILKINSON. A portion of this five
per cent, fund is to be kept back from theamount
which would have been due to the State of ^Vis-
consin had she not received this land, it is pro-
posed further, in addition to settling with the
State of Wisconsin and paying over to her what
is justly and equitably due, after deducting all rea-
sonable offsets, that out of what is left of this
sum we shall establish a commission to adjudi-
cate the claims and interests of this company. I
do not believe it is right. I do not believe this
system of legislation is right. I do not believe it
is fair for us to incorporate into a resolution of
this nature, which ought to be a plain and simple
settlement of the accounts of Wisconsin, the in-
terest and claims of a defunct company in that
State, and attempt to saddle it upon this resolu-
tion. If there is anything due to this company
why cannot they bring in their independent bill
and let the Committee on Claims report upon it ?
And if they say it is right I will vote for it. So
far as the State of Wisconsin is concerned, her
account can be settled very easily. It is known
how much land she received; it is known just
how much money she paid to this company; and
charging her with the balance and taking it out
of the $250,000, or thereabouts, which was due
to the State of Wisconsin settles the whole tiling,
so fitr as the State is concerned, very easily.
It is said that here is a just and honest claim
of the State, but this company, as 1 understand
it, like the dog in the manger, says to the State:
"You shall not have this money unless we can
saddle our claim on the lesolution, and let your
good bill cairy our bad one through Congress.
1 do not like such legislation.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Minnesota
mistakes this matter very much, I think. If he
will look a little into the history of the transac-
tion he will find that there was a provision passed
bv Congress that the State of Wisconsin should
be entitled to her five per cent, when she had set-
tled with the canal company. Congress imposed
it upon the State of Wisconsin that she should
settle with the canal company. . .
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator is m
LrjVIr. DAVIS. I do not understand the law to
b''M°r'. CLARK. That is the way I interpret the
law, and the way the law has been held for some
time, for the State of Wisconsin has been contin-
ually coming to ask to be settled with without
reference to the canal company, and Congress has
said " No, we will hold you to settle with the
canal company." They have foiled to do it. Tlley
now come and ask to be settled with; but, instead
of holdin«- them to settle with thecanal company,
we propose that Congress shall retain the money
which would belong to them and settle with the
company themselves; in that way the thing may
be settled. That is the way 1 understand the
matter, and 1 think it is the fair interpretation of
it. It is saddling no debtupon the State of Wis-
consin.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand that.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator says he under-
stands that. He said a moment ago that it the
canal company would come to the Committee on
Claims and present their claim and they should
repoi tin favor of it, he would vote to pay it. 1 tils
re-solution provides that the claim shall be ascer-
tained. and, after the State of Wisconsin is fairly
settled with, they agree to take what they unen-
titled to, not exceeding the luiid, and the, com-
mittee are inclined to say that they ought to have
it, and that the thing had better be adjusted at the
same tiim . As I understand it, it is saddling no-
body with any debt, taking no money from any-
body, but giving to the company their fair ex pend-
iture, what they have fairly put into this fund.
I think the Senator from Iowa was very—I was
about to say, unjust; I will not say that, because
he is never unjust—I think perhaps he was a little-
hard in his talk about lobbying a claim through,--
and that the United States was called upon to pay
it. Nobody contendsorpretends, thatl am aware,
that such is the case. 1 do not believe the com-
Ktlission«r or anybody else would allow that. It.
was urged in the committee that we should allow
the interest. The committee did not think it best
to do it, but thought the whole matter might be-
fairlyadpisted in this way. It is very true,as the
Senator'from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] stated,
the public might be deprived ofthe benefit of the
school fund which the State of Wisconsin would-
otherwise have, but that will result from the pre-
vious legislation. I have no objection that Wis-
consin should be held to keep that school funti
good, not the least; but I think it is important,
that this whole matter should be adjusted.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been greatly surprised:
that 1 should differ from the Senator from New-
Hampshire on a subject of this kind, for 1 know
how very clear his peiceptions are, how careful
ho is in the examination of sub jects, and -I know-
how just he is, but I think ho does misapprehend
the facts and the law in this case. If I under-
stand it correctly, he has misstated it this morn ing.
Wisconsin became entitled to the five percent,
on the entire proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, not by virtue of the law admitting her
into the Union, but under a law enacted m 1841,
providing for the distribution of the sales of the
public land, and granting preemption rights.
After the enactment of that law each of the now
States thence afterwards to be admitted into the
Union becamo entitled to this five per cent., and
also to five hundred thousand acres of the publi<5
lands to be selected by the new States. The law
to which the Senator has referred isa law author-
izing Wisconsin to divert this fund from the
original purpose to a new purpose. In ceding to
the State to make this diversion from internal
purposes to the support of schools the Govern-
ment imposed the condition that the State of
Wisconsin should pay the obligations of the
Territory of Wisconsin arising under this canal
grant. That is the true state of the case. Wis-
consin would have been entitled to this five per
cent, and to the five hundred thousand acres of
public lands under the law of 1841.
Mr CLARK. 1 hold the law in my hand,
and by the act of May 29, 1848, for the admis-
sion of Wisconsin into the Union, it was provided:
q , n find be it further enacted, That tile assent of
Coneress is hereb/ given to the first, second, fourth, and
liffh resolutions adopter! bysaid convention,and appended
n i\,,rcon"ututioli; and tile acts of Congress relcrred to
in the said resolutions are hereby amended so that the
linds {minted by the piovisirm<mf th<* severa acts teferred
to in the said firM and fourth resolutions, and the proceeds
of said land.s and Hie five per cent, of the net proceed* of
th« nublic lands th<-ieui mentioned, shall be held and dis-
oo Jtal bv *aid State in the manner and for the purposes
v.^rtmin^rwlcd bv paid convention. * . ,
ProndciL That the liabilities incuired by ti>e territorial
ffnvi'riuneut ot Wiscon&m under the act entitled An act
L «r"m a q.mmVti land Temtor>' uf w scon?'tl
tor the purpose of aiding in opening a canal to connect the
. * t * •>irr  Michigan with those ot Iiock nver, here-
mbelWo referred to, shall be paid ami discharged by the
Statu of Wisconsin.
Mr HARLAN. Certainly; that is as I under-
stood it, Mr. President. There is no new grant
in that law, none whatevet\ It refers to the ori-
ginal laws under which the State would have been
entitled to this five per cent, and to the five hun-
dred thousand acres of land. There is no new
erant; but Wisconsin in her application to be-
come a State of the Union asks leave to divert
that fund from works of internal improvement to
school purposes, and in permitting this diversion
Congress lays, "You may make this diversion,
provided you will pay the liabilities of the Teiti-
toiv of W iscoiism originating under a law appio-
priatin* land for canal purposes. Wiscoigm
then derives nothing from that law whatever. She
