1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CO GBESSIO AL GLOBE,
im
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st .Sess.
or canals, to effect a general system of irrigation
of the agricultural land in the State, as the Legis-
lature shall direct.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That from
and after the admission of the said State of Ne-
vada into the Union, in pursuance of this act, the
laws of the United States, not locally inapplicable,
shall have the same force tJnd effect within the
said State as elsewhere within the United States,
and said State shall constitute one judicial dis-
trict, and be called the district of Nevada.
Approved, March 21, 1864.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to enable the People
of Colorado to form a Constitution and State
Government, and for the Admission of such
State into the Union on an equal Footing with
the original States.
Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the inhabitants of that portion of
the Territory of Colorado included in the bound-
aries hereinafter designated be, and they are here-
by, authorized to form for themselves, out of said
Territory, a State government, with the name
aforesaid, which said State, when formed, shall
be admitted into the Union upon an equal foot-
ing with the original States, in all respects what-
soever.
Sec. 2. Jlnd beit farther enacted, That the said
State of Colorado shall consist of all the territory
included within the following boundaries, to wit:
Ccfcimeneingata pointformed by the intersection
of the thirty-seventh degree of north latitude with
the twenty-fifth degree of longitude west from
Washington; extending thence due west along
said thirty-seventh degree of north latitude to a
point formed by its intersection with the thirty-
second degree oflongitude westfrom Washington;
thence due norlh along said thirty-second degree
of west longitude to a point formed by its inter-
section with the forty-first degree of north latitude;
thence due east along said forty-first degree of
north latitude to a point formed by its intersection
with the twenty-fifth degree of longitude west
from Washington; thence due south along said
twenty-fifth degree of west longitude.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all per-
sons qualified by law to vote for representatives
to the General Assembly of said Territory,atthe
date of the passage of this act, shall be qualified
to be clected; and they are hereby authorized to
vote for and choose representatives to form a
convention, under such rules and regulations as
theGovernorof said Territory may prescribe; and
also to vote upon the acceptance or rejection of
such constitution as may be formed by said con-
vention, under such rules and regulations as said
convention may prescribe;aod if any of said citi-
zens are en listed in the Army of the United States,
and are still within said Territory, they shall be
permitted to vote at theii place of rendezvous; and
if any are absent from said Territory, by reason
of their enlistment in the Army of the United
States, they shall be permitted to vote at their
place of service, under the rules and regulations
m each case to be prescribed, as aforesaid. And
the aforesaid representatives to form the aforesaid
convention shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral counties in said Territory in proportion to the
population, as near as may be; and said appor-
tionment shall be made for said Territory by the
Governor, United States district attorney, and
chicfjustice thereof, or any two of them. And
the Governor of said Territory shall, by procla-
mation on or before the first Monday of May
next, order an election of the representatives
aforesaid, to be held on the first Monday in June
. thereafter throughout the Territory ;and such elec-
tion shall bo conducted in the same manner as is
prescribed by the laws of said Territory regulating
elections therein for members of the House of
Representatives; and the number of members to
said convention shall be the same as now consti-
tute both branches of the Legislature of the afore-
said territory.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
members of the convention, thus elected, shall
meet at the capital of said Territory on the first
Monday in July next, and, .after organization,
shall declare, on behalf of the people of said Ter-
ritory, that they adopt the Constitution of the
United States; whereupon the said convention
shall be, and it is hereby, authorized to form a
constitution and State government for said Ter-
ritory: Provided, That the constitution, when
formed, shall be republican, and not repugnant
to the Constitution of the United States and the
principles of the Declaration of Independence:
Jlnd provided further, That said convention shall
provide by an ordinance, irrevocable withoutthe
consent of the United States and the people of said
State:
First. That there shall be neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude in the said State, otherwise
than in the punishment of crimes, whereof the
party shall have been duly convicted.
Second. That perfect toleration of religious
sentiment shall be secured, and no inhabitant of
said State shall ever be molested in person or
property on account of his or her mode of religious
worship.
Third. Thatthepeople inhabiting said Territory
do agree and declare that they forever disclaim
all right and title to the unappropriated public
lands lying within said Territory, and that the
same shall be and remain at the sole and entire
disposition of the United States, and that the
lands belonging to citizens of the United States,
residing without the said State, shall never be
taxed higher than the land belonging to residents
thereof, and that no taxes shall be imposed by
said State on lands or property therein belonging
to, or which may hereafter be purchased by, the
United States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case
a constitution and State government shall be
formed for the people of said Territory of Colo-
rado, in compliance with the provisions of this
act, that said convention forming the same shall
provide by ordinance for submitting said consti-
tution to the people of said State for their ratifi-
cation or rejection, at an election to be held on
the second Tuesday of October, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-four, at such places and
under such regulations as may be prescribed
therein, at which election the lawful voters of said
new State shall vote directly for or against the
proposed constitution; and the returns of said
elections shall be made to the acting Governor of
the Territory, who, with the United States dis-
trict attorney and chief justice of the said Ter-
ritory, or any two of them, shall canvass the
same, and if a majority of legal votes shall be cast"
for said constitution in said proposed State, the
said acting Governor shall certify the same to the
President of the United States, together with a
copy of said constitution and ordinances to that
effect; whereupon it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident of the United States to issue his procla-
mation declaring the State admitted into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States, with-
out any further action whatever on the part of
Congress.
Sec. 6. Jlndbe it further enacted, That until the
next general census shall be taken said State of
Colorado shall be entitled to one Representative
in the House of Representatives of the United
States, which Representative, together with the
Governor and State and other officers provided for
in said constitution, may be elected on the same
day a vote is taken for or against the proposed
constitution and State government.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That sections
numbered sixteen and thirty-six, in every town-
ship, and where such sections have been sold, or
otherwise disposed of by any act of Congress,
other lands equivalent thereto in legal subdivisions
of not less than one quarter section, and as con-
tiguous as may be, shall be, and are hereby,
granted to said State for the support of common
schools.
Sec. 8. Jlndbe it further enacted, That provided
the State of Colorado shall be admitted into the
Union, in accordance with the foregoing provis-
ions of this act, lltat twenty entire sections of the
unappropriated public lands within said State, to
be selected and located by direction of the Legis-
lature thereof on or before the first day of Janu-
ary, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, shall be, and they are hereby, granted in
legal subdivisions of not less than one hundred
and sixty acres to said Bute, for tne purpose of
erecting public buildings at the capital of said
State for legislative and judicial purposes, in such
manner as the Legislature shall prescribe.' -
Sf.c. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That twenty
other entire sections of land, as aforesaid, t® be
selected and located as aforesaid, in legal subdi-,
visions asa,foresaid, shall be, and theyare hereby,
granted to said State for the purpose of erecting
a suitable building for a penitentiary or State -
prison in the manner aforesaid.
Sec. 10. Jlndbe it farther enacted, That five per
centum of the proceeds of the sales of all public
lands lying within said State, which shall be sold
by the United States subsequent to tile admission
of said State into the Union, after deducting all
the expenses incident to the same, shall be paid
to the said State, for the purpose of making and
improving public roads, constructing ditches or
canals to effect a general system of irrigation of
the agricultural land in the State, as the Legisla-
ture shall direct.
Sec. 11. Jlndbe it further enacted, That from
and after the admission of the said State of Col-
orado into the Union, in pursuance of this act,
the laws of the United States not locally inappli-
cable shall have the same force and effect- -within
the said State as elsewhere'within the United
States, and said State shall constitute one judicial
district, and be called the district of Colorado.
Approved, Mareh 21,1864.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act amendatory of the
Homestead Law, and for other purposes.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in case of any person desirous of
availing himself of the benefits of the homestead
act of twentieth of May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, but who, by reason of actual service
in the military or naval service of the United
States, is unable to do tho personal preliminary
acts at the district land office which the said act
of twentieth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, requires, and whose family orsomemember
thereof, is residing on the land which he desires
to enter, and upon which a bona fide improve-
ment and settlement have been made, it shall and
may be lawful for such person to make the affi-
davit required by said act before the officer com-
manding in the branch of the service in which
the party may be engaged, which affiduvit shall
be as binding in law, and with like penalties, as
if taken before the register or receiver; and upon
such affidavit being filed with the register by the
wife or other representative of the party, the same
shall become effective from the date of such filing,
provided the said application and affidavit are
accompanied by the fee and commissions, as
required by law.
Sec. 2. t'lJltl be it further enacted, That besides
the ten-dollar fee exacted by the said act, the
homestead applicant shall hereafter pay to the
register and receiver each, as commissions,at the
time of entry, one per centum upon the cash price
as fixed by law, of the land applied for, and like
commissions when theclaimisnnallyestablished
and the certificate therefor issued as the basis of
a patent.
Sec.-3. Jin d be it further enacted, That in any
case hereafter in which the applicant for the ben-
efit of the homestead, and whose family or some
member thereof, is residing on the land which he
desires to enter, and upon which a bona fide im-
provement and settlement have been made, is pre-
vented, by reason of distance, bodily infirmity,
or other good cause, from personal attendance at
the district land office, it shall and may be lawful
for him to make the affidavit required by the ori-
ginal statute before the clerk of the court for the
county in which the applicant is an actual resi-
dent, and to transmit the same, with the fee and
commissions, to the register and receiver.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther cnacted," That in lieu
of the fre allowed by tho twelfth section of the
preemption act of fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-one, the register and receiver shall
each be entitled to one dollar for their services in
acting upon preemption claims, and shall be al-
lowed, jointly, at the rate of fifteen cents per hun-
dred words for the testimony which may be re-
duced by them to writing for claimants, tn estab-
