1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL6M.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, ETC., AT CAIRO.
Mr. W.J. ALLEN. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to me for a moment.
Mr, FERNANDO WOOD. I yield.
Mr. W.J.ALLEN, byunanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to revive so much of the act entitled
"An act making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1858," as appropriates the sum of
t50,000 for the construction of a custom-house,
Fnited States court rooms, and post office, at
Cairo, Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
VETERAN ENGINEER REGIMENT.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to organize a regiment of veteran volunteer engi-
neers; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
SALE OF GOLD.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
have risen merely for the purpose of calling the
attention of thellouse to the propriety of making
some immediate disposition of the joint resolution
which the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
posed to report yesterday authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell gold on hand in the
Treasury at pleasure. The mere proposition
emanating from that committee has unsettled the
market of New York; it has deranged the basis
of mercantile transactions; it has deranged ex-
changes and the value of commodities; and I am
appealed to by a very large number of the leading
bankers and merchants of New York to ask that
some disposition shall be made of that question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the joint
resolution before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman from New York is going to ask the
consent of the House that the joint resolution
shall be considered now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to its consideration, but I want to know
whether it is before the House or not.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object, but I ask that the question shall be put to
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was waiting to
hear what the gentleman from New York had to
say
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to say that
if the House were conscious of the fact that the
pending proposition, unacted on and undisposed
of, is perpetrating great injury to the mercantile
interests of the country, 1 am sure they would
make some disposition of the subject. I have risen
merely for the purpose of asking the House to
take up the joint resolution, and dispose of it now
cither by passing it or rejecting it.
Mr. COX. I wil Inot object if we are allowed
to ofiferamendments and discuss this matter some-
what. I hnve an amendment which i propose to
offer to thp joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. It will take the usual course.
The SPEAKER. Is thereany objection to the
reporting of the joint resolution?
No objection was made.
Mr. HOOPER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, then reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to sell any-
surplus gold in the Treasury, which was read a
first and second lime.
The joint resolution authoiizes the Secretary
of the Treasury from time to time, at his discre-
tion, to seli any gold coin in the Treasury over
and above the amount which in his opinion may
be required by the Government for the payment
of interest on the public debt, and for othei pur*
poses.
Mr. HOOPER obtained the floor.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts I offer the following
amendment to come in at the end of thejomtres-
olution*.
Provided, That all sales of goid under this jointresolu-
tUm plutH take place in maiketovert. alter notice given,un-
der «uc!i regulations as maybe proscribed by the ►Secietaty
of the Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LONG. 1 ask (he gentleman ftom Mas-
sachusetts to give way for a moment to allow me
to offer an amendment.
The SPEAICER. There is an amendment al-
ready pending.
Mr. LONG. This is an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER. I should prefer that it should
come in after! have made the few remarks I have
to make.
I rise, Mr. Speaker, merely to reply to the in-
quiries made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] yesterday. And first as to the amount of
gold no w in the Treasury. I- understand that the
amount on Saturday night was $18,900,000. Of
this sum $18,200,000 was in the sub-Treasury at
New York. The estimates from now to the 1st
of July, would increase it some sixteen or eigh-
teen millions more, making, by the 1st of July,
an amount of about thirty-seven million dollars.
The requrements of gold from now to the 1st of
July to meet the payment of the interest on the
public debt are less than twenty-four million dol-
lars, showing an excess of from ten to twelve
millions which might be disposed of under the
authority of this joint resolution.
The gentleman further asked me what would
be the effect on commercial exchanges of giving
this authority to the Secretary of the Treasury.
That is rather a general question, and one that is
difficult to answer in any concise way. I shall
only refer to two things to'illustrate what may be
the effect of it. Gentlemen may recollect that ref-
erence was made the other day by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] to a letter
from Mr. Lamar,in which he advises his friends
to get up the price of gold as the true way of at-
tacking the Pedeial Government. 1 think the effect
of this authority to the Treasury Department
would be rather to disarrange the plans of those
gentlemen who may propose to follow out Mr.
Lamar's suggestion, as it would be impossible for
them to judge in advance when the Secretary of
the Treasury was coming into the market; and if
they undertook any measure by which to raise
the price of gold, it might possibly prove to the
benefit of the Government.
I call the attention of the gentleman to another
fact. He may recollect the circumstance of a
sudden demand for $12,000,000 for payment of
the Army being made on the Treasury something
more than a year ago. The Secretary made an
arrangement with the banks at New York that
they should advance that amount, and advance
it immediately for use. The gentleman from Ohio
is well aware, from his general knowledge on the
subject of finance and cuirency, that there is but
a certain amount of the medium used for money
required to conduct the business of any place.
The effcctofthatsudden call for §12,000,000, with-
drawing that amount in notes from the circulation
of the city of New York, was to produce almost
a panic there. It operated as a great check on the
operations of the banks; in fact, it was found im-
possible to pay that amount promptly at the sub-
Treasury, and the sub-Treasurer was obliged to
grant some facilities—to spread the payment into
the Treasury over a few days.
I mention that as an illustration of the effect
produced by the accumulation of this amount of
gold in the sub-Treasury at this time, thus with-
diawingit from use, and putting it where it can
not possibly be availed of by the merchants again
for several months. The gold is not needed in the
Treasury. The effect of this resolution would be
to restore the surplus of gold in the Treasury to
the channels of trade for the use of the merchants
of New York and of other parts of the country. I
think its immediate effect would be to prevent
what I understand to be now going on m New
York—a1'corner in gold." There is so much
gold accumulated in the sub-Treasury beyond the
reach of the community as to enable parties to
buy np the small amounts that are offered for sale,
thereby forestalling it, and producing what is
termed in the language of Wall street a corner in
gold. I understand that to be the reason why gold
lias advanced three or four per cent, during a week
or two past in the city of New York.
As to my general opinion of the effectto be pro-
duced upon our commercial system, I think the
gentleman will be satisfied from what 1 have said
thatatleast some immediate good svill be effected,
and will excuse me for declining at present to ex-
press any opinion.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from .Massa-
chusetts whether this large amount o'f goMintite
sub-Treasury has been placed there fronuhe pay-
ment of customs duties or from deposits? . ;
Mr. HOOPER. I understand that the accu-
mulation has arisen from the payment of duties
at the custom-house. On Saturday last the whole
amount paid for duties in New York was $526,000,
and of that sum $506,000 was in gold. ;
Mr. COX. I would ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts what effect the amendment which
I hare offered would have on the bill? I?oes
he regard that amendment as prejudicial to the
Government in its transactions in gold, or Will
he favor that amendment? :
Mr. HOOPER.. I should think the effect of
that amendment would be prejudicial. It would
be giving notice beforehand that gold in large
amounts is to be offered for sale, and allow com-
bination to be made to control the sale and keep
the gold asa monopoly in the hands of the wealthy
brokers and speculators. I think it would per-
haps facilitate certain other operations so far as
this, that it would be a sort of notice to those gen-
tlemen I have alluded to before, who propose to
follow out the suggestion of Mr. Lamarand en-
able them to guard themselves by the forewarn-
ing it would give them of the intehtions of the
Secretary.
Mr. PENDLETON. Iregret verymuch.Mr.
Speaker, to be obliged to differ from the majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means which re-
ported this resolution;but the consideration which
I have been able to give to the subject leads me to
the conclusion that the result of the passage of the
resolution will be injurious to the interests of the
Treasury. I am looking to the interests of that
Department of the Government alone in my ac-
tion upon this resolution. It involves only a ques-
tion of finance, only a question of sound commer-
cial policy. The Secretary of the Treasury ha3
now power to buy gold whenever lie shall deem
it necessary. That power was given to him be-
cause the law authorizing the issue of notes and
bonds provided that the interest on them should
be paid in gold. In order to enable him to re-
deem that obligation it was thought proper to give
him power, whenever he should find it necessary,
to go into the market and buy gold. He has that
power to an unlimited extent. This resolution
proposes to give him power to sell gold to the like
extent; so that, if the resolution shall pass, the
Secretary of the Treasury will have complete
power to buy and sell gold whenever he shall think
proper.
I call the attention of gentlemen to the fact that
they are clothing the Secretary with enormous
power; that he will be authorized bylaw to go into
the gold market of the country for whatever
amount he pleases whenever he pleases. There
is no good purpose to be accomplished by this res-
olution,except that stated by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. ICasson] yesterday,and by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoopek] to-day.
They told us plainly that the purpose was not to
relieve theTreasury, but to relieve the gold market
of New York. The premium which could be
realized from the sale of this gold would afford no
relief to the Treasury. They do not pretend it.
They know that if ten millions were sold the pre-
mium would scarcely suffice for the expenses of
the Government for ten hours. No interest would
be saved to the Treasury, for the sale would not
be made for interest paying bonds, but would be
made forlegal-tender notes, which pay no interest
whatever. They did well, therefore, frankly to
avow the purpose of this resolution; to state clearly
what a moment's reflection would teach any man,
that the gold market of New York, not theTreas-
ury of the United States, is the object of solicitude
here. To relieve it from stringency is the only
good purpose, if that be a good purpose,which can
be subserved by the passage of the resolution.
I think 1 understand the source from which this
resolution springs, i know the parties who are
urging it forward. My honorable colleagues on
the Committee of Ways and Means will under-
stand that t mean no reflection upon them, their
motives, or their actions. If statements which I
entirely credit are to be relied on, private interests
are at the bottom of this movement. Persons
using gold in their transactions laid in a " win-
ter's supply " last summer and fall, when the price
was low. They have exhausted their supply.
