1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
repeal the ratification of the Constitution of the
JUmted States by Virginia, and to resume ali the
rights and powers thereby granted. That ratifi-
cation, adopted on the 25th of June, 1788, which
has been printed with every code of Virginia since
issued, and which mus.t be allowed to havo for
Virginia all the sacredness and force of a funda-
mental or organic law, declares and makes known
" that the powers granted under the Constitution
being derived from the people of the United States,
may be resumed by them whensoever the same
«hall be perverted to their injury or oppression."
I call attention to the remarkable precision of this
language, it asserts, first, that in a single con-
tingency, which it plainly indicates, the powers
granted under the Constitution may be resumed.
U asserts, secondly, that in such contingency,
tsuc.li powers being derived ftom, may be resumed
by, the people of the United Stales. If there is
.any other interpretation of winch the woids i have
quoted are susceptible, I am unable to peiceive
it. Under a common ruie of interpretation, the
phrase quoted may be said to affirm that the
powersgranted can be resumed only by the whole
people of the United States, and not by the peo-
ple of any one, two, thiee, or mure States, oi any
other poitionof them less than the constitutional
majority of States. 1 fearlessly assoit, that not
only upon the ground that the latification was an
organic,law of Virginia, but also on the ground
that the convention in adopting, and, if you please,
the people in ratifying, the secession oi dinance, by
giving it the form of a repeal ol the act of ratifica-
tion, acknowledged themselves bound until such
repeal by all that the latter contained, and conse-
quently acknowledged the unconstitutionality and
illegality, under both the organic law of the Union
and that of their own State, of the act they were
about to perpetrate.
But it seems that these Virginia secessionists
wore anxious to find, in the lowest depth of deg-
radation into which they had not only voluntanly
but exultingly plunged, a lower deep. Senatois
will wonder, if the conclusion from the act of
latification is as 1 have stated, why us repeal
should have be< n i e-soi <vd to as the mode of inau-
gurating secession. The convention had incu-
bated the oniinance for nine long weeks, and it
must be that when the young buzzard chipped tho
shell there was something about him displeasing
to the eyes of his partial parents. Certainly the
outsiders m Virginia, even those who had most
impatiently awaited the hatching, were not per-
mitted to see or handle him for many days after-
wards; while the fact that he was hatched was
triumphantly telegraphed to other seceding States.
It is probable that, in the interval, the supposed
deformity was removed by the excision of a part,
the loss of which those who had " looked and
longed and wished and grieved" for his appear-
ance failed to perceive, but which tho judicious
may think aggravates jus ugliness.
Kut, sir, badinage apart, will it be believed that
the secession ordinance pretending to lecite the
act of ratification leaves out some most important
words, the very words which most plainly and
indubitably condemn its (ramersand supporters?
The preamble to the ordinance is in the following
words, and that there may be no mistake, I iead
from the official publication iasu< d at Richmond
in IbGl, and bearing the imprint of " William j<1.
Ritchie, public printer:"
"The people of Vir-mna, in their ratification of the Con-
stitution oi the Umicil State* of Anio u a, adopted by them
m convention on the 26th day of June in tiie yeai oi oin
f.ord having declared that th<j powers panted und''i
ihe said Cm^tituuon were derived from the people ot tin:
United States, and mi^ht hi' icsumed whensoever the same
-iiouid he j ci\ eiU'd to I hen ii.jury and oppie--ion ; and tin
Fedeinl (Jovemnu'Ht h.ivins! pei vetted -aid power-, not
only to the injiny of the people of Vienna, t ut to tin'1 op-
pression oi the southern fdavihoUtmi; States . Vow, tneie-
:ore," &e.
As the omis-uon may not be readily perceived
i y those who have not both instruments before
mem, 1 will state that the act of ratification says
that " the powers panted under the Constitution
being derived from the people of the United Slates,
may be resumed by them whensoever," &c. The
m.'cession oidmance omits the words " by them."
These wmtK nmy not be absolutely essential m
a correct interpretation of the act of ratification,
out they render Us meaning unequivocal. I am
at a loss for language strong enough to charac-
terize the baseness of this act. Had the right to
at ede been undeniable, all right-minded men
would have approached its exercise with the most
solemn feelings, among which would have been
a sincere desire to justify it in the eyes of the
world, and regret for the necessity which, in their
opinion, demanded it. But what shall we say of
those who, admitting by their own lying ordi-
nance thatsecession was unjustifiable, persevered
in their iniquity to the extent of making war not
only against the citizens of other States, but
against those of their own ? What shall we say of
those to whom, in a dreadful crisis, it had been
committed to indicate the course the State should
pursue, who could impose so wicked and dis-
honorable a deception on those who had confided
m them? What shall we say of those who ap-
pealed so often to State pride and Slate attach-
ment to adhere to her under ail circumstances,
doing an act more disgraceful to the State, if they
may be considered her representatives, and au-
thorized to spoak for her, than any which stains
the history of nations? Sir, it has appeared
throughout the already long history of secession,
that the one great peijury of tenouncing alle-
giance to the Government of theit country has so
poisoned tin* \ery souls of these men that they
hesitate al nothing m the whole catalogue of crime
if it will serve tho purpose of the moment.
But there is upon the face of this secession
oi dinance another gross and palpable he. The act
of ratification gave as the one only cause justify-
ing the resumption by the whole people of the
United States of the powers granted under the Con-
stitution, that these powers should be perverted
to their injury or oppiession. The ordinance does
allege thai these powers had been perverted by
the Fedeiul Government, " not only to the injury
of the people of Vnginia, but to the oppiession
of the southern slavoholdmg States." Cut there
is no specification of the alleged injury and op-
pression, and we- have, if our own knowledge of
the facts is not sullicieni, the testimony of Alex-
ander H. Stephens and other influential secession-
ists, that there has been no sm h injury and op-
pression on the part of the Federal Government.
And yet this lying oi dinance is the pietense and
the lnxtiuuient by which so much misery has
been inflicted upon Virginia, and,l may add,
upon the country, for 1 verily believe thai but
for the encouragement given by these liais m her
name and as her act to moie southern traitors,
secession would never have laised its head, and
but for her accession to the rebellion, effected by
these liars, there would have been no years of a
war unexampled in the history of mankind.
And now, sir, 1 ask the Senatorfiorn Kentucky,
I ask thefriendsof lepublican govei nment every-
where, what it became the loyal people of Vir-
ginia to do under these aggiavated usurpations
of their just authoiityr Was that honorable
Senator only facetious the other day when he
spoke of the thiee Legislatures sitting in what, by
ignoi ing the existence of West Virginia as a sep-
aiate State,, he called Virginia? Did he mean to
imply that the so-called Legislature which still
convenes at Richmond, doing the behests of that
other pseudo-government which has taken tem-
porary lodgings in the same city, could be the
true Legisdatuie of Vnginmeven if iheothers were
defunct? With his keen pmoeptum anil appre-
ciation of infections of the Constitution and vio-
lations of popular rights, would he not have ad-
\ised the loyal people to revolt" again?,t those
who weie perverting the powers with which they
claimed to be invested to their injury raid oppres-
sion; giving to the woid " revolt" not his own
mild interpretation, but the sterner meaning of
the >Senatoi from Massachusetts, [Mi. Wjl&on ?]
Would not he, had he been one of them, have
shouldeied his musket, as he did urnst honorably
and pati lotically m behalf of the Union, at an
raily stage of this wicked rebellion? So great is
my respect for the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky that i have ah eady expicssed my belief
that he is ineoriecily mtormed as to what the loyal
citizens of Virginia Uid do, of tnetr reasons for
doing it, or of the manner in which it wasdone.
1 therefore hope to be indulged in a few remaiks
upon these topics.
Immediately after Jt became publicly known
that the secession ordinance bad passed in secret
session on the 17th of Apitl, 1861, a meeting
was held m Harrison county at the instance of
the presentSeujitor from Virginia, whooppointed
delegated to a convention to be held at the city of
Wheeling on the 13th of May then next, and in-
vited the northwestern counties, supposed to be
the only portion of the State not under the im-
mediate military rule of the secession faction, to
be represented there. The invitation was ac-
cepted; and delegates appointed by counties,
towns, villages, and neighborhoods, to the num-
ber of five hundred, assembled at Wheeling on
the appointed day. It preceded the day appointed
for the vote on the secession ordinance, and was,
in part at least, intended to concentrate the vote
of the northwest against that iniquity. But events
were hastening on with fearful rapidity; and be-
fore it met it was known that confederate troops
were advancing on the northwest. After it as-
sembled, the secessionists of that quarter were
active in denouncing it and its members, against
several of whom, including the Senator from
Virginia and my colleague, threats of personal
violence were made. The convention, from the
manner in which those composing it had been ap-
pointed, rendering the repiesentation unequal,
and from a sirfcere desire that all the loyal citi-
zens of the State should unite with them in what-
ever course should be finally determined on, called
another convention, to meet, if the secession ordi-
nance should be ratified, at the same city,on the
11th of June following, to be .'composed of the
senators and delegates to the Legislatuie, to be
elected ten days later under the regular operation
of the constitution and laws of the State, and ot
double the number of delegates to be specially
elected from the counties represented theie, and
all others disposed to cooperate with them. It
will be noticed that the invitation was addressed
to all the loyal people of the State.
Reforc they separated, tin; May convention, not-
withstanding their danger from the rebel troops
still rapidly advancing, and from the home seces-
sionists, passed a series of resolutions couched m
decorous but pointed language. They declared
that in their judgment the secession ordinance was
unconstitutional, null, and void; tfeat the prohi-
bition to ele«.t members of Congress was a man-
ifest usurpation of power to which they would
not submit, and recommended the people to elect
their members, which was done in several cases;
they denounced the agreement with the so-called
confederate States, and the ordinance approving
and ratifying it, and all acts of the Executive m
pursuance thereof, as palpable violations of the
national Constitution, and utterly subversive of
the lights and liberties of the people of Virginia;
they earnestly ur^ed and entieated tiie citizens of
the State every wiiere to vote in condemnation of
the ordinance of secession; and m conclusion de-
clared that they would maintain and defend the
Constitution of the United States, the laws made
in pursuance thcieof, and all officers lawfully
acting under it.
Before the day for holding the second conven-
tion airived, great changes had taken place. The
brave and patriotic Geneial (then Colonel) Kelly,
in command of the fn st Vngima volunteers, i aistd
under the auspices of a committee of the first loyal
convention, and of regiments fiom Ohio and In-
diana,literally met the enemy " ntPhilippi," and
fought and won the first battle of the war, and,
unfoitunately, was the fnst field officer that re-
ceived a serious wound. Many secessionists had
fled, and among them a large portion of the State
and county judicial and civil officers. But tor
the iinnncss of the loyal people, and the expect-
ation of some efficient action by tho convention
about to sit, the counties free fiom military dom-
ination must have fallen into a state of anarchy
such as inevitably follows the suspension of civil
government for any length of time.
It was undersuch circumstances that the con-
vention of June, 1861, assembled at Wheeling.
That which claimed to be the government of the
State was waging war against us. To yield it
allegiance in the position it had assumed would
be a denial of our allegiance to the United States,
it would bo more: it would be to confess an alle-
giance to a pseudo-confederacy, " begotten in mii
and born in iniquity." This we could not do.
It therefore became the duty of the convention
to consider in what manner vp could continue
our allegiance to the Federal Government and at
thp same time secure to ouiselves the benefit of
those municipal laws and regulations which, un-
der our system, can only emanate from the Sta'e
governments, and their due and authoiitative ud-
