THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
They are compelled to buy. The price is higher
now than it was then, They want it to be lower.
I^ota whimper of Government hoarding has been
ever before heard. Suddenly they discover that
the Government has $20,000,000 of gold in its
vaults; that it has hoarded that amount; that the
Government ought not to hoard; that if $20,000,000
Of $10,000,000 shall be suddenly brought on the
"market the price will fall and they will be able to
buy at a low rate;and forthwith, upon every con-
ceivable pretext, tliey urge the sale of that gold,
irrespective of every other consideration than the
state of the gold market to-morrow and their own
interest.
We were told yesterday th.- t great stringency
exists in the gold marketinNew York becauseof
the amount of gold in the Treasury there. How
much? Eighteen million dollars of gold have
accumulated in the Treasury, and if lam not mis-
taken the returns show there are more than sixty
million dollars now on depositin New York. So
less than one third of the amount subject to draft
for the purposes of business is in the vaults of the
United States.
1 claim, in the first place, it is not the duty noi-
ls it within the scope of the legitimate operations
of this Government to control (even though that
control be exerted for the purpose of relieving) the
money market of the country. That is not within
the sphere of its proper functions. It ought not
to become either a " bull" or " bear." It ought
not to become a speculator. It ought not to seek
to control the money market instead of allowing
the laws of trade to control it. Itis a trite saying
that the world is governed too much. The say-
ing was never more true than to-day. It never
was applied more truly than to our own country.
We have abandoned the principles on which the
Government was founded. We have cut loose
from all our moorings.
Mr. BROOKS rose.
Mr. PENDLETON. I yield to thegentleman,
if he desires it.
Mr. BROOKS. I thought the gentleman was
done.
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir. There are
$18,000,000 of gold in the Treasury atNew York.
There is the residue of $60,000,000 there to per-
form the ordinary and legitimate duties of gold in
that market. Can it be that the retention of that
amount in the Treasury for a few days, and it will
be only for a few days, will so derange the gold
market of New York that, in order to restore its
normal condition, this great power mustbe given
to the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. PENDLETON. With pleasure.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 inquire, with the consent
of my colleague on the Committee of Waysand
Means, whether anybody knows what is the de-
sire of the Secretary of the Treasury on this sub-
ject? He has not communicated to that committee
or to this Congress any information as to the pro-
priety of eonfeiring upon him this additional
power for selling gold ill the market of the coun-
try. He applied for the power to buy gold to pay
the interest on the public debt. Now, when it is
proposed to confer upon him this extraordinary
power, he has never applied to the Committee of
Ways and Means or to this House for any such
purpose. He has never informed us that thegrant-
ingof that power would be beneficent or not. 1
submit whether it is proper to confer upon the
Secretary of the Treasury the power to bell gold,
he already having the powci to buy gold, and go
into the market ofNew York and bee.omea" bull"
or " bear" to raise or lower the price of gold, at
his discretion, without his calling upon the llouse?
Mr. DUMONT rose.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the gentleman from
Indiana desires to propound a question to me or
to any member of the committee, or to answer the
question of the gentleman from Kentucky, I will
yield to him with pleasure; otherwise 1 cannot.
I am not able to answer the question piopounded
by the gentleman from Kentucky. If any of my
colleagues on the Committee of Ways and Means
are prepared to give a categorical answer as to
whether or not the Secretary of the Treasury de-
sires this bill to pass, or whether he has recom-
mended it, I will give way that they may make
the answer.
Mr. MALLORY. I am very certain that 110
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
is authorized to give a categorical answer. 1
merely wished to announce the fact that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has not applied for this
powir.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I resume
the line of my argument. I am prepared to say,
sir, that even if the result of this bill would be to
relieve the money market in New York; if the very
object which the gentleman from Iowa and the
gentleman from Masrachusetts announce as the
one only beneficial object to be accomplished by it
could ,be attained by its passage, 1 should, never-
theless, be unwilling that the Government of the
United States should undertake to accomplish it;
and above all I would be unwilling to intrust the
operations of the Government in this delicate mat-
ter to the head of any Department. I have nothing
to say unkind or derogatory of the distinguished
gentleman now Secretary of the Treasury. I
would not sayan unkind word of him, as I have
ceitainly no unkind thought of him. I recognize
his ability and his integrity. What I say does
not apply personally to him, but to all men alike.
I would not intrust to any officer of this Govern-
ment the power of buying and selling gold, and
thus enable him at his pleasure to raise or de-
press the market.
1 would not_put it in the power of any man to
control speculations, to exhibit favoritism, to re-
ward personal service; or to wreak personal hatred,
as might be done under the operation of this bill,
if the Secretary of the Treasury were sodisposed.
Itis only necessary for him to throw a few million
dollars upon the gold market, and immediately
the price goes down. Itis only necessary to buy
up a few million dollars for the payment of in-
terest upon our obligations, and immediately the
price rises. It is only necessary to know when
these movements will be made to realize foi tunes.
It is only necessary to have them made arbitrarily
to insure the complete bankruptcy of thousands
of citizens.
Mr. HOOPER. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the Secretary of the Treasury has
not the same power in disposing of bonds, and to
a much greater extent?
Mr. PENDLETON. He has great power in
that respect—quite as much as any Secretary
ought to have—but the disposal of bonds will not
afiect the market nearly so much, or so suddenly,
as the disposal or purchase of gold will. The gen-
tleman knows this far better than I. He could
illustrate and account for it more accurately and
more easily than I could.
But, Mr. Speaker, another objection I have to
this resolution is, that if this money is now sold
by the Secretary of the Tieasury, before ninety
days he will be buying it back, and at a much
higher rate. Last Saturday there was in the
Treasury in New York $18,907,218 in gold. I
think upon that day, perhaps, some five hundred
thousand dollars were added to the amount, and
by next Saturday the Secretary of the Treasury
supposes he will have moie than twenty-one mil-
lion dollars of gold. This resolution proposes to
allow him to sell of that amount so much as he
thinks is not needed by the Government. Why
shall he sell it? The gentleman tells us, to re-
lieve the maiket in New York! Now, on the
19th of February—to-morrow—the Secretary is
obliged to pay, and pay chiefly in New York,
$1,900,000 ill gold, for interest upon the seven-
thirty notes; on the 4th of March, scarcely
moie than a week, he is obliged to pay $851,040
in gold; on the 1st of April, six weeks from
this time, he is obliged to pay for the same object
$3,103,973 50; on the 1st of May he must pay
for the same puiposc $14,245,141 33; and on the
1st of July, for the same purpose, lie must pay
$3,432,282 37; in all $23,CO] ,943 30.
Thus it appears that within the next four
months legitimately, and without this power to
sell, there must be paid out of the Treasury an
amount of gold greater by §5,000,000 than there
is now in it. And yet gentlemen tell us it is
unsafe, injudicious, and unwise to keep in the
Treasury the $18,000,000 which arc now there
and which wo an.1 obliged to pay out within four
months to redeem our plighted faith. Yetgentle-
meri are actually grieving over the amount of gold*
which we have, and are contitving plans to get
rid of it. it is u burden to them; it oppresses
them by day and haunts their dreams by night,
i*
They attribute to the possession of that gold all
our misfortunes and disasters. They think it not
only affects exchanges and the market, but thatit
affects military movements, and I expect before
we close this debate to hear that we must sell our
gold—these eighteen million—in order to inaug-
urate " a more vigorous prosecution of the war,"
and " to crush this wicked lebollion."
Gentlemen will doubtless reply that the receipts
from customs, which must be paid in gold, will
furnish an abundant supply, will speedily fill the
vacuum created by the sale. The duties are not
paid entirely in gold. They may be paid in de-
mand notes. Some of those notes are still out-
standing; I do not now remember how many.
The amount is not very large; but whatever that
amount is, it will be used for this purpose. Itis
certainly unwise to rely too confidently on a sup-
ply from so uncertain asource. Importations may
be checked by many causes. If they should be
checked, the supply of gold will be re'duced or en-
tirely cut off. But we have the estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury himself. He tells us
in his report that he estimates the receipts from
customs—gold and demand notes both—for the
current year, at $72,562,018 42, while the interest
on the public debt is only $59,164,136 38. This
latter amount is obviously liable to be increased
by the large amount of interest-paying bonds
which are being issued. The balance in favor of
the Government is thus $13,377,782 04. How
much of this balance will be in demand notes, I
am notable now to state with reasonable accuracy.
Some portion of it certainly will be. At best, then,
even if the estimates, always liberal, shall prove
in this instance correct, the balance will not be so
large as the smallest sum which I have yet heard
suggested as the amount which the Secretary
might feel himself at liberty to sell if this resolu-
tion shall pass. But for the next fiscal year the
receipts from customs are estimated a t^70,000,000,
while the interest on the public debt for the same
peiiod is estimated at §85,000,000, thus showing
a deficiency during the y<'arofgoldof$15,000,000;
that is to say, immediately after the close of this
fiscal year, the 1st day of July next, the neces-
sary drain upon the Treasury of gold will be larger
than the supply, and a deficiency, apparent im-
mediately, will increase constantly till it reaches
the sum of $15,000,000. Gentlemen who propose,
in the face of these estimates, to deplete the
Treasury, must not wonder that 1 predict that the
Secretary will in that case be compelled to pur-
case gold; and that, too, at an enhanced rate.
But, sir, there is another phase of this question
to which I desire to call theattention of the House,
and it is this: it is proposed that the Government
shall go into the market with the gold which we
have compelled the people to pay for customs, and
buy up at a depreciation of fifty or sixty cents its
own notes, which we compelled the people to take
at their par of gold. It is proposed to go into the
market with tins gold, and purchase at a reduced
price the currency which the Govern ment put upon
the market and compelled its citizens to take as
gold. When these legal-tender notes were issued
we were told that they were money. The Gov-
ernmentof the United Statesimpressed upon tliem
as far as it could that quality. Citizens wete com-
pelled to take them in the discharge of obligations
to pay in gold. They were compelled to take them
in discharge of private contracts, in payment of
debts and in payment ofjudgments, where the judg-
ment or the contract was that gold should be paid
instead of paper. And now gentlemen propose
that the Government, acknowledging that its credit
is below par, acknowledging that its promises to
pay arc not worth the money promised,acknowl-
edging its own discredit, shall sell this gold for
its own legal-tender notes at a depreciated rate.
Surely, sir, that is a transaction in which we ought
not to engage. No honorable man would do so
in his own private affairs. We cannot shut our
eyes to the facts thatthe papermoneyof the Uni-
ted States is not equal to gold; but that is no rea-
son why we should traffic in our own discredit,
why we should make a profit out of our dishonor.
I think that nothing could so endanger the credit
of the Government, nothing so tarnish its good
faith, nothing could so dishonor it, as to go now
into the market with gold which it has forced the
citizens of the country to pay to buy atadiscount
the notes which it forced them to take as of equal
value with gold.
