1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But, sir, ( go further. While I believe that ihe |
immediate effectof this resolution will be to bring i
down the price of gold; while I believe that the i
throwing of a few millions of gold upon the mar- 1
ket will immediately cause the price to decline,
just as the withdrawal of a few millions would
cause it to rise, yot 1 believe that it will be a step
fatal to the credit of the country. What will the
bondholders of this country at home and abroad
think of our financial skill and ability when they
see that we so readily part with that which is the
only basis of our credit, which alone enables us
to fulfill our obligations, without which we cannot
pay the interest on our debts as we have agreed
to pay it?
Why, sir, there is nothing which will give the
Government of the United States more credit than
the assured fact that it has in its vaults all the
time ready for use, not subject to contingencies,
coin to pay the interest on the public debt, and as
much more as it is possible to get there to redeem
the debt when it falls due. It will give the Gov-
ernment credit. It will bring up Government
notes to a closer proximity to gold. It, in my
judgment, will give more credit to the Govern-
ment than anything which is to result from the
petty expedient of reducing the nominal price of
gold in the market of New York three, five, or
even ten cents in the next few days.
In any view, therefore, in which I can look at
this question, whether as a financial operation, as
a matter of good faith, as a means of replenishing
the Treasury, or as an attempt by the Govern-
ment to regulate the money markets of the coun-
try rather than leave them to the legitimate oper-
ations of trade, in any aspect it seems to me
that the passage of this resolution must be dis-
astrous.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I must be ex-
cused for indulging in a few remarks upon this
question, which is one of great importance, be-
cause it immediately concerns a large number of
persons whom I and other gentlemen from the
city of New York represent upon this floor.
We have arrived at last at a crisis in our mon-
etary and commercial affairs which every wise
man has foreseen, and that is the period when,
from the expansion of our paper currency, our
imports largely exceed our exports; and the con-
sequence is from there being in use two species
of currency, a cheap paper currency for the peo-
ple, and a dear specie currency for the Govern-
ment, so that large sums in specie are accumu-
lating in the custom-house in New York. In
other words, we have money so cheap and so
plenty that consumption has become enormous,
and extravagance universal. Hence we have
now become tributary to European nations for
all those luxunes that we consume so largely;
and payment for them has to be made in that
currency which those nations accept, and that is
gold.
A glance at the custom-house statistics will
bring home this consideration forcibly to the mind
of every person. Our increase in imports for the
lastseven months has been $13,702,251, while our
decrease in exports has been $17,933,209. The
imports in January were $18,907,000, payable in
gold,equivalent to $30,000,000 in currency; while
our exports were only about eight millions' worth
in gold, equivalent to £12,150,000 in currency;
making a difference between imports and exports
in one month of about eighteen millions in cur-
rency. The tide of trade is turned against us.
We ate becoming tributaiy as we were in 1836to
all the European nations for the luxuiies which
we buy from them, if not for some of the neces-
saries of life. I myself have seen imported into
the city of New York hampers of potatoes from
Normandy, in France, and many of us have seen
that large quantities of gram have been imported
into this great grain-pioducmg country from the
Baltic and Black sea, in consequence of an ex-
cess of paper money, in 18313-37.
Where money becomes of little value from a
paper inflation, the productions of all countries
will be eagerly sought and consumed. Hence
we have become so extravagant in this country
from this over-production of paper money that
the agriculturist can hardly afford to till his farm;
the workman has hardly an inducement to labor.
Everybody is being tempted to speculate, and is
becoming rich, so that now the agriculturists are
deserting their luiim* and hiesides and are over-
populating om cities. Chicago, Cincinnati,Phil-
adelphia, New York, and Boston, are overrun
with people. There are not now in the city of
New York tenements enough to accommodate the
numbers crowding into it from all parts for the
purpose of speculating. The cities are full, and
the country is being more or less abandoned.
In this crisis of the currency there appears, to
my utter astonishment, a proposition here to cut
loose from the only anchor which society has,
that is, the gold basis, by selling out gold as a
speculation in the customs. What was the pol-
icy of General Jackson and of his party in 1836,
when the speculation was somewhat like that of
the present day? Then citizens of New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, and of the whole country
were buying up lands in Illinois, Indiana, Wis-
consin, Iowa,and Minnesota. Some constituents
of mine owned at that time not only counties but
almost whole States in the West. That illustri-
ous man, and those by whom he was surrounded,
instead of adopting what is here now proposed,
instead of cutting loose from the specie basis, at
once issued the spccie circular, assumed the re-
sponsibility, and ordered all payments forthe pub-
lic lands to be in specie alone, and thereby arrested
that enormous speculation'at once.
It has been said with great truth that there is a
scarcity ingold,oranincreasein the price of gold,
in New York. Let it be so. In one sense it will
prove a benefit if it will only help to stop importa-
tions. The curse of the country now is exces-
sive importation—importation of silks and satins
and wines, tapestries and cashmere shawls, and
luxuries of all kinds. Never was a people so
extravagant as is the people of this country at this
moment; and if gold will only rise high enough
to stop all these importations, it will be the greatest
blessing that can possibly be conferred on the
country.
Mr. LONG. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to propose a substitute?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. LONG. It is to strike out all after the
words " resolved, &c.,"and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury lie authorized and re-
quired to use, from time to time, any surplus of gold in the
Treasury of the United States in the payment of the sol-
diers in the field, and that in making such payments he shall
u^e teuch precaution (hat in a series of months the amount
of cold so used be di-stiibuted proportionally among the
different divi&ions of the Army.
Mr. BROOKS, It strikes me, too, that the
Committee of Ways and Means has overlooked
that important act of Congress passed on the 25th
of February, 1862, to authorize the issue of United
States notes and for the collection and funding
theieof, and for funding the floating debt of the
United States.
Section five of this act redds as follows:
"That all duties upon imported goods shall he paid in
coin, or in notes payable on demand heretofore authorized
to be H<ued and by l.nv receivable in payment of public
dues, and llie com paid shall he set apart as a special
Jttiul, and shall be applied as follows:
" First, to the payment in coin of the interest on the bonds
and notes of the United States. Sceond, to the purchase or
pav ment of one per cent, of the entire debts of the United
Stares, to be made within each fiscal yoar after the 18th
day of Febiuary, 1852, which is to beset apait as a sinking
fund, and the interest of which shall in like manner be
applied to the payment or puicha^c of the public debt as
the Secietaiy of the Tieasury shall from time to time di-
rect."
Mr. Speaker, the public faith, therefore, under
this act is pledged solemnly that the coin shall be
reserved exclusively to pay the interest on the
public debt or to create this sinking fund. There
is the public lccord. Theie it is written, and it
cannot be got over without an utter violation of
the public faith. There is no stab so great, there
is no damage so great to the Government of the
United States as m the slightest manner whatso-
ever to affect the public credit.
1 stand not upon my record; 1 stand upon the
record of the preceding Congress; and in behalf
of the public creditor, and in behalfof those who
upon the solemn pledge of the country have taken
the public bonds, I forbid, as far as it is in my
power by my vote, the violation of that recoid
and that public faith there recorded. If the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has more gold than he
knows what to do with let him apply it to the
payment of one percent, of the debt of the United
States. Let him create the sinking fund there pro-
vided. Lethim diminish thepnblicdebt. There
is the way to get rid of the coin, and not in the
way proposed by the Committee of Ways and,
Means. Or if he cannot or will not do better, let
him anticipate the July interest by apt] or Con-
gress, if he has not the power now, which* wilt
take from the sub-Treasury the excess of goTd now
complained of. * • -
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there were no other than
the mere political objection, if you choose So,to
call it, it would be sufficient to my mind. It is
the worst policy, it is the'most dangerous'and
alarming of measures, to clothe any^mgrr Ti$th
enormous power over the currency of the coun-
try. The President of the United States now has
in his right hand thesword,and through tire Sec-
retary of the Treasury he has in his left hand the
purse; and therefore stands completely the im-
personation of despotism. If he chooses to ex-
ercise that power, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can now create, manufacture, and dispose
$1,000,000,000 of paper money, tt,is now pro-
posed to give him the whole control of the gold
of the country. I never before heard a proposi-
tion so astounding, that the Secretary of the treas-
ury shall throw himself into the bedlam of New
York and among the " bulls"and " bears'* of its
money market. I have the greatest respect for
the Secretary of the Treasury. I served in Con-
fress with him several years ago, and observed
is public acts. I believe him to be an honest
man; but 1 say now, more rigorously than I did
the other day, I never in my whole political life
saw a mah so surrounded with thieves and rob-
bers in every part of the country as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I instanced the case of the
maker of the public money, Spencer M. Clarke,
and I am amazed that the other side of the House
has not called for a committee of investigation on
the subject. I can go on and name a dozen of
men, standing high in the Republican as well as
in the Democratic party, that neither a Repub-
lican nor a Democrat would trust with the ar-
rangement of his own private affairs.
Yet we now propose to give the Secretary of the
Treasury the power over the gold market of the
country, to buy at will, to speculate at will. His
every breath is to be a breath of gold; his every
movement is to be a movementof gold; and it will
be worth while to see with whom he talks and to
speculate upon his action. The whole property
of the country is to be placed in the hands of one
man, and that man the Secretary of the Treasury.
He is to be clothed with the whole power over
the currency of the country. It strikes me as a
monstrous proposition from the beginning to the
end.
1 know the pressure broughtto bearupon hon-
orable gentlemen on the other side. A pressure
has been made upon me by my constituents. I
know some of them will disapprove of the remarks
I make to-day, but in four months hence they will
think differently and indorse every word I say.
I implore you then, gentlemen of every polit-
ical party, to hold fast as you can to the specie
basis. Throw not open the gold market and let
not gold rush through the sluice-ways to Europe,
as it will under this resolution. Let there be, at
least, a gold dollar to stand upon as a pledge for
action hereafter, in that better day when the coun-
try will resume specie payment and paper vanish
as into thin air.
ENROLLMENT BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the enrollment bill. 1 send
the report to the Clerk's table, and when it shall
have been read I will make some explanations in
regard to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by the
Clerk that the papers are now in the possession
of the Senate, and according to practice a con-
ference report cannot be made until the papers are
returned to this House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I supposed the papers were
here. 1 withdraw the report.
SALE OF GOLD BY THE GOVERNMENT—AGAIN,
Mr. GARFIELD. I propose to detain the
House but a few moments on the question before
if, as al! 1 wish to do is to state, as it seems to me,
as cleaily as possible, conditions of the proposi-
tion as they exist in the resolution.
By the presentlawgold can come into theTreas-
ury of the United Suites through the customs and
