mm.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hi
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong..;Mel Sbss.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That cadets
found deficient at any examination shall not be
continued at the -Military Academy, or be reap-
pointed except upon the recommendation of the
academic board.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no part
of the money hereby appropriated shall be ap-
plied to the support or pay of any cadets here-
after appointed riot in conformity with the ex-
press provisions of law regulating appointments
of cadets at that Academy.
Approved, April 1, 1864.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act to increase the Pension
of the Revolutionary Pensioners now on the
Rolls of the Pension Office.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of one hundred dollars per annum
to each of the surviving soldiers of the Revolu-
tion, now on the pension rolls, during their nat-
ural lives, in addition to the pensions to wh'ich
tliey are now entitled under former acts of Con-
gress; said payment to date from, and commence
on, the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four,"and to cease at their death.
Approved,.April 1, 1864.
Chap. XLVII.—An Act relating to Acting As-
sistant Paymasters in the Navy, and regulat-
ing the appointment of Cadets in the Naval
Academy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That whenever the President of the
"United States shall nominate any acting assistant
paymaster in the volunteer naval service, un ac-
count of his faithful, diligent, and efficient dis-
charge of duty in the volunteer service, to be an
assistant paymaster in the Navy, it shall be no
objection to his appointment and confirmation
that he is over twenty-six years of age: Pro-
vided, That he be not over thirty years of age:
And provided further, That the- number of pay-
masters and assistant paymasters, as authorized
by law, be not increased thereby.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatthestu-
dents of the Naval Academy, when examined for
admission thereto, shall he between the ages of
fourteen and eighteen years.
Approved, April 1, 1864.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act to provide for the better
organization of Indian Affairs in California.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That, from and after the first day of
April, anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, the State of California shall, for Indian pur-
poses, constitute one supenntendency,for which
there shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, a superintendent of Indian
affairs for said superintendericy, at a salary of
three thousand six hundred dollars per annum,
who shall reside at a point within said State, to
be selected by the Secretary of the Interior, and
who, upon executing a bond, upon such terms
and such sum as may be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and talcing the usual oath
of office, shall have under his control and man-
agement, in like manner and subject to like rules
and regulations as are prescribed for superin-
tendents of other superintendences, the Indians
and Indian reservations that are or may hereafter
be established in said State: Provided, That the
superintendent shall be authorized to appoint a
clerk, at a compensation not to excced eighteen
hundred dollars per annum.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That there
shall be set apait by the President, and at his
discretion, not exceeding four tracts of land,
within the limits of said State, to be retained by
the United States for the purposes of Indian res-
ervations, which shall be of suitable extent for
the accommodation of the Indians of said State,
and shall be located as remote fiom white settle-
ments as may be found practicable, having due re-
gard to their adaptation to the purposes for which
they are intended: Provided, That at least one
of said tracts shall be located in what has here-
tofore been known as the northern district: And
provided further, That if it shall be found im-
practicable to establish the reservations, herein,
contemplated without embracing improvements
made within their limits by white persons law-
fully there, the Secretary of the Interior is here-
by authorized and empowered toconft-act for the
purchase of such improvements, at a price not
exceeding a fair valuation thereof, to be made
under his direction. But no such contract shall
be valid, nor any rfioney paid thereon, until,
upon a report of said contract and of said valu-
ation to Congress, the same shall be approved
and the money appropriated by law for that pur-
pose: And provided further, That said tracts to
be set apart as aforesaid may, or may not, as Sn
the discretion of the President may be deemed
for the best Interests of the Indians to be pro-
vided for, include any of the Indian reservations
heretofore set apart in said State, and that in case
any such reservation is so included, the same
may be enlarged to such an extent as in the opin-
ion of the President may be necessary, in order
to its complete adaptation to the purposes for
which it is intended.
Sf.c. 3. And be itfurther enacted, Thatthe sev-
eral Indian reservations in California which shall
not be retained for the purposes of Indian reser-
vations under the provisions of the preceding
section of this act,shall, by the Commissioner of
the Genera] Land Office, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, oe surveyed into lots or
parcels of suitable size, and as far as piacticable
in conformity to the surveys of the public lands,
which said lots shall, under his direction, be ap-
praised by disinterested persons at their cash
value, and shall thereupon, after due advertise-
ment, as now provided by lav/ in case of other
public lands, be offered for sale at public outcry,
and thence afterward shall be held subject to sale
at private entry, according to such regulations as
the Secretary ofthe Interior may prescribe: pro-
vided, That no lotshall be disposed of atless than
the appraised value, nor at less than one dollar
and twenty-five cents peracre: And provided fur-
ther, That said sale shall be conducted by the
register and receiver ofthe land office in the dis-
trict in which such reservation or reservations
may be situated, in accordance with the instruc-
tions of the Department regulating the sale of
public lands.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That the
President of the United Stales be, and he is here-
by, authorized, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint an Indian agent
for each of the reservations which shall be es-
tablished under the provisions of this act, which
said agent shall reside upon the reservation for
which he shall be appointed, and shall discharge
all the duties now or hereafter to be required of
Indian agents by law, or by rules and regulations
adopted, or to be adopted, for the regulation of
the Indian service, so far as the same may be
applicable. Each of the agents appointed as
aforesaid shall, before entering upon the duties
of his office, give bond in such penalties and with
such conditions and such security as the Presi-
dent or Secretary of the Interior may require,
and shall hold his office for the term of four
years, unless sooner removed by the President,
and shall receive an annual salary at the rate of
eighteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 5. And^be it further enacted, That there
may be appointed, in the manner prescribed by
law, for each of said reservations, it'in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Interior the welfare of
said Indians shall require it, one physician, one
blacksmith, one assistant blacksmith, one farmer,
and one carpenter, who shall each receive com-
pensation at rates to be determined by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, not exceeding fifty dollars
per month.
Sec. 6. And be itfurther enacted, That here-
after, when it sh.ill become necessary to survey
any Indian or other reservations, or any lands,
the same shall be surveyed under the direction and
control of the General Land Office, and as nearly
as may be in conformity to the rules and regula-
tions under which other public landsat;e surveyed.
Sec. 7. And be itfurther enacted, That all In*
dian agents shall reside at their respective agen-
cies, and shall in no case be permitted to visit
the city of Washington except when ordered to
do so by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
And it is hereby made the duty of the said Com-
missioner to report all cases of the violation of
this section to the President, with the request that
the agents disregarding the provisions herein con-
tained be at once removed from office.
Sec. 8. And be itfurther enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts in conflict with the provisiona of
this act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed;
and all offices and employments connected with
Indian affairs in California not provided for in
this act be, and the same are hereby, abolished.
Approved, April 8, 1864.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act to incorporate the Union
Gaslight Company of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stated of America in Congress
assembled, ThatSaylesJ. Bowen, William Elmer,
William Bates, Robert W7 Milbank, Andrew M.
Kinney, William H. Baldwin, Z. D. Gilman, D;
C. Forney, S. P. Brown, John Green, and. Ga-
maliel Gay, and their^associates and assigns, be,
and they are hereby,'created a body corporate,
under the name of The TJnion Gaslight Com-
pany of the District'of Columbia, with authority
to manufacture and sell gas, to be made of coal,
zinc, oil, tar, pitch, peat, turpentine,or otherma-
terial, and to be used in lighting the city of Wash-
ington and the streets thereof, and any buildings,
manufactories, or houses therein situated, and to
lay mains and pipes for the purpose of conducting
gas in any of the avenues, streets, lanes, or alleys
ofthe said city: Provided, however, That the said
company shall so conduct the manufacture, and
lay said mains and pipes, as not to create a nui-
sance or injure either private or public property:
And provided, further, That the said mains and
pipes shall be laid subject to such conditions and
in compliance with such regulations as may be
prescribed by the municipal authorities of the
city of Washington; and the right to erect and
establish any buildings, apparatus, Or machinery
for the manufacture of gas, shall be subject to
such regulations and restrictions as may be from
time to time prescribed by the said municipal
authorities of Washington.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock ofthe said company shall not be less than
five hundred thousand, nor more than one million
dollars, and that the said stock shefll be divided
into shares of onehundred dollars each,andshall
be deemed personal property and be transferable
in such manner as the by-laws of said company
may direct.
Sec. 3, And be itfurther enacted, That within
six days after this act is approved by the Presi-
dent ofthe United States, the corporators named
in the first section, or a majority of them, or, if
any refuse or neglect to act, then a majority of
the others, shall cause books of subscription to
the capital stock of said company to be opened
and kept open in some convenient place in the
city of Washington, from nine o'clock in the fore-
noon till three o'clock in the afternoon, for a pe-
riod- of not less than three days, and as much
longer as the said corporators shall prescribe, and
the said corporators shall give public notice of the
time and place of opening said books of subscrip-
tion, by advertisement thereof in the daily papers
published in the city of Washington, and sub-
scribers to the capital stock of said company shall
be held to be stockholders: Provided, That every
subscriber shall pay at the time of subscribing
twenty-five per centum of the amount subscribed
by him to the treasurer, who shall be appointed
by the said corporators to receive the same, or
his subscription shall be null and void.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That when
the minimum amount of the capital stock of said
company, as prescribed in the second section,
shall have been subscribed, and twenty-five per
centum thereof paid as aforesaid, the said corpo-
rators, or a majority of them, and in caseany re-
fuse-to act, then a majority of the others, shall,
within fifteen days thereafter, call the first meeting
of the stockholders of said company, t® be held
