1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made in Commi ttee of the Whole, i n another \ iew
of the case, it would then be in order to amend
the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot conceive why the
Senator from Rhode Island opposes the increased
duty on this article because it is produced in his
Stale. It is not consumed in his State, if pro-
duced there. The people of California will pay
tSe 10 per cent, tax if it is imposed; the people
of the West and the people of the East that use
the article will pay it. 1 apprehend that the State
of Rhode Island, while they make more of this
article, use less than perhaps-any other State in
the Union The reason for imposing this in-
creased tat, I think, is a very good one. The
peculiarity of the question is this: that this com-
pany have, by a patent process, produced an ar-
ticle that has superseded all others in use. They
produce what is known by mechanics as the gim-
let-pointed screw; none otheris used or has been
used since they have been produced, or to any ■
great extent. No aperture has to be made when
it i3 inserted in a piece of wood; it makes the
aperture aa it is turned into it; and the saving of
labor in thus inserting it in any mechanical article
of production is so great that the percentage added,
if you add 10 per cent., will be as nothing to the
consumption. The manufacturers do not pay this
tax. There is not a single reason why this arti-
cle should not bear the tax. If the object is to
get money, and the object in getting money by
taxation is to diffuse the burden and make it as
light as possible by making it universal, or nearly
universal, you cannot adopt a better means of
doing that than by increasing the tax on these
wood screws, so called. I happen to know sorne-
thingabout them,and I cannot conceive that there
is any reason in the Senator's objection to this
increase of tax because the articlc is produced in
his State. I regard the invention, simply in its
character, as one of the greatest that has ever been
made in America, and I think the eompany that
is producing the article, or those who are its in-
ventors, are entitled to great consideration; but
they have become immensely wealthy, and that
is all right, by the use of their invention. The
community has been benefited, and the Govern-
ment can now be benefited by adding a small per-
centage to an article of almost universal use and
consumption. The consumers will pay this tax.
The Senator from Rhode Islandshould notobjeet
simply because the screws are made in Rhode
Island.
Mr ANTHONY. 1 can pardon the Senator
from California for not comprehending why I do
not wish an interest in my State to be taxed 10
per cent., for 1 was utterly unable to comprehend
why he would not consent to have an interest
in his State taxed 1 per cent.; and as I could not
understand his reason, I shall excuse him for not
understanding mine. But I hope, Mr. President,
that men will not be punished because by the use
of their mechanical skill, their ingenuity, their
capital, they have saved money and have become
rich. I hope men will not be punished for bene-
iitingthe community. I am perfectly willing that
this article shall be taxed. The manufacture is
very profitable, although not nearly as profitable
as Senators think, because the stock in the hands
of many of the present owners cost its full value.
I may be mistaken—I would not like to say posi-
tively—but I do not believe the stock divides more
than 10 or 12 per cent, on the capital invested in
it at present prices, and much of it lias passed at
those priccs. I do not know accurately the value
of the stock or the dividend; I never owned a dol-
lar of it. I am willing that my constituents should
bear their share of taxation.
Mr. GRIMES. How much money does the
stock now represent?
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot tell. A million
or more.
Mr. COWAN. How much have they saved
the nation by cheapening screws'
Mr. ANTHONY. They have saved the na-
tion by cheapening screws half of what the screws
cost.
Mr. CONNESS. When T was up I stated that
I was at a loss to know a good reason for trie op-
position of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island to the proposed increase of tax, because
the article was manufactured in his State. He
lcsponds to me, as he doubtless thinks very clear-
ly and very smartly, by saying that he is not as-
tonished when I cannot perceive a reason for tax-
ing an interest in my State 1 per cent.
Now, Mr. President, permit me to say to the
honorable Senator thatit is not worthy of his gen-
eral acumen if he cannot see the difference between
levying any amount of tax if it were 40 per cent,
upon screws, and 1 per cent, upon the article of
gold. The argument is contained m onesentence,
namely, that the usages and laws of the civilized
world have established the value of gold and silver,
and no tax that you can impose upon it will en-
hance or increase its value. Therefore the tax,
whatever it is,is paid by the possessor of the gold
and silver. AH you have got to do to take all the
gold and silver that any man has is to multiply
your tax a given number of times, and you get it
all, for each time that you tax it you take a part
of it away. That is the fact in regard to gold,
and I am sorry the Senator cannot perceive it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps I could if there
was a mine of gold in our State. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, there is too
much of this kind of legislation here, and too
much of this kind of opinion. The honorable
Senator replies to me by saying that perhaps he
could if they had a mine of gold and silver in his
State. I honor the State of Rhode Island for its
productions, and its people for their intelligence
and their industry, and I have no motive that goes
to taxing any product because it is a product of
that State. But the logic of this case is against
the 'Senator. The 5 per cent, or 10 per cent,
that is added to the price of these screws, as I be-
fore said, is paid by me when I buy a paper of
them for consumption, paid by every mechanic in
America; nay, it is paid abroad, becausc they are
exported very largely, nothing being produced in
the world equal to them. Now, I cannot seeany
similarity in the two cases, and I am sorry that
the perceptions of the Senator were not equal to
my own simple perceptions on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable chair-
man whether there is a tax of 10 per cent, on any
other manufacture except this?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was one on one
article, but that we reduced to 5 per cent. I do not
remember the aiticle now.
Mr. GRIMES. We put thirty-five cents on
tobacco manufactured in the Senator's own State
of Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know you did. I was about
to say that if there is not a tax of this amount
on manufactures of the same description—1 mean
mechanical manufactures— I should be unwilling
to discriminate. There is no ground to discrim-
inate, because people have grown rich.
Mr. SHERMAN, and others. Jewelry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Jewelry has been reduced
to 5 per cent, on the motion of the Senator from
New Jersey, .[Mr. Ten Evck,] I think.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts who proposed this amendment to
make the tax on this particular manufacture 10
per cent., that perhaps if he would go a little fur-
ther and make it 10 percent, on ail manufactures
he would raise about as much money as we want.
I think he intimated the other day that he was
willing to increase the tax on manufactures gen-
erally; anil certainly in regard to manufacturers;
who are now doing remarkably well and making
money, there is just as much reason for taxing
them 10 per cent, as there is for taxing this par-
ticular manufacture 10 percent.
I think it will be found perhaps in the end that
the anticipation of revenue from the bill, as it
stands, will be disappointed; i* will not produce
as much as we want. The estimate, 1 understand,
is about two hundred and forty or two hundred
and fifty millions. That estimate will be realized,
and perhaps more than realized, if the tax upon
those manufactures which are known to be pros-
peious, the woolen manufactures, and others of
that description, should be increased to 10 per
cent. It seems to be admitted by the chairman
that unless the tax is carried to a great extent—
and the admission is no doubt correct—there will
be no loss in pointof fact to the manufacturer, be-
cause he will charge the additional cost to which
he is subjected by the tax to his customer; and if
that is true of the manufacturer of screws, it will
be equally true of the manufacturer of other com-
modities which the public want, arid which they
must have. We want the money; no doubt about
that. Wc shall want all the money we can get
that can be derived from a system of taxation
which may not go to the extent of depressing man-
ufactures or causing the whole loss to fall en the
manufacturers. If the honorable member, there-
fore, proposes to follow up his amendment by an
amendment of the same description on other prof-
itable manufactures, I should vote with him; but
I cannot agree to take this alone and leave the
others to stand at 5 per cent, or less.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the Senator
from Maryland that the reason why I made this
motion was that I tlmughtthis company, thath?is
the monopoly of this manufacture in the country,
could well afford to paya lax of 10 per cent., that
the article was one of general and universal con-
sumption, and it was a good subject upon whicK
to raise the tax imposed by the House of Reprfe:
sentatives, 10 per cent. I understand that the
members from Rhode Island in the House W
Representatives were very well satisfied with t'hU
as it stood. I thought this article stood very
much like whiskyor tobacco, and could afford to
pay a higher lax than the average of other man-
ufactures. Therefore I propose to put this a( 10
per cent. I am willing to increase the duties on,
manufactures generally; at any rate I would be
willing to vote to raise them to 7 per cent., and I
am inclined to think I shall make that motion
before we are through. In fact I have two or
three small amendments that I propose to move,
with a view of adding to the revenue, but I cer-
tainly hope this amendment will be adopted, and
that the others wilt, and I think we can'add from
seventy-five to one hundred million dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. If t understand it aright
this clause stood 10 per cent, in the House bill.
Wc have never altered it.
Mr. WILSON. The committee altered it.
Mr COLLAMER. We have never accepted
the report. Let a separate vote be called upon it.
Mr. WILSON. Very well, and therefore I
drop it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Wilson.) Call
for a separate vote now.
Mr. WILSON. Very well. I call for a sep-
arate vote on concurring in the Senate in the
amendment made in committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate, in Commit-
tee of the Whole, adopted the amendment of the
Committee on Finance to reduce this tax from 10
to 5 per cent. We arc now in the Seriate,and the
question is whether the Senate will concur with
the Committee of the Whole. That is the mode
m which I want this question put. There is a
difference between this arid manufactures gener-
ally, as it is very easy to show. It may be very
proper to increase the tax here, but it does riot
follow that it would be proper elsewhere. I have
no particular opinion about it. If the Senate de-
termine to fix it at 10 per cent., so be it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. The bill is still open to
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. I call for a sepa-
rate vote now on the question of concurring in
this amendmentof the Committee of the Whole.
The PRESlDENTpro tempoie. The question
is, will the Senate concur in the ameridmentmade
in Committee of the Whole, striking out " 10"
and inserting " 5 per cent."as the rate of dut^on
wood sciews?
The question was put, and it was declared that
the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that vote was not
understood, the form of the motion having been
changed. I ask for a division. I think Senators
voted under a misunderstanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question again on, concurring in the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nuys.
The yeas and nays were oidcred; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, riays 19; ua follows: .
yfiAS — Messrs. Auttiony, Buck,dew, Ulork. Cowan,
Fesncudcn, Hams, Henderson, Howard, MeDoilgaU, Mor-
gan, Van Winkle, and Willey—12.
NAYS— Messrs. liiown, Carhle, Chandler, Collamer,
Uonness, Font, Grimes, ll-ui.m, Hendricks, Johnson, Pom-
nroy, Powell, Ramsey, Ricliard&on, Sherman, Sumner, Ten
Ejck, Wade,arid Wilson—19. . „
ABSENT—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, Hale,
Hardin", flicks, llowe, Lane of Indiana, Lane ol Kansas,
MomlL Nesmitit, Riddle, Sanisbury, yprague, riumball,
Wilkinson, and Wright—18.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
