73®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
ill the last two or three years—I am not able to
state tbedateexactly—a.law was passed authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to receive gold
coinon depositat four per cent, interest, for which
he was to issue certificates that could be used for
certain purposes. 1 have an impression pn my
r i« d that the„Secretary has reported to this House
at. some period that in . this way some forty or
fifty millions had been deposited in the Treasury
of the United Statesi, for which certificates had
been issued. I desire.to ask toy colleague whether
there is any such loan, and if so whether it has
ever been paid hack in whole or in part?
M*. HOOPER. So far as my knowledge goes,
there was in the spring of 1862 a large amount of
demand notes in circulation, whiffh were receivable
for publicdues. There was, as the gentleman from
Ohio may recollect, an insufficiency of gold com-
ing, into the Treasury to meet the demands forin-
terest on the public debt. And 1 think that in
January, 1862, or later 
Mr. PENDLETON. Not later than 1863.
Mr. HOOPER. In January, 1862, there was
a loan made. I do not recollect the amount, but
my impression is that it did not exceed five or six
million dollars. It was to bridge over the period
till these demand notes would become exhausted,
and till the duties should be paid in gold. All
that loan, I understand, has been paid back. It
was made from the banks in gold. Certificates,
payable in gold, were issued, and they have been
all paid many months since. We have now got
to the period where the receipts of gold are in
excess of'the wants of the Government.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I
think it is desirable that a question of the mag-
nitude of this one should be discussed on its mer-
its, and in no factional or partisan spirit. I do
not mean to say that any gentleman oil either
side of the House has indulged in any such spirit.
But I do think that if there is any question of
importance, next to that of the war itself, it is
that question which this resolution necessarily
opens up for consideration and discussion. There-
fore, sir, in what 1 propose to submit to the
House, I shall make an effort to take a view of
this immediate question and of the system of
finance out of which this proposition necessarily
grows, which shall not reflect personally cither
on the Secretary of the Treasury or on the Pres-
ident.
This, sir, according to the advocates of the prop-
osition, is a temporary expedient. The propo-
sition, as reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, without the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, is to authorize that
officer to put into the market any part of the
$18,000,000 in gold now on hand in the Treasury
whieh may not Ue required for the payment of
interest; and the grounds on which the two gen-
tlemen who advocate the adoption of the resolu-
• tion and who are attached to the Committee of
Ways and Means support it are that it is neces-
sary to relieve the money market. Now, Mr.
Speaker, without referring to the novel proposi-
tion that the Congress of the United States is to
regulate the money market of this country, with-
out alluding to the fact that it is unprecedented,
especially in time of war, for the Congress of the
United States to pass its time in proposing tem-
porary expedients to affect the money market in
Wall street, what are the facts with regard to
the money market itself at this time? Sir, 1 re-
ferred this morning to the money articles of three
of the leading newspapers of New York of yes-
terday. The money article of the New Yoik
Herald says:
"Money continues plenty, much more so than suits the
wishes of lenders, who an; lorced to hcek cnHomei* at six
per cent., and in some instances even less rates are ac-
cepted."
The money article of the New York World of
yesterday says:
" New York, February 16—The deposits in the hanks
are increasing, and the amount of capital seeking emnloy-
montm touipurary loans Is largely in e.*ces  of the de-
mand. Tin- market rate for first-class loans is six per
cent., and exceptional transactions are made at five ncr
cent." '
But, sir, we have another authority, which I !
think the gentlemen on the other side will not '
disregard, the New York Tribune:
Money is inert: and at s-ix per cent, the
ply far exceeds the demand, mid at an oarly hout in itie
day it was apparent that than six pur cent, must br>
aeeoptcd or lurye balance bo Icit i<H<\ Everyday adds to
the volume of the cuneaey through the issue of national
bank notes and the five per cent. Treasury notes, and
there is no indication of any change in'the financial wants
of the Government by which a reduction can be made of
the paper money upon which values now float. The legal
tmideiss are to be withdrawn, and the credits based upon
them mint be reduced at a fufuuj day; but that f-tcp will
plainly be preceded by a funher expansion of national
currency and Treasury notes, under which values of com-
modities will be inflated. The Government is getting all
the money it needs at five per cent, per annum, payable in
currency, and until the military position changes there is
little reason to suppose that a new policy will be adopted."
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, the principal ground
on which it is attempted to justify the passage of
this joint resolution is, in my judgment, not
founded on a basis whieh this House and Con-
gress should regard for an instant, because it is
not the fact. Why, sir, were it the fact that we
had astringent money market I would hail it with
pleasure. It is the reverse of a stringent money
market that the people have to fear; it is that in-
flation to which my colleague has made reference;
it is expansion; it is high prices of all kinds of
commodities; it is the prodigal expenditure not
only of public money but of the private money
of the country, leading to extravagance, leading
to corruption, leading the public mind astray from
the great public interests of the country, which
makes it for the interest of speculators and public
plunderers to continue the vigorous prosecution
of the war that enables them thus to keep up the
inflation of the currency of the country.
I say, therefore, that were it true that the money
market was stringent, that "money was tight,
that fact would operate as a wholesome check to
the reckless, downward course of this Govern-
ment and this people under this intoxication of
an expanded currency.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is a mere temporary
expedient, according to the arguments which have
been adduced in its favor; it is merely for a tem-
porary purpose rendered necessary to sustain'a
policy which is utterly wrong in principle that
this Administration is pursuing in its financial
course. I hold that it is pursuing a policy which
no sensible gentleman or merchant would pursue;
that it is in utter disregaid of the plain, common
principles of self-security and safety.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Pendleton,] from the Committee of Ways and
Means, has told you the amount of gold expend-
itures required to meet the necessities of the Gov-
ernment before the 1st of July next. In answer
to that, his colleague [Mr, Garfield] told you
that according to the average amount of gold re-
ceived into the Treasury from customs the Gov-
ernment would be more than able to meet the
$25,000,000 required to meet the gold interest that
will have accrued on the public debt before tlie
1st of July next. He has made reference to the
fact that from four to five hundred thousand dol-
lars have been received from customs in gold in
a single day.
That, sir, was an isolated instance. I have
before me an estimate of the entire amount of
gold receipts into the Treasury from customs in
the last four months. The whole amountfrom Oc-
tober 1 to February 13 was less than $26,000,000;
while the whole amount that will become due
payable in gold—including $5,000,000 that will
become due on the 3d of March for interest on
one-year certificates—up to the 1st of July next
is §38,150,000.
Therefore, if the Secretary of the Treasury acts
under this proposed legislation and puts this
eighteen or nineteen millions of gold into the mar-
ket, he will place himself m the position of being
compelled to go into the marketagain to purchase
gold or fail to meet the public liabilities of the
Government ns they become due.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman will allow me
to interrupt him for a moment to make an expla-
nation in reference to'the statement he has just
made as to the amount of gold received from cus-
toms in the last four months, going to show that
it is not an exact criterion by which to judge of
the future, it will be recollected that in the last
four months a very considerable amount of de-
mand notes have been received from customs, but
the demand notes have now nearly all returned
to the 1 reasury, so that in future those receipts
will be all in gold, and the amount thus received
very considerably increased.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The duties for
the four months to which I have referred are re-
ported as follows:
October  §0,238,943
November  5,075.846
December  5,748jlS9
January  6,180,356
FubruaryG  1,171,901
Felnuary 13  1,785,101
Now,Mr. Speaker, I submitthat no individual
in the ordinary transaction of his own private af-
fairs, if he had notes to pay within the coming
four months to the extentof $25,000,000, and had
in his possession money and securities to that
amount, and had no other resources by which to
meet his accruing obligations, no rational, sensi-
ble, intelligent man of ordinary capacity, under
such circumstances, would, I say, part with his
only reliance upon whieh he can maintain his
credit and take up his notes. And, sir, this whole
system of Government finance is no mystery.
The same simple principles which apply to the
ordinary affairs and transactions of life, even to
the smallest and minutest degree, apply to Gov-
ernments dealing in their thousands of millions
of dollars. Sir, you cannot meet an obligation
of #100,000,000 except you have property to meet
it with, unless you borrow the money or get it in
some other way. In other words, if the expenses
of the war arc $1,000,000,000 you have got to
have a revenue of that amount or to borrow it.
And that leads me, Mr. Speaker, to a consid-
eration of the fallacious system upon which the
finances of the country are now being conducted.
We have had other wars in Christendom. We
have had expensive wars. We have had wars
costing $100,000,000 a year. The system of
finances attempted to be adopted here is not new
in the history of the woild. It is asold as Chris-
tendom; and whatever merit there is in the present
financial system, no man now living can claim the
originality of the invention.
Sir, paper money was established originally
under Charles I." Previous to his time, when a
monarch found himself in a strait, his resource
was not to paper money, it was to debase the coin
of the country, and give an official stamp to the
representative of value by depleting the intrinsic
value contained in the coin itself. Charles 1 ori-
ginated paper money. What was the consequence?
Charles II, whose administration was almost as
profligate as this, ended in bankruptcy, ruin, and
repudiation. Tliat was the result of the paper-
money enterprise in those days, and that will be
the result of the present application of the same
principle, I could go on with other historical
references on this subject, and show in every in-
stance that when a nation has attempted to sus-
tain such astounding expenditures by borrowing,
by disseminating its credit in lieu of gold, where
its expenditures are in greatexcess of its income,
it must, sooner or later, go to the wall and become
bankrupt.
The_ great Pitt rescued the British nation by his
financial system from utter financial ruin; and I
believe they have the same sound financial sys-
tem there now. Take her policy during the Na-
poleonic wars from 1812 to 1815; and it would be
a profitable study for the financiers of this House.
What was her policy in 1812? The whole ex-
penditures of Great Biitain at that time (she was
fighting the great Napoleon and one half of Eu-
rope and the United States of America) were
§450,000,000. And how did she raise it? Un-
der our present system they would have raised
$50,000,000 by taxation, and borrowed the rest.
Her expenses for 1812 were $450,000,000. She
raised by taxation $325,000,000, and borrowed
only $125,000,000, in 1813 her expenditures
were $783,000,000, and she raised by taxation
$345,000,000, and borrowed the rest. In 1814
her expenses weic §410,000,000, of which she
borrowed only $55,000,000. In 1815, at tiie
close of the period to which I refor, her expenses
wore $675,000,000: taxation, $360,01)0,000; loans,
$315,000,000. The population of Great Britain
at that time was about two thirds of what it is
to-day.
Now that was a system which maintains pub-
lic credit. Everybody here to-day is discussing
the question or rather the expediency of
into the market the paltry sum of $10,000,000 in
gold, just as it it would have any influence upon
thisgreat question. In legard to ourfjr>ances itia
nothing more than a drop of water in the bucket.
Mr. Speaker, we are rolling up here an expend'
