THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth CongPvEss, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1864.
New Series No.'4TV ;
iture for posterity to liquidate to the amount of
thousands of millions of dollars. It may be asked,
as the Hibernian did, "What has posterity done
for us, that we should care*for it?" We do not
care for it,because we intend to saddle it with an
incumbrance which it will be impossible to bear.
But posterity must sit in judgment upon the
transactions and events now occurring. Posterity
must pass its unprejudiced and disinterested ver-
dict upon what is being transacted in our day and
generation in this unfortunate country. Posterity,
not ourselves, must dispose of this groat public
debt which is rolling up at the rate of $1,000,-
000,000 per annum beyond the legitimate revenue
of the country.
But the ordinary expenses of this war, arising
partly from necessity, partly from corruption, are
so enormous that the question we are discussing
of the expediency or inexpediency of selling gold
is of very little account. In 1861 the currency of
this country consisted of $150,000,000 of bank
notes of all denominations; $50,000,000 of frac-
tional silver coin, and $40,000,000 of gold of all
denominations. That currency was ample for all
purposes at that time.
Three years ago next August our experiments
in paper money commenced, and we have already
issued $1,001),000,000 of currency. We have in
demand notes, payable in gold, $760,000,000. We
have in gieenbacks and legal tender ^450,000,000.
We have in two-year five per cent, legal tender,
$50,000,000. We have in one-year legal tender,
§90,000,000. Of postal currency we have $20,-
000,000; and of fractional currency legal tender,
§50,000,000. We have national currency, not
legal tender, issued by the new banks, $6,000,000.
Thus we have a total currency issued by the
Government, and including the issues of the old
banks, $1,000,000,000.
Now, Air. Speaker, is it not the bounden duty
of the Congress of the United States to make
some provision of a permanent character with
reference to this great question, instead of spend-
ing our time from day to day legislating upon
measures of trivial consequence? As was truth-
fully and eloquently said by my colleague [Mr
Kernan] the other day, why are we disregarding
the ruin staring us in the face, which must bring
this war to a speedy close whether we will or
not, by a collapse of the Treasury?
I tell gentlemen if they are to prosecute this
war, if they are to continue expenditures at the
rate of the last three yeais, the end is neater than
they expect. It may be that God, m the infini-
tude of His wisdom, may be working out this
great problem on the continent of America in a
way little suspected by us, the immediate actors
in tins sad tragedy now being performed before
the world.
I had lisen, Mr. Speaker, more for the pur-
pose of alluding to the great question than to the
immediate subject before the House, and to ex-
press the hope that at an early day tins man so
familiar with questions of finance, the Secretary
of the Treasury, whose name has been sounded
throughout Ametica as a successful financier,
may lind time from the duties not directly per-
taining to his Depat tment, to take up tlusgreater
question, the finances of the country, and propose
some systnn which shall enable us to sustain the
public cifdit; that he would, not relying upon the
success of our armies, or on the price of gold in
Wall stieet, devise some gieat system which will
satisfy the public creditor,assuring him of the
constant liquidation of the public debt, and the
prompt payment of its interest, so that he may
leave to posterity, as Alexander Hamilton left to
posteiity, a name that will live in history.
Mr. KASSON. In my judgment, the debate
upon this question has wandered somewhat Wide-
ly from the resolution offered by the Committee
of Ways and Means. 1 regret that the gentleman
last upon the floor from New Yotk [Mr. F.CR-
kan'DO Wood] should have seen fit, upon a practi-
cal ptpposition of this kind, which has not been
surpassed in pi aclital nnpoi tanee by any question
which has been presented to this House, to have
47
himself so far departed from the real question
before the House as to renew the peace proposi-
tions which, I believe, he has incorporated into
every speech which he has ad dressed to the House.
I differ, wide as heaven from the earth, from his
idea that because we do not accept that theory of
his, the public debt of the country is now being
increased to the magnitude and extent which we
all understand. I will so far depart from the
question, to which I shall soon return, as to say
that if that gentleman and his audience, which
though u select" is certainly "few," both in this
House and in the country, would lend their moral
power, their efforts, and their powers of eloquence
to unite the people of the North in solid phalanx
to suppress the rebellion by force of arms this
debt of ours would soon cease to accumulate, and
those soldiers with whom they profess so much
sympathy at this time would be permitted early
to return to their families and their homes.
But, sir, I ask again, coming back to the ques-
tion, what is this proposition before the House?
It is not to sell, as was suggested I believe by my
colleague on the Committee of Ways and Means
from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] the entire amount
of gold in the Treasury of the United States. On
the contrary, the discretion of the Secretary is
limited to selling the surplus on hand not needed
to pay the interest on the public debt and not
needed for other purposes; and that is the express
language of the lesolution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise meiely to correct
the impression which the gentleman seems to have
that 1 made an erroneous statement as to the read-
ing of this resolution. I understood it not to au-
thorize a sale of the whole amount of gold on
hand, but only of the surplus which the Secretary
of the Treasury may think he has on hand. Un-
derstanding the resolution as well as I did, I cer-
tainly did not mistake its provisions, and the
gentleman has deiived a wrong impression as to
the person from whom that statement came.
Mr. KASSON. That is probably the case;
but one of the gentlemen upon the other side of
the House who have opposed this resolution spoke
distinctly about giving the Secretary power to put
this seventeen or eighteen millions on the market
at once. The resolution is especially guarded in
that particular, and only gives the Secretary dis-
cretion to sell that which is not required by the
Government for the payment of interest on the
public debt and for other purposes.
And that brings me to the objection of the gen-
tleman fiom New Yoi k on my left, [Mi. Brooks,]
who declares that we are here proposing to per-
petrate a hieach of the public faith which has
been committed to the retention of every dollar
of gold received into the Treasury of the United
States for customs. I submit to the gentleman
that he is mistaken as to the character of the law.
The law, winch is before me, provides that the
coin so paid in shall be set apart as a separate
fund and applied first to the payment of interest,
secondly to the payment of one per cent, of the
public debt, and third that the residue thereof
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Now, this resolution does not propose to touch
one dollar of the coin in the Treasury which is
appropiiatcd specially for specific purposes, but
it only relates to the surplus that shall exist in
the Tieasury beyond the wants of the Govern-
ment as now established by written law, and the
discretion of the Secretary is limited to that ex-
cess, and does not extend to the coin which is
specially set apart and reserved by law.
So much, I think, will satisfy the mini! of any
gentleman as to the proposition of the Committee
of Ways and Means touching its conflict with
the public faith. Sir, there is no man m this
House who has a higher or deepei regard for the
preservation of the public credit than myself. I
will labor to sustain it, tax to sustain it, fight to
sustain it, and my voice will ever be lifted to sus-
tain it.
But the next objection runs against the ex-
tent of the discretion conferred. In reply I say
you cannot reach the remedy except by giving
this discretion. And nothing in the financial
career of that officer should lead us to distrust
his fidelity in the use of such a discretion. I
challenge any gentleman upon the floor of the
House to tell me in what solitary particular, in
the exercise of the large discretion gran ted to the
Secretary of the Treasury, he has ever violated
the pledges that existed by law or that existed in
understandings between him and the financial
people of the country. There is not a financial
man in or out of New York who will not say to-
day that the Secretary of the Treasury has faith-
fully and honestly observed every obligation he
has ever assumed in lus transactions with them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa if the Secretary of the Treasury
has not already, previous to this time, disposed
of gold from the Treasury, and in the manner in
which it is proposed to give him authority to do
it under this resolution ?
Mr, KASSON. Will the gentleman mention
the time or the fact to which he refers? Does he
make that charge ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know that I can
give the time, but I understand that he has here-
tofore thrown gold upon the market in the man-
ner proposed in this resolution.
Mr. KASSON. My answer is, first, that I
never understood such a thing, and do not believe
such a thing. If the gentleman knows it I ask
linn to state the authority on which he makes the
charge.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was so informed by one
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
yesterday. That gentleman is here now and can
speak for himself.
Mr. KASSON. I hope that if any gentleman
knows any fact of that kind he will state it. I
have no such knowledge.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from Iowa allow me to answer the inquiry
made on the other side of the House? In con-
versation with the Secretary of the Treasury I
learned 
Mr. KASSON. If my friend from New York
will allow me, perhaps I ought not to yield for a
quotation of private conversation with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, unless the gentleman's own
discretion guide him in that particular. I believe
that it is contrary to theusa^eof the House, Cer-
tainly the Committee of Ways and Means has
declined to refer to any such conversation.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The Secretary
informed me that not one dollar in gold from the
Treasury of the United States has ever been dis-
posed of contrary to that law.
Mr. KASSON. That concurs entirely with
my own opinion, information, and belief. I pro-
ceed to say that while this discretion, hitherto
vested in the Secretary of the Treasury, has been
by general consent, and so far as we know, used
for the best interests of the country, I can see no
objection to extending that discretion to the point
p roposed.
Mr. ALLEY. If my friend from Iowa will
allow mc, I will say that a few days ago I was
told by a gentleman who said he knew, that the
Secretary of the Treasury had in two or three in-
stances thrown into market a considerable amount
of gold; but 1 have since been informed by a high
officerof the Government who knows all the facts,
that nothing of the kind has ever occurred, and,
further, that there was no authority of law for
any such action, and no such sale was ever made.
Mr. KASSON. Again, sir, it comes to the
same point—that nobody knows anything about
it, and that the proper sources of authority have
denied the existence of any such fact.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I refer the gentleman to
one of the members of the Committee of Ways
and Means on the other side of the House, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Air. Hooper.]
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman will have the
[ goodness to state his question, I shall be very
happy to answer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know the fact,
