1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOKEJ
1783
sultation with Mr. Rives, the former propiietor
of the Globe, he submitted to the committer two
propositions, either one of which would be ac-
ceptable to him. The former was the most accept-
able. In a joint committee of the two Houses, the
committee were equally divided, three in favor of
one, and three in favor of the other. The com-
mittee, therefore, have directed'me to report to
the House the two propositions, in order that
the House might decide which of the two they
would'accept. J send them to the desk.
The Clerk road the propositions, as follows:
Globe Office,
Washington City, March 18, 1£61.
Sir: In compliance with your wish I will briefly state
what, i  the opinion ot the piopiictoi of the Olobe, should
bo the increase upon the compensation mnv paid to him
for reporting and printing the dftlmtes of Conure.«, to en-
able him to continue the woik, and to insure to Imn a fair
return upon the capital and for the labor involved in its
pro^ecuunn. Eilhei of the two folio wins; piopositiottMr* ac-
ceptable, though not equally MUisfUctoij, to him. I name
theiu in the order of his choice:
I. Congtess? to res-tore that ieature of ih agreement with
him which wan observed for eight yemafioiD it*-date, and
without notice to him at the clo*<> of the flis-t
M'-sion Thiify-Fouith Congiess, on the passage of tlie bill
changing the compensation of members, which agreement
provided foi the puieha&e from him of a complete set of
the Concessional Globe ami Appendix for each newmeui-
her who lud notbetoie icccived them. This provision gave
to lain .ill that he was to ree< ive in addition to such rates
of compensation a- had l><' m paid to the p.uties who had
repom-d and puttied the debater im several .years prioi to
1610, and who then tound thenw Ives unable to go on with
the wotk for the puce-- they weie roc'iving. It was then
that the ptoprietoi of tiie Globe, who Imd been printing
(unofficially) the C'oncie-^mnal Globe and Appendix for a
dozen yeais-, agKfd with Congito undeitake the report-
ing and pi hit in l; oi lis. d< bates at tlie same Kites which had
bc-'ii paid to the K'tuin^ conn actor*, ami the then very
Flujht addition to be denved fiom tlie >al<> of tlie back vol-
ume-, a-s nhcwMmmUomMl. Tie is to-day, and li.is been
foi several years past, doing this work—lurgelv increased
in volume—foi t!ui puce> upon which other paities failed
iu 1 ^IG i He believes that the furnishing of these back
volumes of his wink is as much a part ot hir> couuact as
is the furnishing of the cutreni h-sue. He bound the num-
ber—icjuinting and stereotyping at giear expense such as
had become exhausted—itquued lor tlie new members of
the Thiity Fomth (Jotigre^-, not doubling that he would
be called upon to .-uppiy them av u-unl; he iclt iiound to
do ilii-.; but he was noi penntued t-o furnish tliem, and the
volume- still lie heie tit hi*oll'ic 13is e/foit* (luting the
Tlttity-I Uth, Thuty-Hixth, andThiity-Seventii Congies^us
to have tliir- part of hi^ agiei mi'nt m.ide good have pi oved
unavailing, though h  1m- t\\ tee oiieted, and x- still will-
ing. to make a discount of twenty per cent, from the price
iieiCLofoiy paid Imn loi copies supplied. Consequently,
duung the last foil) Cougie«aei, the returns upon the out-
lay incident to the pso-eoution of this enfci pri.-e have been
gie<.«t1y inadequate; but the woik has been continued in
the belief that Congiess would finally do him justice; would
icstorc that which h.ul bijen taken from bun. But forth,h
belief (he reporting uvUjn inting of (he debates by Mi. Rives
would hare ceased several yeais ago.
Tins provMon r<Mon d. together with the renewal of the
payment of the oik- cent for evety five pa^es excess over
tlnei! tlmm-and (oi a long, and fifteen bundled lor a {"lion,
M>sion,-" (which wa- the estimated extent ot the woikat
tin' time Mi. Utvf- became ofucial reportei,butwhioh
limit ha-since berni ulni'M always lanieiv exceeded, so
mueli so r,hat Contness passed a law pioviding for the pay-
ment Oi tln-> pro lula ioi tins e.\< es-, and which was paid
lei ni a t«jw nivtaiK-es until the law was- lepcaled m 1860,
v/ithout any consultation wilh or notice to the p.uty whose
mteiests if so seriously atTected,) will enable the piopiie-
toi ot tlie Globe to continue, permanently, the icpoiting
and ptiimns the debatesm the piomptaudacceptablenniii-
nei whicli bos hcietofoiechaiacteiized his vvo.k.
II. Congress to pay an advance of fifty per cent, on the
prices now paid to the proprietor of the Gtobeforthe wotk
done by him ioi the two Houses. This increase will make
the pnee for reporting and printing the debates in the Daily
Globe $U 25 a column; and $0 a copy for the Oongie«.-
f.ional Globe and Appendix for a long session, and $4 50
a copy for a shoit session. Tills increase, to date liom the
beginning ot the cuirent (Tlmty-JSighth) Congioss, will
enable the lepoiter and printer of the debates to pioeeed
wilh the wotk, piobably, only temporarily.
The acceptance of The first proposition will place the
woik on a permanent ham} will not cost any moie than the
second, except, perhaps, for the present Congiess—-pioba-
bly something les.s herealtei— and will beat the same time a
^tep towaid the fulfill incut of a fail a^ieement between Con-
git'^:. and an employe who has never hesitated to incur any
expense whatever that the esteem les of the time have de-
manded tor the full and fcauslat toiy perfoimanee of Ins
duty.
I am, very re. pectfully,
GEORGE A. BAILEY,
Chief Cic'/k.
lion. Amcrosk W. Ci.akk, Chaii man Committee on Prnd-
i«g, .House of Rrjnacntutu-cs United Stales.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, in order that the House
may act understanding!y upon the subject, I will
state that the first proposition, if accepted, will
require an expenditure of about ninety-eight thou-
sand dollars.
It will be seen that the former proprietor made
these propositions, and they are acceptable to the
present owners. This report has been delayed
several days in consequence of the death of Mr.
Rives, his death being announced the very day
the report was to have been made. By the former
proposition the propiietor of the Globe requires
that the Congressional Globe shall be accepted
and paid for for all the present members of the
Senate and Delegates in the House of Represent-
atives who have not received copies of the same.
I find by an examination that there are thirty-
eight Senators now who have not received them
under the former anangement, and one hundred
and eighty-one members of the House, with nine
Delegates. This pioposition will require an ex-
penditure of $9,424 for the Senate, and $47,120
fur the House for the books alone. To that must
be added the increased pay of one cent for every
five pages of the excess of the former contract,
which provided for three thousand pages for a
long and fifteen hundred pages for a short session.
Taking the Thirty-Seventh Congress as a fair
average for the extent of the work, we find that
there was an excess of fifteen hundred "and four
pages over the contract stipulation. This excess
at one cent per each five pages produces the sum
of $42,000, which, added to the amountrequired
for the purchase of the Globes, would call for an
appropriation of $98,544.
The second proposition is to,perform the same
labor, (not furnishing the books,) at an ad-
vance of fifty per cent, upon the rates now allowed
him. The aggregate- amount paid Mr. Rives
for the Thirty-Seventh Congress was $133,550—
$59,956 for the Senate and $70,594 for the House.
Thus, to meet this increased expenditure it will
require an additional appropiiation of $06,775 for
the Thirty-Eighth Congress. The price charged
for the back numbers of the Globe is four dollars
per volume, being twenty percent, less than for-
merly paid for them. Although the former prop-
osition may seem to be more expensive than the
latter, still, under it you get two hundred and
nineteen full sets of the Globe from the Twenty-
Thhd Congress up to this- time, making sixty-
two volumes to each member. I now submit the
matter to the House, and ask that they shall take
action upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing has submitted
two propositions to the House', not both going
together. It occurs to me that theie would be
some difficulty in knowing how to act upon
them, and I suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing that perhaps the best course
would be to lecommit the subject to the com-
mittee, with instructions to report one or the other
of those propositions to the House.
Mr. A. w. CLARK. It is for that purpose
that we make this report.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will move, then, that the
subject be recommitted to theCommitree on Print-
ing, with instructions to repmta bil! providing
for carrying out the contract claimed to have been
made by the late Mr. Rives—the first proposition
reported. I think that that course ought to be
pursued by the House, becau.se it is evident to
my mind, and must be evident to the mind of
every member of the House, that that proposition
is the cheapest for the Government, and itis one,
1 know, that the pi ide of the old proprietor of the
Globe was closely connected with. He disliked
the idea of a gratuity made to him by Congress,
and was always anxious that he should be enabled
to go on with tlie Globe office, and with the per-
formance of this duty, by Congress simply com-
plying with its contract as made with him origin-
ally. I am anxious on that account that that
proposition shall be adopted instead of the latter
proposition.
I will move, therefore, if agreeable to the gen-
tleman from New York, that the subject be re-
committed to the Committee on Pi inting, with in-
structions to report a bill pioviding for the first
proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, Will the gentleman from
New Yoik yield to me for a single moment?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I will.
Mr. MORRILL. It is important that the
House should understand the proposition now
before it. I think it very clear that it is the duty
of tins Congress to do something in relation to
this matter. I am entirely satisfied that the woik
wiil not be continued unless something is done
on the part of Congress. 1 think it is a work
that is very creditable to the country. I know of
no reports.that are/made of the proceedings-'of
legislative bodies in any otherdandthatareatall
equal to those that are -made-at the Globe office.
In the promptness of their production, in 'the
fidelity of the reporters, .and the accuracy and
beauty of mechanical execution, the congressional-
debates deserve hjgh praise; :
If we adapt the opposition proposed-Vy jthe
gentleman from Kentucky, the additional ex«^
pense for the first yeair wirf be vetfy large',/tyjdre,;
as I understand, than it would be'uhd^r'the'othe^
proposition. But, as is suggested by thfe chair-
man of the Committee on Pointing, w'g shall, in
addition to 'having these repovts as usual, hate
these additional volumes for distribution.' -The
system of-making appropriations for volufti'eis ol1
these debates for the use of membefs of Congress*
has now been abandoned for something, I-lHink,"
like nine years. I'understand that there are in
the present House but three members whoTiave
received these debates. All tlie other Members
are new members. If this proposition should'
carry and these volumes should fee :taken ffom
the Grldbe office, I submit thra question to the
House, 'whether members could take tyemurfdfep
the existing law without refunding the pri'ce'to
the Treasury out of their pay. 1-think' that is
the present law, and'a- just and-proper taw' it is
also. * -
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will per-
mit ire, 1 think that objection can be very easily
obviated and the purpose that we contemplate be
accomplished by providing that each copy fur-
nished under the law for each member shall be
deposited in some public library in his-district.
That would deprive the tiling of the nature of a
private bequest of books to members of Congress,
and bring it from under the operationof the latf
to which the gentleman fvfrm Vermont refers.
If the gentleman will permit me, 1 will add that
from the expose made by the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, it occurred to me, and
must have occurred to the House, that the prop-
osition I made, if adopted, would becheaperand
more economical than the second proposition. 1
think the gentleman from Vermont labor# under
a mistake.
Mr. MORRILL.; If the gentleman wijl^allow
me to go on, I think 1 shall reach"a proper con-
clusion, and possibly we may not diner.
I suppose that the chairman of the Committee
on Printing has thoroughly investigated this mat-
ter, and would present the case to the House so
that they can understand which of the two prop-
ositions is the most economical. As I learned
from his speech, it is his impression that after
the first year it would be far more economical for
us to adopt the first proposition. If we can rid
it of the difficulty about its being a gift oi* appro-
priation to members of Congress and distribute
the volumes among the public libraries of the
country, I shall have no objection to it; 1 have
an objection, however, to any proposition that
will give to the members of this House'an op-
portunity to fill up their own private libraries)
from this or any other source. But I am clearly
of the opinion tnat we ought to do something, and
that speedily, in relation to this matter.
Mr. WINDOM. i did not quite understand
the gentleman from New York, and 1 wish to
know whether if we take the volumes already
published we have any assurance that we shall
not be called on hereafter for this additional pay-
ment?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I understand that the
present proprietors of the Globe are satisfied with
thisarrangementandare willing to carry it out, and
i f either party sees fit to abrogate the bargain; they
can do it by giving two years' notice. The pro-
prietors of the Globe say that under this first prop-
osition the work can be carried on; under the
second it cannot be relied on as a permanent ar-
rangement, butmust depend upon circumstances.
Mr. W1NDOM. Mr. Speaker, if we are to pay
$28,000 for back volumes, and then' to be called 4
on in a year or two to pay fifty per cent, to keep
it running, 1 prefer-to pay fifty per cent; now. 1 If
we can have any such contract as will avoid that
necessity hereafter, I think the first proposition
to be best if we can have any assurance on the
subjcct.
Mr. A. W, CLARXC. I have their assurance.
Mr. W1NDOM. Is it an assurance which will
be binding?
