1804.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
151
Laws of the United Stales.
38th Cons.... 1st Sess.
the decision of all questions as to the amount of
costs to lie paid by or to the complainants shall
be within the determination of the court at their
discretion, and according to the rules of equity
practiced in the courts of the United States^"
Sec. 7. Ami be it further enacted, That either
party may appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States from any final judgment or decree
which may be rendered by said circuit court in'
any case arising under the provisions of this
statute, where the amount-in controversy exceeds
three thousand dollars: Provided, That such ap-
peal shall be taken within ninety days after the
rendition of sucli judgment or decre%.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases of final judgmentsof dccrees bysaid circuit
court, or on appeal by the said Supreme Court,
where the same shall be affirmed' in favor of the
claimant, tlie sum due thereby shall be paid either
to the claimant or into the circuitcourt aforesaid,
as said judgment or decree may determine, by
the United States, out of the money appropri-
ated for the construction and maintenance of said
arsenal, on presentation to the Secretary of the
Treasury of a copy of said judgment or decree
signed by the presiding judge, and certified by
the clerk of the said circuitcourt. And such pay-
ment ska! I be a full discharge to the United States
for the compensation and damages ,due for the
taking of the lands, in respect of which the said
judgment or decree was rendered or made, and
shall forever bar any further claim or demand
against the United States arising outof the taking
of such land. And such payment, or the lawful
tender thereof, shall operate as, and shall be
deemed and held to be, a full and complete con-
veyance of the parcel or parcels of land for which
it was made to the United States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That every
claim against the United States for the taking of
land for public use as herein authorized, shall be
forever barred unless within three years from the
time of such taking, the claim for compensation
therefor shall be adjusted by agreement with the
Secretary of War, or be settled by an award of
the board of commissioners, or presented by com-
plaint or petition to the circuit court of the United
States in the district ib. which the land is situated:
Provided, however, That ^je claims of persons,
who at the time of the taking shall be under the
age of twenty-one years, married women, idiots,
lunatics, or insane, or beyond seas, shall not be
barred if their petition or complaint be filed in
said court as aforesaid, within three years after
tlie disability has ceased, but no disability other
than those enumerated shall prevent any claim
from being barred, nor shall any of the said dis-
abilities operate cumulatively.
Approved, April 19, 18G4.
Chap. LXl.—An Act fixing the date of the loss of
the United States Brig Bainbridge, and for the
Relief of the Officers, Seamen, and Marines of
tlie same, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of fixing the time
at which shall- commence the pensions, under
the existing laws, of the widows and orphan
children of the officers, seamen, marines, and
others in service who were lo&t in the United
States brig Bainbridge, as well as the time to
which the'pay of said officers, seamen, marines,
and others in the service shall be allowed, the
twenty-first day of August, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-three, shall be
deemed and taken to be the day on which the
paid brig Bainbridge foundered at sea.
Sec.2. Andbe it further enacted, That the widow
or child, or children, and in case there shall be no
widow, or child or children, as aforesaid, then
the parent or parents, and if there be no parents,
the brothers and sisters of the officers, seamen,
marines, and others in service, who were lost in
said brig Bambrtuge, slmll be entitled to and
receive, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated', a sum equal to twelve
months' pay of theirrespective deceased relations,
aforesaid, in addition to the pay due to the said
deceased at tho date of the to&s of said vessel.
Sec, 3. And ieii/itri/iereKacfe^ThtUthe^proiicr
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
be, and are hereby, authorized and directed to
settle the accounts of Charles C. Walden, late
acting assistant paymaster, in the Navyywho was
lostin the brig Bainbridge, with all his accounts
and vouchers for expenditures and payment made
by him, and with all the money, stores,, and sup-
plies procured for the use of said vessel, and to
allow him a credit for whatever sum appears to be
due from him on the books of the Department.
Approved, April IS, 1864.
Ciiap. LX1II.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to .establish and equalize the Grade
of Line Officers of the United States Navy,"
approved July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That no line officer of the Navy, upon
the active list, below the grade of commodore,
nor any other naval officer, shall be promoted to
a higher grade, until his mental, moral, and pro-
fessional fitness to perform all his duties at sea
shall be established to the satisfaction of a board
of examining officers to be appointed by the
President of the United States. And such board
shall have power to take testimony, the witnesses
when present to be sworn by the president of the
board, and to examine all matter on the files and
records of the Department in relation to any offi-
cer whose case shall be considered by them.
Sec. 2. Jin d be it further enacted, Thatsuch ex-
amining board shall consist of not less than three
officers, senior in rank to the officer to be exam-
ined.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any offi-
cer to be acted upon by said board shall have the
right to be present, if he desires it; and his state-
ment of his case, on oath, and the testimony of
witnesses, and his examination, shall be recorded.
And any matter on the files and records of the
Department touching each case, as may in the
opinion of the board be necessary to assist them
in making up their opinion, shall, together with
the whole record and finding, be presented to the
President for his approval or disapproval of the
finding. And no officer shall be rejected until after
such public examination of himself and the rec-
ords of the Department in his case, unless he fails
to anpear before said board after having been
duly'notified.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That no officer
in the naval service shall be prompted to a higher
grade therein, upon the active list, until he has
been examined by a board of naval surgeons, and
pronounceij physically qualified to perform all his
duties at sea. And all officers whose cases shall
have been acted upon by the aforesaid boards, and
who shall not have been recommended for promo-
tion by both of them, shall be placed upon the
retired list.
Sec. 5. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all officers
not recommended for promotion under the fourth
section of an act entitled "An act to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
States Navy," approved July sixteen, eighteen
Hundred and sixty-two, shall have the right to
present themselves for examination, according to
the provisions of this act, and if found duly quali-
fied, and such finding be approved by the Presi-
dent of the United States, they shall be promoted
to the same grade and place as if they had-been
recommended by tho board, and shall receive the
corresponding pay according to the service which
they have performed from the date of their rank
to that of their promotion. And no further pro-
motions shall be made upon the active list until
the number in each grade is reduced to that pro-
vided by law.
Sec. 6. Jlndbe it further enacted, That any officer
in the naval service, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, may be advanced, not ex-
ceeding thirty mimbers, in his own grade, for
distinguished conduct in battle, or extraordinary
heroism.
Sec. 7. Jlndbe it J urther enacted, That the Presi-
dentof the United Statesshall appoint paymasters
of the fleet and engineers of the fleet in the same
manner and with the same rank and pay as fleet
Burgeons; and the retired pay of surgeons, pay-
masters, engineers, and.other, staff officers in the
Navy shall be the same as that of the retired offi-
cers of the line of the Navy with wh&m they have
relative rank. ,
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts which are inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, April 21,1864.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act to amend an Act for en-
rolling and calling out the National Forces so
as to increase the Rank, Pay, and Emoluments
of the Provost Marshal General.
Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the rank, pay, and emoluments of
the Provost Marshal General, authorize* by sec-
tion five of said act, shall be those of a brigadier
general.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby
repealed.
Approved, April 21, 1864.
CgAF. LXV.—An Act to change the Name of the
District and Port of Presque Isle to the District
and Port of Erie.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the district of Presque isle, in the
State of Pennsylvania, shall hereafter be known
as the district of Erie, and the porfof Presque
Isle shall hereafter be known as the port of Erie.
Approved, April 21, 1864.
Chap. L.XVI.—An Act in amendment of an Act
entitled "An Act relating to Foreign Coins and
the Coinage of Cents at the Mint of the United
States," approved February twenty-one, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven. (
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That, from and after the passage of this
act, the standard weight of the cent coined at the
Mint of the United States shall be forty-eight
grains, or one tenth of one ounce troy; and said
cent shall be composed of ninety-five per centum
of copper, and five per centum of tin and zinc, in
such proportions as shall be determined by the
Director of the Mint; and there shall be from titne
to time struck and coined at the Mint a two-cent
piece, of the same composition, the standard
weight of which shall be ninety-six grains, or
one fifth of one ounce troy, with no greater devi-
ation than four grains to each piece of said cent
and two-cent coins; and the shape, mottoes, and
devices of said coins shall be fixed by the Di-
rector of the Mint, witb the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and the laws now in forcfe
relating to the coinage of cents and providing for
the purchase of material and prescribing the ap-
propriate duties of the officers of the Mint and
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and the same
are hereby, extended to the coinage herein pro-
vided for. f
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That-all laws
now in force ielating to the coins of the United
States and the slrikingand coining the same shall,
so far as applicable, be extended to the coinage
herein authorized, whether said law^are penal or
otherwise, for the security of the coin, regulating
and guarding the process of striking and coining,
for preventing debasement or counterfeiting, or
for any other purpose.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Di-
rector of the Mint shall prescribe suitable regula-
tions to insure a due conformity to the required
weighty and proportions of alloy in the said coins;
• and shall order trials thereof to be made from time
to time by the assayer of the Mint, whereof a
report shall be made in writing to the Director.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
coins shall be a legal tender in any payment, the
one-cent coin to tlie amount of ten cents, and the
two-cent coin to the amountof twenty cents; and
if shall be lawful to pay out said coins in ex-
change for the lawful currency of the United
States, (except cents or half cents issued under
former acts of Congress,) in suitable sums, by the
treasurer of the Mint, and by such other deposit-
