1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2759
law compelling; every man when he makes a sale
to give a bill of sale or a bill of parcel, and that,
1 think, weare haidly prepared to do. If you
pass it,you cannot enforce it, that lean perceive,
and it would be useless.
To meet what the distinguished gentleman who
"writes the letter to my friend means to cover, and
all he can cover, is merely to put a tax upon re-
ceipts, and that will amount to something, because
the necessity of having a receipt will control the
question of the stamp; but it is not so in regard
to mere common sales of property which pass by
delivery. The amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts as it stands would simply
have the effect of saying to a man, " If you choose
not to be content with delivery, and require a bill
of sale, you must pay ten cents or twenty cents,
or whatever it may be; but if you are satisfied to
get possession of your goods when you pay the
money, you save it." That will be the result.
It will amount to just nothing. It has some
sound to it, but really in my judgment no sense.
Let me say to my friend that if ho intends to
carry this system out, it needs a great many pro-
visions. The bill which was introduced by the
honorable Senator from California, [Mr. McDou-
GALL,j some two yeais ago, was a bill of some
sixty or seventy sections, and all of them neces-
sary to carry out any such system of stamps.
That was predicated, if I recollect nnght, on a
system of stamps. But if you required stamp
duties on ail things of that kind, I will say to
Senators it was conceded then that you would
need, and that bill provided for, an infinity of of-
ficers to carry it out. You must have them, be-
cause it covers every shop of whatever descup-
tion it may be throughout the whole country, and
it would involve and would require a force and a
system peculiar to and belonging to itself. That
is the conclusion to which we camp.
My honorable friend from California has gone
over the history of two years ago on thissubject,
and charged me before the Senate with having
reported a bill here from the Committee on Fi-
nance—a tax bill—without leave of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. With the acquiescence of
the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the acquicsccnce
of the committer, but that they never exactly ap-
proved it. That is the idea. That is true to a
certain extent. Some gentlemen approved one
part and some approved another part; but all,
even the Senator from California, consented that
I should report the bil! fiom the Committee on
Finance, and I reported it. The Senator from
Rhode Island, who was then a member, (Mr.
Simmons,) had his system. He introduced if.
It was not accepted by the Senate. He supported
it at length, and he was voted down, and the re-
poit of the committee was accepted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did the Senator from Cali-
fornia propose his amendment?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask theSen-
ator from Maine a question. Did notthecommit-
tee decline to authonze you to report the bill un-
till I had acquiesced, and did I not cast the vote
m committee authorizing you to report it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 cannot say but that that
was so. I lemembrr that the Senator from Cal-
ifornia was very kind and accommodating.
Mi. McDOUGALL. Was it not on the dis-
tinct undeistanding thatthe Senator from Rhode
Island (Hid myself might bring our propositions
before the Senate ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably. Every
member had lha_t right.
Mr, McDOUGALL. My vote in committee
gave the majority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody was willing
that 1 should report the bill, even the Senium
from California; but they entered a caveat that
they should offer their own amendments, which
was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I beg the Senator's par-
don. Many were not willing at the start to let
the bill be reported, hut it was on my acquiescence.
I had my bill pi mud before the committee, and
the committee found fault with me afterwards, I
may say to the Senate, that I had myself given
the consent of the committee to the report made
bv the chairman.
"Mr. FESSENDEN. They did not say any-
thing to me about that. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia came in here; he offered his proposition;
he took his day. He argued it, I think, for two
or three hours.
Mr. McDOUGALL. About an hour and a half.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He made a long speech
on the subject, and he finally took a vote, and
he got his own vote and one other honorable gen-
tleman's who said lie would notleave the Senator
to vote alone. That was the result of it, as many
of the Senate will recollect. I recollectit very dis-
tinctly. The Senator will certainly remember
that when I came to reply and wind up the argu-
ment on the subject, he made a special request to
me that 1 should notcommenton his bill, because
he only gota single vote for it, to which [acceded.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 think the Senator's
recollection is wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot be mistaken
about that, and finally the Senator used an argu-
ment to me that he was going to vote for my bill,
and therefore I might save myself the trouble of
replying, and he did so vote.
Mr, McDOUGALL. There is another mis-
take. I had voted against the Senator's bill, and
the Senator appealed to me that it was a neces-
saiy measure and that the bill must pass, and
therefore I yielded and changed my vote from
w hat it was in the first instance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It got every vote in the
Senate except one or two. I did not need the Sena-
tor's vote at all. What I said to the Senator was,
" You promised if I would not comment on your
bill to vote for this one, and therefore 1 claim
your promise,'' and the Senator performed it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 do not remember that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do most distinctly.
That was the whole matter. There was no feel-
ing about it. The bill introduced here, the bill
that the committee acceded, if you please, to my
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to say one thing, as this controversy has been
brought in by myself? 1 remember that during
that discussion, after the understanding that 1
have stated in committee, 1 had the honor of sit-
ting in the chair which the President fills, and a
controversy grew up between the Senator from
Rhode Island and the chairman of the committee,
in which, at that time, he ignored what I under-
stood to be the understanding in committee. I
left the chair for my place on the tloor, and I
will say now that the reason why I found it use-
less to even undertake to argue in extenso the
measure I introduced was thatthe Senatonnsisted
upon his position as chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and did not allow either the Senator
from Rhode Island ormyselfto haveafaii heating.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how it was
in my power to pteventit.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance is potential.
Mr. FESSENDEN. it is Lruothat after a full
discussion by the Senator trom Rhode Island of
his propositions, aiguing them at length as much
as he pleased, and some reply made by myself,
the Senate voted him down; and as I said before,
when the Senator from California took his turn
and argued his measuie at length, I did not reply,
and the Senate voted him down. That is the
whole story about it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The conclusion was
waived by me after advancing my opinions.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say to the
chairman of the committee that in anything I say
here on any proposition I make, I have ceitainly
no disposition to undervalue the services of the
chairman of tin* committee or of the Committee on
Finance, or to compare my own knowledge on
the subject of this bill to theirs. I have ceitainiy
some convictions in regard to this matter of tax-
ation; I have reflected somewhat upon tins bill
and read it with some degree of care, and listened
to all that has been said upon the subject. I
moved this amendment because! thought it would
give us some revenue, which we so much need at
this time. I think we ought certainly to do all
that we can do to increase the income of the Gov-
ernment. The condition of the country we all
know; it is understood by us all, and we have
some expeiience m our own lnstoiy in ngatd to
these matters. Dining the olutmn tln-io w«
a class of men who advised raising money to pay
bills; another class thought they would lskuo pa-
per money. We got through the Revolution and
we repudiated two hundred and fouiteen millions
of paper money. We paid our foreign debt, our
debt to our soldiers, our debt to the States,
amounting to about eighty millions, and repudi-
ated two hundred and fourteen millions. Let our
paper money run down; let our debt be over-
whelming, and we shall have as soon as the war
is over a party of repudiation hel*e. We had
better pay all we can now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ,ask the Sen-
ator how he provides for the case of sales'where
no bill of sale is given.
Mr. WILSON. This amendment applies to
bills of sale given for goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, and nothing else.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a voluntary tax. If
there is no receipt, there is no tax.
Mr. WILSON. I take it merchants and busi-
ness men will go on with this tax precisely as they
do now, and that men will not once in a hundred
times buy goods where they do not take a receipt.
Mr. GRIMES. But they can do it.
Mr. WILSON. There is a possibility of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no penalty.
Mr. GRIMES. All a man has to do is to have
the books balanced, and receive the goods, and
there is the end of it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I propose another amendment,
with a view of increasing the revenue. In sec-
tion one hundred and fifteen, lines twelve and
thirteen, page 171, I move to strike out the word
" ten" in each of those lines and insert "two,"
so that if the amendment should carry, the pro-
vision will be that all incomes under $600 will
be exempted from taxation; and on all incomes
from $600 to $2,000,5 per cent, is to be paid; and
on all over $2,000, 7g per cent. 1 do it for two
reasons: first, 1 think it will increase the revenue
from incomes very largely, because we shall get
7g per cent, from $2,000 to $10,000, where we get
only 5 per cent, under the bill as it stands. In
the next place, men of wealth think they ought
not to be discriminated agamstbecause they have
got a large sum of money. Perhaps some per-
sons over §10,000, and there are a great number
in the country, would feel that they might lower
their taxes enough, or try to make up the differ-
ence. Uut if wo tax all persons that have an in-
come over $2,000 7| per cent, it will reach so
large a class in (he community, so many men
who are able to pay, that I think there will be no
objection to this form in which the bill will have
been placed, and we shall certainly add a great
deal to the revenues of the Government.
I move to strike out "ten" and insert u two,"
so that, all persons who have an income over
^2,000 shall pay the income tax of 7| per cent.,
and from $600 to $2,000 pay 5 per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will simply say that I
think that is too much of a tax on such small in-
comes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Say $5,000.
Mr. WILSON. Well, I will say &5,000 on the
suggestion. 1 move to strike out" ten" and in-
sert " live," so as to put a tax of If per cent, on
incomes over $5,000.
The que-stiou being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 14, noes 8; no quoium voting,
Mr. WILSON, i call for the yeas and nays.
We have a quorum about the building.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Is this amendment susceptible
of being amended so as to make all over $15,000
pay 10 per cent. ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot be done
now. After tins amendment is made you can
have a vote on the amendment below.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am pei fectly content to vote
for the amendment of the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts, if we should cany out the system of
gradation and let the big fellows who get from
$25,000 up to $100,000a year pay a proportionate
rate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 31: as follows:
VEAS - - M'^r- Rrtnvn, Caililc, Chandler, Collamer,
ContH'--. Davis f3ooluii \ Gum-'*, lUrld<>. Harris, Ilend-
iiek<. Mel) i'omeroy,ltainsey, Sumner, Ten
IW( k.ft'ui Wil.oti—lb.
'XAVS-Mi-i- Awtii >nv. Claik, Cowan, Fesset.den,
Fonj. {pMide; ><>!), Hone, Powell,Richardson, Van Wmkle,
:ui(i \Vi!!rv--i 1.
V — Me-w*. Buckalew, Dixon, Foster, Hale,
Harding, lltcks, llowaid, Johnson, bane of Indiana, Laue
