738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
.and I do not make any such charge; buttheques-
tion that I asked was whether the Secretary of the
Treasury had not heretofore thrown gold upon
the market,
Mr. HOOPER. Not to my knowledge. My
impression is very decided that he never has done
it. If I have conveyed the contrary impression
to the gentleman he misunderstood me.
. Mr. ELDRIDGE. I so understood the gen-
tleman yesterday, in his conversation with my-
self and the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HOOPER, The gentleman misunderstood
me. I did not mean to convey any such impres-
sion as that the Secretary of the Treasury has
sold any gold out of the Treasury since this act
was passed.
Mr. KASSON. I am glad, on tho whole, that
this full interpellation has taken place, as it tends
to destroy any suspicion that may have existed
in any mind on the subject. I am no political or
personal partisan of tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury, but I will stand by him, as I wj 11 by every man
who is faithfully using the powers, whether great
or small, which he possesses for the best interests
of the country; and 1 believe that this can be
truthfully said of the present Secretary of the
Treasury.
This resolution, sir, docs riot run in conflict with
any proposition of law. It is not dangerous as
giving discretion that surpasses former financial
discretions which have been granted and have
been well employed. Now, sir, I wish to call the
attention of the House to the existing condition
of facts respecting gold. I said at the opening
that it was a question of great practical import-
ance. It affects this question of the relation be-
tween gold and paper cuirency,every department
of business,and every part of the country. There
is not a constituent of mine who buys a pound of
tea who is not affected by this question; there is
not a constituent of yours, Mr. Speaker, or mine,
who buys a single article of necessity or luxury
imported from abroad, who is not interested in
this question; there is not a soldier in thcArmy,
or a sailor in the Navy, who receives his pay
from the United States, who is not interested in
this question.
Sir, just in proportion as you reduce the ine-
quality between gold and currency, just in that pro-
portion do you increase the value of that currency
and enable the consumer to purchase any article
in the market at a lower rate of value, enable him
to get his money's worth.
Now, sir, if by virtue of the laws of the Uni-
ted States this Government *s accumulating gold
in its Treasury beyond the legitimate wants of
the Government for disbursement, I challenge any
gentleman upon the floor of this Mouse to tcN me
what right we have, as the representatives of the
interests of the people of this country, to con-
tinue to hoard this gold, inflating the premium
thereby, and with it to inflate the price of every
article that you and 1 and your constituents and
my constituents have to purchase in this coun-
try.
The proposition is simply this, that justin pro-
portion as you lock up the mainstay of commerce,
the gold of the country, just in that proportion
do you advance the price of everything we have
to buy* just in proportion as you advance the
price of gold itself do you enhance tho price of
everything that comes from abroad.
Now, Mr. Speaker, such being the conditions
of value, what do wc find in the large cities of the
country, and especially in the city of New York,
from which the gentleman [Mr. FernandoWood]
comes, and to which most of the foreign goods
imported into this country conic?
A few months ago, having occasion to visit my
business agent m New York, as I passed dosvn a
principal street, I encountered a crowd collected
on the sidewalk, extending down the steps into
a subterranean apartment, and stretching away
into the dark interior,and two or three policemen
standing at the entrance, apparently engaged in
preserving order, with an amount of noise and
confusion that was the best illustration of the j
conception we have been taught to have ofancient
Babel or modern Bedlam I ever witnessed, a tu-
mult and uproar beyond the power of the imag-
ination to conceive. There were men there of
nearly all complexions, the features predominant
being hooked noses, bushy eyebrows, and long
beard*.
I made my way at last through the crowd to
the office of my friend and asked him what was
going on—whether there was a police court so
near to the great mart of business in the city of
New York. He said no, it was the gold ex-
change! There were fifty or one hundred men
combining in all the various phases of specula-
tion to raise the price of gold and to inflate the price
of every article which my constituents and yours
have to buy; bringing, for the sake of advancing
their own personal profit, inconvenience and loss
upon the people of the whole country. Mr.
Speaker, it would require a good deal of self-con-
trol upon the part of any man to prevent a blush
of patriotism at the sight of such reckless specu-
lation against public credit. Sir, I fear the com-
binations at these dens in New York—kept open,
as these men adjourn from one to another, fdr
almost all hours of the day and night—more than
I fear all the combinations of the rebel power at
Richmond in their attempts to shake the public
faith and break down the public credit.
If it is in the power of this House to give au-
thority to anybody in this Government who we
believe will exercise that power for the best in-
terests of the country, to break up that illegiti-
mate traffic, 1 am for giving that power to its ut-
most extent.
I repeat that it is in these financial transactions
so called, not legitimate commerce, but illegiti-
mate transactions, that the great danger and peril
to the public credit exists.
When the gentleman from New York last on
the floor [Mr. Fernando Wood] says that this
is a proposition to regulate the money market, I
reply that on the eontraiy it is a proposition to
allow legitimate merchants and regular traders to
conduct their regular transactions without inter-
ference on the part of Government by exhausting
the market of the material most indispensable to
their transactions.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 81) to apportion the expenses of
the levy court in the county of Washington upon
the basis of population; and
A bill (S. No. 82) concerningnotaries public for
the District of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate insist upon their amend-
ments disagreed to by this House to the bill of
the House (No. 120) to increase the internal rev-
enue and for other purposes, and agree to a con-
ference asked by the House upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Fessenden, Mr. Howe, and Mr.
Johnson the managers at the said conference on
the part of the Senate.
SALE OF GOLD—AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it is proposed
to allow the money market to regulate itself with-
out the interference of the United States in thus
accumulating the gold of the country.
Now, sir, I pass to the objection raised by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
He proposes a substitute for the resolution re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
His substitute is to allow the Secretary of the
Treasury to buy up interest coupons which are
ultimately to be paid in gold, and thus restore
the gold to those who possess the coupons. I
am willing to commit to him that power. It is
right he should do it, and to the extent that af-
foids a lemedy 1 should desire to see*him have
it. Yet I think the House will see with little re-
flection that it only shifts the difficulty which now
exists in the market. That difficulty is on the part
of the merchant in buying gold necessary for the
transactions of commerce in the city. What must
he do under this proposition? He must buy cou-
pons m lieu ofgold,and take them to theTreasury
for the gold. The coupons are gold. They will
bear the same price with gold. Speculation affects
them like gold. The merchant must pay the like
premium to get them; coupon holders and gold
holders will be identical and will combine. It is
proposed to do by indirection what is now done
directly. It is the buying up of gold represented
by gold coupons instead of gold represented by
coin. As I havesaid,! have no objection to it as
anauxiliary proposition; so that whenever a man,
underany circumstances, can get interest coupons
cheaper than he can get gold he shall go to the
Treasury and get gold for them in advance of
their maturity. That is limited, however, by the
amount of coupons offered and by the amount of
gold in the public Treasury^ But in addition to
this the committee's proposition is necessary for
the purpose of preventing all those combinations
to which I have alluded.
The object of this resolution is to restore this
surplus gold into the channels of commerce, and
undoubtedly its incidental effect will be to check
the spirit of speculation so rife in New York. I
wish the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] who spoke early on this question,
would go home to his constituents and lecture
them on their indulgence of those luxurious hab-
its respecting which he addressed us to-day. I
wish he would tell those gentlemen who arc fill-
ing their stores with diamonds and gold trinkets,
silks and satins, that they ought to discourage
importation of those luxurious articles instead of
stimulating the luxurious tastes of our people.
It is undoubtedly an evil in the land, and I will
unite with him to check that evil and retain in
the country every useless dollar now sent abroad.
I will go for an increase of the tariff so far as is
consistent with the maintenance of the public
credit, I will do anything to get us back to a
self-sustaining system as far as possible.
One of the leading financial men on the conti-
nent of Europe told me recently that the moment
we got this rebellion so much down that it was a
question of time only, from two hundred to four
Hundred million dollars would come from Europe
for investments securities of the United States—
that it would seek our securities without our ask-
ing.
I regret from the bottom of my heart to hear
gentlemen on the other side declare that we are
on the eve of bankruptcy, or there is danger that
our public credit will not be sustained. I have
not the data here, but I have collected them, to
show that with a moderate taxation we are abund-
antly able to pay the public debt which is now
being created, and upon which we are now pay-
ing or shall have to pay interest. There is the
property in the country to pay it; there is the en-
ergy to pay it; and there is the patriotism in the
country to pay it and sustain it.
I beg therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the House
will consider these propositions with reference to
their immediate effect. Suppose that not a single
dollar of gold is sold from the Treasury for thiee
months, yet the very existence of this power upon
the part of the Secretary to take a million, or two
millions, or four millions, from time to time, to re-
lieve the money market inNew York, will render
it almost impossible for men in the large cities to
make what is called in the language of the brokers'
board a " comer" in the gold market. They could
not do it, for the existence of this power would
knock the corner all to pieces. I do not know
that that is an expression of the brokers' board,
but such will be the effect.
It is for this reason, in part, that I think it of
the highest importance that this power should
exist upon the part of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. What is the legitimate use of gold in this
country? We want enough of it to pay the in-
terest on out debt, and enough to pay duties, and
pay our indebtedness abroad. Aside from that
there is no legitimate demand for gold as an article
of commerce in this country. We simply want
it to pay our public liabilities at home, and,as far
as foreign importations are concerned, to pay
their duties at the custom-house, and to pay our
indebtedness to foreign countries. There is an
abundance of gold for those purposes. We are
producing enough from day to day in the gold
mines of this country to discharge every one of
those liabilities. By means of hoarding and mak-
ing " corners" these speculators are creating an
artificial demand for gold; they are making time
contracts for gold; they are speculating in it in all
shapes; and this power will destroy that system
of contiacts. A man will not contract to take
from you $1,000,000 of gold a month hcncc at a
specified premium, when, perhaps, the day before
the Secretary of theTreasury may have a surplus
of four or five million dollars to put upon the
market. There can nothing be plainer than this
effect of the passage of this resolution. It will
