1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. A. W. CLARK. It will be made so be-
fore the contract is completed. I call the atten-
tion of members to the law of Congress.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<-ff any books shall heieafter be ordered to and received !
fcfy members or Congtess by a lesolution of either or both
Houses of Congress, the price paid lor the same shall be
deducted from the compensation provided for such member
or members: Prdrided, however^ That tins shall riot extend
to.books ordered to be printed by the public printer during
the Congress for- which the said member shall have been
electp<j."—Statutes at Large,\*oJ. 11, p. 49.
^ 4-. W. CLARIC* If the House wishes to
act on either proposition, the comrpittce is pre«
pared to report a bill which can be acted upon at
thi<$timQ well perhaps as at any other time.
Th? matter has been fully discussed in the com-
mittee, pnd the negotiation has been going on for
spro^ time.
Mr, MALLORY. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. The report of the commit-
tee is accepted.
Mr. MALLORY. Perhaps the House had bet-
ter act on my proposition at this moment. I
move that the subject be recommitted to the Com-
m;tiee on Printing;, with instructions to report a
bill forthwith.
ftjr, A. W  CLARK. I do not object.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported a bill to pay in part for the
published debates of Congress,and forotherpur-
ppses; which was read a first and second time.
TheSPEAKER. Being an appropriation bill
it requires unanimous consent to be considered in
the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me make an in-
quiry first. If I understand the bill it provides
that in future nil Seuatois und members shall re-
ceive the back numbers of the Congressional
Globe. If so, Mr, Speaker, that seems to me to
be holding out a groaLbounty. It is like cor$-
pourul interest, increasing from year to year.
Members of the next Congress will not only re-
ceive the Congressional Globe for former yeais,
but they will receive the Congressional Globe for
this Congress. So on year after year; and it
would puzzle the brain of any man in this House
to calculate how many Congressional Globes a
new member would bo entitled to one hundred
years hence. It seems to me that it would lie
cheaper to take theotherpropositionand pay fifty
per cent, additional.
Mr. PRUYN. It is limited to ten years.
The SPEAKER. Does the sjentlenmn object?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 do.
Mr. MORRILL. What condition would this
be in if postponed until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It would come up after the
reading of the Journal, if the House cud not go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ALLEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by a ma-
jority vote.
Mr. MALLORY. Let us ^o into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and take
Hup now. it will not requite more than a few
minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. MORRILL. Several members on this side
want to disousw it.
^ Mr. MALLORY. It has been up for three
Congresses.
Mr. SMITH. 1 lise tori point of order. The
speaker rose in his place and said that it required
unanimous consent to consider the bill in the
House, and there was no objection, so far as we
heard over here. Then a speech was made with-
out objection being made. 1 make the point that
the objection comes too late.
The SPLAKLR, The gentleman ft om Illinois
reserved his rujht to object.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the gentleman
is willing to withdraw his objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 am willing to with-
draw my objection to hear any explanation.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw H ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 renew it.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL liEVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I now insist on my motion i
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill of the House (No. 405) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes; the pending question being on the
amendment yesterday submitted by Mr. Holman
to the forty-fourth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
forty-nine by striking out in line six the word
"assessor" and insetting in its place the word
"collector." '■
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line seven of the same
scction I move to amend by striking out the word
" assessor" and inserting in its place the word
" collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the same
section by striking out in the fifty-first line, at
the end thereof, the word " assessor" and insert-
ing in its place the word "collector."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to amend the same
sectson m the twelfth line by striking out the
word " assessor" and inserting in its place the
word " collector."
The section, as amended, would then read:
Sec. 49. And be it fuither cnactc<Js That .my poison ap-
plying for a license as a distiller, shall, in addition to what
it, requited by other provisions ol law, make an application
thercior to the a.sse&sor of the distnct, and betoiy the same
is issued the pei>on so applying shall give bond to the Uni-
ted States, in such sum as shall be ie«|uired by the collect-
or, and vviih one oi more luetics, to be approved by said
collector, conditioned that in ea«e any additional still or
stills, or other implements to be used as. aforesaid, shall be
creeled hy him, Ins agent oi siipeimtendt'iit, he will, be-
foi<> using, oi causing, oi permuting the fame to bo used,
repoit in writing to the said collector the capacity thereoi,
and in fot iiiation from time to tune of any change in the lorin,
capacity, ownciship, agcncy, ur superintendence, which
all or either ot the snd stirlls or othei implements may un-
dergo, and that he will liom day to day cntei, or cau^e to be
entered, in a book to he kept lor that purpose, the numbei
of gallons ot fc-pint'i that may be distilled l y said still or
stills, oi othei implements, and also of the quantities ot
gtain oi other vegetable pioductiuns, oi othei Mibstauees
put into the ma^H tub, oi otheivvise used by him, tils agent
or superintendent, <oi the purpose ot producing spuxts; and
said hook shall be open at all times dining the day (-Sun-
days excepted) to the inspection of the said a-sc>sor, as-
vj-tant eolicetor, deputy collector, or m-pcetoi,
who may make nnv memorandums or Itanscnpts theie
from; and also that he will render to the said assessor or
assistant assessoi, on the Iiim, tenth, and twentieth days
of each and every month, or within five days theieaiter,
dming the continuance of said license, an exact account
in writing, taken fiom his book*, of the number of gallons
of spirits distilled, and also ol the number ot'gallons sold or
removed loi consumption or sale hy him, his ajjont or su-
perintendent, nnd the pi oof theicof. and al-o ot'the quan-
tities of gtain oi other vegetable production-., oi other sub-
stancy, put into the mash tub, or otherwise u.^ed by him,
lus" agent, or superintendent, tor the purpose ol pioduein«
spiiiis, toi the pound ot hactionai paitol a month then next
pieceding the date of s ud iepoj t, wlm li said icpoit shall be
verified by affidavit in the manner pie-ciibcd bylaw; that
lie will not sell or peinut to be sold, oi removed lot eon-
sumption oi sale, any spirits distilled bylum under and by
vntue of his said license, uniil the same shall have boon
inspected, gauged, and pioved, and the quantity theicof
duly enfeied upon his hooks as aforesaid; and lie will, at
the tune ol rvndeung .-aid account, immediately lorwaid to
the eolleeioi or deputy coiicctoi of the disti ier a copy there-
of duly ceuuicd h> the asM'^oi or assistant as^es-;or; and
thai he w ;il ai-o paj to the said collector oi his deputy the
duties which by huvaie imposed on the .--p>i it-' ro distilled.
And the said bond ma v' be renew ed or changed t'lom tune to
time, in tegaui to the amount and suietica theicof, aeeoid-
lng to the diseieUoii of the coiicctoi.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The committee has al-
ready observed that upon motion of the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] the word
" collector" has been substituted in the sixth and
seventh lines for the word " assessor."
As the law now stands -the whole business of
superintending the distilleries is in the hands of
the collectors, and under their superintendence 1
am not aware that any difficulty or loss has oc-
curred. And my own judgment is that we had
better permit the law in this particular to remain
where it has stood from the beginning.
As the section was reported bythe Committee
ot Ways and Means the whole matter of the super-
intendence of these distilleries would have been
transferred from the collectors to the assessors.
The collectors are responsible officers. They aie
under bonds to the amount of $100,000 each,
while the assessors are not under bonds at all.
But, sir, the section, as reported hy the com-
mittee and as it now stands, differs from the ex-
isting law in another clause. Under the law as it
now stands, returns are to be mademonthly,and
the duties are to be paid when the returns are
made. Now, if the section remains as amended
upon the motion of the gentleman from Vermont,
while the bonds will be given to the collector, the
returns are to be made to the assessor. The pay-
ments are then to be made to the collector. That
will be theresultof allowing the section to remain
as it now stands without the amendment which I
have submitted. In other words, the original ap-
plication setting forth the various facts in regard
to the distillery will be made to the collectoi; but
any change to be made subsequently is reported
to the assessor.
Now, it seems to me that after nearly two years'
experience in the whole matter of the superin-
tendence of distilleries in the hands of collectors,
who, as far as is known to the Department, have
discharged their duties faithfully &nd without loss,
it would be unwise to make any change in the
law in this particular.
I therefore offer this amendment, and if it be
adopted, I will move to amend the section in an-
other particular to make it conform exactly to
existing law.
Mr. MORRILL. I have great respect for the
opinion of the distinguished ^entlemEin from Mas-
sachusetts, but after a careful examination of this
whole question the Committee of Ways and
Means have come to the conclusion, I believe al-
most unanimously, that the change as now pro-
posed will be an improvement in the existing law.
It will be noticed by gentlemen of the House
that the whole theory of granting licenses is based
upon the idea that they are to be granted by the as-
sessors. The section, therefore, as now amended,
upon my motion, will simply provide for the same
practice in respect to distillers as that adopted in
respect to all other persons engaging in any kind
of business.
It is true the collector is supposed to be a man
of responsibility and character. And when we
come to the taking of bonds we devolve that duty
upon him. And then after that we require the
parties who are distilling spirits to make their re-
turns to the assessors in order that all the internal
revenue officers may have some knowledge of
what is going on instead of confining it merely
to the collector. 1 do think it is important that
all these officers should have some cognizance of
the business, and hence I hope the amendment
wiil not be adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman that we have a check upon the collect-
ois m this under the fifty-second section of this
act; the inspectors of spirits, whose duty it is to
inspect ail spirits hefoie they are removed from
the distillery, are independent officers appointed
by the Secretaiy of the Treasury, and their re-
turns are a check upon the collectors; so thatun-
less there is a collusion between the distiller, the
inspector, and the collector, the Government is
entirely sure to receive all the tax due.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest whether it is not
better that the returns shall be made by the as-
sessors in the proper and usual manner, in older
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
derive some knowledge of what is going on through
the assessors. 1 think that will preserve the sym
mefry of the bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
fmty-ninth section in line thirty-one, by insert-
ing after the woid "gallon" the words <£ placed
in warehouse and the numbei." The object of
this amendment is to require that all persons in
making a return of the number of gallons of
spirits distilled shall as well return the amount
which has gone into warehouse for the purpose
of exportation as the amount which has been re-
moved for consumption or sale, or in any other
wise disposed of. I think, inasmuch as a section
will probably be adopted pnnidmg for the waie-
housing of distilled spirits for exportation, it is
proper that the return shall show the number of
gallons disposed of in that way.
