2760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Of Kansas, Morrill, NVsmiili,Riddle*. Salisbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wright—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move now that the Senate
do not concern the amendment made by the Sen-
ate .in Committee of tbe Whole on page 171, by
which the committee agreed to strike out the
words:
.And not exceeding £35,000; and a duty of 10 per ccnt.
oh the excess over $25,000.
The committee struck out the provision of the
House bill that all persons who had an income
over $25^000 should, pay 10 percent. We have
established now the rule that all over §5,000 shall
pay 7 j per cent. Now I propose to continue this
gradation and make all those who receive over
§20,000 pay 10 per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why notsay over$10,000?
Mr. ANTHONY. On the excess, not on the
whole?
Mr. GRIMES, ft is all on the excess.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Say $15,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I hear on all sides the propo-
sition that I shall say all over $15,000, 10 per
ccnt., and some sav $10,000, and others $20,000.
1 will strike the balance and say $15,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly a lax of that
sort will never affect me, but I should like to
know on wh&t principle a larger tax is imposed
pn an increased income. It seems to me that per-
fect justice requires that the same tax shall be
levied on the same amount of property anywhere.
I suppose that a duty of that sort will not affect
the incomes in the West much; but 1 do not wee
exactly the justice of imposing a tax so heavy
upon incomes, even though they be elsewhere
than in my particular section of the country, un-
less it be imposed on other incomes. Weexempt
$600; that is for the poor man; and beyond that
it seems to me that incomes ought to bear the
same rate, I do not see the justice of such legis-
lation.
Mr. I^RIMES. As to the practice, we have
established thai already by a very decisive vote of
the Senate. As to the principle on which it in
based, I will refer the Senator from Missouri to
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
and the array of autho.ities which he read to us
the other day fiom Say and other political econ-
omists, {showing im that this was the principle on
which all income taxes oughtto be assessed,and
it is not forme to controvert theauthont les which
the Senator from Massachusetts exhibited hero
in the Senate to so great an extent, and it seems
that they have made such nn impression on the
minds of SemUois that we have reversed the
decision that we made tit that time, and have de-
cided exactly to the contrary to-day. Now, I
propose to cairy that principle out to a little
gieatt r extent, and cause these, men who have
large fortunes and derive therefrom huge incomes
to pay a little amount, only 2^ percent., in addi-
tion to the rate paid by the small men who ex-
haust nearly all of this income, in the support of
their families. If there is any class of men that
the distinction ought to be made in favor of and
not against it is the very class of men we have
discriminated ngamst, ami now we reach a class
of men who have a surplus over and above the
money that is nexesstuy to meet their family ex-
pense*, and it is tlmtelass that I propose to reach
and tax by the amendment that I propose,
Mr. LESSEN DEN, 1 humbly hope it will
be fixed some way or other to-day, because if we
do not iix u now, to-morrow it will be fixed some
other way, and gentlemen will want to argue it
over again, and it will be so every day in the
week. Let us have it somehow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomerot
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senatorfiom Iowa to the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole, by striking
out " twenty-five" and inserting'" fifteen" in the
following clause:
And not exceeding §25,000 ; and a duty of 10 per cent,
on the excess over $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other amount at pres-
ent is out of the bill, and those words that have
been stricken out in committee have got to be re-
stored bcfoie they can be amended." The first
question will be on concurring in striking out
thoue words.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose my amendment as
a separate part of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If those words are in the
bill you can make the amendment; but at present
you cannot make the amendment as long as they
are out of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in theamendment made m Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that is open to amend-
ment in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, if the Senate
vote " ay" upon the proposition of the commit-
tee, then the Senator from Iowa will move to strike
out the words adopted, and insert those he pro-
poses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those words are now
out of the bill by a vote of the Senate. The ques-
tion is on concurring with the committee in strik-
ing out those words. Those, therefore, who want
them stricken out wiil vote "ay;" those who, like
the Senator from Iowa,do not wantthem stricken
out will vote " no."
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question is put on
concurring with the committee, those words are
open to amendment as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are, in
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. And therefore the motion of
the Senator from Iowa is in order to amend that
piopo.sition, and then the nextquestion would be
on concurring with what has been done in com-
mittee with that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the amendment made in commit-
tee can be amended before the question on con-
cnnence is taken. The Chair may be wrong, but
that is the decision the Chair makes. The first
question will be on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Iowa, to amend theamendment made in
committee, by atuking out " twenty-five" and
lnneiting " fikooo."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now n-i on concurring J.) the amendment made in
coDiDiiilcr, sinking out the whole, clause, as it
has been amended.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
Mr. GRIMES. In the same clause, line six-
teen, 1 move the same amendment, to strike out
"twenty-five" and insert "fifteen" before the
woid "thousand," in order to make it conform
to the amendment just adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
amendments necessary to make the sentence com-
plete will he made il there be no objection.
Mi. McDOUGALL. On page 140, line three
I hundred and loity-siX, I move to strike out the
word "live" ami to insert the word "two;" so
i hat the clause will icad:
On quicksilver pioduecd 1'iom tlie ore, a duty of 2 per
ccnt. ad valorem.
I do not care to discuss this amendment. 1 be-
lieve it is understood very well by the Senate.
The tax as it stands in the bill is a tax on the
gross proceeds, and would amount to a duty on
the net proceeds of something like 15 or 18 per
cent. I believe there is no objection to theamend-
ment. Two percent, ad valorem will make a duty
on the net. pjoceeds of about 6 or 8 per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 ask a separate vote upon
the amendment proposed by the committe on page
73, section sixiy-three, line four. 1 understand
that the Senate in enmmirtee have inserted there
"twenty-live cents," making the lax upon beer
$] 25 a barrel. From all I understand of the sub-
ject I think a tax of one dollar is quite enough.
I ask J or a separate vote upon that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, to insert the
woitU "and twenty-five cents" after the word
" dollar,"in line four of section seventy-three; so
that it will road:
Th.it thep' sdull be paid on all beer, Uirej beer, ale, por-
ter, <utd other^unilai 'erinentod liquors, by whatever name
Mich liquors mav be called, a duty of 25 lor each and
every barrel, fcc,c,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope the Senate
will concur with the committee in that amend-
ment. 1 think it is vei y desirable to leave the
question open for the consideration of the com-
mittee of conference. There is no disposition
whatever on the part of anybody to put this tax
beyond what it ought to be; but if we adopt it as
it came from the House of Representatives there
is an end of it, and we cannot vary it, however
we may see fit to vary the tax on whisky, and
theiefore we shall have it in precisely its present
shape, and can neither raise nor reduce it. We
do not know exactly what the result will be on
consideration; but as there is really no disposi-
tion anywhere to put this tax beyond what the
article can bear, I think it would be very much
safer to leave it to a committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot think it possi-
ble that the House of Representatives will, with-
out investigating the amendments made to this
bill by the Senate, just pass a vote to disagree to
the amendments, and appoint a committee of con-
ference. I have been told by a member of the
House that that would not probably be the case.
I do not believe it is a very good system of legis-
lation, and I would not vote for such a system if
I were a member of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the only system of
legislation possible on a bill of this size, if you
want to get through it in any time.
Mr. CONNESS. It will be remembered by
the Senatorfiom Indiana that this is a pretty vexed
question. It involves the question of taxing the
stock on hand. The Senate has adhered to their
position upon that proposition very tenaciously;
the House of Representatives have been equally
tenacious, or nearly so; arid I think the entire
question had better be left open and left to the
committee of conference. I think it would be sub-
ject to better adjustment there. Ihope thatcourse
will be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate concur ln'the amendment made
m committee? Theamendment made in commit-
tee was to insert "25 cents" instead of "50
cents" after the word " dollar."
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not want the vote
just in that shape, because that would be even
more objectionable. I move to strike out both
" 50" and " 25 ccnts."
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate do not agree
to the first question, to concur in the amendment
made m committee, the question would then re-
turn on the amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HEN DRICKS. What I wantis the pro-
vision of the House bill on this subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but it will re-
quire two votes. 1 hope it will remain as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will withdraw htsamendment. I am with
him in reducing the tax to $1; but I do not want
the committee of conference, if it shall be raised
on this bill, instructed by a vote of the Semite, if
we shall decline to change it, to adhere to a tax of
$1 25 or 50, or any higher sum than $1.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that if we stand by the tax of #1,
then the Senate concurs with the House, and there
is no question of disagreement between the two
bodies. If it is the pleasure of the Senate that
this tax should be $1, which I think from all the
information 1 have is as high as it ought to be
taxed, then there is no disagreement, and the bill
is concluded in respect to this subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I think $1 is as high as it
ought to be taxed,and I think His higherin pro-
portion than whisky is taxed by the hill: but I
would rather leave it to the committee of confer-
ence,! believe, than, not knowing what the senti-
ment of the Senate might be, to allow a vote to
be taken with the risk of an adverse vote being
given which might be regarded by any future
committee of conference on the subject as a sort
of instruction on the part of the Senate to stick to
§1 25 rather than to $1 a barrel.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i do not represent this
interest m any large degree, and do not feel au-
thorized to control it, and as Senators who agree
with me in opinion about it think it had better be
left in this shape, of course I will yield my judg-
ment to theirs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment of the committee insetting the
proviso to section one hundred and nine, on page
164. I do not intend to discuss it, but this is a
discrimination against State banks which I do not
think ought to find us way into this bill. If you
