1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
approximate the price of gold to the point which
meets the legitimate demand for it, I do not care
where you lodge the power if it is only safely
deposited and will produce this result.
I think my remarks have covered the principal
objections, if not all, which have been raised by
the other side of the House. Sincc I stated a few
facts yesterday in explanation of the necessity of
this law, I am glad to find that my opinion is con-
curred in by my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means from New York, [Mr. Steb-
bins,] a gentleman whose large experience in
financial operations in that city gives, more than
any opinion of mine can give, confidence in the
propriety of this measure. His testimony to its
probable financial result and its efficiency would,
aside from any opinion of mine, be conclusive
upon my judgment.
I ask the House, to the extent of its power, to
relieve the country from this venomous spirit of
speculation in hostility to the best interests of the
Government, by giving to the Secretary this in-
cidental power, which we now propose, to relieve
the regular market from the control of speculators
and to reduce the difference between the value of
cunencyand gold to a legitimate rate, propor-
tioned to the supply and demand for real trans-
actions.
Mr. DUMONT. This resolution, as I under-
stand, comes from the Committee of Ways and
Means. I am always reluctant to disagree with
them, and am always disposed to sustain them
in whatever meets the approbation of my mind.
The first gentleman from New York who spoke
upon this matter [Mr. Brooks] seemed to be ex-
ceedingly excited because, under the existing
state of things, the importations of the country
exceeded the exportatiuns. I have read the his-
tory of the country in vain if such has not fre-
quently been the case in periods of profound
ppace. During the Administration of the younger
Adams, the most economical Administration in
the history of the country, an Administration
under which the whole expenditures of the Gov-
ernment amounted to only $13,000,000 a year,
the importations of the country frequently ex-
ceeded the exportations. And now that half the
poits of the country are closed, and half of the
farming and mechanical inteicsts of the country
arc withdrawn from their legitimate business, i
think that no gentleman ought to be astonished
that at a time like this, when the country is en-
gaged in such a war as this, our importations
should exceed our exportations.
And the other gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Wood] is wonderfully astonished at
the inflation of our circulating medium, {under-
take to say, Mr. Speaker, that the history of no
civilized and enlightened Government that is now
known to the world affords a single example of a
war being carried oil upon a specie basis. Why,
the gentleman himself conceded that. Ho said
that the monarchies of the old world, when thfcy
are engaged in wars, are in the habit of debasing
the coin of the country. Does he want the Uni-
ted States to resort to that expedient at this timer
Does he think that that would be a preferable
measure to issuing the promissory notes of the
Government, valid obligations that have hitherto
been faithfully redeemed, which have entered into
the ciiculating medium, and are sought aftei as
the beat currency of the country? If the gentle-
man prefers the debasingof coin, making an eagle
worth ten times as much by legal enactment as
its intrinsic value, then all I have to say in regard
to that financial proposition is that it does not
meet my approbation,and I do not tbink it would
meet the approbation of any gentleman who re-
flected well upon the subject.
The gentleman held statistical information in
his hand, and he compared the amount of notes in
circulation in the country at the commencement
of the war with the amount in circulation now;
he made the wonderful discovery that the circu-
lation has vastly augmented within the last two
or three years, and he came to the conclusion
that it must be the result of this terrible war.
Well, sir, that is a legitimate conclusion, almost
as legitimate as that of the Hibernian who when a
funei al was passing by, and being asked who was
dead, lepiied, '• Well, I don't know, but presume
it is the ymileiiidn in the coffin." [Laughter.]
It is quite a logical inference, quite a legitimate
conclusion, one on which he will find very few
gentlemen to differ with him, that all this has
been occasioned by and has been the necessary
and legitimate result of this terrible strife in
which we are engaged^
I understand the gentleman to be for'peace; I
also am for peace; and theonly difference between
us is that I am for peace upon the condition of
the restoration of this Government in all its integ-
rity, and he is for peace at all events. Well, there
are many ways to bring abouta peace. One way
is at the point of the bayonet; one way is at the
point of the naked sword; one way is to crush out
this rebellion by the brave soldiers that are in
favor of putting itdown. Another way would be
to concede all the rebels ask; to admit that they
waged war for a lawful cause, that the North is
all in the wrong and they are all in the right, and
that it is our duty to ground the weapons of our
unholy warfare against them, to acknowledge
their independence, and to give them guarantees
for the future. Another way is to fall back on a
specie basis, and that in all probability affords the
key to the exceeding anxiety of these gentlemen
to fall back on a specie basis. Thatis the end of
the war. Thatis the end of the war instantly.
It cannot be prosecuted one single moment after
we fall back upon a specie basis. The history of
the world may be searched in vain, the history
of warfare may be conned over, every leaf ever
written on the subject may be looked into; you
cannot find the example of any civilized nation
where a war of any kind, much less a war assum-
ing such gigantic proportions as this terrible war
does, has been carried on upon a specie basis.
I therefore can say, Mr. Speaker, in all candor,
that I oppose the passage of this resolution with
great reluctance, and that I do not at all chime in
with the gentleman on the other side in their op-
position to it. Their plan seems to be to give the
Government a dig under the fifth l lb. My oppo-
sition to it is on a far different basis from theirs.
I have no disposition to cavil with the Govern-
ment. It came not into power by my vote or
with the aid of my humble influence. Hut 1 have
no disposition to cavil with it when to cavil with
it is to paralyze its arm and give aid and com-
fort to the enemy. 1 am opposed, however, to
the passage of this resolution; and why? I have
listened to the icmarks of the eloquent gentle-
man fiorn Iowa, [Mr.. Kasson,] and would be
exceedingl y glad to be able to agree with him. I
have justas much confidcnccas he has in the able
head of the Treasury Department. I would just
as lief commit this power to him as to any man
m the Government, or to any man who has been
in the Government since the days of Alexander
Hamilton, in point as well of integiity as of
ability. I oppose the resolution therefore not out
of any hostility to the Secretary of the Treasury,
but because I think it involves a violation of pub-
he faith. I believe that the law has already made
an application of this money. The law provides
that the duties on customs shall be collected in
coin, so that the Government might have money
enough to meet its obligations for the payment
of interest in com. It then declares that this coin
shall be applied only in a certain way. I do not
contend for a single moment that one Congress
can bind another; but I think that if Congress
pledges the faith of the Government, and if third
parties intervene in transactions and act on that
pledge, then other Congresses aie bound by the
pledge thus given.
I do not interpret the act of Congress as the
gentleman fiom Iowa does. I say that it pledges
this money to the creation of a sinking fund to
be applied to the payment of the public debt. The
Secretary of the Treasury is not bound to take
m the public debt at par. It is much better for
him to go into the market and buy up the bonds
of the Governmentthan it is to throw the suiplus
gold on the maiket. I do not care how honest
the Secretary of the Tieasury may be, I do not
care how good a financier he may be, " where the
carcass is, there will the eagles be gatheied to-
gether." This resolution won Id convert the Treas-
ury Department into a great broker's shop; and
the constituents of the gentleman would be seen
hovering around it like the eagles around a dead
caicass. I have no doubt that the Secietaryof
the Treasury is an honest man, notwithstanding
the character of those who surround him; but
we must lecollect that he is the successor of a
Cobb, and that his #mcccsf ors may not be proof
against guch men. And I am not willing to com-
mit this powei'to everybody who may by chance
happen to be Secretary of the Treasury. • -
I am not generally very much in favor^of the
amendments that are offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox;] but I concede that the
amendment offered by him to this resolution is a
very good one—that is, that if the money is to be
thrown upon the market it is to be sold in market
overt. I shall supportthatamendmentwitha view
of perfecting the resolution; but I think I shall
be compelled to vote against the resolution itself.
I have an amendment of my own which I shall
offer, before I take my seat, as an additional pro-
viso to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio. I want to guard this matter in every
way I can; and my amendment is that a sale of
gold shall not take place without the consent of
all the heads of the Departments. In our own
State, Mr. Speaker, extraordinary power is fre-
quently vested in one of the executive officers;
but he is prohibited from exercising that power
without the advice and consent of his colleagues.
I therefore send up the amendment which I pro-
pose to offer to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman offers his
amendment, I desire to say that I propose to mod-
ify mine somewhat, and as the modification may
affect the gentleman's amendment, I will state it
at this time. I propose to make m.y amendment
provide for giving public notice of at least five
days before the Secretary of the Treasury shall
sell any gold under this act; and further to give
him power to withdraw any gold so offered from
sale, if, in his judgment, the public interest re-
quires it.
Mr. DUMONT. That will not interfere with
the amendment I propose to offer in the least. I
piopose fuither to place reductions upon the
opeiations to be carried on under thts bill, if it
shall become a law, by adding as follows:
Provide)} further, That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall not sell anv gold under this net without the advice
and con>ent of aH the oilier Executive Department* of the
Government, and that the operation of this act shall cease
in one year after the passage of this act.
One single word, Mr. Speaker, for I do not de-
sire to take up the time of the House. 1 think
this is a temporary measure. It is not brought
forward by those who advocate it as a permanent
measure. There would be no surplus of gold in
the Treasury if the laws were precisely what they
should be. Let us therefore so amend our reve-
nue laws as only to bring into the Treasury what
gold is needed by the Government for disburse-
ment, and then if the House decide to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the surplus
now on hand in the Treasury, let us indicate by
our legislation that the authoiity for such sale is
merely to meet the present exigency.
Mr. COX. I wish to add just a word in sup-
port of the amendment I have offered. 1 think if
this proposition of thegentloman from Massachu-
setts is to pass at all, it should be with the amend-
ment 1 have proposed—not that I favor the propo-
sition at all in any shape. I have not been im-
pressed, from the arguments I have heard upon
the other side of the House, in its favor. From all
I can learn I understand thatat least fifteen million
dollars more will be requited to pay the mteiest
on the public debt before the 1st of July than will
probably be received into the Treasury from cus-
toms. In other woids, the specie in the Treas-
ury, if it is sold to-morrow, will have to be bought
back again very soon afterwards.
But, bii\ 1 did not piopose to discuss the gen-
eral question at this time, but merely to make a
remark in favor of my amendment. I understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts to be opposed
to my amendment because H will have the effect
of ptoducing combinations among bidders, and
so prevent competition, and raise the price of gold,
Well, sir, that is not the result of pursuing such
a policy in other matters, and I am at a loss to see
how the argument of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts m this regard can apply to the present
exigency for which this measure is to provide.
Gentlemen all know how sensitive the article of
gold is in the market. Every click of the tele-
graph from Washington or from the head of the
Aitny will change its price. It is as sensible to
every movement as the barometer is to the change
of the atmosphere, and it ought not to bo placed
