1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laios of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st
preliminary.
Article 1. In the following rules every steam-
ship which is under sail, and not under steam, is
to be considered a sailing ship; and every steam-
ship which is under steam, whether under sail or
not, is to be considered a ship under steam.
rules concerning lights.
Lights.
Article. 2. The lights mentioned in the fol-
lowing articles, and no others, shall be carried in
all weathers between sunset and sunrise.
Lights for Steamships.
Article 3. All steam vessels when under way
shall carry—
(а) At the foremast head, a bright white light,
eo fixed as to show a uniform and unbroken
light over an arc of the horizon of twenty points
of the compass, so fixed as to throw the light ten
points on each side of the ship, viz: from right
ahead to two points abaft thi^beam on either side,
and of such a character as to be visible on a Bark
night, with a clear atmosphere, at a distance of
at least five miles.
(б) On the starboard side, a green light, so
constructed as to throw a uniform and unbroken
light over an arc of the hoiizon of ten points of
the compass, so fixed as to throw the light from
light ahead to two points abaft the beam on the
starboard side, and of such a character as to be
visible on a dark night, with a clear atmosphere,
at a distance of at least two miles.
(c) On the port side, a red light, so constructed
as to show a uniform unbroken light over an arc
of the horizon of ten points of the compass, so
fixed as to throw the light from right ahead to
two points abaft the beam on the port side, and
of such a character as to be visible on a dark night,
with a clear atmosphere, at a distance of at least
two miles.
(d) The said green and red side lights shall be
fitted with inboard screens, projecting fit least
three feet forward from the light, so as to prevent
these lights fiom being seen across the bow.
Lights for Steam-Tugs.
Article 4. Steamships, when towing other
ships, shall carry two bright white masthead
lights vertically, in addition to their side lights,
so as to distinguish them from other steamships.
Each of these masthead lights shall be of the same
construction and character as the masthead lights
which other steamships aie required to carry.
Lights for Sailing Ships.
Article 5. Sailing ships under way or being
towed shall carry the same lights as steamships
under way, with the exception of the white mast-
head lights, which they shall never carry.
Exceptional Lights for Small Sailing Vessels.
Article 6. Whenever, as in the case of small
vessels during bad weather thegreen and red lights
cannot be fixed, these lights shall be kept on deck,
on their respectives sides of the vessel, ready for
instant exhibition, and shall on the approach of
or to other vessels, be exhibited on their respect-
ive sides in sufficient time to prevent collision,
in such manner as to make them most visible, and
so that-the" green light shall not be seen on the
port side, nor the red light on the starboard side.
To make the use of these portable lights more
ceitain and easy, they shall each be painted out-
side with the color of the light they respectively
contain, an*l shall be provided with suitable
screens.
Lights for Ships at Anchor.
Article 7. Ships, whether steamships or sail-
ing ships, when at anchor in roadsteads or fair-
ways, shall, between sunset and sunrise, exhibit
where it can be best seen, but at a height not ex-
ceeding twenty feet above the hull, a white light
in a globular lantern of eight inches in diameter,
and so constructed as to show a clear uniform
and unbroken light visible all around the horizon,
and at a distance of at least one mile.
Lights for Pilot Vessels.
Article 8. Sailing pilotvessels shall not carry
the lights required for other sailing vessels, but
shall carry a white liglit at the masthead, visible
all around the horizon, and shall also exhibit a
flare-up light every fifteen minutes.
Lights for Fishing Vessels and Boats.
Article 9. Open fishing boats and other open
boa'ts shall not be required to carry aide lights,
required for other vessels, but shall, if they do
notcarrysuch lights, carry a lantern having a
green slide on the one side and a red slide on .the
other side, and on the approach of or to oth&c
vessels, such lantern shall be exhibited in suffi-
cient time to prevent collision, so that the green
light shall not be seen on the port side, nor the
red light on the starboard side. . Pishing vessels
and open boats when at anchor, or attached to
their nets and stationary, shall exhibit a bright
white light. Fishing vessels and openboats shall,
however, not be prevented from using a flare-up.
in addition, if considered expedient.
rules governing fog signals.
Fog Signals.
Article 10. Whenever there is a fog, whether
by day or night, the fog signals described below
shall be carried and used, and shall besoundodat
least every five minutes, viz:
(а) Steamships under way shall use a steam
whistle placed before the funnel, not less than
eight feet from the deck.
(б) Sailing ships under way shall use a fog
horn.
(c)' Steamships and sailing ships when not
under way shall use a bell.
steering and sailing rules.
Two Sailing Ships Meeting.
Article 11. If two sailing ships are meeting
end on, or nearly end on, so as to involve risk of
collision, the helms of both shall be put to port,
so that each may pass on the port side of the
other. ,
Two Sailing Ships Crossing.
Article 12. When two sailing ships are cross-
ing so as to involve risk of collision, then, if they
have the wind on different sides, the ship with
the wind oil the port side shall keep out of the
way of the ship with the wind on the starboard
side, except in the case in which the ship with
the wind on the port side is close-hauled, and the
other ship ffee, in which case the latter ship shall
keep out of the way. But if they have the wind
on the same side, or if one of them has the wind
aft, the ship which is to windward shall keep out
of the way of the ship which is to le'eward.
Two Skips under Steam Meeting.
Article 13. If two ships under steam are meet-
ing end on,ornearly end on, so as to involve risk
of collision, the helms of both shall be put to port,
so that each may pass on the port side of the
other.
Two Ships under Steam Crossing.
Article 14. If two ships under steam are cross-
ing so as to involve risk" of collision, the ship
which has the other on her own starboard side
shall keep out of the way of the other.
Sailing Ship mul Ship under Steam.
Article 15. If two ships, one of which is a
sailing ship and the other a steamship, are pro-
ceeding in such directions as to involve risk of
collision, the steamship shall keep out of the way
of the sailing ship. *
Skips umJer Steam to Slacken Speed.
Article 16. Every steamship,when approach-
ing another ship, so as to involve risk of collis-
ion, shall slacken her speed, or, if necessary,
stop and reveise; and every steamship shall,
when in a fog,go at a moderate speed.
Vessels Overtaking Other Vessels.
Article 17. Every vessel overtaking any
other vessel shall keep out of way of the said
last-mentioned vessel.
Construction of Articles 12, 14, lo, and 17.
Article 18. Where, by the above rules, one
of two ships is to keep out of the way, the other
shall keep her course subject to the qualifications
contained in the following article:
Proviso to Save Special Cases.
Article 19. hi obeying and construing these
rules due regard must be had to all dangers of nav-
igation, and due regard must also be had to any
special circumstances which may exist in any
particular case rendering a departure from the
above rules necessary in order to .avoid immedi-
ate danger.
Jfo Ship under any CircumstcmcestoNeglect Proper.
Precautions.
Article 20. Nothing in these rules shall' ex-
onerate any ship, or the owner, or master, or
•crew thereof, from the consequences of kny neg-
lect to carry lights or signals, or of any neglect
to keep a proper lookout, or of the neglect of
any precaution which may be required by th'e
ordinary practice of seamen, or by the special
circumstances of the case.
Approved, April 29, 1864.
Chap. LXX.—An Act to provide for the Collec-
tion of Hospital Dues from Vessels of the
United States sold or transferred in Foreign,
Ports or Waters.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativesvf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in case of the sale or transfer of
any vessel of the United States in a foreign port
or water, the consul, vice consul, commercial
agent, or vice commercial agent of the United
States within whose consulate or district such
sale or transfer shall have been made, or in whose
hands the papers of such vessel shall be, be and
he is hereby authorized and required to collect of
the master or agent of such vessel, all moneys
that shall have become due to the United States
under and by virtue of the act entitled "An act
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen," ap-
proved July sixteenth, seventeen hundred and
ninety-eight, and shall remain unpaid at the time
of such sale or transfer; and that the said con-
sul, vice consul, commercial agent, or vice com-
mercial agent, (as the case may be,) be, and lie
is hereby, instructed and required to retain pos-
session of the papers of such vessel until such
money shall have been paid as herein provided;
and in default of which, such sate or transfer
shall be void, excepting as against the vendor:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect until
the expiration of sixty days from and after its
passage.
Approved, April 29, 1864.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act to increase the Com-
pensation of Inspectors of Customs in certain
Forts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be,and he hereby is, authorized to increase the
compensation of inspectors of customs in such
ports as he may think it advisable so to do, and
may designate, by adding to the present compen-
sation of said officers a sum not exceeding one
dollar per day. But the increase hereby author-
ized shall not extend beyond July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five. ;
"Approved, April 29, 1864.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act in Reference to Dona-
tion Claims in Oregon and Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentat Ives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever it shall appear that two
donation settlers in theState of Oregon or Wash-
ington Territory shall hold their conterminous
improvements in such a manner as may require
a half quarter section to be divided into two equal
parts by a line north and south or east and west,
it shall and may'be lawful for the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to issue patents rec-
ognizing for each claimant such subdivisions;
this enactment to include cases existing at the
date of this act, where the claim may be proved
and established according to law.
Approved, April 29, 1864. m
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Post-
masters who have been robbed by Confederate
Forces or Rebel Guerrillas.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Timt hi c\[ eases whcie loyul postwar
