740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Off'the control of any man, whoever he-may be,
"however large his virtues or wisdom may be. I
will not say that he would, by secret operations,
control these great financial movements, these
great monetary interests, which so pervade and
ramify through all the avenues of trade and com-
merce; but I will not trust any man with the power
thus to go into the market and control the cur-
rency in that way. No, sir; if it is to be done,
let it be done in an open and fair manner, after
public advertisement for a proper time, and then
there will be competition, then gold wiil come
down. If it is desirable that gold should come
down, if gentlemen would not follow the advice
of the rebel Lamar, they will vote for my amend-
ment.
Mr, STEVENS. I did not expect this matter
would occupy the whole day. I am anxious to
getatand passalittlo bill to save the public lands
from being sold for taxes. When it was pro-
posed to take up and pass this bill this morning,
i supposed the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fernando Wood] was anxious to relieve the
merchants of his city from the high price of gold,
but now I find that he wanted the bill brought up
mainly for the purpose of delivering a speech,
which had been very ably prepared, upon polit-
ical questions. As, however, now it seems that
the merchants of New York do not desire relief;
as I see from the course of their Representatives
"Upon this floor that they are willing to be ground
down between the upper and nether millstone, I
think it is proper that we should have further
consideration of this matter in the Committee of
Ways and Means, where it has not yet been con-
sidered at all maturely. There are now three
important amendments offered which it may be
proper to incorporate in this bill in some shape,
so a« to make it work well. 1 therefore move to
recommit it to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with permission to report at any time.
Mr. LONG. I have offeied a very important
amendment,and I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania wiii yield to me in order that I may ex-
plain it tn the FIou.se.
Mr. STEVENS, I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. I am nemly suffocated now, and 1 cannot
stand any more.
:Mr. VOORHEKS. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will not be sus-
tained.
Mr. STEVENS moved thepievious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEA f\ER. Is there any objection tn
permitting the Committee of Ways and Means
to leport at any time?
Mr. ANCONA. 1 object.
Mr.VOORUEES called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer.
The yens and nays were no( ordered.
Mr. WA&nBUUNE, of Illinois 1 will not
vote against the motion to lofer if it be understood
that the Committer* of Ways and Means shall
have pnwei h> report at nny time
Mr. I!A NDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
inquire ofthe Chair whether it is in order, if this
matter be recommitted, to direct the Committee of
Ways and Means to i eport to-mortow? ] dep-
recate all delay m regai d to this important matter,
and I want it settled as soon as possible.
The SPEAKER. It is not in th" power of the
House, except by unanimous con.stnt, lo lequiie
a committee to report at any paiiieular time.
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
hope theie will be unanimous consent. 1 want a
speedy decision of this matter, so that the de< ision
may be known and not withheld that .speculators
may profit thereby.
There was no objection; and the matter was ac-
cordingly recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions* to report to-mor-
row.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the matter was iccommitud; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tab'e.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXES ON aOVISUNMEKT JgANDS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, called
up the joint resolution (H.R. No. 31) making ap-
propriation for the payment of taxes on certain
lands owned by the United States. It appropriates,
to pay taxes on lands owned by theUnited States,
the sum of $20,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. This is an import-
ant matter, and if I were allowed time to look into
it I might be able to furnish the House with some
information on the subject, I understand that
the taxes which this resolution proposes to have
paid were illegally assessed.
Mr. STEVENS. The joint resolution is re-
ported on information furnished by theTreasuiy.
The lands are situated m the State of Iowa, and
the Government had to take them from defaulters.
The taxes are due, and if not paid the lands will
be sold. The appropriation is necessary, and I
do not see what objection can be made to it. The
amount is only $20,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is a
good deal.
Mr. ALLISON. The lands in question are in
my district. They have come into the hands of
the Government on account of the prosecution of
defaulting officers. Unless the taxes arc paid the
lands wiil be sold.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman withdraw the demand for the previous
question, that I may offer an amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by adding to the resolution, "and that the
Secretaiy of the Treasury be directed to report to
this blouse where these lands arc situated, and
what is the amount of taxes paid.5*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, I should like to offer
this amendment:
Provided, That lit cases when* the Secretary of the Trcas-
tuy is sanMi'-il that the taxes have been illegally levied,
none <>} the nione) licu'ln appiopiiatc<l shall he applied tn
payment of |)ie ftiim , hut pint en] in;.'-; .-hall at once be com-
menced (f  enjoin the collection of such taxes.
Mr. STEVENS. I can not yield for that amend-
ment. I hope there will be no such embarrass-
ment offeied. I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
COMPENSATION OF CUSTOM-IIOUSE OFFICERS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means Senate bill No. 60, to increase the com-
pensation of inspectors of customs in certain ports;
which was referred to the Committeeof the Whole
on the statu of the Union.
OOXtfTlU'CTlON OF THIi ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. ODELL asked unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee on Military Affairs a
joint t evolution construing the act approved July
37, IH(M, calling out the militia for nine months,
m> as to entitle men called out under its provis-
ions to be p.ud the bounty of twenty-five dollars.
Mr. ELI07* objected.
Mr. ODELL. I am rather surprised that the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts would object, as
petitions on the subject fiom his own constituents
have been i efeni'd to us.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. VOORITEES. If the resolution is founded
on petitions fiom the constituents of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts I object to it.
Mr. ODELL. 1 hope the objection will be
withdrawn. It i s only a declaratory resolution
of the intent, and meaning of the enrollment bill.
Mr. VOORHEES withdrew his objection.
The joint ie^n]ution was reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, and read afiist
and second time.
Mr. ODELL. Many petitions have been re-
ferred to the Military Committee on this subject,
and under the instruction of that committee 1
have leported this resolution. The President
called for one hundred thousand militia for nine
months. A large portion of these nine months'
men received the bounty of twenty five dollars,
and another poition did not. Tins joint resolu-
tion simply extends that act to the effect that each
man shall uceive twenty-five dollars. It is an
act of justice to the soldiers, who are waiting for
this money.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, Jt was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr ODELL moved to reconsiderthe vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business. FREEdMEN's AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
51, to'establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs,
reported from the select committee on the subject,
on which the gentleman from California [Mr.
Cole] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE, of California. Mr. Speaker, since
obtaining the floor last evening, I have found a
little time to condense such views of this bill as
I wished to present to the House, and the few
notes I have prepared will contribute sensibly to
that desirable end. The time of this body while
the war lasts, I say it with all deference, is too
precious to be taken up with vain utterances,and
I acknowledge to a very considerable degree of
diffidence, lost betrayed I should be into the use
of unnecessary words.
It is clear now that the learned gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] who lost addressed the House on
this question, and who has written a book—I do
not intend to impeach the literary character of
other gentlemen from that State; each one, for
aught i know, may have written a book; neither
do I desire to manifest any of that malevolent
spirit that Job displayed when he exclaimed, " Oh
that mine adversary had written a book!"—but
the literary gentleman fiom Ohio has not always
entertained the opinions in reference to the negro
that are generally accoided to him. The elegantly
written extracts that were read fiom The Puck-
eye Abroad by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburnc] show that when its author was in
Rome he did as the Romans do, and 1 entertain
a lively hope that when he becomes fully con-
vinced that it is the fixed purpose of the nation
to put down this insurrection by force, and in no
other way, he will again pay respect to the in-
junction, " when in Rome do as the Romansdo,"
and beat tily cooperate with this side of the House,
lending his poweiful influence toward bringing
about a peace in the only proper way. In fact, I
thought I discovered in some of his expressions
last evening the outcroppings of genuine aboli-
tionism. I should feel a little more certain on this
point were it not that another and rather antag-
onistic idea seemed to predominate throughout the
gentleman's speech. He appears to be troubled
with a sort of hallucination that the piojcctto
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affans is one
grand scheme for the amalgamation of the white
and the black races, nothing less, nothing more.
1 have m vain tried to discover how the pro-
viding the means of subsistence for thefreedmcn,
and all the comfoi ts that How from paid industiy,
can have a tendency to promote amalgamation;
and, notwithstanding the gentleman's moat vir-
tuous indignation against the bill, springing out
[ of this idea, I am equally at a loss to know how
] persons who are exeicising their own volition,
| and ha\e pei feet fi ecdom of action, ai e any woiso
I off in regard to this matter than those whose pur-
i poses aie subordinated by law to the desires of
I otheisi.
If the gentleman will consult the census re-
ports he will find that the number of mulattoesm
the single State of Virginia was some ten thou-
sand more than in all the frre States put together;
and if his statement be correct, that mulatious do
not propagate, it leaves a very strong presump-
tion that amalgamation had something to do with
tins result.
The gentleman entertains strong feelings of dis-
taste toward thin side of the House, because, as
he somehow infers, we are theoretically in favor
of amalgamation; and I will not quanel with that
feeling so honestly entertained by him; for I re-
member thet de gu&libwtnon dhputaadum, and this
business of amalgamating is purely a matter of
taste. Hut how happens it that the very learned
and astute gentleman from Ohio never conceived
any disgust toward his quondam friends down
South, who, as the census shows, were so very
much addicted to the practice of amalgamating
with their black slaves?
