•]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isa
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
be seleeted by the president and directors of said
railroad company so permitted to connect their
said road, and the said railroad company so per-
mitted to connect shall have the right and privi-
lege to transport, or have transported, over the
track of said railroad, for the construction of
which the said lands are hereby granted, all or
any of its cars, passengers, or'freights, and the
said railroad company controlling the said road,
for the construction of which the said lands are
hereby granted, shall have the same right and
privilege to transport or have transported all or
any of its cars, freights, or passengers, over the
track of the said railroad of the company so per-
mitted to connect, and said transportation shall be
paid by the railroad company using, to the rail-
road company according the same, at the usual
rates or charges which may be imposed by the
said company upon all other cars, freights, or
passengers.
Approved, May 5, 1864.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act granting Lands to aid
in the Construction of certain Railroads in the
State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
to the State of Wisconsin, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of a railroad from a
point on the Saint Croix river or lake, between
townships twenty-five and thirty-one, to the west
end of Lake Superior, and from some point on
the line of said railroad, to be selected by said
State, to Bayfield, every alternate section of pub-
lic land designated b,y odd numbers, for ten sec-
tions in width on each side of said road, deduct-
ing any and all lands that may have been granted
to the State of Wisconsin for the same purpose;
by the act of Congress of June three, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, upon the same terras and
conditions as are contained in the act grantm°-
lands to the State of Wisconsin, to aid in the
construction of railroads in said State, approved
June three, eighteen hundred and fifty-six. But
in case it shall appear that the United States have,
when the line or rou^e of said road is definitely
fixed, sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed of,
any sections or parts thereof, granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption or home-
stead has attached to the same, then it shall be
lawful for any agent or agents, to be appointed by
said company, to select, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior, from the public
lands of the United States nearest to the tier of
sections above specified, as much land in alter-
nate sections or parts of sections, as shall be
equal to such lands as the United States have
sold or otherwise appropriated, or to which the
right of preemption or homestead has attached as
aforesaid, which lands (thus selected in lieu of
those sold, and to which preemption or home-
stead right has attached as aforesaid, together
with sections and parts of sections designated by
odd numbers as aforesaid, and appropriated as
aforesaid,) shall be held by said State for I he use
and purpose aforesaid : Provided, That the lands
to be so located shall in no case he further than
twenty miles from the line of the said roads, nor
shall such selection or location be made in lieu of
lands received under thesaid grant of June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, but such selection
and location may be made for the benefit of said
State, and for the purpose aforesaid, to supply
any deficiency under the said grant of June third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, should any such
deficiency exist.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and is hereby, granted to the State of Wisconsin,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of
a railroad from the town of Tomah, in the county
of Monroe, in said State, to the Saint Croix river
or lake, between townships twenty-five and tlnr-
ty-one, every alternate section of public land des-
ignated by odd numbers for ten sections in width
on each side of said road, deducting any and all
lands that may have been granted to the State of
Wisconsin for the same purpose, by the act of
Congress granting lands to said State to aid in the
construction of certain railroads, approved June
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, upon the
same terms and conditions as are contained in the
said act of June three, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six. But in case it shall appear that the United
States have, when the line or route of said road
is definitely fixed, sold, reserved, or otherwise
disposed .of any sections, or parts of sections,
granted as aforesaid, or that the right of pre-
emption or homestead has attached tothe same,
then it shall be lawful for any agent or agents to
be ap'pointed by said State to select, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, from
the public lands of the United States nearest to
the tier of sectionsabove specified,as much land,
in alternate sections, or parts of sj^tions, as shall
be equal to such lands as the United States have
*old, or otherwise appropriated, or to which the
right of preemption or homestead has attached,
as aforesaid, which lands (thus selected in lieu of
those sold, and to which preemptipn or homestead
right has attached as aforesaid, together with sec-
tions and parts of sections, designated by odd
numbers as aforesaid, and appropriated as afore-
said,) shall be held Iry said State for the use and
purpose aforesaid: Provided, That the lands to be
so located shall in no case be further than twenty
miles from the line of the said road, nor shall
such selection or location be made in lieu of lands
received under the said grantof June three,eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, but such selections'
and locations may be made for the benefit of said
State, and for the purpose aforesaid, to supply
any deficiency under the said grantof June three,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, should any such
deficiency exist.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
be, and is hereby, granted to the State of Wis-
consin, for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Portage City, Berlin, Do-
ty's Island, or Fon du Lac, as said State may
determine, in a northwestern direction to Bay-
field, and thence to Superior, on Lake Superior,
every alternate section of public land, designated
by odd numbers, for ten sections in width on each
side of said road, upon the same terms and con-
ditions as are contained in the act granting lands
to said State to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in said State, approved June three, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six. But in case it shall
appear that the United States have, when the
line or route of said road is definitely fixed, sold,
reserved, or otherwise disposed of any sections
or parts thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the
light of preemption or homestead has attached
to the same, that it shall be lawful for any agent
or agents of said State, appointed by the Gov-
ernor thereof, to select, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior, from the lands
of the United States nearest to the tier of sec-
tions above specified, as much public land in alter-
nate sections, or parts of sections, as shall be
equal to such lands as the United States have
sold or otherwise appropriated, or to which the
light of preemption or homestead lias attached
as aforesaid, which lands (thus selected in lieu
of those sold and to which the right of preemp-
tion or homestead has attached as aforesaid, to-
gether with sections and parts of sections desig-
nated by odd numbers as aforesaid, and appro-
priated as aforesaid) shall be held by said State,
or by the company to which she may transfer the
same, for the use and purpose aforesaid: Pro-
tided, That the lands to be so located shall in no
case be further than twenty miles from the line of
said road.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of lands which shall
remain to the United States within ten miles on
each side of said roads shall not be sold for less
than double the minimum price of the public lands
when sold; nor shall any of the said reserved
lands become subject to private entry until the
same have been first offered at public sale at the
increased price.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the time
fixed and limited for the completion of said roads
in the actafoiesaid of June three, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, be, and the sameis hereby, ex-
tended to a period of five yearsfromand after the
passage of this act.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That any and
all lands reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress for the purpose of aiding in any ob-
ject of internal improvement, or-in any manner'
for any purpose whatsoever, and all mineral lands
be, and the same are hereby, reserved and ex-
cluded from the operation of this act, except so
far as it may be found necessary to locate .the
route of such railroads through such reserved
lands, in which case the right of .way only shall
be granted, subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the'companies to which this grant is" made,
or to which the same may be transferred, shall
have completed twenty consecutive miles of any
portion of said railroads, supplied with all neces-
sary drains, culverts, viaducts, crossings, sidings,
bridges, turn-outs, watering-places, depots, equip-
ments, furniture, and all other appurtenances of
a first-class railroad, patents shall issue convey-
ing the right and title to said lands to the said
company entitled thereto, on each side of the
road, so far as the same is completed, and coterm-
inous with said completed section, not exceed-
ing the amount aforesaid, and patents shall in like
manner issue as each twenty miles of said road
is completed: Provided,however, That no patents
shall issue forany of said lands unless there shall
be presented to the Secretary of the Interior a
statement, verified on oath or affirmation by the
president of said company^ and certified by the
Governor of the State of Wisconsin, that such
twenty miles have been completed in the man-
ner required by this act, and setting forth with
certainty the points where such twenty miles be-
gin and where the same end; which oath shall be
taken before a judge of a court of, record of the
United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted shall, when patented as pro-
vided in section seven of this act, be subject to
the disposal of the companies respectively enti-
tled thereto, for the purposes aforesaid, and no
other, and the saidrailroadsbe,and shall remain,
public highways for the use of the Government of
the United States, free from all toll or othercharge,
for the transportation of any property or troops of
the United States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if said
road mentioned in the third section aforesaid ia
not completed within ten years from the time of
the passage of this act, as provided herein, no
further patents shall be issued to said company
for said lands, and no further sale shall be made,
apd the lands unsold shall revert to the United
States.
Approved, May 5,.1864.
Chap. LXXXL—An Act to amend an Act to in-
corporate the Inhabitants of the City of Wash-
ington, passed May fifteen, eighteen hundred
and twenty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the first paragraph of section
eigiit of an act to incorporate the inhabitants of
the city of Washington, passed May fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and twenty, be amended so as
to read as follows: That the said corporation shall
have full power and authority to lay taxes on
particular wards, parts, or sections of the city,
for their particular local improvements, and to
cause the curb-stones to be set, the foot and car-
liage ways to be graded and paved, or so much
thereof as they may deem best, and the neces-
sary sew^ago and drainage facilities to be intro-
duced under and upon the whole or any portion
ofany avenue, street,*>r alley, and also to cause
the' same to be suitably paved and repaired, and
to be at all times properly cleaned and watered,
and also to cause lamps to be erected therein, and
to light the same, and to pay the cost thereof
out of the funds of the ward in which such im-
provement shall be made; this provision not to
be construed as repealing, but being intended as
auxiliary to the power they already possess to
makelocal improvements on the application of the
owners of property benefited thereby.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That imme-
diately upon the approval of this act the said
corporation shall designate some proper officer
thereof whose duty it shall be to see that the pro-
visions of this act are flfcoperiy executed, and that
