U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ingrates who hold nightly carnival at Richmond
over the wasted victims of famine, and whoso
requital for support long rendered is torture and
death—these fiends in human shajse have already-
entailed upon this Government, which they can-
)iot destroy, an enormous public debt; and it is
a matter of the first importance to prevent as far
.as possible its augmentation; and among the live-
liest considerations for engaging the colored man
in ihe Army is that it is great economy to do so.
, The African's powers of endurance, whether in
marching tinder a southern sun or laboring in in-
tvenchments, surpasses that of the white man,
and as a consequence his sanitary condition is
better. So far as I have been able to gather facts,
it excels that of the white soldiers in the propor-
tion of five to one.
It has been stated—I do not vouch for the fact,
for I have not the data before me—that since this
war began as many of the Union soldiers have
perished fiom disease and hardship as in battle.
«Jf this be true, or nearly true, it furnishes another
strong argument to the point under consideration.
Besides the hardiness and prudcncc of the colored
soldier, he possesses a most commendable aptness
for subsisting himself in an enemy's country.
The training he has received, in many instances
from niggardly masters, eminently fits him for
this important duty.
But there is another point of view from which
it will appear to be great cconomy to employ slaves
as soldiers. A sufficient and satisfactory bounty
for them, if we offer them no more, is their free-
dom and that of their race. They demand no
further subsidy than the privilege of vindicating
their rights, their " inalienable rights,5' of life,
liberty, and labor. And shall we not accord them
this poor privilege? Rather, shall we not avail
ourselves of an opportunity to save millions upon
millions which otherwise would need to bo paid
as bounties hi order to keep filled our serried
ranks? The aid of the bondman to humble or de-
stroy his and our own would-be proud oppressor
can be obtained without the. expensive routine of
the eniollment and draft; and it shames me that
he whose participation in the blessings of the
Republic has been so limited should be among
the foremost in its defense.
Another fact must not be overlooked. Deser-
tions rarely occur among the colored troops.
Prom the general framework of our military
laws, one is foiced to the conclusion that it has
been thu purpose of the country to fill up and keep
up the armies from other sources, and quite in-
dependently of the slaves.
The eniollment act as it now stands reads, " all
able-bodied male citizens of the United States"
shall be liable to do military duty; and this in the
face of the fact that colored people aie not counted
citizens, certainly not in the States whete slavery
is now or was lately practiced. So that this class
of people have been virtually excluded from mil-
itary duty under tho law. And in the amended
bill that passed this House on Saturday Inst you
have incorporated a provision making them apait
of the national forces; but you declaie that the
usual bounty payable to the drafted man shall
not be paid to the colored soldier when drafted,
nor to his family, but to a third party, even to
the man to whom that same soldier has, upon
compulsion, rendered the service of a lifetime.
What justice, what logic, in such a law? It is
the old justice of the sluvemonger. It is the logic
of the tyrant; and shall we never lise above them?
Must ourRepublicbe furtherscourged with bloody
thongs before we can do right?
There is little room for disagreement among
ioyul men upon the proposition that our Army
ought to be increased; and is this policy of dis-
couraging enlistments with a whole class to be
continued, even by implication? Such certainly
will he the just inference if we now fail to adopt
the provisions of this act for a Freed men's Bureau.
Do gentlemen suppose that we have already
enough colored troops in our Army, and that we
need no more of them? Or has the cruelty of the
rebels toward these men deterred the Congress
from tendering an equal provision to avail our-
selvesoftheirfurther assistance? Would the trai-
tors, think you, forbear to make use of such an
agency if they had it within their reach? While
they dare not putmms in the hands of slaves, they
are nevertheless conscripting them to labor on for-
tifications. In the Globe of but the other day was
a statement that Extra Billy Smith, now Gov-
ernor of old Virginia, lately of California, and an
exceedingly anxious candidate for United States
Senator from there, had ordered a draft for five
thousand slaves in certain counties, to work on
fortifications. Neither General Smith nor any
other traitor has any scruples about this matter.
As to the feasibility of obtaining colored re-
cruits, it is preposterous to deny it. We have
already, according to reports, some fifty to a
hundred thousand of them in the school of the
soldier or under arms. Nearly all of these are
from within the rebel lines, and there are full half
a million more of them there precisely in the pre-
dicament of so many prisoners, scattered over
half a million square miles, surrounded by an im-
aginary wall thousands of miles in extent. Only
encourage theii coming forth, and the entire rebel
army j though it had no other duty, would present
but a feeble barrier to their escape.
It is gratifying to know that some of our offi-
cers have a keen appreciation of the advantages
to flow from this arm of the service; and among
them, as worthy of mention, is that live man,
who fully understands the rebel character and
comprehends the emergency, Major General But-
ler. How far they are to be supported and encour-
aged by the Government rests with this Con-
gress, and that is the question.
There is too much of the chivalrous spirit of
McClellan and Porter and Patterson in the Army
yet; too much of West Point punctilio, and too
little of earnest determination to conquer. Un-
less this nation awakes to the emergency, and takes
hold of the instrumentalities that God in His wis-
dom has provided, this usurpation will not be put
down.
The people have not yet fully made up their
minds that slavery, tho Jonah of our ship, must
go overboard. Gentlemen on the other side of
the House seem exceedingly anxious to save some
remnants of it; and if for that end they will dis-
courage the enlistment of white men, much more
may they be expected to oppose the enlistment
of negroes, which at once strikes at the root of
slavery and saps the foundation of their party.
It will require greater audacity than most of the
gentlemen on that side of the House possess to
return to slaveiy a man after he has fought for
his countiy.
In my judgment, this war is not nearly over
It possesses a most dangerous clement of despe-
ration; and unless you are willing to totally dis-
card the policy that at first and for a long time
controlled it, by arming the slaves, you will not
see the end. Already a thousand days and nights
have the people waited and watched, but peace
has not come. Hope has frequently brought it
to our doors, but like a phantom husitfled again.
Self-delusion may be a pleasant, but it is a most
unprofitable business. Armies will move in the
spring; other battles will be fought, and fields now
unnamed will become noted in the history of this
war. Its greatest hero is perhaps still unknown
to fame. You may depend upon it, peace has
been already postponed by our acting upon the
. belief that it is near. We have turned aside to
1 discuss the rights of traitors, to the forgctfulness
| of the moie important rights of humanity. The
i so-called rights of i ebullious States have received
; a great deal of attention at our hands already, and
all to no purpose, unless you first put an end to
the rule of the slavemongers there.
This that we are dealing with is in no proper
sense a rebellion as understood in this day. It
is a most impudent usurpation of power by a lit-
tle junto of men who had been too long trusted by
the people. From the very commencement they
j| have maintained themselves by military nile, and
p in no other marinei. They have entirely discarded
the plainly expressed will of the nation, and bold-
j ly undertaken to subvert free government. The
wonder is—if there be anything wonderful under
the sun—that they should have had the unbridled
audacity to undertake this thing while professing
to be Democrats, and to respect republican insti-
tutions. But to the philosopher this may not seem
strange.
The contest between truth and error is not less
active now than at any former period of the world's
history. It is said, truth crushed to earth will
use again; and the same should be said of error,
for it is constantly putting on new habiliments,
the better to appeal to the passions of men. In
fact, nothing has yet appeared upon earth, how-
ever good, wise, just, or beneficent, but it has met
with opposition. Persecutions did not begin in
the case of John Brown of Ossawatomie. Even
lie in whom both Jew and Gentile now concede
there was no guile was pursued, persecuted, and
crucified in his own country. Galileo was forced
to disavow his sublime theory of the planetary
motions. Socrates the Just, was made to drink
the fatal hemlock. Religion, science, literature,
law, government, have advanced through strifes,
contentions, blood. As a general rule, the greater
the virtue the more violent the assaults upon it.
And our glorious Republic constitutes no excep-
tion: its destruction is sought,and nocause what-
ever is alleged by its assailants for their wicked
coursc.
Apologists for crime have always been found;
and this great crime, this crimeagainst the whole
human race, this crime, scarcely second in mag-
nitude to the crucifixion, does not lack its apolo-
gists. They are found everywhere, even in this
Capitol. But no traitor, no abettor oftreason, has
had the temerity to charge any wrong against the
Government of the United States. On the con-
trary, up to the very moment of the breaking out
of the rebellion, it was proclaimed by men of all
parties, and everywhere, to be the wisest, the
best, most just and beneficent Government that
had ever been established in the world. And none
were so loud in these declarations as were the
very persons who for the last three years have
been trying to overthrow it; and none had en-
joyed its blessings to so great a degree.
Alexander H. Stephens, lately a member upon
this floor, and now the usurping vice president,
addressed a convention in his own State of Geor-
gia, after the rebellion was inaugurated, and made
use of the following language:
u r.-iuse, I intreat you, and consider for a moment what
reasons you can give that will even satisfy yourselves* in
calmer moments; what reasons you can give to your fel-
low-sufferers in the calamity that it will'biinj* upon u< .
What leasons can you give to the nations of the earth to
justify n ? They will be the calm and deliberate judges in
the case ; and to what cause or one overt act can you name
or point on which to rest the plea of justification? What
right ha* the North assailed? What interest of the South
has been invaded? What justice has been denied? And
what claim founded in justice and right has been withheld?
Can either of you to-duy name one governmental act of t> rong,
deliberately and purposely done by the Government of Wash-
ington* of which the South has a right to complaint I chal-
lenge the answer,'17 "* * * * " Leaving out
of view, for the present, the countless millions of dollats
j ou must expend in a war with the North ; with tens of
thousands of your sons and brothers slam in battle, and
offered up as sacrifices upon the altar of your ambition—
and for what, wc ask again? Tsitfoi the overthiovvol the
Amencan Government, established by our common ances-
try, cemented and built up by their sweat and blood, and
founded on the bioad ptineiples of right, justiee, and hu-
manity? .And, as such, I must declare here. as I have often
done before, and which has been repeated by the greatest and
wisest statesmen and patriots in this and other lands, that it
is the best and freest Gorernment; the most equal in its
rights; the most just in its decisions ; the most lement in it?
measures; and the most inspiring xn its principles to elevate
the i ace of men that the sun of heaven ever shove upon.77
Wo parallel fortius rebellion can be found in his-
tory. The conspiracy of Catiline approximates it
most closely; but the Government against which
he plotted possessed few of the excellencies of
our own. In one particular have our American
traitors faithfully copied after their Roman ex-
emplar. They sought to destroy the Republic
while yet intrusted with its affairs; and as with
Catiline, so with our modern conspirators,ingrat-
itude is conspicuous among their crimes.
While history furnishes no parallel to the re-
bellion of Jeff. Davis and his coadjutors, we are
not without a picture of their perfidy, for which
we are indebted to thegenius ofthat great English
republican and poet, Milton. He has shown us
how Satan and his followers—a motley crew—
rebelled against the authority of Heaven, and for
precisely the reason that they were not permitted
to control there. They preferred to rule in hell
rather than serve in heaven. And so with our
late ex-President, our ex-Vice President, ex-heads
of Departments, Senators, members of Congress,
ministers to foreign courts, embassadors, consuls,
and dignitaries in large number, who hover about
the slave-pens of Richmond, and make their head-
quarters there. Forgetting entirely the source
whence was derived all the authority they ever had,
they discard the verdict of their masters, the peo-
ple, and set up for themselves an empire founded
upon slavery; even upon slavery possessed of all
