-1788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Federal Government, That was objectionable be- j
cause of the number, and not because of the method j
of payment. But the proviso not only leaves !
the indefmiteness in respect to the numl^p of ofa- j
cors to be appointed, butitprovides also that the j
compensation of these officers shall be defrayed |
by the manufacturers of these " spirits, refined coal |
oil, or other oil, tobacco, cigars, and other arti-
cles" to boinspected; so that the Secretary may,
if he pleases, appoint ten, twenty, or fifty thou-
sand inspectors, and saddle their compensation
upon the manufacturers.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman will allow me
to interrupt him, just to say that whatever com-
pensation is paid these inspectors will be in the
shape of fees, so that it makes no difference ,so
far as the expense is concerned, whether a hun-
dred officers are appointed or only one. And not
only that, but the proposition is already in the
existing law, and ! have never heard of any dif-
ficulty occurring in consequence of it.
Mr. BROOKS. This proviso is that these in-
spectors shall be paid by the manufacturer.
Mr. KASSON. That is the provision of law
now.
Mr. BROOX^S. Well, sir, I call the attention
of the committee to two objections to this section
as the. gentleman from Vermont proposes toamend
it: that it provides for an indefinite number
of officer#!; and, second, that it saddles the ex-
penses of those officers upon the manufacturers.
The section itself is objectionable, and the pro-
viso makes it still more objectionable.
Mr. GANSON. I think that the mode of
compensation is still more objectionable.
The CH AIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by stiiking out the last line. It seems to
me that this will make it the interest of the ap-
pointee to cheat the Government and to side with
tho party whose articles are to be inspected. I
r think the principle is wrong so far as the mode
of compensation is concerned.
Mr. MORRILL. Practically this has been in
opetation sjnee the passage of the otiginal law,
and there hns been no difficulty about it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. IjRooks]
srty.s that the Set retaiy of the Treasury can ap-
point numberless officers. Now how much influ-
ence can the Secretary of the Treasury hove by
the appointment of officers who get nothing?
One word in record to the other objection.
These fees are regulated by law. Every man
who inspects gets precisely the same fee. If. is
a provision of Jaw that the owners of linseed oil,
distilled spirits, and tobacco shall pay these fees.
That is no new provision.
Mr. GANNON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was agreed t.o.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to strike out the
section as amended.
I wish lo say, Mr. Chairman, that this mode
of compensating inspectors, instead of being a
means of cheating the Government or anybody
else, brings two pi inciples to bear which will have
an opposite result. The distiller will have an
interest lo represent the rfumber of biurets ns
small as possible, and the man who is paid so
much per barrel for inspecting will have an inter-
est to umkinhe number as large as possible. In-
stead of being the means of baud i think that it
protects the interests of the Government as well
as those of the distiller.
The amendment was rejected.
Mi. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
woid "is 'mid insert "are," to strike out the
woi cl 44 and" and also the woids "and the fees of
such inspector shall m all cases be paid by the
owner of the sjmits so inspected, gauged, and
proved;''so that it will read:
Sec. 55. .ivJhcd fiothcrcnactal, That all spirits distilled |
as a!'on:-><ud uy any p<-i*on licen-edas afore&aid shall, be- 1
fore the s-amo uie u-ed, oi i enioved for .my pm po-e, bo in- '
apected. and p)o\o<l l>v some inspector appointed 1
for the puioi maueo oi Mich duties, wito s.liall mark upon
the cask ot other package eontammg s>ueh f-p.rits, in a
manner to be pi escribed by said Commissioner, the quan-
tity and pioot oi ilic conn-nt:- of such ca-.k or package,
with the date of inspection and the name ofthe inspector,
and shall make, a tennu of all spmt^ so inspected, and tho
name ofthe dr?s*llej.to the a-^ei^oj of Ibe distuet; and
ihe dutv imposed by law !-hall be a-^ess'-d and p.iid m> all
spirits co uwpeeted and not removed f« i ihwitii to a bonded
wmHiouse. And unv person who shall attempt fraudu-
lently to evade the payment of duties upon any spirits dis-
tilled as aforesaid, by changing in any maimer the maik
upon any such cask oi package, shnii torieit the sum of
$500 for each cas-k or package so altered or ehanged, to
be recovered a? huien.beiore piovidcd. And any such
inspector who shall knowingly put upon any such cas-k
or package any fal-e or fiaudulent mark s ba!l be liable
to tii,e same penalty hereinbefore provided tor each cask
or package *o fraudulently maiked. And any person who
shall tiaudulenily use any ca-?k oi package &o marked for
the purpose of selling any otherspirits thamhatso inspected,
or for selling spirits'of a quality oi quantity different from
that so inspected, shall be subject to a like penalty for each
cask or package so used.
- The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move before ■ the word
"fraudulently," in the last sentence, to insert
the words "purchase or sell any empty casks
with inspection maiks thereon, or who shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert before the
last word " purchased, sold, or. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to strike out the
word "assessor" and in lieu thereof to insert
"collector." Jf that be agreed to I shall move
to strike out the word " assessed."
The reason I move the amendment is this: if
this return is to he made to the assessor it may
be three months before it reaches the collector,
and the Government will thus be detained from
getting, for some time, the tax upon the oil. I
have icference to oil especially, as i am interested
in that. It seems to mo better to make the return
at once. It should be collected at once.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Src. 5fi. And he it fuithcr cnadal, That the owner or
owners of any distillery or of! refinery may erect, at his
or their own expense},a warehouse ot uon,stone, or brick,
with metal or oth<rfu<. pmoi' loot, and such warehouse,
when nppioved by the collector, ir- hereby declared a
bonded warehouse of the United States, and shall be u'-ed
only for storing dialled sjmiH oi lefined coal oil, and lo
be under the custody ol the eoNectoi ot ht-> deputv. And
the duty on the spuiV oi oil -stored in Mich warehouse shall
be paid'befoie i! ]-> sold <>r lemovd fiom such warehouse
foi sate, unless teniovcd to another bonded waieiiouoc in
pmsiiawee ot law.
Mr. MORRILL T move to strike out the
word "erect" and in lieu thereof to insert "pro-
vide."
The amendment v/as agreed to.
Mi. MORRILL. I move to, insert after the
words "coal oil" the woids "or naphtha."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 move to stiike out the words
" sold or," " lor sale," and " to another bonded
warehouse;" so that it will read:
And the duty on the spuits ot oil sto>ed in such ware-
house shall be p.ud bel<ue it i> removed from such waie-
hoiiso, unb'Ss lemoved 1,1 puisuaii"e of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifty-seventh section having been read,
Mr. MORRILL moved to amend by inserting
after the woi ds " coal oil," wherever they occur,
the words "and naphtha."
The amendments weie agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
eleven by stiikuigout "assessor" and inserting
"collector," so as to provide that the collector
shall take the bonds reijunod by the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. . i move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "paid," in the forty-second
line, the words " to the collector of the customs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I ni"v%* to amend by insett-
I ing after the woid " warehouse," m the foity-
sixtil line, the woids "or dishilei y."
The amendment w«s agreed to
Mr. MOI'RILL. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing after the woid " aforesaid," in the fifty-sixth
line, the following:
And the said colb'ctoi o<" custom-' ihail account for and
pay over to the Commr-ionei ol Internal Revenue the
moneys collected unds/t the piuvi-ions of this f-cction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the scction
by sinking out the words "said bonds and other
security to be taken by the collector of the distiict
from which such removal is made." The object
is t<> leave that as well ■. ?? the other portions of
the waiehouse law to hi- contioMed by the rules
and regulations which aie aheady established.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend by add-
ing to the section the following:
That the collector of any district may grant a permit lo
the ownei or owneisof any distilleiy within his dtstuctto
send or ship any spirit*, the product of said di- tiileiy,aft<;r
the quantity and proof thereof shall have been a>ceitained
by inspection according to the provisions of this act, to any
place without said distuct and within the United Statetj
and ia &ucii case the bill of lading or receipt (winch shall
be in such form as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may direct) of the same shall be taken in the name of the
collector of the district in which the distillery is situate, and
the spiuts aforesaid shall be consigned, in such bill of lading
or receipt, to the collector of thedistiict in which the place
is situate, whither the spirits is sent or shipped, and the
amount ol duties upon said spirits shall be stated m the
leceipt; and upon the arrival of the spirits, and upon the
demand of the collector aforesaid, the agtmt of the distil-
lery (and the name of theagent, for the convenience of the
collector, shall alwaysappearm the bill of lading or receipt)
shall pay the duties upon the said spirits, with the expense
of freight, and every other expense winch lias acctued
thereupon; and the said collector,uponthepaymcntof the
duties aforesaid, shall deliver the bill of lading or ioceipt
and the spirits to the agent of the said distillery ; and if the
duties aie not paid as aforesaid, then the said spiut* ■shall
be stored at the ri^k and cost of the owner or agent thoreof,
who shall pay an addition of ten per cent, thereupon; and
all the general piovisioijs of this act in lefetcnee to liens,
penalties, and forfeitures, as aUo in reference to the collec-
tion, shall apply thereto, and be enforced by the collector
of the district in which the spiuts may be : Provided, That
no permit s-ha.il be granted under this scction for a quantity
Jes  than fifty barrels: Jlwlprovided farther. That the Com-
missioner ot Internal Revenue, under the direction of the
Secretaiy ot the Tteasury, may make such Anther regula-
tions and require such fuitbei securities a<s bo may dt-em
proper, in order to protect the levenue and to cany out the
spirit and intent of this section.
The amendment I propose is an exacttcopy of
the forty-sixth section of the existing law. It
authorizes the distiller, through the collcctor of
the district where the distillery is situated, to send
forward spirits to the place whore the distiller may
desire to have the spirits sold. For instance, a
distiller at Chicago may send his spirits to New
York consigned to the collector of the district of
New York, and pay the duties at New Yotk
whenever called upon by the collector there. It
is, of course, a gi eat convenience to distillers who
have but a small capital in their business; and 1
believe no harm has come to the Govern mentfrom
the practice under this section. This provision
is, so far as 1 can find, omitted entirely fiom the
bill now before the committee.
The section to which this is an amendment au-
thorizes the transportation of spirits from one
point to another for the purpose of exportation.
It is there provided, to befcure, that spirits so sent
forward may be withdrawn from the bonded ware-
house upon the paymcntof duties; but the diffi-
culty about it is that before spirits can be sent
forward the party sending it forward must take
an oath that he intends to export it. To be sure
he can remove the spiiits from the bonded waie-
house upon the payment of duties, but he cannot
properly take an oath that he intends to export
it when in fact he expects to pay the duty on it
and sell it in the country.
Therefore I hope the committee will make no
objection to this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. And I hope the committee
will not do any such thing. The gentleman from
Massachusetts certainly has not comprehended
the principle upon which we have framed the
present bill. If he had, he would have discovered
that we propose that if the article is to be con-
sumed in the country the duties are to be paid
upon it, and it is only when the manufacturer
proposes to export it that he is allowed to cany
it forward to the bonded warehouse in another
district. I think the adoption ot the amendment
would entirely change the theory upon which we
have framed this bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to strike outthe pro-
viso to my amendment; and I do it for the purpose
of saying that the fact that you do not allow diaw-
backs does not afiect this question at all. There
have been, and in my judgment there ought to be,
two methods by which distillers can remove their
liquors without the prepayment of duties. When
they intend to export them they move their liquors
m bond, but they are compelled to make oath that
they intend to exportthe liquors. Now, then, we
have heretofore given parties authority to move
their liquors in charge of the collector of the dis-
trict where the distillery is situated, consigning
them to the collector of the district in which the
distiller expects to sell them. The ronsequeive
was that he was Enabled to send these liquors
i forward without prepayment of duties. N->w,
