1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27m
negroes in the service of the United States for any period
of time after it goes into opoiatiou and effect.
Mr. President, I will read some facts in sup-
port of this amendment. I can as well present
them befuie the recess as afief wards, as they
will not occupy much time. I submit, of course,
to the pleasure of the Senate in that regard.
Mr HOWARD. 1 am very anxious to hear
the Senator from Kentucky on this very import-
ant subject. It is new; it is a very novel ques-
tion; and I shall be extremely happy to have him
exhaust himself upon it. [Laughter.].
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be very happy to enlighten
my honorable friend. I have no doubt lie needs
light on this and many other subjects. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly, i feel the im-
pression of the darkness that is upon my under-
standing, and I desire him to dispel it if he can.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, 1 will endeavor to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator to the fact that his amendment does
not include mulattoes. It only speaks of negroes.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to announce that, by order
of the Senate, the Senate will at this hour take a
recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 405) to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes; the pending1
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Davis.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the amendment be*
reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert, as a new section—
And be it further enacted, That no money raised undei
thib act shall ever be applied to pay or subsist *an> armed
negroes m the service of the United  St?xte.s tor any period
of time after it goes into operation and effect.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate is very thin, but I
suppose that I have quite as large an amount of
intelligence and a little more of attention and de-
corum than I should have if it were fuller, so that
I prefer to go on at the present time.
I propose the amendment, Mr. President, as an
economical measure, not only as a measure of
right and justice to the owners of this class of
property, but as one favoring the economical war
administration of the Government; and in sup-
port of this position it is more my purpose to
read some facts beating upon the question rather
than to make any remarks myself in supportof it.
I willreadfirstfromacorrespondentoftheSpring-
field (Massachusetts) Journal, writing fiotn Port ;
Hudson, Louisiana, on the 15th ultimo. I pre-
sume that that corresponded wasa'biack Repub-
lican, as he was writing to a black Republican
editor of a black Republican newspaper, and con-
sequently that what he says in relation to the sub-
ject of slaves in that locality may be received by
his political fiiends m this body as tiue, and is en-
titled to all the consideration which the tiuths that
he relates may merit at the hands of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I would inquire whether
the black Republicans are the class of armed
negroes that you refer to in the amendment as
not being entitled to compensation. The amend-
ment speaks of armed negroes. My inquiry is
whether they aie black Republicans.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will havea little
patience lie will soon discover the bearing of the
facts which I am about to read, and he will con-
cede that they aie entirely pertinent to the occa-
sion for this; reason, they prove conclusively that
the negro soldier is far inferior to the white; that
he is much more wasteful of the Army supplies
that are furnished to him, and that he renders
less service and is much more expensive to the
Government that employs him; and 1 suppose in
these views the facts that this writer relates are
altogether pertinent, and goto sustain the pro-
priety of adoption of the amendment.
'•THE CORPS D'A*ihqltK.''—
X suppose that is a sort of classical French. I am
no Fiench scholar—
"Tim body of hoops, organised and equipped by order of
General Banks, and intended to include about fifteen thou-
sand men, having their headquarters at this post, has re-
cently been subjected to seveial important changes. VVhen
the ouh'i of niganizatioii wa-s piomulgated, it contemplated
the formation of eighteen regiments of five hundred men,
with the same number of officers as in the regiments of one
thousand."
There is one item of added expense for this de-
scription of soldiers. They are half regiments
fully officered, and would consequently in that
respect be twice as expensive as white soldiers.
tl There were already three full regiments organized sev-
eral months previous as 'Louisiana Native Guards,5 and
General Ullinan'"—
I believe he is the man who was known as the
Hindoo candidate for the Presidency a few years
ago—
''General Ullman had already commenced recruiting for
the five regiments known subsequently asUlhnan'ebiigade.
These eight regiments were made the nucleus of the new
coips, and during the summer and autumn of 18G3, through
the channels opened by the progies>ot the campaign, Iheie
wen' men enough enlModtoswell the tiumbet ofiegimems
to about twenty-five, and Geneial Georsrc L. Andiews was
placed m command o'( mecoips. But. unfortunately, it was
tound that the physical qualifications ot the negroes were
not equal to tlr; hardship*- of drill and fatigue duty, many
of them hiiving in them the f-eed* of old and surely iatal
diseases, brought on by the vlci<<ushabit^of plantation life,
and many othei-j being ;is yet young and immature in body
and marked by hereditary tamts. it h smprisiug to one
unacquainted with the subject, to contemplate the terrible
rate ot moitahty and toleain how many have lung and
heait dihea^e^jor are broken down by rheumatic affections,
over-work, and ill linage, Thousands died, were discharged
tor disability, oi de&eried. The regiments dwindled down
from five hundred to two handled oi three hundred; re-
cruiting wa* stopped by an oidei from Geneial Banks which
contemplated iiie letenuon of a^ many able-bodied blacks
.is possible on iIk- Government plantations ; officeic began
to grow discouraged ; resignations became the older Ot the
day; disappointment on the pay question demoralized the
men. All these causes combined to have an untavoiable
effect on the coip-*.
When ihe campaign commenced thi-% reason, four regi-
ment?, were onleted to the held. To (ill them up to six
hundred each it was «eces<aiy to ti.msler men fioiu three
to four other regiment-*. leaving to each eompnm in the
latter only its olheers and ton men. Then came iiie action
of the War Depaitment. changing the regimental numbers
and defoliations to United eHut<"* mlantiy, aiulleiy, &e.,
and requiring a maximum of one thousand. Very little re-
mains of the ongmaJ eoips, save in the legretful recollec-
tion5' ot its past officers, and the formidable fortifications
its men nave erected heie sinee the suirender of Port
Hudson. General Andiews hasgone Noith on leave, Gen-
eral Uilmaii succeeding to the command, and a lull and
earelul inspection ot all the woi Us and toice& here laot week
by Oner.il T. W. Sherman, who lo-t a leg in the siege of
Port Hudson, has given lhe'to a minor of a luither change,
of commander*.
u What the future of the eoip-, will be depends now
upon the que-tion of expediency: will iiie possible inter-
est or ucee-^ittes of our standing army watiant the enor-
mous expense of organizing and dulling eoloiod toopn and
bnnging them up to the -tandaid of white Hoops? As the
resources of the rfoutb, agiicuhurally, ate called out, the
demand fot labor o! acclimated black? will increase; if the
available nurribei is diminished by the requirements of a
large aimy, theie will be an increased opposition to main-
taining black legnnetu*. The question isofinsmediateand
gieat importance. To fill up the black regiment-, in this
depaitment alone would jeqnlie twenty thousand new re-
el uits anil the relative moi t.dity ol white ami black troops
seems to indicate that it would "be belter to let the piesent
black oiganizations die out and supply their phice>, if the
necessity continues, [torn the ai my of foietgmvrs now seek-
ing our chores. Besides this lea^on there is anothei en-
temig into the consideration of the r-ubject, namely, the
great o-t of maintaining colored troops. They are, unde-
niably, idle, lazv. impioduetive, and wa-teful. The lo s
bv wear and tear, such a0 me expense of keeping up their
umfoims and < quipments, of camp and gannon equipage,
and all kinds ot military stoiesand pioperly, promises to
exceed veivgreatly thecotrospondingexpendituie foi white
troop-*, and it is scaiech a mattei lor doubt that their ser-
vices viie. fai lc-s valuabb*, both in quality and quantity, to
ihe Goveimnenl. The suhj^-t is one which commends
ltsell vety Uitcddy to nil who have an inteiest in the future
chatacier and condition of our national troops.'"
Ipresume thatthehonorable Senator fiom Kan-
sas is entirely satisfied of the relevancy of the facis
here detailcd'in connection with the subject of con-
tinuing the negro soldiers m the'service, andpar-
ticulaily of adding to that class of soldiery. _ jfit
was rot for fanaticism and partisan and political
purposes individually and party, tins inefficient,
inferior, and expensive force never would have
been enlisted. If the same considerations did not
now impel to their continuance and augmenta-
tion, a sound political economy in the adminis-
tration of the finances of the Government in the
matter of war, and the greatest efficiency of the
Army according to the number of men enrolled
in it, would, in my judgment, immediately bring
the Senate to the 'adoption of the proposition
which i have presented in the amendment. ^
I will say, also, that in other points of view it
was eminently improper to have employed this
kind of soldiers. There were great and sufficient
reasons not only connected with economy and
efficiency; in the Army, Lmt of Humanity to the1
black troops themselves, and to the white troops-
also, that ought to have forbidden the policy of
making the negro slave either an object of, or a
force in, carrying on this war.
i had a friend from the town of Mount Sterling*
in the State of Kentucky, Captain Samuel Mc-
Kee, who raised a company about eighteen-
months ago and joined the service. There was'
not and is notnowany more true and trustworthy
Union man in all this broad land than he; and he
ts yeta friend and asustainerof this Administra*
tion, notwithstanding the effect which its peculiar
measures have had upon the institutions and the
industrial interests of his State. He was captured
by the rebels more than a year since and con-
fined in Libby prison. He passed through here
on his exchange some three or four weeks back.'
Fie had been in Libby prison thirteen months,
lie informed me that the aggregate number of
Union prisoners that had been earned to Libby
prison and to Belle Isle during his captivity was
about eighteen thousand; that the prisoners in
Libby were provided for about as well as the reb-
els had the means, and were sheltered; that on
the island they were furnished with as much food
and of as various classes as they had it to bestow;
but there were no huts to protect them against,
winter; there were no hospitals; the tents were
much worn, and very insufficientfor the protection-
of the prisoners. The consequence was that there
was the most frightful mortality amongthem. He
said that he had no doubt that fully six thousand
of those eighteen thousand prisoners had per-
ished from exposure, short allowance of rations'-
and food, and consequent disease. He told me
of the fraction of a Kentucky mounted regiment,
when it was captured, numbering eighty-seven,'
of which every man had died there but three. He
informed me of the fragment of a Missouri regi-
ment of two hundred and forty odd men, which,
with this Kentucky fragment, wete prisoners
upon Belle Isle, and of that number he said there
were remaining, when he left Richmond, only
about eighty survivors, and all the others had died.
Mr. President, this friend whom! have known,
from his infancy, whose father and whose grand-
father I knew and were'my neighbors and friends,
had been a prisoner there for moie than a long
weary year, and the aggregate of those prison-
ers had been confined there from a period dating
before the commencement of winter. The long
imprisonment and the frightful mortality of those-
white prisoners was one of the baleful effects
of the enlistment of negro soldiers. It has been
said and published hundreds of times that the
confederate authorities refused to exchange for
negroes, or for officers commanding negro sol-
diers. But 1 have repeatedly seen published in
our public prints what purported to be extracts
from theirs, which represented thatwhen negioes
who had previously been slaves were captured by
them they were returned to their masters into
a state of slavery, but they had always been will-
ing and had offered to exchange negro prisoners
who were free before their enlistment, and their
officers just as white prisoners. I suppose that
this statement of the case is true.
But, sir, in support of a resolution which I offered
on this matter early in the session 1 assumed this
position: that humanity, policy,and sheer justice
to the Union white prisoners who were m the
hands of the rebels required that where they could
be exchanged they ought to be then and theie and
at oncc exchanged, without any regard to negro
troops or their officers, or if the rebels did refuse
to exchange them,thai because the rebels decided
not to exchange a certain class of captives, it was
no just ground and ought not to have been as-
sumed by our Government as a reason or an ob-
stacle to the exchange of such of our white troops
as they were willing to exchange. This friend
of mine ventured to me tins opinion, that it that
vast number of prisoners who had perished there
by exposure and want and disease had been
speedily and in good time exchanged, the vast
majority of them would probably not have per-
ished, but would now have been living. They
might, have relumed to their homes as exchanged
prisoners, and have rejoined the service, those of
them whose terms had notexpired, instead of dy-
ing m a prison without any of the attentions and
solaces of family, of mothers, of sisters, and of
wives. The policy of not delivering them from
