1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mm
this was a. groat convenience when the duty was
only twenty cents a gallon. How much more
will it be a convenience when the duty is eighty
cents, a dollar, and $1 25 a gallon.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 think my colleague is some-
what mistaken in supposing that no complaints
were made under the law as it stands. The com-
mittee understood from the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue that great fraud was believed to
have been practiced under it, and the object of
this section of the bill was to bring all spirits that
were removed without the payment of dutiesun-
der the strict control of the regulations and bonds
of the revenue service in regard to imported mer-
chandise in bond. I see nothing in the section
of this bill that provides for an oath to be taken
that the distilled spirit in bonded warehouse shall
be exported. The committee in framing the sec-
tion in the bill did.not intend that any such oath
should be required, but that the spirits andoii so
received in the bonded warehouse should be en-
titled to the privilege of exportation, and the latter
pait of the section provides that any spirit or oil
so removed can be taken out of the warehouse
for consumption on payment of the duties.
i think when my colleague has more carefully
considered that section he will find that it meets
all the necessities of the case, and is a great pie-
cuution against frauds upon the revenue, which
• becomes still more necessary now that the rates
of duties have been so much increased.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 withdraw my amend-
meh^'to the amendment, and move now to stiike
out the last two piovisos.
it is very kind of my collcaguc to suggest that
when I shall have considered the matter fuither
I shall come to a different conclusion. I have
spent too many days and nights on this matter
ever to think of con^ideri ng it any further than 1 am
obliged to do m the discharge of my official duties.
He will see, if he chooses to look at the section
under consideration, thatno spirits can be moved
under bonds unless they are intended for export-
ation. That is the exact langujige of the law, and
in compliance with that language of the law the
Secretary of the Treasury has seen fit, as I think,
m the propel discharge ot his duty, to require oaths
of men, before they send forwaid liquors, that they
intend to export them. Now, if thissection is al-
lowed to stand as it is, you offer a temptation to
every distiller to swear that he intends to export
liquors when he intends merely to send them for-
ward toh is agen land take them out of bond for sale.
What objection can there be to allowing the
business to go on as heietofore ? Let me say that
duiing my experience in office as Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, I never heard of the frauds
to which my colleague has referred. Within the
last forty-eight hours I have been in conference
with gentlemen in the Internal Revenue office who
have this matter especially in charge. They con-
cur unanimously in the opinion that this amend-
ment ought to be made; and there was not a sug-
gestion made in my hearing that any frauds have
ever been perpetrated. If these collectors are to
be trusted at all, they are to be trusted in this
matter. For instance, a distiller in Chicago puts
his liquors into the care of the collector, who is
under bonds; he sends them to the collector in
New York, who is also under bonds, to be de-
livered to the consignee when the duties are paid.
It seems to me that it is a great convenience; but
I will not trouble the committee. I now with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
iVir. Boutwell's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I want to try my amendment
again. 1 move to insert after the word £< coal"
in the second line of the section the words "and
petroleum."
Air. KASSON. If the gentleman will allow
me I will make a suggestion. After consultation
with my colleagues on the Committee of Ways
and Means we have come to the conclusion that
an amendment ought to be introduced carrying
out the suggestion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and I suggest that these words be added
at the end of the section:
TSie vvwuU !v' eo<il oil" as u«t'd in this act, wht re not olh-
ei we c expi f<sed, s-hall be considered to include petroleum.
We do m some parts of the bill distinguish be-
tween the two.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
The amendment, as^ modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. LAW-. I move to amend section sixty,
line four, by striking out the words 6i otfb dollar"
and inserting "fifty cents;5* so that the section
will read:
Thar there shall be paid on all beer, lacrr beer, ale, porter,
and other similar fermented htjuois, "hy whatever name
such liquors may be called, a duty of finy cents tor each
and every bairel containing not more than thirty-one gal-
lon*.
Mr. Chairman, [ offer the amendment in good
faith, with a view not only tb the increase of
revenue which I believe will arise from the re-
duction of the duty on fermented liquors from
one dollar for each barrel containing not more
than thirty-one gallons to fifty cents, but because
I believe that the amendment is a proper one,
considered in reference to the morals of the coun-
try, by the substitution of malt liquors as a
beverage instead of spirituous liquors which uni-
formly take the place of the former in every com-
munity where the first are dispensed with,as has
been proven in every instance whore the experi-
ment has been tried. I hold jn my hand, sir, a
memorial forwarded to me by the brewers of my
own city, (Evansville,) men of standing and re-
spectability who carry on the business of brew-
ing on a larger scale than it is carried on in any
town m Indiana, and who have examined the
subject with gieat cate and attention. The me-
morial I submitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means befoic the introduction of the present bill.
I read from it the following extract as an evidence
that when malt liquors are abandoned asa bever-
age among any people, cither from the high duty
imposed on their manufacture or from any other
cause, spniluous hquois at once supply their
place, and dissipation, di unkenness, and poverty
of the people are the inevitable consequences of
such a change:
"It has been sati-factoiily ttpomalnod in England that
distilled spirits will heat a rate of duty, which if imposed
on fermented liquors or other bevei ages would pi event
the manufacture of them entirely. Tne duty on liiiii^h
spirits at the beginning nf the pieteiit century was live
shillings lour anuone halt pence per gallon. It lias fluctu-
ated f-ince then, l>em« something le^, hut i* now fixed nt
ten bindings oi ^2 '2-1 per gallon. Notwithstanding tins
high rale ot duty, tile quantity manulacUiied and entered
for consumption ha^ been hut s-hghtly dmiini-hed, and the
revenue dcuved honi u lot the yoai ending in Alareh, 18G3,
amounted to $12,ttfU.U00
in btuking conn as! with the last mentioned facts, is
the ell' ef of hi^k duht •> mi teunenfid diinUs. In 1?U7 the
English duties, on malt and beer were introduced into Scot-
land, which then contained a population oi one million,
and a duty of two f-hiilings thieepenco per haircl, of thirty-
six gallons, wih nnpoted on beer, the favorite
bevei agent the people. Foi tnanyyeais afterwards the
quantity ot tliK beei that p.ud duty averaged 450,001) bar-
ieh-, jathct le'i than a banc! to every two per?-oii>.. The
duty Wct-j i-nb^cqucnfly increased to thiee shilling-* fonr-
pence per band, when the consumption immediately fell
oiT 100,000 luncl*, mid eon f nun d to decline until its manu-
iacture ceased entnely; and at the present tune, out of
38,609 persons in the United ltinirdom who brew beer for
sale, 2b t only aie found in .Scotland/'
What were the unhappy results of this ex-
cessive taxation of a harmless and popular bever-
age? WliVj the substitution of whisky and other
spirituous liquors. In no part of the world has
drunkenness boon so prevalent as in Scotland.
Intemperance abounds every where; and m pro-
portion to its population, spirituous liquors are
more extensively drank than in any portion of the
globe. The in crease of tax in Scotland on malt and
beer of only about thirty-live cents a barrel en-
tirely destroyed the manufacture of ale and beer,
and spirituous liquors took their place. There-
suit has been shown. Gentlemen on the other side
seemed to smile at the idea of this excessive tax-
ation on malt liquors being a moral question as
well as one of revenue. If they will study it
rightly 1 think they will find U both. In my
own town, where there were but few breweries
in operation, two large distilleries were erected.
What has been the result? Both of these distil-
leries have been closed and we have now eight
breweries in operation, some of them very ex-
tensive, upon whom a tax of one dollar per barrel
will operate hardly. They are perfectly willing to
pay fifty cents a barrel of thirty-one gallons asa
tax, though this in my opinion is too large, but
they aie un willing to pay one dollar, believing that
such a tax imposed on this class ot manufacture a
duty hard to bo borne, ami which in some instances
may lead to the uttei abandonment of their busi-
ness and turning to some other branch ns>t so
greasy oppressed by heavy taxation.
Having, ae I think-, established the question
that-if y^-u ts-x m&lt hquofrs too highly you sub-
stitute whisky and other spiritucRts liquors as a
bowragg for the people, and thtfrfe>by, as in the
c&se'of tfie Scotch, demoralize the American peo*
pie, I proceed to examine xhe question a& U
-regards revenue.
By the act providing for internal retenae to
support the Government,and pay the interest on
the national debt, passed in Jfcjy, 28$2  a duty
of one dollar was laid on each barrelof thirty-on£
gailo-nsof lager beer, ale;-porter, and other similar
fermented liquors. This-act was in force from the
1st day of July, 1862, when- it mvs approved, to
the 3d of March, 1863. By the twelfth section
the act approved March 3,1863* the duty of one
dollar on each barrel of thirty-one gallons of lager
beer, ale, and porter was reduced to sixty ceWa
a barrel of thirty-one gallons; and at that rate
the taxation has continued up to the present time,
when it is nowproposed to tax all those who en-
gaged largely in the business of brewing under the
act reducing the tax on beer to sixty cents, and
who have made large investments in buildings,
vats, and other improvements believing the tax
would remain as Congress fixed it under the last
act, and who would not have invested their capi-
tal in this business if they had believed for a sin-
gle moment the tax was to be increased to one
dollar a barrel. What reliance can these people
have in your faith as legislators if you thus con-
tinually keep changingyour laws year after year?
Should there not be in all laws affecting the great
interests of manufacturers some stability, some
firmness, some purpose, so that parties may know
what to expect when they commence operations?
The census of 1860 shows what an immense in-
terest brewing of malt liquors is becoming in the
western States, and increasing yearly unless par-
alyzed by the unwise taxation by Congress in
putting on a duty totally uncalled for. Even un-
der existing circumstances there was on the 1st
of June, 1860,460 breweries; there were 1,173,576
barrelsof malt liquor brewed, amounting in value
to thesum oi $6,343,070. Wisconsin has the lar-
gest number of breweries, 121, making 124,906
barrels of malt liquors, valued at $702,812. Ohio
with 29 breweries makes 402,035 barrels, with a
valuation of $1,912,419. Illinois with 75 brew-
eries makes 218,043 barrels, valued at $1,309,180.
Indiana with 50 breweries makes 66,338 barrels,
valued at $328,116; while at the same time she
made 8,358,500 gallons of whisky, high-wines,
and alcohol, at a value of $1,951,530. Tax as you
please on these alcoholic liquors, but reduce your
taxes on malt; your revenues will be increased in
your Treasury by your reduction. 1 cannot say
certainly, having never examined the returns in
the office of the Commissioner of Revenue, but I
will venture to assert that more revenue was col-
lected by the act of March 3,1863, on malt liquors
for the same period, than was collected under the
act of July 1, 1862, when the duly was one dollar
per barrel.
But again, sir, the tax on malt liquors under
this bill is larger by one third than was ever im-
posed by any people on the facc of the globe,
England not excepted. The duty there is upon
malt, not upon beer. Jn 1862 the duty on hops
was repealed, and brewers' licenses increased to
threepence a barrel. In 3804 the duty on malt
was fixed at four shillings five pence per bushel.
It was reduced from time to time until 1823, when
it was fixed at two shillings sevenpence. In
1854, at the time of the Russian war, it was raised
to four shillings, when the quantity charged with
duty immediately fell off five million bushels,and
in the following year eight million bushels. In
1857 the Government found it necessary to reduce
the duty, and fixed it at two shillings sevenpence
per bushel, and five percent, on the"tax, at which
it remains. Theresultof that icduction has been
a large increase in the consumption, which has
averaged 5,314,350quartersor 42,514,800 bushels
per annum for the four years from 1858 to 1862
inclusive, producing about 28,000,000 ot beer an-
nually. English malt averages about forty-four
pounds to the bushel, and Ameiican malt about
thirty-four pounds. Allowing one half bushel of
English malt to the barrel of thirty-six gallons of
beer, (the quantity used,) the Englrsii tax is equiv-
alent to sixty-three and three quaiter cents per
barrel of thirty-one gallons. On the Continent,
in Germany, %*hsre immense quantities of malt
