1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
161
Laws of the United States.
38th Gong....1st
by it the mean horizontal area, and the product
will be the cubical contents of the space; divide
this product by one hundred, and the quotient
shall be deemed to be the tonnage of such space,
and shall added to the other tonnage of the
vessel, ascertained as aforesaid. And if the ves-
sel has more than three decks, the tonnage of
each space between decks, above the tonnage-
deck, shall be severally ascertained in the man-
ner above described, and shall be added to the
tonnage of the vessel, ascertained as aforesaid,
In ascertaining the tonnage of open vessels the
upper edge of the upper stralce is to form the
boundary line of measurement, and the depth
shaH.be taken from an athwartship line, extend-
ing from upper edge of said strake at each divis-
ion of the length.
The register of the vessel shall express the
number of decks, the tonnage under the tonnage
deck, that of the between-decks, above the ton-
nage deck; also thatof the poop or other inclosed
spaces above the deck, each separately. In every
registered United States ship or vessel the num-
ber denoting the total registered tonnage shall be
deeply carved or otherwise permanently marked
on her main beam, and shall be so continued;
and if it at any time cease to be so continued,
such vessel shall no longer be recognized as a
registered United States vessel.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
charge for the measurement of tonnage and cer-
tifying the same shall not exceed the sum of one
dollar and fifty cents for each transverse section
under the tonnage deck; and the sum of three
dollars for measuring each between-decks above
the tonnage deck; and the sum of one dollar and
fifty cents for each poop, or closed-in space avail-
able for cargo or stores, or for the berthing or
accommodation of passengers, or officers and
crew above the upper or spar deck.
Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That the pro-
visions of this "act shall not be deemed to apply
to any vessel not required by law to be registered,
or enrolled, or licensed, and all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with the provisions of this are
hereby repealed.
Approved, May 6, 1864.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act for a Grant of Lands
to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to
aid in the Construction of a Railroad in said
State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That there'be, and is hereby, granted
to the State of Iowa, for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of a railroad from Sioux City,
in said State, to the south line of the State of
Minnesota, at such point as the said State of
Iowa may select between the Big Sioux and the
west fork of the Des Moines river; also to said
State foi the use and benefit of the McGregor
Western Railroad Company, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of a railroad from a
point at or near the foot of Main street, South
McGregor, in said State, in a westerly direction,
by the most practicable route, on or near the
forty-third parallel of north latitude, until it shall
intersect the said road running from Sioux City
to the Minnesota State line, m the county of
O'Brien, in said State, every alternate section of
land designated by odd numbers for ten sections
in width on each side of said roads; but, in case
it, shall appear that the United States have, when
the lines or routes of said roads are definitely lo-
cated, sold any section or any part thereof gran ted
as aforesaid, or that the right of preemption or
homestead settlement has attached to the same,
or that the same has been reserved by the United
States for any purpose whatever, then it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause
to be selected, for the purposes aforesaid, from
the public lands of the United States nearest to
tne tiers of sections above specified, so much land
in alternate sections, or parts of sections, desig-
nated by odd numbers, as shall be equal to such
lands as the United States have sold, reserved, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the right of
homestead settlernentor preemption has attached,
as aforesaid, which lands thus* indicated by odd
numbeis and sections, by the direction of the Sec-
NKW Sbriks—i\<>. H.
retary of the Interior, shall be held by the State
of Iowa for the uses and purposes aforesaid: Pro-
vided, That the lands so selected shall in no case
be located more than twenty miles from the lines
of said roads; Provided further, That any and
all lands heretofore reserved to the United States
by any act of Congress, or in any other manner
by competent authority, for the purpose of aiding
in any object of internal improvement or other
purpose whatever, be, and the sam^ are hereby,
reserved and excepted from the operation of this
act, except so far as it may be found necessary
to locate the routes of said roads through such
reserved lands, in which case the right of way
shall be granted, subject to the approval of the
President of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which by such
grant shall remain to the United States within ten
miles on each side of said roads shall not be sold
for less than double the minimum price of public
lands when sold, nor shall any of said lands be-
come subject to sale atprivate entry until the same
shall have been first offered at public sale to the
highest bidder at or abqve the minimum price as
aforesaid: Provided, That actual bona fide settlers
under the preemption laws of the United States
may, after due proof of settlement, improvement,
and occupation, as no w provided by la w, purchase
the same dt the increased minimum price: Andpro-
vided, also, That settlers under the provisions'of
the homestead law, who comply with the terms
and requirements of said act, shall be entitled to
patents for an amount not exceedingeighty acres
each, anything in this act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the ldnds
hereby granted shall be subject to the disposal of
the Legislature of Iowa, for the purposes afore-
said and'no other. And the said railroads shall
be, and remain, public highways for the use of
the Government of the United States, free of all
toll or other charges upon the transportation of
any property or troops of the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted shall be disposed of by said State,
for the purposes aforesaid only, and in manner
following, namely: When the Governor of said
State shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that any section of ten consecutive miles of either
of said roads is completed in a good, substantial,
and workmanlike manner as a first-class railroad,
then the Secretary of the Interior shall issue to
the State, patents for one hundred sections of land
for the benefit of the road having completed the
ten consecutive miles as aforesaid. When the
Governor of said State shall certify that another
section of ten consecutive miles shall have been
completed as aforesaid, then the Secretary of the
Interior shall issue patents to said State in like
manner, for a like number; and when certificates
of the completion of additional sections of ten con-
secutive miles of either of said roads are, from
time to time, made as aforesaid, additional sec-
tions of lands shall be patented as aforesaid, until
said roads, or either of them, are completed, when
the whole of the lands hereby granted shall bp
patented to the State for the uses aforesaid and
none other: Provided, That if the said McGregor
Western Railroad Company, or assigns, shall fail
to complete at least twenty miles of its said road
during each and every year from the date of its
acceptance of the grant provided for in this act,
then the State may resume said grant, and so dis-
pose of the same as to secure the completion of a
road on said line and upon such terms, within
such time as the State shall determine: Provided
further, That if the said roads are not completed
within ten years from their several acceptance of
this grant, the said lands hereby granted and not
patented shall revert to the State of Iowa for the
purpose of securing the completion of the said
roads within such tune, not to exceed five years,
and upon such terms as the State slioll detei mine:
And provided further, That said lands shall not in
any manner be disposed of or incumbered, except
as the same are patented under the provisions of
this act; and should the State fail to complete said
roads within five years after the ten years afore-
said, then the said lands undisposed of as afore-
said shall revert to the Hinted States.
Sec. 5, And be it farther emitted, That as soon
as the Governorof said State of Iowashall, file or
cause to be filed with the Secretary of tho Interior
maps designating the routes of said roads, !hen
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to withdraw from market the lands embraced
within the provisions of this act. . -
Sec. 6. And b( it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States mail shall be transported on said, roads
and branch, underlie direction of the Post Office
Department, at suoh price as Congress may by
law provide: Provided, That .until such price is
fixed by law the Postmaster General shall have
power to fix the rate of compensation.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That there be,
and is hereby, grantedto the State of Minnesota,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of a
railroad from St. Paul andSt. Anthony, via Min-
neapolis, to a convenient point of junction west
of the Mississippi, to the southern boundary of
the State, in the direction of the mouth of the Big
Sioux river, four additional alternate sections <of
land per mile, to be selected upon the same con-
ditions, restrictions, and limitations as are con-
tained in the act of Congress entitled "An act
making a grant of land to the Territory of Min-
nesota, in alternate sections, to aid in- the-con-
struction of certain railroads in said Territory,
and granting public lands, in alternate sections,
to the State of Alabama, to aid in the construction
of a certain railroad in said State," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven:
Provided, That the landto be so located by virtue
of this section may be selected within twenty miles
of the line of said road, but in no case at a greater
distance therefrom.
Approved, May 12, 1804.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act concerning the Dispo-
sition of C.onvicts in the Courts of the United
States, for the subsisting of Persons confined
in Jails charged with violating the Laws of the
UnitedStates,and for dimini^ljing the Expenses
in relation thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all persons who have been, or who
may hereafter be, convicted of crime by any court
of the United States—not military—the punish-
ment whereof shall be imprisonment, in a district
or Territory where, at the time of such conviction,
there may be no penitentiary or otherprison suit-
able for the confinement of convicts of the United
States, and available therefor, shall be confined
during the term for which they have been or may
be sentenced, in some suitable prison in a con-
venient State or Territory to be designated by the
Secretary of the Interior, and shall be transported
and delivered to the warden or keeper of the prison
by the marshal of the district or Territory where
such conviction shall have occurred; or if such
conviction be had in the District of Columbia,
then and in such case the transportation and de-
livery shall be by the warden of the jail of said
District; the reasonable actual expense of trans-
portation, necessary subsistence and hire, and
transportation of guards and the marshal, or the
warden of the jail in the District of Columbia,
only, to be paid by the Secretary of the Interior,
out of the judiciary fund: Provided, That if, in
the opinion of the Secretary, the expense of trans-
portation from any State, Territory, or the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in which there is no peniten-
tiary, will exceed the cost of maintaining them in
jail in the State, Territory, or the District of Co-
lumbia during the period of their sentence, then
it shall be lawful so to confine them therein for
the period designated in their sentence.
Sec. 2. And be it farther cnacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
contract with the managers or proper authorities
having the control of such puson or prisoners, for
the imprisonment, subsistence, and proper em-
ployment of ail such prisoners, and to give the
court having jurisdiction of such offenses, in said
district, notice of the prison where such persons
will be confined if convicted. - -
Sec. o. Aiid be itfurther enacted, That hereaiter
there shall be allowed and-paid by the Secretary
of tiie Interior, for tile subsistence of prisoners
m the custody of any marshal of the United States
and the wa. den of the jail in the District of Cnlum-
