1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
liquors are brewed, the duties are much less than in
.England. In Prussia the tax is about 23 cents a
bunvi. In Bavaria 40 cents. In Baden 24 cents,
in Hesse Darmstudt25 cents. In Rhine Bavaria
or Palatinate the brewers pay a small license to
compete with the cheap wines of the country, but
no tax is imposed on malt or beer. The manu-
facture is encouraged, not as a matter of revenue,
but as a beverage, healthy,free from intoxicating
influences, and productive of health and temper-
ance. In no country but this has ever such a tax
on an article so largely entering into the subsist-
ence ofavery large classof oui people, an article,
I may say, of absolute necessity to them, of so
great consumption, ever been taxed as highly as
this. The laboring classes in the West, particularly
the Germans, use beer as a beverage largely, but
very few (and they are exceptions to the general
rule) use spirituous liquors at all. Hence you sel-
dom seeaGermanintoxicated. BeerandCatawba
wine are their favoiite drinks. 'Sir, my people
have not hesitated a moment in obeying every
law enacted by you—be it what it may—until re-
pealed. They are natuially and constitutionally
a law-abiding people. Put your tax at what you
please, they will try and pay it, but the result
will bean abandonment of their business and the
closing of their breweries. This burden in ad-
dition to the high puces of even the necessaries
of life, of labor, of malt, in fact of everything
connected with their occupation, will force them
to close up their establishments. With a less tax,
with one such as they have proposed to pay, and
which, although sufficiently onerous in itself they
can stand, their business will increase, the manu-
facture of malt liquors continued perhaps on a
linger scale, and a revenue derived from it by
the Government treble what it will be if you im-
pose so large a duty as you have proposed under
the bill now before the committee. The total valu-
ation of malt liquors brewed in the western States
according to the census of I860 was 343,070,
and I have no doubt it hasdoubled since that tune.
Mr. Chairman, I have said that my constitu-
ents weiv a law-abiding people at all times and
undei all circumstances. So they are, but they
ax- more than this; they are as loyal people as
exist within the boundaries ofthe Union. Nearly
flnvo years since when you called for volunteers
they cheerfully and willingly mot the call. Leav-
ing home, wife, children, and I'm nils, they rushed
to the battle-field, not singly, but in platoons,
companies, battalions, and legiments, such was
the nrdorand patriotism ofour people. Sir, from
tin' disttict which 1 have the honor to lepresent,
the stiongest Democratic dhhict m the State in
propoitiun to its population, fiom ten counties
wo sent six thousand two hundied men—young,
stout, stalwart, brave men, many of them the sons
of t!u>s<> who had fought atTippecanoe, and bled
at the battle of the Thames—to the Army. Of
that whole number who thus tendered their lives
to their country in defense of the Union, I do not
believe there are one thousand living and fit for
duty. They were in every battle-field from Car-
rick's Ford, m Virginia, to the Pea Ridge, in
Aikansas. Their remains aie to be found on
every lull-side, on every plain, in eveiy valley,
on every mountain, where our troops have been
engaged with the lebels in arms. They have
done thnir duty on all occasions. Indiana has
never been laggard. We have had about one
hundred and thirty thousand men in the held,
and are now entitled to a credit more than suf-
ficient to balance any call made upon us for a new
draft. In time of war, as well as of peace, we at
luast have done our whole duty to the Govern-
ment, and while we think the taxation of the
pi csen thill is onerous in the extreme, calculated to
destroy an interest building up in the West, pro-
ductive m the highest degiee to the health and
morals of our people, an interest with which so
many are connected, and one even now in its in-
fancy, yet even under all these circumstances we
shall be true and faithful to the Union, the Con-
stitution, and the law:-;, as we ever have been, and
ever will be.
Th" question b'ui-g on Mr. Law's amendment
to i educe the tax on oeer to fifty cents per barrel,
Tiie Cli A ! EMAaN oi dried telle is; anu Messis.
Law, and Ivelloug of Michigan, were appointed.
The (ommiueedivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 32, noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
sixtieth section by reducing the tax on beer from
one dollar to sixty cents. This will make the bill
conforra*o the rate of taxation established under
the law of last Congress. I believe that that tax
is high enough. It was found that the tax of a
dollar a barrel imposed in the first tax bill was too
high. It gave rise to much complaint, not only
from brewers but also from consumers, and the
tax was reduced to sixty cents. It will be found
that the same complaints will beurged now,if the
tax be again increased to one dollar. Perhaps in
ordinary times there would be no good reason for
urging this reduction of tax; but we must recol-
lect that the luxuries of coffee and tea have grown
so expensive as to be beyond the reach of the
great mass of the people. Lager beer and other
malt liquors must take the place, largely, of these
beverages, and should not be heavily taxed. It
is said by physicians, and by all who have been
in the habit of using beer, that it is a healthful
drink. And I am inclined to think, from the san-
itary condition of those who use it, that they are
right in that matter.
Mr. KASSON. Will thegentleman permitme
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. If the gentleman will resolve
the tax of a dollar a barrel on beer he will find
that it amounts only to three cents a gallon, and
I desire to submit that beer houses will still be
able to give zwei glasen zum funfcenls. [Laugh-
tei.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That is true. The tax
is only some three cents a gallon; but that is vei y
considerable when imposed on poor families that
cannot procure tea and coffee, and must use beer
as a substitute, it does seem to me that on lager
beer, which now costs eleven dollars per barrel, a
tax of sixty cents per barrel is quite high enough.
It will yield to the Government more revenue
than a tax of a dollar will. The low tax will
encourage the nnuiufactuie, and will luep the
beveiage within the reach of all. We tried the
tax of a dollar a barrel, and it had the effect of
driving many brewers out of the business, and
diminished the use of the article to a considerable
extent. At the last session, Congress, as a mat-
ter of policy as well as of justice, reduced the tax
to sixty cents a hut rel. M y amendment proposes
to leave itat that rate, and i hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I piopose to move that the
committee rise lor the purpose of closing debate
on this section, but before doing so I desire to say
a single woid. When the du'y was originally
levied upon this aiticlo the beer manufaetuiers
throughout the country only demanded that jt
should be placed upon an equality with other spir-
its. They were perfectly willing when the duty
levied upon spirits was twenty cents per gallon
that there should be a duty of fifty oi sixty cents
per barrel upon ale or beer. Now wehaveiaixed
the duty on spirits to something like five tunes
the amount it was then, and if we were to raiae
the duty on ale or beer in proportion, we should
be compelled to put it at $2 50 ot three dollars! per
barrel.
The recent diminution in the consumption of
these articles is not in consequence of the tax upon
them, but of the hijjh pi ice of bailey. The quan-
tity pioduced having been less than usual, the
price has risen,as 1 undeis'and, to $1 50 or more
a bushel. Now, we propose to restate the duty
to the point at which it was oiiginally placed, at
one dollcii a gallon, which is a very small duty in
comparison with that placed upon spirits.
Rather than vote for such a proposition as that
contained in the amendment, while I do not
usually vote upon these bills tor propositions not
sanctioned by the Committee of Ways and Means,
I would yet prefer to vote to have the duty raised
to $1 50 per barrel. 1 trust that the committee
will not allow this duty to be made less than one
dollar a barrel.
I now move that the committee rise, for the
puipose of closing debate upon this section.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
debate upon this section will be closed by unani-
mous consent.
Theie was no objection, and debate was ac-
cordingly closed.
The amendment was disagieed to.
Mr. FEICNAjNDO WOOD. I move to amend
the section by inserting in line six, after the word
" quantity," the words " whether in bottles;" so
as to make the clause read:
That there shall be pair! on all beer, lager beer, ale, por-
ter, and other similar fermented liquors, by whatever name
such hquois may be called, a duty of one dollar for each
ami every bairel containing not more than thirty-one gal-
lons, and at a like rate for any oilier quantity, whether in
bottles or for Pactional pans of a barrel, which shall be
brewed or manufactured and sold, oi removed for con-
sumption or sale within the United States or the Territo-
ries; &c.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. It is evidently ne-
cessary that something of this sort should be done
if we are to collect any tax on ale and porter in
bottles.
Mr. KASSON. I think the amendment in the
form in which it is drawn is not likely to accom-
plish the object.
Mr. MORRILL. I will suggest to the gentle-
man that his proposition had probably better
come in in the shape of a proviso at the end of
the section.
Mr. FERNANDO "WOOD. Inasmuch as the
gentleman from Vermont desires to accomplish
the object provided for in my amendment, I will
withdraw it, and ask the gentleman to prepare an
amendment in the shape which he suggests.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. While the gentleman
from Vermont is preparing his amendment I will
move to amend the section by striking out u one,"
and inserting " two" in its place, so as to make
the tax two dollars a banel instead of one dol-
lar.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PERHAM. I move to amend the same
clause by striking out " one dollar," and insert-
ing m its place " 50."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. 1 move to amend the same
clause by striking out " one dollar," and insert-
ing '• ninetv cents."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will now send up and offer
the foliowingproviso, to comein uttheend of the
section:
PiOvi'lcd futlher, That brer, layer boor, ale, pnrter, and
other similar termented liquois shall hi' a^e^ed .iceoiding
to the quantity contained thwoM at the rate of one d'diai
toi tinny gallons.
The amendment was agteed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 now move a sim-
ilar amendment to apply to the next suction.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. For better secu-
rity, and to do away with all ambiguity, 1 sug-
gest to the gentleman from Veimont to include
the words " or in any package."
Mr, MORRILL. I am willing to accept that.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move that those
woids be inserted.
The amendment was agnvd to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sne.6). be it J'urtkei enoctc<J, That every p'-r.-nn
owning or occupying anv bicwciy ot pi enures u->ed or in-
tended u> be u-ed toi tile piupn-e of hiewing 01 making
such fermented liquois, or who .-hail have Mich pmnt^ea
under Ins control or superintendence <i> agent loi the owner
oroecupant, or shall have m In- po--eis-ion ot rutted) any
vessel or voxels intcnd'jd to be iwd on -said pumi-es m
the manufacture of beer, lager beei, ale, porter, oi othei
suuilai teunented liquois, r,libel a* owner, agent, or other-
wi.-e, shall liom day to day enter oi eau-e to lie entciixl in
a buok to be kept by him toi that purpose, and winch-hall
be open at all tinus (except Sunday.-) between the using
and -etung oi the sun. tor the inspection of said <i^e>soi,
assistant a^o^or, colleetoi, deputy collector, or inspector,
who may take anv nunutes.oi nienioiaiidum^ortran-ciiptii
theieof, the quantity oi numbei ol bane!* and haeiional
pait^ot bairels of termentcd hqnoi* made, and aloO tiie
quantity sold, or removed lot eoiwiniption or sale, keeping
M'paiate account ol the -eveiai kind* and de-iCU ptions; and
shall lender to s>aul asse>-oi or a-M-'tam assessor on Uie
lir.-t da\ of each month in cadi vein, or within ten days
thereaiici. a genetal account, in wining, taken trorn his
bonk^, of the quantity oi ninnhei of bands* and ftaetionnl
pai ts of bat reib of each kind ot let men ted liquet-s made, and
al^o of tiie quantity sold, or iemover{ rot consumption or
sale, An one month piecedieg said day ; anu shall veiify, oi
catiM' io be vetified. the said entries:, repot ts. books and
general accounts, and the iaet-j therein --ei toith, on onth or
animation, to betaken beloie the assessor oi a^Mant <i->-
m>;--o!, accoidmg to the ioim lequned hyhuv; and t-li.ill
immediately forward to the eollevior of liie di-auci one of
the .-aid duplicate account. dniv cci dried to bv the a- .'--or
or assistant a^e^oi, and i-h.ulaho pay tne duties which
aiPiinpo-ed by law on the liquor made and ! old, or u-
moved for con-unipr.on or vale, and in the ^.ud aeeuunw
mentioned, at the time oi rondenng the duplicate account
theieofas aioresaid. But where the manufacturer ot any
beer, lager be*r,or ale, nwnulaciures tue  aiue iu une ? >l-
