1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2767
troops, and to suggest that as they have been fully tested as
soldicis their pay fhould he raised to that ofumte uoops,
and i desire now !o gi\e my testimony jn their behalf. Vou
are aware that i have been encaged id the oi'minzation of
freedaien for over a year, and have ncces-anly been thrown
in con-stain contact with tln-m.
The ne^ro in i-tate ot .-.livery  s brought up by the mas-
ter iroin eaily childnood to strict ob-die'ieo, and to obey
Implicitly the dictates ot ihe whit-3 man, and they are t!n\s
led to believe that they aio an inleuor race. Now, when
oigantzed into Hoops they cany this habit of obedience
with them ; and then oflWi-bfMjgcntfrely white men.the
iip«io ptomp'Jv ohevs |n-> ordei*-. A regiment is thtw rip-
idly brought into a -.mtn of discipline. They are a r-'hinotis
people, another high quality lor making good soidteis.
They ate a niusicafpeopie,and thus leaddy'iearn to match
and accurately perform thoil maneuvers. They take pride
in being elevated as .soldiers, and keep themselves neat and
clean, as well as their camp giounds. This 1 know fiom
personal inspection and fioin the repoits of my special in-
spectors, two of my staif being constantly on inspecting
duty.
They have pioved a most important addition to ourforcoc,
enabling the generals in active operations to take a laige
foieeot white tinops into the field ; and now brigades of
blacks are placed with the whites. The lorts eieeted at
the unpoitant points on the river are nearly ail gamsoned
by hl.K'k*—aitillery regiments raised lor the pntpo^e— *ay
atPaducah and Columbus. Kentucky; Memphis 'iVmies-
see; Vieksbmg and Natchez, Mississippi; and most of the
woik  aiound New Orleans. Experience pioves thai they
manage heavy guns very well. Their fighting qualities
have aUo been fully tested a number ot time.::,and I amyet
to hear of the fiist ca-e wheie they did not fully stand "up
to their work, i parsed over the giound wtiere the fit ot
Louisiana made the gallant charge at Port iludaon, by f;n
the stronger part of the rebel woiks. The wonder is that
so many made their escape. At Milliken's Iiend, where I
had three incomplete regiments, one without arms until the
day pievious to the attack, gicatly superior numbers of
rebels charged furiously up to the very bieastwoiks. The
negroes met the enemy on the rampaits, and both sides
froply used the bayonet, a most rare oeemreneein warfare,
as one or other paity gives way before coming in contact
with th 5 steel. The rebels were defeated with heavy loss.
Tiie biidue at Moscow, on the hue of taihoad fiom M<im-
ph<-> to Coiinth, was deiended by one small icgiment of
blacks. A eavalrv attack of three times their number w as
made, the blacks defeating them in the tht ee ehaiges made
by the rebels. They fought them hours, until oui cavalry
came up, when the defeat was made complete, many of the
rebel dead being left on the field. A cavalry force of one
hundred and fifty attacked three hundred rebel cavalry near
the Big Black with signal success, a number of pusoners
being taken and marched to Vickshurg. Forrest attacked
Padueah with seven thousand five hundred. The gammon
was between five and sixhundied; nearly four hundred
were colored troops very recently raised. What troops
could have done better? So, too, they fought well at Fort
Pillow until ovci powered by greatly superior nnmbeis.
The above enumeiated oa.^es seem to me sutfieienf to
demonstiate the value of the colored troops. I make no
mention of the case-, on the Atlantic coast with which you
are perfectly familiar.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
Serva,lt' L. THOMAS,
Ji-'-jutant General.
lion. II. Wilson.
Mr. WILSON. This is the testimony of Ad-
jutant General Thomas, who well understands
the subject upon which he speaks. He has two
members of his staff constantly inspecting the
posts on the Mississippi, and neatly all these
posts are defended by coioied troops. On the
Atlantic coast, from Virginia to Florida, in every
battle in which the colored troops have been en-
gaged, they have extoited the admiration and
commanded the approval of the officers under
whose eye they have fought. Fitzhugh Lee
hurled his chivalry the other day upon General
Wild's black brigade, and tiie chivalry were shiv-
ered. Everywhere they have fought well and
fought bravely; and everywhere they have been
called upon to use the shovel, to throw up fortifi-
cations, do the drudgery, and they have by uni-
versal consent, by the admissions ofofficers undur
•whom they have fought, excelled the white sol-
diers in the amount of labor they have performed
for the country.
These are the facts. We want troops. We
ought to have two hundred thousand men to-day
more than we have. Everybody would reverently
thank God if we had fifty thousand men to send
to General Grant now. Here we have a propo-
sition not to use any of the money we propose to
raise or to pay the one hundred and twenty thou-
sand colored men we have in the service of the
Government who arc doing their whole duty with
unfrlteiing fidelity to the country. Can any loyal
statesman say ny to such a proposition?
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have but
a woid to say. If i understand the amendment,
it prohibits the application of any part of the
money that may be the produce of tins bill to-
ward the payment of the African tioops.
Mr. DAVIS. If armed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know the number.
The chairman of the Military Committee says
there are over one hundred thousand of these men
now in arms as 1 understand him. Docs the Sen-
ator from Kentucky propose that they arc not to
be paid for past services?
Mr. DAVIS. That is not the proposition; but
it is that the pay shall cease to them as soldiers
after the passage of this act.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then how are they to be
paid? The recognition of tiie obligation to pay,
if I understand the honorable member, up to the
time of the passage of this bill is to be made, but
out of what fund are they to be paid?
Mr. DA VIS. With the permission of the hon-
orable Senator 1 will answer. They might be
paid as laborers. The simple object and cfFect
of the amendment if it is adopted will be to take
arms out of their hands, as I understand.
Mr. JOHNSON. Discharge them. I sup-
pose that to be the motive, because, however he
may be opposed to this kind of troops, the hon-
orable member will not be so unjust as to deny
them payment for the services they may have
rendered under the contract between themselves
and the Government. I suppose, therefore, that
his object was that on the day of tiie passage ot
this bill they are to cease to be soldiers in the
Aimy of the United Slates. It may be true, and
perhaps it is to some extent, that they are not as
efficient as white troops. I know there are dif-
ferences of opinion among the officers of the Army
as to their presentefficiency; but all history must
be false, the history of our own Governmentdur-
ing the period of the Revolution must be false if
it be not true that after a while they will become
as good soldiers as the white men. These men
have now been in the service some six or seven
months or longer, i forget how long, and they
are more or less disciplined. They are perhaps
now better than the same number of white men
who may be enlisted in their stead, until they
shall receive the same kind of military education;
and that being the case, and as we want the troops,
(however, I may think with the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky that it would have been bet-
ter- to havedonc without this description of troops
if we could have got white troops in sufficient
numbers,) it seems to me it would be very bad
policy to discharge them, if they are not carried
into the field and made to bear the brunt of the
very severe fighting that is now going on, they
take the places of those that are sent forward to
share in the dangers and glories of that fighting.
Forts are to J3e garrisoned, railroads are to be
guarded, the communication with the Army is to
be protected, and for all these duties these troops
are just as efficient as any other troops; so that
even conceding to the honorable member that they
are not as efficient in all respects as veteran white
troops, it seems to me to be clear that as they are
efficient for the purposes for which they may be
used, it would be bad policy to discharge them,
pnrticukuly at this time.
I have no doubt—perhaps that is using too
strong a term, but it is one that suits my own con-
viction—I have no doubt of the ultimate success
of the Government in its present effort to restore
itself; but it requires very great effort. The strug-
gle which is now going on, and to which we are
listening for its actual results from day to day
with great solicitude, if that result shall be favor-
able to the United States, may terminate this war,
and the deluded masses of the South may be
brought back to the allegiance under which, by
observing which, they were the happiest people
that ever the sun of heaven shone upon. But
the leaders will not permit them to return as long
aa they have any force in the field which they can
wield for the purpose of keeping them in the con-
dition m which they now are, a condition of un-
equaled suffering. What I desire to do, and
what I am sure the honorable member from Ken-
tucky equally desires to do, is by any force that
the laws of civilized warfare authorize us to re-
sort to, to put down this rebellion; and 1 should
think, so far fiom its being a measure calculated
to effect that object, the dismissal of one hundred
and twenty thousand or one hundred and fifty
thousand men fiom the armies of the United
States would very materially sen e to aid and com-
foi t the rebels. 1 know that that is not the purpose
of the honorable member from Kentucky; I know
that in his heart lie lungs for the icstoiation of this
Union as earnestly as any loyal mun that breathes.
We differ only as to the means which from time
to time it may be thought necessary to resort to,
and the measures which it may be the proper-pol-
icy of the Government to adopt; but i submit to
him unless he is ready to supply one hundred ami
twenty thousand men now, now at this moment,
to take the place of these black troops, he, instead
of doing a service to the Union of which he is an
honored member, would be doing a great service
to the foe.
Mr. DAVIS. But a few words in reply. My
proposition does notproposeto discharge asi-ngic
negro from the service of the United States. It
only proposes to take the guns and arms out of
his hands, i admit his efficiency for labor, and
especially his efficiency for labor in the South.
It was because his constitution is adapted to the
southern climate, to its malarias, and can ^resist
the diseases incident to the climate and locality
better than the white man, that he was originally-
brought from his native Africa to the lower lati-
tudes where rice and sugar and cotton and indigo
are cultivated. I believe that if this Government
had the magnanimity and the will to correct the
error in relation to the employment of the negro
soldiers and to correct other flagitious errors in its
war policy, it would strengthen the Union cause
and the Union Army and the Government, and
operate as a force for the restoration of the Union
twenty-fold more than the retention of these ne-
groes in the Union Army. But, sir, I simply ask
that they shall be disrobed of their habiliments
as soldiers; that they shall take the inferior posi-
tion where our common Creator has placed them;
that where they can be made effective and valua-
ble equally with the white man they shall be
used; but that they shall not be used as soldiers,
to shock the sentiment and the principles of two
thirds of the people of the United States,includ-
ing the rebel Slates, and to constitute an impass-
able and irremovable barrier between our present
condition and reconstruction.
The number of negroes and the service they
rendered in the revolutionary war was not felt in
that contest. It was of so small and insignifi-
cant a character that it was not more than a drop
in the bucket; and so with the service that they
rendered in the war of 1812. I admit that Gen-
eral Jackson was right in employing all the ne-
groes he could obtain in the siege of New Orleans.
The loyal slaveholders of Kentucky orany where
else have not objected to the negro being appro-
priately applied to the purposes of the Govern-
ment in this war, not as a soldier, but as a laborer.
If it had been essentially necessary, if it had been
eminently valuable for the preservation of our
Union, of our Constitution, and of our popular
liberties, that the negro should have been engaged
m the war as a soldier, I know no owner of a
slave in the State of Kentucky who would have
objected. 1 have the misfortune to own a few
myself, and if it had been a life and death strug-
gle between the rebellion and the Government,
the loyal men and the traitors, whether the Union
under the Constitution with the preservation of
all its principles and all the rights and liberties
which it guaranties to the people should peiish
or should be supported and continued by the ser-
vices of the negroes, all that I have, and this fee-
ble and withered arm itself, and this decaying cit-
adel of life, would have been given freely to the
cause. But, sir, I know that this great and holy
cause has been prejudiced, weakened, brought
into danger, and is now threatened, still threat-
ened with final overthrow just by reason of the
perverted manner in which a false and mistaken
policy has applied the negro.
Sir, I know something of this General Thomas
myself. I proposed here two sessions ago to
raise a committee to investigate his loyalty. It
was denied by this body. I was then prepared
to prove that he was a rebel sympathizer, en-
gaged and colleagucd with rebels at the onset of
this war; that there were cannon and other prop-
erty for the use of rebels loaded on a small craft
near Georgetown, and that he was apprised of
that property being there and of its destination,
and he was invoked to interfere for the purpose
of seizing that property. He refused to do so, as
I was informed credibly, and as I have no doubt
i should have proved by evidence entitled to all
weight, until the property was carried off to se-
cessia. He then was a traitor to his Govern-
ment; he was a traitor to his country; he was a
