1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
empted shall be eiu oiled again, if not before returned to the
enrollment list under the provisions of this section." And
that the Senate agree to the said several amendments.
That the sixth section of the bill of the Senate be stricken
out.
That the seventh section of the bill of the Senate be
stricken out.
That the eighth section of the bill of the Senate be
stricken out, find that the Senate do agree to the fifth sec-
tion of the amendment of the House of Repiescntativea.
That the ninth section of the bill of the Senate be stricken
out, and that the Senate do a<rree to the ninth section of the
amendment of the House of Representatives, with the fol-
lowing amendments, to wit: 1. Alter the word " able," m
the second line of said section of tviid amendment, insert
the words " or ordinary." 2. After the word u able," in the
ninth line of said section, insert the words " or ordinary,"
3. After the woid <c able," in the sixteenth line of saids'ec-
tion, niseit the wofds "or ordinary." 4. Stnke out the
woids £v Seetotaiy oHhe Navy and the Secietaiy of War,"
in the twentieth and twenty-fast lines, and insert the words
" Piend'-nt of the United'.States" ni lieu thereof. And
thai the House of representatives agree to the said seveial
amendment's.
That tlnj Hou^e of Representatives do agree to the tenth
scction of the bill of the Senate, with the following amend-
ments,to wit: 1. Atterthe word "able," in the second line
of said section, insert the woids "orordinary." 2. Stake
out the word " oi," where it firstoccurs m the fifth line of
said portion. 3. After the word "township," in the fifth
line of said section, insert the woids u precinct or election
district." 4. Strike out the woid "or," m the sixth line
of said s.eetion. b. Ailei the woid " townships," in the
sixth line of said section, insert the woids "pieemctsor
election districts." And that the Senate do agree to the
said several amendments.
That the Ilou^e of Rcpiesontatives do agree to the elev-
enth section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment*, to wit: 1. Stnke out the word " oi," in the
eighth hue of said section. *2. Atterthe word <{ township,"
in the eighth and ninth line-: of -aid section, insert the wonis
"precinct oi election district." 3. Stt ike out the woid "or."
in the tenth hue of sai.i section. 4. Atterthe word " town-
ships," in the tenth lino of .-aid section, nn^ert the woids
"pieeinets or election disUict*." And that the Senate do
airiee to the said several amendment*.
That the twelfth section oi the bill of the Senate be stricken
out.
That the thirteenth section of the bill of the Senate be
stricken out, and that the Senate doagiee to the thirteenth
section ol the ameiirtmentof the House of Repiesentatives.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the four-
teenth section of the bill of the Senate.
That tiie IIou*e of Representatives do ayree to the fif-
teenth section «>f the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment, to wit: Add to said section the following:
"And nothing m this section contained shall be constmed
to icheve the pu'ty offending from liability, tin del propei
indictment or process, foi any ciime against the laws of a
State, committed by him while violating the provisions of
this r-eetion." And that the Senate do agree to said amend-
ment.
That the House of Representatives do agree to the six-
teenth section of the bill of the Senate.
That the Senate do amee to the seventeenth section of
the amendment of the House of Representatives.
That tlie seventeenth section of the biil ol the Senate
be vtticken out, and that the Senate do agree to the eigh-
teenth Miction of the amendmentoftho Ilouscof Represent-
ative".
That the House of Repiesentatives do agiee to the eigh-
teenth M-etion of the hill of tile Senate.
That tlie liou^e of Repie*-eutativi'^ do agree to the nine-
teenth section of the hill of the Senate, with the following
amendment*, to wit: 1. Stuke outthe woid " font," in the
eleventh Ime o( &aid mtUou, and m.seit the woid lvfhlee,,
in hf'u tNeieof. o stuke out all of «aid -eenou alt"r tlie
w oid " -oldier*." in tile louiteentli line, and in >ert the fol-
lowing m heutheieot: '■ i'rotided, That no per-on shall
be entitled to the. hem fit of the piovi-jon-* of thi* «eetion,
unie*s his decollation of con<ctentiou> scruples against
bear.ng aims shall hi' Mippoited by sati>factoiy e\idcnce
that hi* depoi tmentlia-been uniformly con *istent \\ ith such
deelataiion." And tiiat the Senate do agiec to the said sev-
eral amendments.
That the Ilou-e of Repiesentatives do agree to the twen-
tieth section of the lull of the Semite.
That the Hou.-e of R«' pre«entati\ es do agree to the twen-
ty-fn.-t section of the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment, to wit: Stuke out thewotds ''absent fiom
the eountiy or," ill the sivth and seventh lines of^aid-see-
tion, ami m-oit the wotd* "lor come good and sullieient
reason" in li^u theieof. And that the Senate do agree to
said amendment.
Tn.it the House of Representatives do a< rce to the twen-
ty->( com! section oi the hill ot the Senat.', with the toliow-
m« amendment, to w it: Add to said section the ioihn\ mg
PtotX'h'tJ, Tliat the Seeictaiy ot Wai may oiiK-r the di*-
eharire ot all pe'.-ons m the military seivice who meiindet
the age of emliteen yeai* at the time of tlie application for
then du-ehaige, win n u shall appeal upon due pioof that
t-ueh pei.-oii- ate in th<-> >eiviee without the consent.eith"!
e\pics?> oi implied, of then parent-, or guaidian*: diul pro-
vided fnithcr, That sueh pei*ons, then parents oi guatd-
iaii--, .-'hdl! Jit-t icpay to the Government and to tne State
and local authWiii'-s all bounties and advance pay winch
may have been paid to them, anything in the act to wlueh
tin* w an amendment to tlie eontiaiv notu lai-Undniy/"
And that the Senate do n<?K\> to said amendment.
That the flume ofRepje-cntative- uoagtee to the twrniy-
thnd section o! the bill of the Senate, with the ioK'-wing
amendment, to wit: 1. After tlie woid 11 anjin the t'muli
line of said M-etion, insoit the word " diatted." Stu!:e
out the words tk dratted, and liable to render seivice,"in
the hit li line of said section. And that the Senate do agu >;
to the 'mid amendment-.
That the House of Uepiesenlatives agree {<> the Iwenlv-
fouith section of tlie bill of the Senate, with liie following
! amendment, to wit: After the word " disability," in the
| sixteenth hue, in?cmhe words " and anyofliccr, clerk, or
j deputy connected with the board of enrollment who shall
: leeeivc conipmsation fiom any diafted man for any ser-
i viee^,or obtaining the performance of such service required
| from any memhei of said board by the provisions oi' this
act." And that the Senate do agree to said amendment.
That the House ofRepresentatives doagree to the twenty-
fifth section of the bili of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives doagree to the twenty-
sixth section of the bill of the Senate,
That the Senate do agree to the twenty-sixth section of
the amendment of the House of Representatives, with the
following amendments, to wit: 1. After the word " male,"
in the fir^t line of said section of said amendment, insert
the word "coloied." 2. Strike outthe words'< of African
descent," in the second line of said section. 3. Strikeout
the words " whether citizens or not," in the thud line of
said section. 4. After the woid "thereof," m the ninth
line of said section, mseit the words " and thereupon such
slave shall he free." 5. Strike out the word " owes," in
the twelfth ime of said scction, and in^cit the words " was
owing." 6. Strike out the woids " on freeing the person,"
in the thuteenth and fomteenth hues of said' scction. 7.
Strike out the word "the," in the sixteenth line of said
reetion, and inseit the word " a" in hen thereof. 8. Strike
outthe woids " commutation money, upon the master free-
ing the slave," in the nineteenth and twentieth lines of
said section, and insert the words " fund derived from
commutations, and every such colored volunteer on being
inii'-ieied into the service shall be free," in lieu thereof.
9. After the word "enlisted," in the twenty-first line of
said section, insert the woids " or have volunteered " 10.
After the word "applicable," in the twenty-fouith line of
said section, stiike out the woids "as well." 11. Add to
said section the following : " But men of color, drafted or
enlisted, or who may volunteer into the mihtaiy service,
while they shall be credited on the quotas of tlie several
Stat".*, or subdivisions of States, wherein they are respect-
ively diafted, enlisted, or shall volunteei, shall not be as-
signed as State troops, but shall be mustered into regiments
oi companies as United States colored volunteeis." And
that the House of Repiesentatives do agtee to the said sev-
eral amendments.
That tlie twenty-seventh section of the bill of the Senate
be stricken out.
That the following section be inserted in the bill of the
Seiijue, to wit:
"Sec,—. Jlndhcitfurthcr enacted, That the word*f pre-
cinct' and ' election district,' as used in this act, shall not
be cont-trued to requheany subdivision forpurposesof en-
loiiment and diatt less than the wards into winch any city
or village may be divided, or than the towns or townships
lulo wnich any county may be divided.''
That the Hou*e of Representative* do agree to tlie twen-
ty-eighth section of the bill ol the Senate.
That the llouse of Repios-entativcs do iccede fiom tbeii
amendment to the bill of tlie Senate, except as iceitcd in
the foregoing leport.
HENRY WrLSON,
J. W. NHSM1TH,
J \V\ GIUMCS,
Manageis on the pad of the Senate.
ROBERTSCHGNCK,
HENRY C.DEM1NG,
Manager'! on the part oj the House,
Mr. SUMNER. I observe in one case an er-
ror cither of the pen or of the type. One item
of the report proposes to sttike out the word
"the," m line sixteen of tlie twenty-sixth sec-
tion of the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and insert the word "a" in lieu of it.
The word " the" is m the fifteenth and not the
sixteenth line of that section.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have looked over the bill,
and I see that the report follows the paging of the
original bill.
Mr. WILSON. Of the manuscript copy.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have made several marks
of the kind I have just stated
Mr. SHERMAN. So it is ail the way through.
You can tell nothing- from this report.
Mr. WILSON. The numbers are according
to the manuscript copy, and not according to the
printed bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have before us the
printed bills; but these amendments are based on
the manuscript bills.
Mr. SUMNER. Following tlx*? printed copy,
I observe several discrepancies. If it is all right
in the manuscript, I do not know the use of say-
mo- anything about jr.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We have been compelled
to examine tins htl' so hastily that I wish to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs what change, if any, is made in the commu-
tation required by the Senate bill? Does this
change the rate of commutation?
Mr. WILSON. U reduces it from ^400 to
fvSUU.
Mr HENDRICKS. I wish to ask one further
question. I understand that wiUexencipt theparty
for one year, and no longer. - - ' -
Mr. WILSON. 'The Senate provided" ifTthe
bill that the commutation should be $4Q0,an<£ that
the person paying commutation should be subject
to the next call. The House of Representatives
reduced the sum from |400 to $300; and proVided
that the name of the person paying comm'Stytiqft
should not be placed in the box and be liable' to
be drafted again until the entire list in the,box1
had been drawn out That seemed to be a bounty
to pay the commutation as against getting sub-
stitutes, because if a man gota substitute and'the*
substitute was liable to duty and was drafted in
the next draft, then he had to go; and of course
a man would not procure a substitute, but would
pay the money under those circumstances. The
time, therefore, was agreed upon to be one year.
The payment of commutation will exempt for
one year under this report.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are one or two radi-
cal changcs in this bill which I should like to have
explained. It is a very important bill. I very
rarely make any objection to the report of a com-
mittee of conference, because I know they have
great difficulties to overcome. They must yield
as a matter of course, there being differences be-
tween the two Houses. But 1 should like to know
if there was any reason given in the committee for
striking out the sixth section of the Senate bill?
I will state, before the Senator from Massachusetts
answers, that the fifth section also has been very
materially modified, and I do not think it has been
at all improved, by inserting this clause at the
end of the section:
And lus name shall be retained on the roll in filling future
quota*; but in no instance shall the exemption of any per-
son on account oi hi* payment of commutation money for
the procuiation of a substitute extend beyond one year;
but ut the end of one year, in every such case, the name
of any person so exempted ?hall be emollcd again if not
beiore returned to the enrollment list under the provisions
of tbis section.
Under the operation of the bill as it is amended,
if a person pays commutation money it exempts
him from service for one year. Under the bill as
it passed the Senate, it exempted him from ser-
vice only during that call; so that the result of
the conference has been to give a greater effect to
the payment of commutation money than was
given to it by the Senate bill, if I undeistand it
correctly.
The sixth section was carefully considered in
the Senate, and was inserted by a very full vote,
almost a unanimous vote, and I see no reason for
striking it out:
That tlie commutation money paid by persons drafted in
any congressional dMuct shall be applied by the War De-
paitment for the pioeuration of substitutes, which substi-
tutes shall be credited to that district in filling its quota.
And then it requires each State and each dis-
trict of a State to proceed with the draft to fill its
quota. This is the only provision in the bill
which compels each State to fill its quota. If you
strike out the sixth section of the bill the pay-
ment of the commutation money by any of the
States would relieve that State from the araft for
one year, and in the mean time the draft would go
on and be enforced in the other States which do
not pay the commutation money. Under the
operations of this bill any State might pay the
entire commutation money, and thus be relieved
from the draft without furnishingasingle soldier.
It spoms to me, unless there is some good reason
for it, this should not be adopted. It is a radical
change of the law; and in certain districts and
communities it may defeat the draft, as has been
done under the old law. I should like to under-
stand why that section is stricken out, and also
the seventh section; but that is not so material.
1 notice also that several sections of the Senate
bill are stricken out, and other sections of the
House bill which relate to different matters are
inserted. It is very difficult to understand it
without having the whole bill before us as it will
be if this repott shall be concurred in. It seems
to mc that in the printing of this bill, it should
have been printed as it will stand if it passes in
the form recommended by the committee of con-
ference. As it is printed now we cannot under-
stand it. The references to the pages and lines
refer to the manusciiptcopy, and not to the print-
ed copy. It is impossible for any one to under-
stand this import ant committee of conference with-
out a great deal of labor, and doing what the
