1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lection distjiot, and owns or occupies a depot or warehouse
for t!jc jvfoiago and sale of such beer, lasjer beer, or aie in
auothur coiKjctio.i district, lie may, instead of paying to the
collector of the di.stiict whore the same was manufactured
the duties chargeable thereon, present to such ;ts«es.sor or
as-Mant asse<-or an invoice of the quantity or number of
ban els about to be removed for the purpose of storage and
sale, specifying in &iich invoice the depot or warehouse in
which he intends to place such beer, layer beer, or ale ; and
thereupon such a^essor or assistant assessor shall iudor&e
on such invoice lu  pei mission for such removal, and the
assessor or assistant assessor shall, at the same time, trans-
mit to the collector of the district in which such depot or
waicliou.se is situated a duplicate of such invoice ; and
thereafter the manufacture! of the beer, lager beer, or ale
suiemovcd shall render the same account, and pay ilie
same dunes, ami be subject to the same liabilities and pen-
alties as it the beer, lager beer, or ale had been manufac-
tured m the distuct to which the same lias been removed,
'l'he CouuniSbionerof Internal Revenue may piescrihe such
uiles he may deem uecessary for the purpose of c<u lying
the provisions of this, section into effect.
Mr. MOIUULL. I move to insert after the
woids "assistant assessors" the woids "or
other competent officers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word "pay" the woids " to such collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. Pvt. And he it fuiiher enacted, Th.^t the owner, agent,
or superintendent ot any vessel or vessels used in malum?
fermented iiquoi-, oi ot any still, boiler, or other vessel
u-Jed jn the di-liilituon of ■spirits on which duty is payable,
who shall neirlect 01 icfuse to make rrue and exact entry
and repot r of the same, 01 to do, or cause to be done, any
of the tilings by law requued to be done asaf'oiesaid, shall,
upon tlio written notification of the fact to the collectoi ui
deputy collectoi by the as*cssoi or assistant assessor, for-
feit for every such neglect or refusal all the liquojs and
ppirit* made bv or fot him, and all the vessels used in
making the ^anie, and the still% boilers, and other vcj-seU
u>ed m distillation, together with the sum of $oU0, to lie
recovered with eo^ts or suit; which satd liquots 01 spuits,
with the vc^eis containing the «ame, with all the vessels?
used in making the same, may be seized by any collector
or deputy collector of internal duties, and held by hmffintil
a deacon shall be hail then-on according to jaw : Fiuiulcd,
That ;>uch seizure be made within tinity days after the
cau<e fot the same shall have been notified to the collector
or deputy collector, as afotesatd, and that proceedings to
cnibiee *aid foifoituie shall have been commenced by such
collettoi within twenty days aftei the seizure thereof. And
the pioceedings to enfotee said fortoitmo of said pioperty
Mi.<11 b.'1 m the natuteofa ptocecduig in ?«'?«, in the cir-
ciitoi di>t'ict eouitof the United States for the district
wheio biicii seizuieismade, or in any othei court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Mr. iVJORRILL. I move to inseit after the
words "assistant assessor" the words, "or in-
spector.'5
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
See. 65. And he it further enacted, That in all casfs in
which the duties aforoaui, payable on spirits distilled and
sold, or icmoved foi consumption or sale, or beei, lager
beer, ale, poitei, and other snmiaj fermented liquors,fchail
not be paid at the time of rendeung the duplicate account
of the same, oi at the tune when they '•hall have become
payable, ui heiein requued, to the collector or deputy col-
lector of the distiiet, the poison or pubonb chargeable there-
with shall pay, m addition,ton per cent, on the amount
thereof; and until sueh riurtt s w jth <*ucli addition shall be
paid, they shall he and lemain a Iten upon the di.-tillery
vvheie «uch hquor- have been distilled, or the brewery
where such liquors have been hie wed, and upon the stdN,
boileis, vats and all other implements theieto belonging,
until the name shall have been paid, &cc.
Mr. MORRILL, I move to insert after the
woi;ds "remain a lien upon" the words "the
interests of all persons in default in;" and in the
next line, after the word "or," the word "in."
Mr. BOUTWELL. It seems to me* that we
ought to have a lien upon the distillery. I op-
pose the amendment. j
Mr. KASSON. I call the gentleman's atten- |
tion to the fact that in the bill already passed we '
have adopted the same amendment. We have in '
the existing law confined it to the interests of the
parties in the distillery.
Mr. WOODBRJDGE. I find in section fifty-
one, line seventeen, the following:
And the said duty shall be a lien on such spii its and a!«o
on the inteiest of all persons iu default in the distilleiy
used for distilling the same, with all the stills, vessels, fix- (
tures, and tools therein, and in the lot or tiact of land '
wheieou the said distillery is situated until the said duty 1
shall be paid. i
The amendment was rejected. J
The Clerk read, as follows: j
Sec. 6G. And be it finth*r cnacted, That every person 1
licensed asafoies.t td to distill -pirn*., oi licensed as a brewer, !
who shall neglect or icfuse to i'umi-di the account and du- 1
plicate thereof, as heicmbeioie provided, or who s>ha!l re- i
fuse to permit the said assizor, assistant a^sessoi, collector ,
or deputy collector oi inspector to examine the books in '
the manner provided for. when requested, shall, for every •
«uoh refusal or neglect, Omeit the sum of §500
Mr. HALE. I move to insert before the word
"neglect" the word "willfully." The section
imposes a heavy penalty, and there ought to be
a criminal intent. Therefore I propose to make
it read "willfully neglect."
The committee divided •> and there were—ayes
32, noes 40.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Baxter and
Lazeaii were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 30, noes 63.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
following, as the same provision is in another part
of the bill:
Sec. 67. And he it fuithcr enacted, That all medicines,
preparations, composition*, perfumery, and cosmetics, in-
tended for exposition, as provided foi, in order to be manu-
factured and sold or icmoved without being charged with
duly, and without having astainpafii\ed thereto, may, uti-
de! such mlesand regulation>a<? the Secremiy of the'Pieas-
n y may presetibe, be made and manufactured in ware-
houses snmlaily constructed to these,known and designated
in TiouMiry regulations as bonded waiehousos,class two:
Provided^ Such manufactuier shall first give satisfactoiy
bonds to the collector of internal levonue for the faithful
obseivjtnee of all the provisions of law and the rules and
regulations as aforesaid, in amount not less than half re-
quued by the regulations ot the Secretary of the Treasuiy
fioni poison* allowed bonded warehouse*. Such goods",
when manufactured in such v\ ;u chouses, may be removed
for exportation under the direction ot the revenue officer
having; eh.u ge theieof withoutbemg charged with duty and
without having a stamp affixed thereto. Any manufacturer
of the aitieles afmcsaid. or of any of them, having such
bonded warehouse as aforesaid, shall he at hheity, under
such lules and regulations as the Secietaryot the Treas-
ury may prr&ciilx., to convey theiein any materials to be
used m such manulaetuie which aie allowed by the pio-
visions of Jaw to be expoited free from tax or duty, as well
as the uecossaty iriateinils, implements, package-*, vessels,
biaud.v, and labeU lor the piep.nation, putting up, and fx-
poit of the said manufactured amcles; and every aiucle
so used Miali be exempt from stamp and excise duty. Ar-
ticles ami material-* so to be u-cd may be tidn^feried from
any bonded warehouse in winch the, same may be, under
such legulauon* as the tfecietaiyot the Tieasuty ma\ pre-
senile, into any bonded warehouse in which such manu-
facture may be conducted, and may be used m such manu
facture, and when so used shall be exempt from stamp aud
excise dutj. And the leceipt ot the oflieer of the revenue
in charge -hall he received as a voucher for the manufac-
ture of such aiticlev. Any materials imported into the
United States may, under such rules a* the Secictary of the
Tieastny may prescube, and under the direction of the
piopcr oflieer, be removed m original packages from on
shipboard, or from the bonded wamhouses in which'tiie
same may be, into the bonded warehouse in which such
njanufactute may be earned on, for the putpose of being
used in siieh mauufactuje, without payment of duties
thereon, and may thete be u*ed in such manuiaeture. No
aiticle so removed, not any article manufactured in said
bonded vvaiehou-c,shall be taken theieliomexcept for ex-
portation, under the dnection of the proper officer having
charge theieof, whose certificate, descidung the aiticles
by their marks oi otherwise, the quantity, the date of im-'
poitalion. and name of vessel,with such additional paine-
ukus as mayliom time to time be required, shall be re-
ceived by the collector of customs in cancellation of the
bond-: or leturu of the amount of foreign impoit duties. All
labor pertonned and seiviees rendered under these regula-
tions shall be under the supeivision of an oflieei of thecus-
tom-s, and at the expense of the manufacturer.
The motion was u^ieed to.
The Clerk read, as follows: i
Pec. 71. And he tifwither enacted, That in every license I
to bo taken out under oi by authouty of this act shall be
contained and set forth the pmpose, trade, or business for
winch such license is gianted, and tiietiue name and place
of abode ot the person oi peisons taking out the same; if
for a rectifier, the quantity of spiritsauthorized to be recti-
fied; if by a peddiei, whether authorized to travel on foot,
or with one, or two, or more hor-e<,the time lor which
such licence is to inn, and the true date or time of grant-
ing such license, and (except m the case of auctioneer
and peddlers) the place at which the trade, business, or
piofesMon tor which such license is granted shall be ear-
ned on : Proiided, That a license granted under this act
shall not authorize the person oi per«ons, (except lawyers,
physician", surgeons, den usts,eauio-biokers, horse-dealers,
and auctioneers,) oi linn, company, or corporation men-
tioned thetem, to exercise or carry on the tiade or business
specified iri such license in any other place than that men-
tioned therein, or otherwise provided ; but nothing herein
contampd shMl prohibit the storage of good's, wares, or
meichandise m other places than the place of business, nor
the sale by manufacturer^ or producers oi their own goods,
waies, and merchandise, at then principal place of busi-
ness, other than the place of manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike outli true"
and "other than the place of manufacture."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to add the following:
Ami all licenses gianted after the 1st day of May in any
year -.hall continue in force until the 1st day of Maj next
succeeding, and shall be Issued upon the payment of a
ratable pioportion of the whole amount of duty imposed
for such license, and i>ueh licence so granted shall be dated
on tiie 1st day of the mouth in winch it was issued.
Mr. MORRILL. Although the committee did
not agree to this, I concetve'myseif no objection
to tt. , «, *
The amendment was agreed to. - r
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
have permission,after consultation with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to return to section
seventy-three to ofle^anamendment/ In the west-
ern country and in the eastern mountains, in the
small towns, several of the pursuits herp requirea
separate license, are followed by the same par£y,
who even then only earns a moderate living. My
intention is to propose an amendment to cover
such cases. -. ,
There was no objection; and the permission
asked for was accordingly granted.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. "Wasiiburne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally uhder consideration,and
particularly House bill No. 405, to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses; and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILTi.'
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act in amendment of an act en-
ded "An act relating to foreign com and the coin-
age of cents in the Mint of the United States,"
approved February 21, 1857; when the Speaker
signed the same.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio., I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, was agreed to.
The House accordingly took a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
' EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
GRANT OF LAND TO IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table an act (S. No. 208)
making a grant of land to the State of Iowa to aid
in the construction of a railroad from McGregor
to some point on the Missouri river, and certain
collateral roads, to connect with the railroads jn
the State of Minnesota.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up,
read a fiist and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
KKG1STEK TO A VESSEL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflilinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table an
act (S. No. 24U) to authorize the issuing a register
to the steam vessel John Margin.
No objection being iiitule, the bill was taken up
and read in extento. .
The bill was ordered to be read athiid time; and
it wasaccoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. W ASHHURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motiou to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE LASD CLAIMS IN 1SEVT MEXICO.
Mr. WINFIELD, by unanimous* conscnt, re-
ported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims a bill to amend an act entitled "An act -
to confirm certain private land claims it) the Ter-
ritory of Hew Mexico;" wilich was read a first
and second time, ordered to .be engrossed and
read a third time; and being etigiossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; mid also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I present
a letter from the surveyor general of New Mexico,
to go upon the records, in full explanation of this
matter, so that anybody may See the ground
upon which this matter tg bncpd
