746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
printers might have done by printing it as it will
stand in case we adopt the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the House of
Representatives struck out the sixth section of
the Senate bill. It wilt be remembered that that
section was offered by three Senators, and was
ittade up here in the Senate. The different por-
tions of the sections are retained in the bill.
, .Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
Senator refer to them.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
n ohe moment, I will read a portion of it in an amend-
ment made by the committee to the third section.
In the report of the committee of conference, on
page 32, the Senator will find the following:
10. Ailer the word "county," in flic end of said section,
add the following: "And ii' the quota of any district shall
not be filled by the draft made in accoidance with the pro-
visions ot iht> net and the act to which it is an amendment,
further drafts tdtall bo made,and hko proceedings, had until
the quota ol such district shall be filled."
That provision is secured. As to the seventh
section, the House struck that out, and the Senate
committee agreed to it for the reason that it is al-
ready in the old law and there is no need for it
here. It is merely surplusage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I willasktheSenator where
the committee have inserted this provision of the
sixth section:
That colored troops onliated and mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States in any State shall not be credited
upon the quota of any othei State.
Where is that inserted; or is it inserted at all?
Mr. WILSON. The committee of conference
propose to amend the twenty-sixth section of the
bill of the House of Representatives by adding
the following:
Hut men of color, drafted or enlisted, or who may vol-
unteer Into the imluaty setvico, while they shall be cred-
ited on the quotas of the several Stales, or subdivisions of
Slates, wheieiit ihey are n^peetivdv dtaftud, ousted, or
shall vohuilecr, --hall not be a^i^ned as State ttoop^, but
shall be mtMered into tegimeni.s or companies as the United
States colored volunteeis.
They are to be credited where they belong.
Mr. SHERMAN. AH I desire is to preserve
in some form the iVatuics of the sixth section.
As the Senator says they tire preserved, 1 have
no objection to the repot t.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Iowa has
the bill made up this morning just as it will be
when the report of the committee of conference
shall be adopted, and I assure the Senator he will
find it correct,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I wish to state at
this stage of the proceedings, as it may be as ap-
propriate now as at any other time, that although
there arc many things in this enrollment bill which
I favor, 1 cannot consistently with my sense of
public duty vote for any conscription law that
retains the commutation clause in any form.
Hencc I shall vote against concurring in the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I shall re-
luctantly vote against concurrence in the report of
this committee of conference. Tlieie are some
things in this report that i should be very^lad to
vote for; but the position assumed by the Sena-
tor from Indiana meets my concurrence. I voted
with him on the subject of commutation when the
bill was before the Senate, and 1 have seen no
reason to change my opinion on that subject. I
do not believe the House of Representatives have
added anything to strengthen this bill in the way
of procuring soldiers for our armies. I believe
their amendments will have the other effect.
The twenty-sixth section of the amendment of
the House of Representatives, which provided for
the mustering in of persons of African descent,
has been amended and somewhatimproved by the
committee of conference, but still it contains pro-
visions that 1 cannot support. It provides that
we shall go into the State of Kentucky, for in-
stance,and muster in the slaves of loyal and dis-
loyal masteis alike, and it proposes to pay ftom
the Treasury of the country §30U apiece for those
slaves if they are claimed by loyal masteis; and
then it juopu&cs to credit these slaves, which the
people pay for, to the quota of that particular
State. In other words, it proposes to call on the
people of Minnesota to furnish her troops, and
then whatever money certain of her citizens may
pay by way of commutation is to be taken and
paid to the slaveholder for his slave, and the State
is to be credited with that slave.
I believe that this is wrong i$ principle. I be-
lieve that these slaves owe service to the country
just as much as the apprentice or the minor boy.
You lake the apprentice boy in Massachusetts
eighteen years of age and deprive his master of
three years'service without paying himone cent.
You take the son of the aged father, who is de-
pendent on the service of his son for support, and
force him at eighteen years of age into the Army
without paying that father. I never will consent
to turn round and pay another class of men for
the services of their slaves who owe service to
the Government just as much as the apprentice
or the minor boy.
Besides, you provide for paying for these slaves
more than they are worth, admitting that their
masters ought to be paid at all. Why, sir, in a
year and a half from now the slaves of Maryland
and of Kentucky, in my humble judgment, will
not be worth one cent, and they cannot be made
valuable for one cent; for I believe slavery is
going by the board. While the people of the free
States are taxed as they have been, and While the
resources of the North have been invoked as they
have been, I am unwilling that the fund which
is raised in the North by the payment of commu-
tation shall be carried down to these slave States
for the purpose of compensating the loyal or dis-
loyal masters of slaves.
I will state that there is one greatadvance made
in this bill. It provides that the slave on being
mustered in shall be free; but the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] said the other day that
the bare fact of mustering them into the service
freed them. I shall vote against the report.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not think it requisite
on every occasion for a Senator to give the reasons
of his vote; and yet after the remark that has been
made by the Senator from Indiana, I wish to say
one word simply.
I feel very much as he docs with respect to the
effect of allowing the commutation clause in this
bill. I think it will greatly impair the value of the
bill and retard the filling up of the Army, which is
the greatand essential thing. But, sir, if I cannot
get the bill exactly in the shape I desue,or in the
mode in which I think it will be of the most value,
still I do not understand that that should control
my action so far as to prevent my voting for the
bill. If I cannot get it in the best shape in which
I think the necessities of the country require it, I
feel as if I ought to go for it in the best shape in
which I am able to get it. 1 have reason to be-
lieve that the result of this conference committee
has combined as near as possible the general sen-
timent of both Houses of Congress, and peihaps
the general sentiment of the country on the subject.
I think the striking out that exemption clause
would have filled up the Anny, and filled it up in
such a way as would have made the spring cam-
paign a perfect success, and would have term-
inated this war. I believe that no person in the
country who is able to bear arms has a right or
would have a right to resist the operation of such
a law, stringent as it might be, but required by
the stern necessities of the ease.
Relieving that this bill if it passes m its present
shape will go far toward filling up the Army and
supplying the requisites required by the opening
campaign, i shall give my vote in favor of the
report of this committee. In doing so I simply
desired to express the reason for my own action,
without attempting m any way to reflect on the
conduct of others in their action.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise merely to state one or two
objections which will induce me to vote against
thisreportof the committee of conference. That
loport would leave much in the bill that I heartily
approve of, but it would leave much that I utterly
condemn. In the first place, the first section of the
bill isuntouched. That section is in these words:
i: That the President of the United States shall bcauthor-
izod.wheiicvci he '-halldeem itnece*r-aiy,dunngihe piesent
war, to call tot such number of men for the nnlitaiy service
of the United States a? the public exigencies may requite."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Senator will paidon the Chair.
It becomcs the duty of the Chair to call up in the
order of business the unfinished business of yes-
terday at this time.
Mr. WILSON. I move the postponement of
that measure and all other orders for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of this report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, there is but one
power under our Government that is authorized
to raise armies, and that power is the Congress
of the United States. The first section, to which
I object, surrenders that power wholly and un-
conditionally to the President during the war, to
the extentof the whole military population of the
United States. I hold that Congress have no
power to make any such surrender, and that the
Executive has no competency to accept power to
raise armies. The President cannot accept or
exercise any legislative power. There is but one
other concession on the partof Congress to make
the power which it yields to the President over
the subject of the armies complete; thatis also to
authorize him to levy the taxes and borrow the
money necessary to support the Array. These
are all legislative powers, and are required to be
exercised by Congress. It must give the opera-
tions of laising aimies, levying taxes, and bor-
rowing money to support them, the form and
completeness of laws, which the Piesident can
then execute. Sir, if it is competent for Congress
to surrender to the President the uncontrolled
power to raise armies in this war to the utmost
extent of the population of the United States, it is
equally competent for it to surrender to the Presi-
dent thepowerto support those armies; neither of
which can be done.
Another objection that I have to this bill is that
it recognizes the enrolling of negro troops, which
I hold to be both unconstitutional and impolitic.
A third objection is that it declares the libeia-
tion of slaves immediately upon their being mus-
tered into the service of the United States. As I
have frequently stated, I hold that this is entirely
without the competency and power of Congress.
A fourth objection which I make to the report
of the committee is that it is extensive and quite
complicated. It is an extensive maze which I
have not yet explored, and do not comprehend;
and there has been no sufficient time accorded to
the Senate to perform that task. I myself, at
least—and I suppose it is so with every other
member of the Senate exccpt the committee of
conference—have to vote on the question of ac-
cepting this report entirely 111 the dark, without
tin; necessary lights or opportunity to obtain those
lights by an examination of the bill.
For these reasons I shall vote against the report.
Mr. LANE, of Itansas. I would have pre-
ferred if there had been neither exemption from
nor commutation for military service in this bill;
but as a bill without these provisions could not
be passed, believing that the country demands an
enrollment bill of this clmractar, and believing
that there is much good to bo accomplished by it
as it is, I shall waive my objections, and castmy
vote for the report of the committee in the per-
formance of my duty to the country.
Mr. GRIMES. As is very well known to
the members of the Senate I voted against the
passage of this bill when it was originally under
consideration in the Senate. The principal rea-
son for thus casting my vote was that which has
been assigned by the Senator from Indiana. I
was opposed to this com mutation clause. But as a
member of the conferencecommittce I found it was
impossible for us to pass any bill unless I sacri-
ficed some of my personal opinions to the opin-
ions of other gentlemen; and hence, with a good
deal of reluctance, 1 consented to its incorpora-
tion into this bill as framed by the committee, and
agreed to report it back to the Senate with the
modifications that are now contained in it as pre-
sented by the committee of conference; that is,
reducing the commutation fiom §400 to^300, and
making the exemption continue only for one year
in place of the time that was fixed in the original
bill.
Mr. President, I also sympathized with the
opinions which the Senator from Minnesota has
expressed here in relation to th^twenty-sixth
seGtion of the House bill, which the conference
committee has adopted with some modifications.
That section, as the bill originally passed the
House, provided—
" That all able-bod ied m rite persons of Afi ican descent, be-
tween the ages of twenty and lbrty-tive years, whether citi-
zens or not, resident m the United States, shaft be enrolled
according to the pi ovi.-'ions of this act, and ot the act to
winch this is an amendment, and form part ot" the national
forces; and when a slave of a luyal tnastersliall be drafted
and mustered tnlothe service of the United States his mas-
ter shall liaveacertificate thereof; and the bountyof$100,
