2768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
traitor to thatGroveroment that had given him his
military education and his high promotion in its
armies. But, sir, he became a double traitor by
betraying the traitors with whom he had linked
himself. A man who is once a traitor should
stand dishonored in the judgment of all men; but
a man who is twice a traitor, who is a double
traitor, ought to be scorned and damned to eternal
infamy. That is the position of the witness who
is here presented.
Sir, I do not believe a word of what he says in
relation to the efficiency of negroes as soldiers.
As laborers I know it is all true. From observa-
tion I know it is ail true. But this race never in-
vented an alphabet or figures; it has had every
opportunity, of civilization, to a greater or less
_ extent, by contact with the most refined and civ-
ilized nations of the world, and yet it has never
emerged from barbarism; it has proved its ineffi-
ciency; its physical organization is different and
marks an inferiority to our race in many points,
according to all the ethnologists of the world, both
those who favor slavery and those who are op-
posed to it. And yet this race has its advocates
for a claim to equality and amalgamation and mis-
cegenation with the white race. Sir, in propor-
tion as this system of miscegenation goes on it
deteriorates the white race; and that is the reason
of the inefficiency#and degeneracy and premature
decay of the powers on the south of us. It is the
great admixture of this inferior race and the com-
mingling with the white race.
How did the negro troops behave in Florida?
How at Fort Pillow? How at all the points of
collision where they came into contact with the
white man marms on anything like equal terms?
I have seen a report of their prowess against Fitz-
hugh Lee down here in the neighborhood of
Richmond, but that comes from General Butler,
.as i understand. A gallant soldier, a comrade of
his, from his own State, who entered the service
with him, and who knows him, pronounced him
to me to be the greatest poltroon and villain that
he knew. 1 never heard of his being at but one
buttle, except by his own proclamations—those
proclamations that he has issued down from about
Bermuda Hundred. 1 will warrant that he is far
oil' from danger when the storm of battle, with its
iron and leaden hail, is hurtling through the air.
He was in a battle at Lowell. • He has property
that he rented to some gentleman, and this gen-
tleman employed a man to put some pipe along
under the ground,and the mechanic was engaged
in that work; Butler came along, and in his in-
dolent, imperious way, cowardly, (because every
base coward is a tyrant unless he is in the pres-
ence of danger,) insolently directed that man how
to do that woik. The man went on and did it in
his own way. He directed him again. The man
looked at itiin. Said he, " This is not your work;
I am not engaged to do this work for you," or
words to thateiFect,44 mind your own business;"
and Butler kicked him insolently.
Oil, if a slaveholder, if a southerner had so acted
toward that stalwart and honest and brave me-
chanic, who was there operating honestly in his
vocation, how it would have called down the de-
nunciations and the execrations of some of the
pseudo-philanthiopists of our country! Butler
Jacked him! In less than no time the old man,
sixty-two years of age, who was in the ditch,
sprung up, and in less time than it takos me to
tell it, he had Butler on his back, and ho throttled
him there until he was about nearly choked to
death. He let him up, and he just tucked his
tqiil and marched oft". It was the only battle I
ever heard of Butler being engaged in personalty,
aud in that one lie was routed, horse, foot, and
dragoons.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator let me
appeal to him to let us get through with this bill
to-night?
Mr. DAVIS. I have done, but I have some-
thing to say on this bill at length. I have done
with this proposition.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does any Sen-
ator desire a separate vote on any further amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole r If no
Senator dc&iies a separate vole,the question will
be, wiil the Seuatuconcur in theamendments made
as in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the bill has not been
made yet to apply to the District of Columbia in
all its provisions, and I thought of offering this
amendment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That wherever the word
" State" is used in this act it shall be construed to include
the Territories and the District of Columbia, where such
construction is necessary to carty out the provisions of the
act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can do no harm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.SUMNER. There is an amendment which
I moved while in committee, and which I desire
to move again and on which I desire to have a
deliberate vote of the Senate. It is on page 135,
to strike out lines two hundred and twelve, two
hundred and thirteen, and two hundred and four-
teen of section ninety-three, the tax on books.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
On all printed hooks, magazines, pamphlets, reviews,
and all other similar printed publications, except newspa-
pers, a duty of 5 per cent, ad valorem.
MivSUMNER. I am sorry to occupy the at-
tention of the Senate, even for a moment, espe-
cially at this late stage of a protracted discus-
sion. But 1 feel that the question which 1 have
now presented has not been adequately appreci-
ated. I venture to say that, in point of principle,
few questions of equal importance have arisen on
this bill.
The tax on books is peculiar, and, so far as I
know, without a precedent in other countries. In
England paper has been taxed, but books not.
Here paper is to be taxed and books too. For
instance, there is to be a tax of 3 per cent, on pa-
per, and then 5 per cent, additional on books,
making a sum total of 8 per cent, on books.
The tax of 3 per cent, on paper seems to me
contrary to sound policy. But the additional tax
of 5 per cent, on books is more indefensible still.
I have already likened it to a tax on wheat or
flour or bread, which you do not think of impos-
ing. More than either of these is a book "the
staff of life." it may be likened also to a tax on
tiro light of day, like the English window tax,
which you do not think of imposing. Better shut
out the light of day than the light of books.
The book in some cases may be a luxury, but
in most cases it is a necessary, while always it
is the handmaid of civilization. It is for all ages
and ail conditions. It is for young and old; for
rich and poor. It is for the family ciicle as well
as the library; butit is especially for the school.
In all these places you will enter and demand 8
per cent, on every book. Every book, if it had
a voice, would repel the demand.
Why not be instructed by the example of Eng-
land, which has taxed everything taxable? Read
the extensive list of articles taxed at the period of
most seai clung and wide-spread taxation, and you
will not find books. Road that marvelous enu-
meration, made by the genius of Sydney Smith;
you will not find books. Here it is:
" Taxes upon eveiy article which enters into the mouth,
or cover?; the back, or is placed under the fool; taxes upon
eveiything \\ Inch n is pleasant lo see, hear, feel, smell, oi
taste ; lavesupon warmth, light, and locomotion; ta\eson
everything on earth, and the waters under the eat th; on
everything that comes lrom ahioad, oi is giown af home ;
taxep. on tin1: mw materia!, taxes on every <ie--h value tii.it
h added to ii by the industry oi man ; taxes on the sauce
which pamper man*- appeuto, and tin; diug that icstoics
him to health ; on the ermine which deeoiates the judge,
and the lope which hang-- the criminal; on the jtm>r man's,
salt, and the rich man's spice ; the brass nails oi the coffin,
and the nhhoiis of the hude - at hod ot board, couchant oi
levant, \vc nm>t pa) . The school hoy \\ lup> his taxed lop,
the heardierf-i vomh manage"- hi* taxed horse with a I axed
la idle on a taxed road ; and the dying Englishman, pouring
Jus medicine which has paid 7 pel cent, into a spoon that
ha- paid 15 per cent., flings himself hack upon hi.-, chintz
bed winch has paid 'U per cent., and expires in the aims of
an apothccaiy who has. paid a licence ot' £ 100 foi the pi iv-
ilege ot putting hnn lo deaih. Iiis whole property is then
immediaielv taxed from 9 to 10 per cent. Beside- the pio-
bate, large ires aie demanded fot burymghim m the chan-
cel; his virtues arc handed down to posteiityon taxed
marble ; aud he is then gathered to his fathers, to he taxed
no more."
A passage so exquisite in wit and language can-
not be our of place, especially when considering
what shall bo taxed; but I ask you to bear in
mind that the English tax-gatherer never laid his
hand on a book. Everything else he might touch;
but a book never.
And yet m our country it is now proposed to
tax books. This is the land of public schools,
and yuu boast that education, like justice, is free
to all at the public cost. But a tax on books is
1 in direct conflict with this beautiful principle.
Every argument for free schools pleads also for
free books, at least so far as taxation is concerned.
It will be a curious inconsistency to rear the
school-house, often costly, where every child is
welcomed without charge, and then compel him
to pay a tax of 8 per cent, on every book which
he carries in his satchel.
There is one term which fitly characterizes this
tax. It is aterm which has been adopted abroad,
but which is more justly applicable to a tax on
books than to any other tax. I mean a tax on
knowledge. Such is the tax which is now pro-
posed. And this tax, which cannot bo named
without awakening just condemnation, you are
now asked to make an American institution. Af-
ter a long struggle in England the various taxes
on knowledge have been abandoned. I hope that
our country, representative and defender of lib-
eral ideas, will not commence'a system which
liberty and civilization must disown. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senate could discrim-
inate between the kind of books I would agree to
it myself. There are some kinds I should like to
tax and some I would not. There is a cheap kind
of literature which is said to be very profitable,
and I think is very destructive, and it should be
taxed. It is a little revolting to me to tax all
books. I would not like to tax Bibles, spelling-
books, and the publications of the American Tract
Society; but I do not know where we can dis-
criminate.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is a difficulty in
making the discrimination. No people has ever
undertaken to impose such a tax, and I hope we
shall not begin now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Collamei, Davis, Uailan, Howaid,
Pomeruy, Powell, Sumner, and Willey—8
NAYS—Messrs. Antbonv, Brown, Uarhie, Clark, Oon-
ness, Uonhitlc, Fcssenden, Foster,Grimes, flaitis, Hender-
son, Ilendiieks,Uovvo, Johnson,llamsey,TonE>ok,Tium-
bull, Van Winkle, and WjKou—19.
ABSENT—Messis. Buckalew,Chandler,Cowan, Dixon,
Foot, Il.ile, iiaiding, Hicks, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDongall, Morgan, Morrill, Nesimth, RiehauUon,
Kiddle, Saulshtny, Shcimau, Sprague, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wright—122.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move after section fifty-
nine to insert the following as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the owner oi owneis of
any manufactory of cotton or woolen goods may provide,
at hi* or their own expense, a warehouse, established in
confoinuty With such legulations as the Secretaiy of the
Trea-tny may pi escribe, and such wuiehouse, when ap-
proved bv the collector, is hetebv declared a bonded ware-
house ot the United States, and shall be u^edonly for stor-
ing cotton ot woolen goods, and to lie undei the custody of
the collector or ins deputy. And the dut\ on the cotton or
woolen goods stoied m such warehouse shall be paid be-
fore they are removed, m pui&iiance ol law.
This is an amendment I offered in committee,
and there was no division on it. Since we give
whisky,and very properly, I think, the privilege
of being bonded, and all foreign goods have the
privilege of being bonded, I cannot see why the
privilege cannot be extended to our own produc-
tions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust that provision
will not be adopted. It would make infinite ex-
pense.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have one more amend-
ment which, like the one I have just offeied, is in
the printed list of amendments that was proposed
to be offered by my colleague, who is absent. 1
have altered the word "final" to "finishing."
In section ninety-three, line four hundred and-
thirty-eight, after the word " thereof," I move
to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That if any of the aiticles named herein are
manufactured m one district and receive finishing process
in another, if manufactured by one and the same party, the
tax shall be assessed m the district m which the article as
aforesaid receives its finishing process.
This amendment, I believe, was rejected before
because the term " final process," which is alegal
term, was in, and therefore I have altered it to
" finishing process." The amc ndment will be of
great convenience to many tax-payers, and not
the slightest loss or inconvenience to the Gov-
ernment. If the object is, as I am sure it is, on
the part of the committee, to make the bill as lit-
tle burdensome as possible to the tax-payers,
