1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, twenty-five thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars.
naval asylum, philadelphia.
For furniture and repairs of same; house clean-
ing and whitewashing; repairs to furnaces, grates,
and ranges; gas and water rent; for hospital, and
repairs of all kinds, fire thousand two hundred
dollars.
For the purchase and preparation of a site for a
cemetery for the Navy and marine corps, near
Philadelphia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For support of beneficiaries, thirty-two thou-
sand dollars.
X?or gratuities and medals of honor, five thou-
sand dollars.
For bounties for destruction of enemies' vessels,
as per act of July seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, for the bettergovernment of theNavy,
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of photographer for Ordnance Bureau,
three hundred dollars.
For compensation of petty officers, seamen, and
others of the crew of the United States steamer
Monitor, lost at sea December thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of petty officers, seamen, and
others of the crew of the United States steamer
Cairo, lost in Yazoo nver December twelve, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, eight thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, out of
the appropriation of seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars for a floating dry-dock at navy-yard,
New York, provided for by the act makingappro-
priations for the naval service of the United States,
approved third March, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-l)iree, the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized to construct one or two dry-
docks, as he may deem expedient, at New York
and Philadelphia, at two hundred and sixty thou-
sand dollars each, and to expend the balance of
said appropriation, if it shall be necessary, to en-
laige the sectional docks to a capacity to receive
the large vessels now building.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be added three professors to the number of
professors of mathematics nowauthonzed bylaw,
who shall beappoimed and commissioned as now
provided by law, and who shall be a professor of
ethics and English studies, a professor of Spanish,
and a professor of drawing, at the Naval Acad-
emy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States Naval Academy shall be returned to
and established at the Naval Academy grounds in
Annapolis, in the State of Maryland, before the
commencement of the academic year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five.
ArpROYtD, May 21, 1864.
Chai>. XCIV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to enable the People of Nevada to form
a Constitution and State Government, and for
the Admission of such State into the Union on
an equal Footing with the original States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the fifth section of the
act to which this act is an amendmentas provides
by ordinance for submitting the constitution to the
people of said State, for their ratification or rejec-
tion, at an election to be held on the second Tues-
day of October, be so amended as to read " on the
first Wednesday of September,"and that the elec-
tion for the purposes aforesaid be held on that day
instead of the second Tuesday of October.
Approved, May 21,' 1864.
C«ap. XCV.—An Act to provide a Temporary
Government fur the Temtory of Montana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thai all that part of the lerntory of the j
United-Slates included within the limits, to wit: I
Commencmgata point formed by the intersection ;
of the twenty-seventh degree of longitude west
from "WVslungion with the forty-fifth degree of
north latitude; thence due west on smd forty-fifth
degree of latitude to a point formed by its inter-
section with the thirty-fourth degree of longitude
west from Washington; thence due south along
said thirty-fourth degree of longitude to its inter-
section with the forty-fourth degree and thirty
minutes of north latitude; thence due west along
said forty-fourth degree and thirty minutes of
north latitude to a point formed by its intersection
with the crest of the Rocky mountains; thence
following the crest of the Rocky mountains north-
ward. till its intersection with the Bitter Root
mountains; thence northward along the crest of
said Bitter Root mountains to its intersection with
the thirty-ninth degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence along said thirty-ninth de-
gree of longitude northward to the boundary line
of the British possessions; thence eastward along
said boundary line to the twenty-seventh degree
oflongitude westfrom Washington; thence south-
ward along said twenty-seventh degree of longi-
tude to the place of beginning, be, and the same
is hereby, created into a temporary government
by the name of the Territory of Montana:' Pro-
vided,That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to inhibit the Government of the United
States from dividing said Territory or changing
its boundaries in such manner and at such time
as Congress shall deem convenient and proper, or
from attaching any portion of said Territory to
any other State or Territory of the United States:
Provided further, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to impair the rights of
person or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory so long as such rights shall re-
main unextinguished by treaty between the Uni-
ted States and such Indians, or to include any
territory which, by treaty with any Indian tribes,
is not, without the consent of said tribe, to be in-
cluded within the territorial limits or jurisdiction
of any State or Territory; but all such territory
shall be excepted out of the boundaries, and con-
stitute no part of the Territory of Montana, until
said tribe shall signify their assent to the Presi-
dent of the United States to be included within
said Territory, or to affect the authority of the
Government of the United States to make any
regulations respecting such Indians, their lands,
property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or other-
wise, which it would have been competent for the
Government to make if this act had never passed.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of Montana shall be vested ina Governor,
who shall hold his office for four years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The Governor shall reside within
said Territory, and shall be commander-in-chief
of the militia and superintendent of Indian af-
fairs thereof. He may grant pardons and respites
for offenses against the laws of said Territory,
and reprieve for offenses against the laws of the
United States until the decision of the President
of the United States can be made known thereon;
he shall commission all officers who shall be ap-
pointed to office under the laws of the said Ter-
ritory, and shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a Secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein and hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserve all
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assem-
bly hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and
proceedings of the Governor in his executive de-
partment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws
and journals of the Legislative Assembly within
thirty days after the end of each session, and one
copy of the executive proceedings and official
conespondenee semi-annually, on the first days
of January and July in each year, to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and two copies of the
laws to the President of the Senate and to the
Speaker of the House of representatives, for the
use of Congress. And in case of the death, re-
moval, resignation, or absence of the Governor
fioin the Territory, the secretary shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to execute and
perform all the powers and duties of the Gov-
ernor during such vacancy or absence, or until
another Governor shall be duly appointed and
qualified to fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power and authority of said Territory
shall be vested in the Governor and a Legislative
Assembly. The Legislative Assembly shall con-
sist of a Council and House of Representatives.
The Council shall consistof seven members, hav-
ing the qualifications of voters, as hereinafter pre-
scribed, whose term of service shall continue two
years. The House of Representatives shall, at its
first session, consist of thirteen members, pos-
sessing the same qualifications as prescribed for
the members of the Council, and whose term of
service shall continue one year. The number of
Representatives may be increased by the Legisla-
tive Assembly, from time to time, to twenty-six,
in proportion to the increase of qualified voters;
and the Council, in like manner, to thirteen. An
apportionment shall be made, as nearly equal aa
practicable, among the several counties of dis-
tricts for the election of the Council and Repre-
sentatives, giving to each section of the Territory
representation in the ratio of its qualified voters
as nearly as may be. And the members of the
Council and of the House of Representatives shall
reside in, and be inhabitants of, the district or "
county or counties for which they may beelected
respectively. Previous to the first election the Gov-
ernor shall cause a census or enumeration of the in-
habitants and qualified voters of the several coun-
ties and districts of the Territory to be taken by
such persons and in such mode as the Governor
shall designate and appoint, and the person so ap-
pointed shall receive a reasonable compensation
therefor. And the first election shall be held at
such time and places, and be conducted in such
manner, both as to the persons who shall super-
intend such election and the returns thereof, as the
Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall
at the same time declare the number of members
of the Council and House of Representatives to
which each of the counties or districts shall be
entitled under this act. The persons having the
highest number of legal votes in each of said
Council districts, respectively, for members of the
Council, shall be declared by the Governor to be
duly elected to the Council; and the persons having
the highest number of legal votes for the House
of Representatives in each of said Representative
districts, respectively, shall be declared by the
Governor to be duly elected members of said
House: Provided, That in case two or more per-
sons voted for shall have an equal number of
votes, and in case a vacancy shall otherwise occur
in cither branch of the Legislative Assembly, the
Governor shall order a new election. And the
persons thus electcd to the Legislative Assembly
shall meet at such place and on such day as the
Governor shall appoint; but thereafter the time,
place, and manner of holding and conducting all
elections by the people, and the apportioning the
representation in the several counties or districts
to the Council and House of Representatives, ac-
cording to the number of qualified voters, shall
be prescribed, by law, as well as the day of the
commencement of the regular sessions of the Le-
gislate Assembly: Provided, That no session
in any one year shall exceed the term of forty
days, except the first session, which may con-
tinue sixty days.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all citi-
zens of the United States, and those who have
declared their intentions to become such, and who
are otherwise described and qualified under the
fifth section of the act of Congress providing for
a temporary government for the Territory of
Idaho, approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, shall be entitled to vote at said
first election, and shall be eligible to any office
within the said Territory; but the qualifications
of voters, and of holding office, at all subsequent
elections, shall be such as shall be prescribed by
the Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power of the Territory shall extend to
all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the Constitution of the United States and the pro-
visions of this act; but no law shall be passed in-
tcrfeiing with the primary disposal of the soil;
no tax shall beimposed upon the property of the
United States, nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. Every bill
