1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;Wi
now payable by law for each drafted man, be paid to
the person to wliom such drafted person owes service or
labor at tlie time of his muster into the service of the Uni-
ted States, on fieeing the person."
Itgavean opportunity to the master of the slave
to retain him as a slave, notwithstanding he was
fighting the battles of the country, and take him
back intoslaveryat theendofthe war; Thecom-
mittee* of conference modified it so as to declare
that this man should be free from the moment he
was mustered into the service ofthe United States.
We thus secure the freedom of the man for the
payment of $100, and secure a soldier to the Army
of the United States. The same provision is ex-
tended to those who enlist and to whom the sum
of $300 is paid. They are to be free, and cannot
afterwards be thrown into slavery.
The Senator fromWisconsin quoted the remark
of the Senator from Maryland the other day to the
effect that they were free from the moment they
wereenlisted into the service of the United States.
That was not the spirit of the remark made by
the Senator from Maryland. He meant to say,
1 apprehend, that they were virtually free from
the moment they were enlisted into the service.
They are not actually and de jure free, although
they may be de facto fiee. By this bill we make
them both de facto and dejure free; and I submit to
the Senator from Minnesota and to all my friends
who sympathize with me on this subject that that
is accomplishing a great deal.
Mr. President, I can see the hardship of forcing
a man's sons into the Army or his apprentice, and
not paying him any bounty, when you pay a
bounty to the master of a slave ; but we cannot
carry out all our humanitarian views here in the
Senate, or in legislating for the country. We
want to fill up the Army; we want to fill it up as
rapidly as possible; we want to pass this bill be-
fore the 1st of March; we want to prevent any
disagreement betwe'en the two Houses of Con-
gress, so that it can be immediately put into effect
and these men can become efficient for the spring
campaign; and hence as a member of the com-
mittee 1 consented to, and as a member of the
Senate 1 shall vote for, some provisions of this
bill which are slightly objectionable to me person-
ally. I am notgoingto allow my personal pre-
dilections in regard to any of these questions to
control my vote in such a manner as to prevent
the armies being replenished under this bill for the
spring campaign.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the amend-
ments which have been made by the House of
Representatives and accepted by the committee of
conference have improved the Senate bill. The
bill as it now stands improves the act of last year
and makes a more efficient enrollment act. I think
that all the features of this bill improve the effi-
ciency of the existing law. It is highly import-
ant that it shall be promptly passed, for we must
enfoice the diaft in some portions of the country
in order to fill up the ranks of our armies.
The section to which objection is made by the
Senator front Minnesota has been improved, as
he admits, by the committee of conference. By
that section as it passed the House of Represent-
atives, persons held to service or labor diafted or
enlisted into the military service were not made
free until their masters freed them. Sir, I will
not consent to allow any man to wear the uniform
of the United States or to follow its flag who is
a slave; and this amended section provides that a
slave mustered into theservice oftheUnited States
is free—made free by law on being mustered into
that service. 1 believe that, a slave owes higher
service to his country than he owes to any man
on earth, and that the country has a claim on all
her children; and that all who are fit to do mili-
tary duty, black or white, free or slave, are under
obligations to the Government, and the Govern-
ment has an undoubted right to demand their ser-
vices. The,Government claims and takes our
neighbors, brotheis, sons, why may it not take
the slaves of the slavemasters? Is the blood of
the slave dearer to us than the blood of our own
sons?
The Senator from Kentucky has objected to the j
bill, and avows his purpose to vote against it be- j
cause it proposes to enroll and draft colored per- ;
sons. I am not surprised at this avowal. Sir, !
when the act was pending before us a year and a
half ago to authorize the Government to employ j
colored persons for the military service, the Sen- I
ator opposed it in the strongest terms. He told
us there were from eighty to one hundred thou-
sand slaves in Kentucky owned by disloyal mas-
ters, and that the people of Kentucky would wel-
come foreign despotism or they would arm them-
selves and fight us to the last if we undertook to
arm and free these slaves of disloyal men.
Mr. DAVIS. I said no such thing.
Mr. WILSON. I will read what the Senator
did say; 1 quote from the Globe:
"In my own State I have no doubt that there are from
eighty to one hundred thousand slaves that belong to dis-
loyal men. You propose to place arms in the hands of tlie
men and boys, or such of them as are able to handle arms,
and to manumit the whole mass, men, women, and chil-
dren, and leave them among us. Do you expect us to give
om sanction and our approval to these things? No, no! '
We would regard their authors as our worst enemies, and
theie is no foreign despotism that could come to our res-
cue that we would not joyously embrace before we would
submit to any such condition of things as that. But before
we had invoked tins foieisn de polism, we would arm every
man and boy that we have in the land, and we would meet
you in a death struggle to overthrow together such an op-
pression and our oppressors. Cut we expect to effect our
deliveiance peacefully at the ballot-box; but we know, if
it comes to the trial of arms, we will have the support of
the great body ofthe American people."
Mr. DAVIS. That I admit.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly did not mean to
overstate it, and I did not mean to misstate his
position, or to comment upon it. I simply wish
to state that Senator's position on this question
of arming colored men. Sir, I want to be under-
stood in the Senate, and I fnake no reflections
by these remarks upon the position of the Sena-
tor which he affirms to-day. Kentucky has sent
nearly one half of her men fit for duty into the
military service of the country, or they have
gone into the rebel service. The State has re-
sponded with great patriotism to the calls made
upon her. She has, I think, done her duty, and
done it nobly and bravely. She is called upon
now for eighteen thousand men under the call for
five hundred thousand, and she lias enlisted less
than seven hundred. That State, under this call,
owes the Government more than seventeen thou-
sand men, and to draft those men will be an im-
mense call on the one hundred and twelve thou-
sand enrolled men. She has a large population
of slaves, and according to the Senator's own
statementthcre mustbe somewhere from ten thou-
sand to fifteen thousand able-bodied slaves of rehel
masters ill thatState. This bill provides that those
persons shall be enrolled, that they shall be drafted,
that they may enlist in the service and be credited
to Kentucky, and that a commission shall be ap-
pointed, if they are enlisted, to make an award to
loyal masters of the commutation money, or a
portion of it, paid by persons who pay commu-
tation rather than render personal service. This
bill will be an immense relief to Kentucky. There
is not a State in this Union that will be relieved
by the passage of this act so much as the State of
Kentucky. There is not a State in the Union
where a draft for ten thousand, fifteen thousand,
or twenty thousand men would press so hard upon
the people as in the State of Kentucky. We pro-
vide for enrolling all her colored men, slave and
free, the slaves ofthe loyal and disloyal masters,
and for drafting them and bringing them into the
military service, and for enlisting them. Sir, this
will be a boon to the white moil of Kentucky, will
be an immense relief to them, and will, 1 doubt
not, bo hailed and welcomed by her toiling men,
upon whom the burdens of military duties press
heavily. Slavemasters, caring more for slavery
than for the toiling people or for the periled coun-
try, may denounce this act,but it will carry relief
to the homes of the poor white men of Kentucky.
They will soon realize its blessings. They do
not believe the blood of the rich man's slaves
dearer than their own.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the Senator to
say that this commutation money paid from the
other States can be applied to the purchase of ne-
o-roes in the State of Kentucky?
Mr. WILSON. Sir, I refer to the section which
reads:
" The Pccietaiv of War shall appoint a commission in
each of the slave States lepresented m Congress, charged
to award to cucb loyal person to whom the eoloied volun-
teer may owe scrvice a lust compensation, not exceeding
$300. to each such colored volunteer, pajable out of the
commutation lnuiiej," &.c.
The Government is authorized to draft; it ac-
cepts substitutes; it accepts a commutation. The
Government takes this commutation money and
employs it in whatever part of the country it
pleases. If it raises men in the State where the
commutation money is paid, those men are cred-
ited to that State. If it raises the men in other
States, they are credited to those other States; but
they go to fill up the Army, and the Government
gets the men called for. We provide, in order to
deal equitably and justly, and with extremeiib-
erality, that there shall be a commission appointed
which may award to persons claiming the service
or labor of colored men a sum not exceed ipg $300
for every slave mustered into the military service,
to be paid out of the commutation fund. This
measure will tend to produce good feeling and
harmony among the different portions of the peo-
ple of the loyal States, and will therefore promote
the interests of the whole country. It will, put
thousands of colored men into the service of the "
United States, save the blood of thousands of
white men, and, to some extent, lighten the bur-
dens of the slaveholding border States which the
extinction of slavery may impose upon them.
Slavery is destined to perish. It will not, itcan-
not survive the war into which it has plunged the
nation. Slavemasters whose treason, unjust de-
mands, or timidity brought this conflict upon us,
have little claim to the generosity of the nation;
but, for the harmony of the country, the nation
should deal generously with the slave States that
have remained faithful to the country.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I stated in as few
words as I could use to express my meaning a
few objections that would induce me. to vote
against this report. In performing that task it
was not my purpose to enter into any debate or
any examination of the merit? of the bill; but
merely that my own constituency might know
the grounds upon which I voted, I rose to state
the grounds of my vote in a few general remarks.
The Senator fiom Massachusetts comes into
the Senate Chamber with an extract from a speech
of mine made a considerable time back upon a
cognate subject, and reads it to the Senate, hav-
ing first stated it, and according to his usual habit
having grossly perverted, misrepresented, and
garbled what I had said.
Mr. WILSON. The report will show that it
was exactly right.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator had contented
himself with reading from my speech as I deliv-
ered it, I would have taken no exception whatever
to his course; but he first falsely stated the effect
of what I said; after lie had denounced it on that
ground, he then read it. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that that Senator is determined to press
me to the wall. When I commenced to quote
that Senator's personal attacks on me a few days
since, made on previous occasions in the Senate,
the Senate, I admit in obedience to its rules, sus-
tained a motion calling me to order, and denied me
the privilege of quoting and teviewing what he
had said in his assaults upon me. I do not com-
plain that the Senate thus enforced its rules, but
when the Senate metes out one rule to me and
a different one to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, with all respect and deference to the Senate
and its judgment, I think it does me injustice.
Now, I will say one or two words in relation
to the bill and report under consideration; and I
regret that I am called upon to say anything in
addition to the few remarks that I before made.
The Senator says this measure is liberal to Ken-
tucky, and it is liberal in the aspect of relieving
her white population to some considerable extent
from military service and imposing it upon the
slaves. Mr. President, I suppose that Kentucky
is the best judge of that matter. If she is ready
and willing, and offers to raise her full quota of
men for this war, it seems to me that it would be
not only liberal but it would be nothing more than
strictjusticc to allow her to do it in her own mode.
She would greatly prefer to raise all her troops
from her white population, and whenever she is in
default for an unreasonable time in raising her full
quota from her white population, the Government
of the United States would then have a pretext
and some show of reason for levying the residue
in which she was deficient upon her negro popula-
tion. But she has beeiun no such default foran
unreasonable time. Tj|B&nator states truly that
the military population Oiiventucky according to
the rolls is about one hundred and twelve thou-
sand. Her returns to the WarDepai tment show
! that she lias supplied upward of fifty thousand
