THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1864.
New Series No. 174.
while rendering all the revenue that can be col-
lected from the articles taxed, 1 hope they will
agree to this amendment.
The amendment was rejcctcd.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole not otherwise disposed
of.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 224 I move to
strike out from line one hundred and ninety to
line two hundred and twelve, of schedule B, and
to insert a provision in lieu of it. 1 offer the
amendment merely for the purpose of opening
that subject to a committee of conference between
the two Houses.
The words to be stricken out were read, as
follows:
Warehouse receipt for not exceeding fifty barrels of flour
hold in stoiugu in imy public <n ptivatc warehouse or yaid,
5 cents; exceeding fitty batrels and not exceeding one hun-
dred bands, 10 cents ; exceeding one hundred bauds, tor
every additional one hundied barrels or fractional pait
thereof. 10 cents.
Warehouse icccipt for not exceeding fifty bushels of
gtain held in storage in any public or pnvatc waieliousc oi
yaid, 5 cents; exceeding lil'tj bushels and not exceeding
one bundled hur-licls, JO cents; exceeding one hundred
bushels, for every additional one hundred bushels or frac-
tional pait thereoi, 10 cent1*.
Warehou-c receipt lor not exceeding fifty barreh of
wliixky, or beef, poik, bacon, or oilier wilted, cured, dncd.
or pieM'rved meat*?, held in storage in any public ni pii-
vaie vviuchou'r.e ot yaid, H) cents; exceeding litiy barii'N
and not exceeding one hundied barter, 520 cents ; exceed-
ing one* hundied barrels!, for eveiy additional one hundred
bauds or fractional part thereof, 1U cents.
Wmehouisc receipt for not exceeding fifty tieicos of beef,
pork, bacon, or other salted, cured, dried, or preseivcd
meat-*, held in storage in any public or private warehouse
oi yaid, 50 ecnu; exceeding fifty tieices and not exceeding
one hundred tierces, $1; exceeding one hundred tjereee,
for every additional one hundied tierces or fiactional part
theieoi, 50 cents.
The words proposed to be inserted were also
read, as follows:
Warehouse receipt for pioperty, goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, not otherwise piovuled ior in airy public or pri-
vate warehouse, wlxen the propeity or good* so deported
oi stored shall not exceed m value §."j00, If) cents; ex-
ceeding m value $.">00, and not exceeding .^1,000,^0 cents ;
exceeding in value *$1,000, for every additional {jy-1,000, 10
cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Had not the Senatofbet-
ter move that in addition rather than to strike
out the clause ?
Mr. HENDERSON. If stricken out, it will
leave the whole subject open.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So, if he moves that in
addition, the whole subject will be open, because
that can be-amended in any way that may be
necessary.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator sees my
design. The next clause provides that a " ware-
house receipt for any goods, merchandise, or
property of any kind, not otherwise provided for,
held on storage,"&c., shall pay 25 ccnts. If it
happens to be pork, or wheat, or flour, a ware-
house receipt may cost §5 or $10, but if the arti-
cle happens to be cotton, or hemp, which is very
largely grown m my State, it will cost but 25
cents, though the man may have §50,000 worth
on deposit in warehouse. If it happens to be
sugar or wool or any article of that character, no
matter how much may be stored, the warehouse
reccipt is only 25 cents, because it is not other-
wise specially provided for. My objectisto pro-
vide that all property stored, no matter what may
be its character and quality, shall pay a duty in
proportion to its value. I am not particular
about it; I only want to open the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disposed to
make any objection to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator desires
that my amendment shall be in addition to the
clausu m the bill,and thinks that will accomplish
the object better, 1 will agree to it; but 1 think
flie way it stands now it will open the whole sub-
ject. If yon smke out the clause and insert what
'J have proposed, if the House of Representatives
insist on retaining it as it is, the conference com-
mittee can insert this as an addition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. AVILKINSON. The vote was taken on
concurring m the report of the Committee of the
Whole a few minutes ago while I was out. I
wish to object to theamendmentof the committee
on page 28 at the end of scction twenty-five, from
line sixteen after the word "collector" to line
nineteen, and if necessary I move to reconsider
the vote by which thatamendment was concurred
in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can have a separate vote on it by unanimous con-
sent without reconsideration. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will put the question on that
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert at
the end of section twenty-five:
Ami the salaty and coraini^Mon? of assessors and collect-
ors heretofore earned and accrued shnll ba adjusted, al-
lowed, and paid in conformity to the piovisionsot thwsec-
tion, and not otherwise.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know upon what
principle or idea the Committee on Finance re-
ported this amendment. It seems to me that it
clearly interferes with the amount of salary earned
and due to collectors and assessors befoie the
passage of this act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They get more under it,
do they not'
Mr. WILKINSON. No, thay get less, as 1
understand it. 1 may be mistaken in this. This
section relates to the auditing of the accounts of
the assessors and collectois, and provides how it
shall be done. There is an amendment in the
former pait of the section which says that here-
after in the adjustment of the accounts of assess-
ors and collectors of internal revenue " which
shall accrue after, the 30th of June, 1864," and
the Committee on Finance added, also, " for ser-
vices after that date, the fiscal year of the Treas-
ury shall be observed,"&c. Those amendments
of the committee are proper, because they refer
to the services after the passage of this act; but
then at the end of the section they add this, which
1 think entirely neutralizes theamendments which
they have inserted in the former part of the sec-
tion :
And the salary and coimnisMons of usse^sois and collect-
ors lieretoloio rained and acciiii'd shall be ndjliMed, al-
lowed, and paid in confmmityto the provision.-! of thus sec-
tion, and not otherwise.
I called the attention of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to this section to-day, and he
says that it will materially cut down the salaries
of collectors if this provision is adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that provision incon-
sistent with what is at the top of the page?
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 think it is.
Mr. DAVIS. It should be " hereafter" instead
of " heretofore."
Mr. SUMNER. I intended to call attention
to this. 1 am very glad the Senator has done it,
for 1 find I had made a memorandum oil the mar-
gin m regard to this matter. There is evidently
some inaccuracy soniewheie. I am notable pie-
•c.isely to explain it; whether the Senator from
Kentucky, by his suggestion that " heretofore"
should be "hereafter," is right, I do not know.
There is somrthmg wrong about the passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can explain it very
readily. We provided a maximum in the former
bill; we said that no collector should receive over
§10,000 a year in the whole. It has been found
that where a collector holds his office six months
in a large district, and he collects enough to give
him his £10,000, and he dies or resigns, and an-
othei one comes in, and in the remaining half year
he collects enough to give himself §10,000, they
both claim the maximum of $10,000. We have
established n rule here that where there is more
than one collectorin the same year they shall not
i both of them receive the salary for the year fixed
for the collector; and then we say that the salaries
of the last year shall be settled on the same prin-
ciple, winch is the correct principle. Like all
other office-holders, pretty much, not satisfied
with what the law allows them, they will get the
pay for a whole year's salary out of half a year'a
service if they can. The First Comptroller of the
Treasury, who is a very valuable officer, when he
came to settle their accounts refused to settle them
on any such principle. He said the "manifest
meaning of the law was that the $10,000 should be
paid for a year's service, and some accounts are
hung up there for that reason, and" we had the sug-
gestion of the First Comptroller when we adopted
this very amendment, providing that the same
principle should apply to the settlement of former
accounts, lfthey have any rights against the law
and against the intention of the law, let them en-
force them.
The Senator from Minnesota says, undoubtedly
very truly, that he called the attention of the Com 
missioner of Internal Revenue to it to-day. The
Commissioner has been malting a fttss about it
for a week. He came to me about a week ago,
very anxious about it for some reason or other,
and all the reason I could get out of him was that
he was afraid it would counteract some legal prin-
ciple or other, and he was a law-abiding man.
That was about the amount of it. He said the
greater number of them where this question had
arisen had settled upon the principle of this bill,
had recognized its justice and agreed to_ it, but
there were some few who hung out and said they
would not settle in that way, and we now just
authorize the Comptroller to settle their accounts
precisely on the principle on which they should
have been settled in the first place; and then if
they have any other lights let them enforce them.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not understand that
the controversy between the Comptroller and the
Commissioner is precisely as the honorable Sen-
ator has stated it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Comraissionerstated
it to me himself. I take it from his own mouth.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 do not know what the
Commissioner stated to the honorable Senator,
but I will state what 1 understand to be the con-
tioversy. The Comptroller assumes to adjust
these accounts on this principle,as I understand:
he is to adjust them quarterly, and if the collector
in the first three quarters of a year collects but
very little, he allows, according to his construc-
tion, for the amount collected during those three
quarters, and applies it upon the salary for three
quarters of the year; and if during the other
quarter he collects enough to bring his salary up
to the maximum, he only allows hiin at the rate
of one quaiter's salary. That is what I under-
stand to be the construction that the Comptroller
of the Treasury puts upon it, and I think, and
the Commissioner thinks, that it is an improper
construction of the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This section has nothing
to do with that. That is applicable to one man;
this is applicable to where there is more than one
collector during the year. It says that two or
three, or however many there shall be, shalluot
receive nioie than the maximum of the law.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 think 1 can show that
this section does have something to do with it.
This says that the fiscal year shall end on the
30th June of each year. Now, suppose that last
year a collector collected but very little during the
first three quartersof the year; he was appointed,
for instance, in August or September, and last
quarter he collected enough to bring his percent-
age up to the maximum limited by the former
act. lie has been in office nine months; he col-
lected say $300,000 in the first three months, and
in the next three months $400,000. By the con-
struction which the Comptroller places on the law
it reduces the actual amount which should be al-
lowed as the other officers of the Government con-
strue this law, and as 1 believe the Secretary of
the Treasury construes it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator is
mistaken about the construction that must have
been given to the law, for this is old legislation
in respect to the sales of public lands. There was
a maximum fixed for a register and receiver of
p-ublic lands. If they sold during the first quttr-
174
