2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
ter of a year so much land as that the percentage
amounted to the maximum, they got no salary
for the other three quarters, but if they sold not
half so much during the first halfof the year and
a greater quantity the latter half, they were paid
up. That has been the construction for a great
number of years. The Senator must be mistaken.
Mr. WILKINSON. I know that there was a
case in the Supreme Court in regard to the sala-
ries of receivers and registers of the Land Office,
and I know that the Supreme Court reversed the
action of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and said that the rules of the Department
could not govern and control the law in relation
to their salaries.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What case was that?
Does the Senator recollect?
Mr. WILKINSON. It was the case of the
United States i?s. Dixon, 15 Peters, 141. It is
quoted in a pamphlet that I have now before me
upon this very question, and that case is urged
as against the construction which the Comptioller
o£the Treasury places upon the original revenue
law. The court say in their decision:
" We do not perceive what connection the mode of keep-
ing the account* in the Treasury Department had with the
compensation allowed by Jaw to any public officer."
Mr. GR1MES. When was that decision made ?
Mr. WILKINSON. It is reported in 15 Pe-
ters.
Mr. GRIMES. Many years ago.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not see what ne-
cessity there is for this clause in this bill if it is
not to relate to hack salaries. ^
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is to relate to cases
where there were two or more officers in the same
year.
Mr. WILKINSON. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance stated that some of
the collectors and assessors had hud their accounts
suspended. I am informed that the Comptroller
has not passed one single case under the internal
revenue law, but has held every one of them back.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Every one where this
question hns presented itself.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand they are
not allowed at all, that he hus not passed a single
case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We cannot remedy that
in (iiis hill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am opposed to this re-
troactive legislation. I do not believe it is legal.
I do not sec any necessity for it. If the Comp-
troller is right he does not want any legislation
to aid him m his decision. If his decision is
wiong it is unjust to aid it by legislation.
The PREcil DENT pro tempore. The question
will be on concurring in Senate in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole to the
twenty-fifth section.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas ami nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS— Anthony, Brown,(Jarhle, Clark, CoMa-
rner, poohiili', IV^enden, FoMer, Guinea, ilatlan, Uarti^,
II <oii , I lendrtek*, Johnson, I><hik,io\, I'owell, Ram
wy, Ten iOyek, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wil-
son— J'}.
Vrf—Chaiidici, Davii, IIo watd, Suiniii'i, ami
Wilkinson—
AiSHHiVT—Huekalew, CnnnesN, rowan, Divon,
Foot, Hale, Hardin!?, Hick-, Howe, Lane ol Indiana, Lane
of Kansas .Mi'Dnu^all. Morgan, Morull, Ni'&mith, llicii-
ard>on, Kiddie, SatUslmiv, Slienuan, Chna-'ue, Wade, and
Wright—-22,
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. There are one or two
little amendments which I have overlooked, that
are necessary, in consequence of the changes in
the section relative to banks. In line thuty-three
of section one hundred and nine, page 102, I
move to change the penalty from $1,000 to $^00. ;
We have made the returns monthly instead ot i
half-yearly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi\ FESSENDEN. On page 1G4, line sev-
enty-five of Nfetion one hundred and nine, I
move to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
concurred in tin- amendment striking out " one"
and inserting " live-."
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
du not concur with the committee in that amend- '
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WILKINSON. On page 63, section fifty-
seven, line two, I move to strike out the words
"Secretary of the Treasury" and insert "col-
lector;" so as to read;
That there shall be appointed by the collector of every
collection district where the same may be necessary, one
or more inspectors or' spirits, &.c. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
agieed to. I do not see why the inspector should
be appointed bv the collector.
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. CHANDLER. He
knows more about it.
Mr. WILKINSON. Under the law as itstands
the collector selects the men to make the inspec-
tions of all spirits, oils, tobacco, <fcc.; and the
reason why I move this amendment is that the
collector, if he is a fit and proper man to hold the
office, knows better who to select in his district to
make these inspections than the Secretary of the
Treasury does who lives a thousand nulesaway.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of the
Treasury can learn and ought to learn in regard
to these things. If the collector has the appoint-
ment, it puts everything in the hands of the col-
lector, and there is no check on him. Itisneces-
sai y that some of these officers should be a chock
on others. I do not want the collector in any
district to have the appointment of all the inspect-
ors of coal oil, tobacco, and spirits, and every-
thing else.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask if this
amendment is not the same as the provision in the
law of 18G2.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This change was intended
to remedy the defects of that law in a great many
instances. This is one of them.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 prefer the old law most
decidedly.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
rend the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
oil the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS again addressed the Senate. [Iiis
remtuks will be published in the Appendix.]
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is an-
nounced I move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
is dividing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 ask unanimous consent
to interpose that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot do it with-
out a quorum.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wished to make the
motion before it was ascertained that we had no
quorum.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arrns he directed to request the attendance of ab-
sent members.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
is dividing, and it is not asceitaine I that there is
not a quoium.
The result was then announced—yeas 22, nays
3; ay follows:
YKAS—Me^r-; Anthonv, Biowri. Claik, OMlainor, Dno-
iittle, l-V.wndt'n, Fo-i<t, Gume-, ilatlnn, Hams, Ih nder-
m>ii, ilowatd, Howe, Johnson, Pome toy, I tamsev, Sumner,
Ten Hytk, Tiumlmll, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—
NAVS—Mes^i.s. Davi<, Ih-ndiicks, and Powell—3.
AlJSl'j.N'T—Me-M-<. lUtelvalow, Cathie, Chiindlei, Con-
nor, Cowan, lh\'« ii. Foot, Hale, Harding Ihck<, Lane of
Indiana, i jane of Kan^a^McDonijalI, Morgan, Morn 11, Nvs-
nuth, Richardson, Riddle, >Saul>l>iny, tiheunan, Spiague,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wnght—21.
So the bill was passed.
HOUSE HILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 49-4) to incica&e the duties on im-
ports, and fur other purposes—to the Committee
on Finance.
A bill (No. 511) to provide for the more speedy
punishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes
—to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
pi oceed to the consideration of House bill No. 51.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title of
the bill will be read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the bill being taken up if the Senator wants that
done, but I must move to-morrow to take up the
fortification bill. I do not suppose, however, it
will cause much debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senator.
Here is a bill which it is known to Senators about
me for four weeks I have been pressing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At this period of the ses-
sion we must pass the appropriation bills before
anything else.
Mr. SUMNER. I am with the Senator al-
ways on all those measures; but this is a bill for
the establishment of a Bureau of Freedmen's Af-
fairs. I gave way 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how long
that will take when it comes up.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it will take a
day. 1 hope the Senator will allow it to be taken
up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to take up the bill (I-I. R. No. 51) to estab-
lish a Bureau of Freedmen's Alfairs.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will not prevail. I made
an effort to get the ear of the Chair for the pur-
pose of moving to take up Senate bill No. 37, to
prevent military interference with elections. That
bill has been up and discussed four days, and I
think it could be completed in a few hours. Itis
one of the most important bills that have been be-
fore the Senate, in my judgment. I hope the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts may be
voted down, and the Senate may order this bill to
bo taken up and continue its consideration until
it is disposed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is yours an older bill?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; mine is the older
of the two. It has been debated for four days.
I have tried frequently to get it up without avail.
I hope the Senate may now take it up and finish it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Illinois to withdraw his motion for
a moment. I made a motion a few minutes ago
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot do that,be-
cause the yeas and nays will be called,and there
is not a quorum present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We can call the yeas and
nays on anything.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I am opposed to ad-
journing over, I insist on the motion to adjourn.
We shall accomplish nothing by sitting here to-
night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator himself
is opposed to adjourning over, I appeal to him.
It is his light, of course, to vote against it; but
is it his right, simply because lie is individually
opposed to it, to say that no other Senator shall
have the right to express his desire on the sub-
ject?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly not; but we are
having a struggle between three or four Senators
as to the order of business, and the Senator can-
not get the floor to make the motion except by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This whole
debate is out of order, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These gentlemen are in-
sisting on then- rights, and the Senator from Indi-
ana cannot make his motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Illinois withdraw his motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would require unani-
mous consent to interpose the motion to adjoinn
over, and the Senator cannot get it. I should
object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes R, noes 8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
quorum voting.
