171)4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. COX. 1 vn.ii explain that. The gentle-
man from New Yoik suggested an amendment to
include Lib State, i>nd tlio gentleman from New
Jersey another to include his State, and then I
submittal a general proposition to include ail of
the States which have ttoops in the field.
Now, si:, I piopoe.c to withdraw my amend-
ment, and bubet.Lutf for it the following diawn
by my colleague, [Air. Pendleton:]
That to defray ihe expenses m the raising, equipping,
transportation, and subsistence of minute men, militia awl
volunteers in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana,
ICeutucky, Missouri, Iowa, and Illinois, to icpel rebel
raids, the mm of $10,000,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropuated out « any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropi lated ; said expenses to be settled upon proper
vouchers to be filed and parsed upon by the proper ac-
counting otbceis of the Treasuiy : Provided s That m dc-
teimmm:* elahn^ to be allowed under this act, the same
pnneiplo, mles, and ugulations shall be observed b> the
accounting otftceis in auditing said expenses as have been
applied to the claims allowed to the tfute> under the act
appioved July 27, 1S61, entitled ''An act to indemnity the
Staler for expense* incuin-d by them in deterge of the
United States''
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
That the Quartermaster General be directed to settle and
adjust the drums of the city of JSaltimoie, for money ex-
pended urnlei die diiection of jUajoi Geneial Sehenek in
constructing foitifieat.ioiis around the city in the year 18G3,
and to pav the amount so aacei tamed out of any money in
the Tiea-.ury not otherwico appropuated.
Mr. COX. !f the State of Maryland were in-
cluded among thcother States would that not in-
clude the eity of Ralnmoie?
Mr. DAViS, of Maiyland, The money was
paid by ihe city of Baltimore, and not by the
Stat^of Maryland. Thewoiks were thrown up
in great haste, and hundreds and thousands of
men were impressed upon them. It is a just
claim.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. There is a bill be-
foie the Hou.se which would include the city of
Baltimore. The city of New York bus expended
$<5,000,000 for the outfit and equipment of troops,
and if Baltimore comes in heie, I Khali ask to in-
clude New York city.
Mr. COX. 1 accept tin-amendmentof thegen-
tleman from Maryland, and the ami ndment of
the gentleman from ^Ncw Yoik.
Mr. IjROWN, of West Vnginm. Was the
State of West Vngmia omitted by mistake?
Mi. COX. It was not left out intentionally,
although I do not ngard her as a Slate m full
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. Will you
include,that Siate in your amendment ?
Mr. COX. 1 will. My object is to insert a
provision for all these debts of a similar charac-
ter from Suites, cities, and towns.
Mr. EAItNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman to
inciude pay for the damages sustained in the city
of New Voi k and Coles county, Illinois, by the
coppei head i jots.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman lias investigated
the sub|ect at all, he must know the fact is notas
lie states it. In Illinois the trouble was on Ins
side; and '.hat side of the Iiouse is lesponsible
for the troubles in New Yoik city by passing the
conset iptmn act.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask the gen-
tleman U> include Michigan.
The amendment was h ported as modified.
^Mr. WILDER. I ask tin'gentleman to include
Kansas,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Willthegon-
tleman Irom Ohio give way u moment?
Mr. COX.. I yield the door.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michig nn. I move to in-
sert Miolnir.ui in the list of Status.
Mr COX. 1 accept that.
Mr, CAjNSON obtained the floor.
Air. UOLaIAN. 1 rn-e to a point of order.
It is that tilt: gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] is
entnhd to theflooi for an hour,and thatthss sub-
ject cannot be seporud to the House until all the
amendments gentlemen desire to offer have been
olF  red and considered.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
has yieldid the floor, and the gentleman fiom
jNVvv Ymk is now upon the floor.
Mr. CAN SON. I move the following proviso
as an ainendnn nf:
Proiuh.K Thai tin- < ^pen.-es of none of the militia of any
State >nali he pan! Utah i tln^ act who reliwd te be mu->-
jeird iiif) tin* «r,> <>{ jL<* Hinted Sfitvs.
Mr. STEVENS ubtnmed the floor.
Mr. COX. if the gentleman will permit me,
I desire to modify my amendment by inserting
the State of Kansas.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. Kansas having been in-
serted, 1 ask leave of the House to have " Brook-
lyn" inserted.
The CH A iRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the floor, and such a motion would
not be in order now.
Mr. COX. I agree to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from :
Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I had hoped that by this
time the claim which is now presented to the
House would have received a fair, honest, and
candid consideration. When the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] offered bis amendment I thought
I it was m good faith for the purpose of including
cases of the same kind. Before he got through
I was satisfied it was done to destroy the bill; and
the friends of the bill must therefore vote against
the amendment as it is now modified. Some of
the most absurd propositions are contained in that
amendment, not the least of which comes from a
quarter I did notexpect—from the State of Mary-
land, to pay for the fortifications there—a matter
wholly distinct from the bill. Another comcs
from a quarter which, perhaps, 1 had a right to
expect it would come from—from New York—
and it includes that which was expended for local
bounties and local operations, which 1 under-
stood the gentleman to say the other day was
about five million doliuis.
Sir, Pennsylvania has expended her millions
m that same way; but she does notcome here to
ask it to be paid. She comes here only to ask
that which has been granted to every other State
of this Onion, and which, if refused, will be re-
fused for the first time, to pay soldiers called
out in defense of the Union. At the time of the
invasion of Pennsylvania and Maryland, the
President called for some sixty thousand*militia.
The State of New Yoik, through her Governor,
the State of New Jersey, through her Governor,
and the State of Pennsylvania, through her Gov-
ernor, called for troops to make up that icquisi-
tion. Thei.e were some ihu ty or foity thousand
fiom Pennsylvania who answered. A consid-
erable number fiom New Yoik answered, and
some eame pioinptly Irom New Jersey.
Wben ibis bill was first before the House, upon
the i ecominendution of the Administration, it was
objected by the gentleman fiom New York, that
it was premature, that it was trying to get ahead
of other States, and that it ought not to be con-
sidered until New York and New Jersey settled
their accounts. *
The bill was postponed in defeience to that
opinion. A letter was immediately written by a
gentleman from New York to the Governor of
that Stale to send on the account. In reply he
received a letter, which 1 suppose ins colleague
has seen, stating that their troops hud all been
paid, it was also ascertained that the troops of
New Jeisey bad been paid. In other words, be-
fore they were musteted out, the Department here
ha\ ing at its command a certain amount of funds,
went on and paid the New Yoi k miluia to the last
dollar, and paid the New Jersey militia within per-
haps a few bundled dollais; but us the Treasury
had not funds enough to pay all the States en-
gaged m that operation, they asked the Governor of
Pennsylvania to negotiate a loan to pay them, and
that the President and Secretary of War would
at the fhst opportunity after the meeting of Con-
giess communicate to this Iiouse a message ask-
ing them to make an appropi iation to pay m like
manner the Pennsylvania militia. The Governor
and his agent went to Philadelphia, and there
negotiated with the moneyed institutions of that
city and with one or two in the country, and
raised between six and seven hundred thousand
dollars, payable as soon as it could be raised in
this way. Those institutions advanced the money,
and the troops of Pennsylvania were paid by it
and mustered out of the seivice.
Mr. GANSON. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania wiiy the troops of
Pennsylvania were not paid at the same time tire
troops of New York and New Jeisey were paid?
Air. S I'EVENS. lJecau->e the fund was not m
the Troasuty, as the Secretary of War d< elarod.
Mr. GAiVSON. I have understood that the
reason was that they were not mustered into the
service of the United States, and that they lefused
to be mustered into the service of the UnUid
States.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no word of truth
in that.
Mr. GANSON. The Second Auditor of the
Treasury so reported in answer to a resolution
that 1 introduced into the House.
- Mr. STEVENS. That they refused to be mus-
tered in? •
Mr. GANSON. That they were not mustered
in.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know what the pre-
cise forms are in such eases. I know that they
were all under the command of officers of the
Army of the United States; that they were at
Hagerstown under the command of a general of
the United States, and some of them were in act-
ive service. My gallant colleague from Phila-
delphia [Mr. Randall] was there. 1 saw him
there myself just before the engagement. Thme
was a horse troop there from Philadelphia who
were engaged in that very engagement whether
they were formally mustered into the seivicc or
not.
Mr. GANSON. I am prepared to say they
were not.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that that
makes any difference if they came out in answer
to the call of the President and were under the
command of the President's officers. It is not
true, as some gentlemen have said here, that they
refused to act. But whether they were officially
mustered into the service or not, why is it that
they are not to be paid jis well as other troops?
The troops from New York were paid. The
troops from New Jersey were paid. I ask to
have read the papfer which I send to the Clerk's
desk. ^
The Clerk read, as follows:
W KR Dn? ^F.TMrNT,
Washington City, January 4, 1^64.
Pir* The Department lias this day leceivcd jeimus of
the amount,'' icquired for the payment of the nnhtiaeailed
outtoi the defense of the ^tate ol Penn^yhania on ihe-JGlh
of June, 1863, against the invasion by the rebel fuiees
under command of Geneial Lee. Tiieie beinsr no appio-
puatioti out ol winch these payments; could be imde at
the time they were icquued, p.itiiotic citizens of I'hiJ.i
delplua advanced the money, and it is propyl thatthe>
should be reimbui?ed without' delay . 1 would i e^pi'otfully
leconmiend, therefore, that an immediate appropriation
tor that purpoj-e be made. A copy of a letter of the Se< -
ond Auditoi ot the Tica-my i- heiew ith eonununierunt,
showing the amount of claims audited b} htm to in*
§07l.4?tj 43 up to date. It h supposed that .^/OO.OOO will
eovei the whole amount of the^e chums.
I have lite lionui to be, vety te^pectluily, youis,
EDWIN M STANTON,
Sccrehn y of J Par.
Hon. Thaddeus Stevens, Chairman Committee Ways an,}
Mt'ans.
Mr. STILES. I suggest to my colleague that
he have the letter of the Second Auditor lead at
the same time.
Mr. STEVENS. It was read when this bill
was last before the House, and is now on file.
Mr. STILES. I propose to have it read now
for the information of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
TlUi \SURY Dr.PAltTMENT,
Second Auditor's Office, JanucayA. 18f)4.
Sir- liespcctingthe claim of the ^tate of Pennsylvania,
amounting to $G71,4*/6 4J, for payments made to the nnliti.i
called<mt under the pioelamatton of the Gowruot of that
Stale, dated June 523, l£f>3, 1 have the houoi to state that
the lolls and vouchers for said payments have bc -n ad-
mmif-trativcly examined in this office and tour.d in the
main correct. ErrOis and di-ci"paneie* amounting to say
$9,900 have been discovered, consisting ptinc:pall> of eases
where the interna! levenue tax i> not deducted, oi when
deducted not accounted for
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
E. B. l'RCNCH,
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Second Auditor.
Sen ctary of JVar.
Mr. STEVENS. There was some difficulty
in Philadelphiam raising the money, lust it should
not have been properly indorsed by the Depart-
ment. Mr. Fry, who at that time was acting aa
chairman of the Union League, wrote on to know*
whether if this money was raised it would be ic-
funded. I ask to have the answer of the Secre-
tary of War read.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Washington, July'11, 1£C3.
J. 11. FRY, Chahman Union Lcuzti>, F/uhtJch>,'ua :
All that is* necessary if that the Governor ot Pennsylva-
nia should see that the compairp pay-iolls aie piopeily
