1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made out and certified. This beinc done, the amountduc
is }_2<vdiiy ascei tamed, and can be paid; and Hie pay-rolls
will furnish the proper official vonchei of thf* payment.
ThisDcpaument wiii la\ befote Con"!*'-*-? atthe commence-
ment of tlx* se^iori an estimate to cover the amount, and
icquubt the appropm'tion. The matter ha-* he en iinanired
in tins way ui othei Stafi-. and ha*. brvn piodiu'tivc ol no
delay or complaint when the Governor liavo given their
attention to n, and seen that tiie mu.-ter-rolU are piopeily
made out.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Mr. STEVENS. The House now understands
this question, and I trust they are prepared to do
justice to those who have advanced money to pay
" the troops who went forth at that time at the cal!
of the Government. As I said before, a!! the
other States in similar circumstances have been
paid. Theie is a species of claims not embraced
in this bill which all the States have. For in-
stance, minute men were called out; they were
called out in Pennsylvania for three months at
tiie outset, and they have never been paid a dol-
lar. Their claims have never been presented, but
have been left for some other future adjustment.
But money which was raised and paid upon the
faith of the Government, upon the solemn pledges
of the Administration, ought surely not to be re-
pudiated now by this House, when we are here
trying to do justice and sustain those who sus-
tained the war. As 1 said before, the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] when it
was first offered, seemed to have sumo equity in it.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
will allow me a moment. The gentleman has
now repeated this statement for the second time,
and I wish to tell him that I offered this amend-
ment in good faith when his bill was before the
House before. I did it for the pui pose of includ-
ing all the States, believing (ha{, the same punci-
ple should run thiough all these claims; that
Pennsylvania, because she was most vigilant m
getting her accounts properly audited, ought not
to be the first to get an appropriation, but that
other States having similar claims ought to have
the same chance. When I came here this even-
ing I found my amendment appended, not in as
good a shape as an amendment drawn by my col-
league, [Air. Pendleton.] He adopted the sys-
tem of naming the States in his amendment, which
was unlike mine in that respect. Of course each
member interested took the same interest in his
own locality as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] has shown. IIow could 1 refuse
to accept their amendments? I have always
shown proper courtesy on this floor—agood deal
more than I have had shown to me—and I ac-
cepted these amendments believing they would
not prejudice the bill but would really facilitate
its passage. I want to see these men in Ohio
paid if there is anything due to them. If the
gentleman will ob*..*rv<i, the amendment he will
see that the accounts have to be audited under
the acts, just as Pennsylvania has had her ac-
counts audited. I could have meant nothing
prejudicial to the gentleman's bill; and I beg hnu
to do me justice and vote for the amendment, as
the surest way to have his bill passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I certainly supposed, Mr.
Chairman, that ihc amendment was a fair one
at fast, but 1 undeistood the gentleman to have
incoiporatud into it, at the suggestion ofthegen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] a prop-
osition to pay for the building of forts, and the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York to
pay what that city has expended in the way I
have mentioned. If I have misunderstood it,
then I have misunderstood the amendment also.
If the amendment had stood as it was originally
olfeiud by the gentleman, or as it was amended
by his colleague, i should not have objected to it,
believing it fair. But I must say that 1 do not
believe that any States are unpaid that stand in
the same position as4 the State of Pennsylvania.
We have already paid $800,000 to Missouri this
year for her invasions. That was not any more
just, certainly, than the proposition I have of-
fered. i should be very willing to put them all
in (he same condition. But to agglomerate into
this amendment things that are inconsistent with
it, looked, I thought, as if the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] way aiding others to bieakdown
the bill. I am happy to say, however, that the
gentleman has propeily explained it, and I with-
diaw all that I said in regard to it.
Mr. COX. I understand there is a misap-
prehension on the part of some members that I
accepted the proposition of the gentleman from
Maryland, which would be different in substance
from the amendment. I beg the gentleman from
Maryland, therefore, to offer his amendment as ;i
separate proposition.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I understand that
it is before the committee as an amendment, and
of course it is impossible for me to withdraw or
modify it.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. WILSON, jl would like to have read the
letter fiom the Second Auditor in reference to this
claim.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Tkj!,asuiiy Department,
Second Auditor's Office, January 15, 1864.
Sir: In compliance with tiie resolution of the House of
Kcpiesentatives. ot the 13th of January, I respecthilly state
thai the vouchd.. foi expenses in calling out the jnilitiaof
Pennsylvania dming the lecent invasion consist of muster
and pay mil-, enihiacmg payments to the troops so called
out tor a penod ot ninety days; that it appears ftom the
abftiaet tu comp.inyingf-md lolls that iho mtlitm refened to
weie called out by pioclaination of tin: Governor of JVnn -
sjivama nndei date of June 26. thatthe mustoi-iolls
show that ihe noop*. weie called nuft the service of the?
Plate ot i'ennovJvania and dischai^ed therclrom without
appeal ing evei to have been mulcted into the service of
the United tflatey ; and that tiie examination of tiie haul
voucheis was ni.idc in this office ut the tetjuest of the ad-
jutant genesal of tne State of Pennsylvania, tuid a pielini-
lnary repoit ot said examination made to the ticcretaiy of
War, a eopv ot which is heiewith inclosed.
Kes-pectlully, your obedient seivant,
E. U. FRENCH, Second •Auditor.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Spcakei of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether there were not two
classes of men called out on that occasion; the
militia that nmaincd m the service of the State,
and the volunteers that were mustered into the
service of the United States fen* a short period of
time; and whether those who were mustered into
the United States service have not been paid, and
whether this claim does not rest solely on the claim
for pay of mihtia-men who were not mustered into
the service of the United States, and who remained
entirely in the service of the State?
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I have no
knowledge of any such fact as the gentleman
states. 1 know that under General Smith when
lie marched down the valley were the whole of
the troops of Pennsylvania. Whether they were
technically mustered into the seivice of the United
States I do not know. I do know, however, that
they wereall commanded by ofiicersof the United
.States, that they weio all taken into Maryland
under the command of officers of the United States,
and that General Simih and General Couch, both
under the authority of the Government, took
cluugo of those troops and marched them thoie.
That fact I know, and I think my friend [Mr.
Randall,] knows it too.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league is entirely correct. They were mustered
into the set vice by United States mustering oifi-
ceis, and were discharged from the service by
General Couch.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask another ques-
tion, whether the State of Pennsylvania has paid
the claims of the paities fiong whom this money
was borrowed?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; the very commu-
nication shows that ir is due to individuals in
Philadelphia; but as the Governor was the agent
to borrow it, I thought it proper he should be the .
agent to iefum! it.
Mr. WILSON. Then the debt is due to cer-
tain private parties in Philadelphia, whereas the
claim is to be paid to tiie State of Pennsylvania.
Now 1 suggest that if the claim belongs to pri-
vate parties in the State of Pennsylvania, that
State ought to show vouchers that she has paid
the claims before she is entitled to reimburse-
ment. i
Mr. STEVENS. A mere quibble. _ |
Mr. WILSON. Jt is not a meie quibble. j
Mr. STEVENS. At the request of the Gov- :
errn.r of Pennsylvania 'ins money was advanced ■[
by moneyed institutions in Ph.lautlphi.i. The
State became lesponsioie lot n; u was done at the ■
request of the Depai tincnt heie in order to allow
soldiers furnished by or her Stales at the same ;i
time to be paid by the Government. The soldiers ij
of these other States were paid, and I deny that !!
there isa'ny other State irr the Union that has been
treated as it is now proposed to treat the State of
Pennsylvania. It is not enough that she lias los>t
her millionsby this invasion; it is not enough that
her citizens in three or four counties have been
robbed, their property destroyed, and they ren-
dered bankrupt by this invasion. Her people
advanced their money to pay these soldiers,
thereby allowing the troops of New York and
New Jersey to be paid in ad vance by tire Govern-
ment, and now she is to be defrauded out of this
money by the quirks and quibbles of gentlemen
upon tins floor.
Mr. WILSON. I. recognize the fact that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is one of the oldest
members of this House 
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry for it.
Mr. WILSON. And that the gentleman is
chairman ofthe Committee ofWaysand Means of
this House, hut I do not recognize his right to use,
language of that kind toward any other member.
Mr. STEVENS. I was using the language
impersonally in respect to the opposition that is '
made to the payment of this debt:
Mr. WILSON. So much the worse, then, for
the gentleman applies the language to every man
here who is opposed to this claim.
Mr. STEVENS. I do say that the refusal to
pay a claim of this kind is, in my judgment, not
honest. I say that.
Mr. KALBPLEiSCH. I do not moan to say
that the gentleman's judgment is not honest, but
he slanders most mightily. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. There is another fact to which
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman, and
it is this: the gentleman has called one of his
colleagues [Mr. Randall] to the witness-stand
to prove that these men were mustered into the
scrvicc of the United States. If that be true, I
would like to know why they have not been paid
the same as other troops mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States?
Mr. STEVENS. May I say to the gentleman
that the very paper that has been read from the
Secretary of War states that it has not been done
because there were no funds at his disposal out
of which they could be paid.
Mr. WILSON. Why, sir, we have been
making*appropriations during this very session
of Congress for the payment of all the troops
mustered into the service of the United States.
If these were troops of the United States who
had regularly been mustered into the service, the
appropriation bill we have already passed has
furnished funds out of which they might have
been paid.
Now, then, if that be not the case, and if they
cannot be so paid, because they were not mus-
tered into the service of the United States, why
pass this exceptional bill? Why are we callcd to
make this special appropriation for the payment
of men who were not mustered into the service
of the United States in one State, while we make
no provision for those in similar circumstances in
other States?
Mr. STEVENS. Why, sir, have we not been
called upon to pay $800,000 for the militia of Mis-
souri, which could not be paid out of our regular
appropriations, becausc it was a past transaction?
The gentleman knows that the appropi iution bills
we are now passing are not for this year, but for'
the year ending June 30, 18G5.
Mr. WILSON. We have passed deficiency
bills, have we not?
'Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to ask the question
whether the act of 27th July, 1861, does not make
a general appropriation for the payment of all ex-
penses of this character, and whether any special
appropi lation fs necessary?
Mi. STEVENS. All that appropriation has
been paid out long ago.
Mr. HOLM AN. If the gentleman will allow
the law to be read he will see that the appropria-
tion is general in its character.
Mr. STEVENS. V* ry well, let the law be
read; but I know the Department has decided
that these claims cannot be paid under that law.
Mr. HOLM AN. This act contains on appro-
pikition without any limitation,authorizing the
accounting officer of the Tieasury to pay all ex-
penses.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the section be read.
The Clerk read the law, as follows:
"That the floeictaryof thu Treasury he and lie is hereby
