7m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
to invade the households of peaceable, quiet citi-
zens, and seduce from their employ their domestic
servants.
Surely, sir, with the efforts this Administration
is now making in the border slavcholding States,
sending there negro soldiers with their white offi-
cers,going to men's houses, seducing their slaves
from them in their own presence, it can getenough
of this class of soldiers without forcing the faith-
ful negro slave into the ranks against his will.
The little experience that we have had in the lower
county of the State of Delaware whore the few
slaves we have are, and on the Eastern Shore of
Maryland with which I am somewhat familiar,
satisfies me that it is not worth while to incorpo-
rate in your bill any provision for the compulsory
service of this class of beings. You have depicted
to them a beautiful political Eden, in which they
are to live and enjoy all the blessings of freedom.
You have thrown open to them the galleries of
this Senate, and to-day they sit among the white
gentlemen who here congregate, and almost every
day recently we have seen them in the gallery set
apart by the Senate for ladies. Do you suppose
that they are so blind, so insensible to all the ad-
vantages which your wise legislation proposes in
their behalf, that they will not appreciate these
high favors ? When you say that all men and all
women are equal before the law, and not only
equal before the law but equal socially by throw-
ing open the galleries of the Senate of the United
States for their admission, do you suppose that
they are so obtuse that they will not join in your
cry for universal freedom and universal equality
bejbre the law*
Sir, the Eastern Shore of Maryland has become
almost depopulated of this class of people on ac-
count of the golden visions which you have painted
to' their eyes, and the hopes which you have ex-
cited in their breasts, hopes never to be realized,
but still hopes which they fondly believe will be
realized.
Sir, I propose not to give counsel to any one,
but if I were to give any counsel in favor of the
incorporation of this class of human beings into
the military organizations of the country, 1 would
not for one moment propose any compulsory mode
of uervice upon their part. 1 would only take up
the beautiful and eloquent diatribes upon the sub-
ject of human freedom and human liberty and the
equality of all men before the law; and if i was
heart and soul in favor of this means of replenish-
ing yourarmies, 1 would consent to employ white
officers to march slave soldiers through a State,
ny, and let those white officers read to them these
golden visionsofthe future which you have painted
to their imaginations, and rest assured you would
find no occasion for compelling the services ofany
negro except those who from choice prefer to re-
mam around the original hearthstone near which
they were horn.
Mr. 1IOWE. Allow me to say one word to
the Senator from Delaware now upon this " golden
vision." It has not any particular reference to
the pending question, I admit, but I want to say
one woid because it will explain a lecent vote
that I gave here in the Senate, and 1 took no pains
to explain it then.
1 am a stickler for the right of the States to
select their own representatives here. It is a
fundamental doctrine with me; and therefore
when a resolution was pending before the Senate
a short time since, requiring tile members of this
body before they should take a seat here to sub-
scibe an oath different from and in addition to the
oath prescribed by the Constitution, I felt com-
pelled to vote against that lesolution, because I
thought it imposed a new icstiiction upon the
right of the States to select their own represent-
atives. I voted against that resolution although
I knew that my vote might have a tendency to
preserve in his seat the late colleague of the Ser^
ator from Delaware; and now can that Senator
or any one suppose that when I stood up here and
by my vote defended the right of the State of Del-
aware to send here such a representative as his
late colleague was, can it be supposed by any one
that I would object to the right of Delaware, if
she saw fit, to send here for a representative a
man a little darker than his late colleague, but a
good deal more loyal? Certainly not. No one
could suppose me guilty of such an inconsistency
as that. It is because I insist on the right of Del-
aware to send here a colored citizen if she prefers
it, Were I myself a citizen of Delaware, I should
not vote for a black man if I could find a white
man who was better; but I should vote for ablack
loyal man rather than a white disloyal man, a
great many times; so that whenever the people
of Delaware or Wisconsin find that their best rep-
resentative is blacker than myselfor blacker than
the Senator from Delaware, I shall insist upon
their constitutional right to send him here to rep-
resent them, and I hope never to find a Senator
here who will gainsay or deny that right.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I do not
understand the remarks of the Senator from Wis-
consin to have any application to me; but to in-
dulge his wit perhaps, (for I do not think it can be
charged to a desire to indulge the malevolence of
his heart, because from my association with him
I cannot think he possesses that characteristic,)
he has made a remark here in reference to my late
colleague which I think upon reflection he will
sec is not only unjust in itself but improper to be
made. He referred to the fact that he had no ob-
jection to the State of Delaware sending a repre-
sentative here of a little daiker complexion but
moic loyal than my late colleague.
Now, sir, I shall enter into no defense of that
colleague. He was a member of the Senate of
the United States for thirteen years, personally
known to every member of this.body. When
the test oath to which thoSenatoralludes was pro-
posed to be administered to Senators, he deemed
that that oath was unconstitutional and asked a
judicial determination of the Senate whether he
and other Senators should take it. That decision
was made, against an unanswerable argument, in
my judgment, made by my former colleague, and
he came forward and took that oath, having pre-
viously told you that there was nothingin it that
he could not conscientiously take, and then he re-
tired from this body, surrendei ing his trust to his
State. When he was in his seat, I do not recol-
lect that the Senator from Wisconsin orany other
Senator upon this floor charged him here in his
presence with disloyalty.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will do me the jus-
tice to recollect that 1 have not charged his late
colleague with disloyalty to-day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. lask the Senator whether
he did notsay that he had no objection to the State
of Delaware sending a representative here a little
darker but more loyal than my late colleague.
Mr. HOWE. Substantially.
Mr. SAULS BURY. Then, sir, what is the im-
plication ? That my late colleague was not a loyal
man. Well, sir, if the term " loyalty" is to be
used in the sense wlueh I saw it was before a
committee of investigation, the Committee on the
Judiciary, as reported in the pnpei.s, "loyalty to
the negro"—if that be a test of loyalty, real loy-
alty to the Government and the Constitution of
this country, I have no doubt that my late col-
league would rejoice m the appellation of being
a disloyal man; and who would not? I would.
But if loyalty means fidelity to the constitutional
Government established by our fatheis, to the
Constitution of this coimliy as adopted by men
tn whose presence—1 say it without eithei mean-
ing or designing personal offense to anybody—
the statesmen of the present day are pigmies in
the presence of giants; if loyalty means devotion
to that Constitution and that constitutional form
of government, then when my colleague was here
the Senator from Wisconsin and no other Senator
charged him with disloyalty in that sense of the
term.
Sir, I do not intend to extend these lemarks.
I have only made them hucb as I have because
my former colleague is not here to defend him-
self; but 1 doubt not that on ail occasions when
he shall be present many body and ho is charged
diieetly or by implication with a want of fidelity
as a citizen to the Constitution and Government
of his country, he will give such an answer as
becomes a gentleman, and such an answer as a
brave man knows how to make.
Mr. HOWARD. I find, sir, some difficulty
in voting foi this amendment suggested by the
committee of conference, and in order to show
what the bill will be if it shall be enactcd in the
language of the report of that committee I will
read the twenty-sixth section, so that we may
know exactly what we are voting for or against.
I have taken some little pains to alter the text of
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives so as to make it correspond with the report
of the committee, and if L am correct in these al-
terations the twenty-sixth section, which is the
one now under consideration, will read as follows:
"Sec.26. Jlndbeit further cnctctcd, Thatail able-bodied
male colored persons, between the ages of twenty and
forty-five years, resident in the United State*, shall be en-
rolled according to the provision of this act, and of the a ct
to which this is an amendment, and torm pan of the na-
tional forces; and When a slave of a loyal master shall be
drafted and mustered into the service of the United States,
his master shall have a certificate thereof, and thereupon
such slave shall be free; and the bounty of $100,now pay-
able by law for each drafted man, shall be paid to the per-
son to whom such drafted person was owing service or
labor at the time of his muster into the service of the Uni-
ted States."
So far for the drafted; now as to the colored vol-
unteer:
" The Secretary of War shall appoint a commission in
each of the slave States represented in Congress, chaiged to
awaultoeach loyal peison to whom a colored volunteer may
owe service a jn^t compensation not exceed ing,$300 for each
such colored volunteer, payable out of the commutation
money, and any such coloiod volunteer on being mustered
into the service shall be free. And in all cases whole men
of color have been heretofore enlisted or have volunteered
in the military service of the United States all the provis-
ion* of this act, so f.ir as the payment of bounty and coin
pension are provided, shall be equally applicable as to
those who may be heieafter reciuited."
To which section, as thus read, the committee
of conference proposes to add the following, di-
rectly after the last passage 1 have read:
" But the men of color, drafted or enlisted, or who may
volunteer into the military bervice, while they shall be cred-
ited on the quotas of the seveial States or subdivisions of
States wheiein they are respectively drafted, enlisted, or
shall volunteer, shall not be assigned as State troops, but
shall be mustered into regiments or companies as United
States colored troops."
Such will be the entire section tw<*ity-six if it
shall be enacted according to the recommendation
of the committee of conference.
My first difficulty is in paying the master of a
slave who has been drafted into the service of the
United States the bounty of $100. What will be
the effect? The slave is taken from his master by
the draft and coerced into the service of tiie Uni-
ted States, forwhich he is to receive his pay and
clothing and freedom. He is to receive no bounty;
nothing but his pay and clothing. Being a slave
when he was enrolled and drafted, he was pos-
sessed of no property on the face of the earth; he
was totally destitute of property of any kind,
whether lands or goods. On being discharged
from the service at the end of his term, he goes
out upon the world with nothing whatever m his
pocket except the remainder of the pay which he
may have received. It is true he is a freeman,
but he has no money; he is turned out totally
helpless upon the world to shift for himself, with-
out any aid whatever fiom the Government in the
shape of bounty or further compensation. We
have heard a great deal said about treating the
white and colored troops in the same manner, and
placing them upon the same footing as to com-
pensation. This makes a distinction greatly to the
prejudice of the colored soldier.
But, sir, the section goes on and declares that
where colored soldiers have volunteered into the
scivice of the United States, the master, if the
negro soldier was a slave,shall receive a sum, to
be awarded by a commission to be appointed by
the Secretary of War, not to exceed $300; and
the fund from which this payment is to be made
is made up of the commutation money which is
paid by persons who contribute their money in-
stead of their services. This clause is equally
objectionable upon the ground of injustice with
the former one; because, instead of giving any-
thing to the colored soldier, it gives everything to
his master. The colored soldier, therefore, under
this clause is by no means on an equal footing
with the white soldier.
Then again as it strikes me—I speak with great
respect and great deference to the committee who
have reported this amendment—it is doing great
injustice to the loyal States whose people make
up this commutation fund. What will be the ef-
fect? A very large fund, amounting to millions
upon millions of dollars, will undoubtedly beac-
cuinulated in the form of commutation money,
and the effect will be to allow the Secretaiy of
War to lay his hand upon this fund and pay it
out in order to procure colored volunteers in the
slaveholdingjoyal States withoutgivingany credit
whatever for it to the States whose people con-
tribute the money. Take my own State, for in-
