1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLfiBE.
April 21,
dinvM.ed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
Hppiopriated, to pay the Governor of any State, or to hi*
duly authorized aueut*, il,<? costs, charges, and expenses,
propetly ineuned by such State, {'or enrolll..g, *ub.i-ung<
clothing, -upplwmj, armm'/. equipping, paying, ami trait;,-
polling ir-- noop^ employed m aiding to -uppiess Hie pres-
ent 'ii-nrreetion cigam/t the United diatom, to be settled
upon proper voucher.-* to be filed am! parsed upon by the
proper accounting officers of the Trean-uiy."
Mr. STEVENS. That is an entirely different
thing.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman
whether it is not true that, under the law-just
read, the Scctetaiy of the Treasury holds that
he ffas no authority to pay out money unless ex-
pressly appropriated?
Mr. STEVENS. He has so held.
Mr. PENDLETON. Would not this Penn-
sylvania claim have been paid except for that
ruling of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. STEVENS. That is a fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. He has decided differently
in other cases.
Mr. COX. I propose to withdraw my amend-
ment, and to lenew it without the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryl&nd. Has the gentle-
man any right to ti/ithdraw his amendment?
The CH A1 RAJ A N. He has, no vole having
been taken. Ths ge.vtleman from Pennsylvania
has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia has no right to yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Oil 10 to withdraw h is amend men t, unless
he dues fo abso1 utuly. I therefore claim to be
ree .^n'z.-d,
Iho CBAiRAlAN. No objection was made
at the
AL-. LAVfS, of Maryland. I claim the floor,
and ! renew as an amendment to the amendment
the proposition submitted by me some time ago.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GANSON. When this bill was first intro-
duced in the House eat ly iri the session 
Mr. SllLES. Is the amendment ofieivd by
the gentleman from Maryland germane to the
ouginal proposition ?
The CH A i R.MAN. Does the gr-ntleman malce
the point of order?
Mr STILES. I dn.
J he CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I take an appeal
from the d'TiMon of the Chair.
Mi. \V ASIIBUK \ E, ofllimois. I move that
?lV connnniee t ise.
Air UANSOiN". 1 have the floor.
Mr.['EVENS. I move to amend the gentle-
man'-s motion by adding, "and ivpmt the le||."
i lie i,'[iAiR\IAN. The gentlemon fi oni N( w
Ymj k iii>s tlie floor, end tho motion to use cannot
he enieiiamed.
■The decision of ihe Chair was sustained.
Mr. (JANsON. Mi . Chairman, when this hill
was inuoduced eai ly in fin- s< ssion it v. as staged
by tlie gentleman bom Pennsylvan'n [Air. Stl-
Vi-Vs] limt tfe'se troops had been musicied into
the ^eiviceot tlie United States, and wcio mus-
tered out and were notpatd. The gen;h man l'mm
PetiiiHylvamu making that statenn nt wn.sundera
mteieppivlii'iision of tlm facts. j intiodneed a res-
old Liu n that i he Second A ndi tor state lo the; I lou.-"1
whether lhe.se troops had been mu.strred into tin-
aerviee of the United States; whether the vouchVis
had h.-cu presented to him,and on what anthoniy
lie audit, d the accounts, In ivspoinc, anion"
other things, he stated thatthes-e troops had never
bee il ma'-ti red into the Service of the U n I ted S sales;
that tin y eame out utuier tin- call of the Gownmi !
and had b-ui in the State setvice, but hud never
bt < n in Lie United States service.
.Mr. TflA^ ER. 1 deMiu to call the gentle-
man's •u'.-niiun to t lie phraseology of the Seo""id
Auditor. He does not declare that these hoops
weie not musteied into the service of the United
S'afes, but flhit it does not appear by the rolls
pu>>'j,itfd to iorn that :ney wue so must 't^d m.
Mr. G.iiNSON. i'lst: up<uf states thai it ap-
Pfojs «>y {-n .'il'srruct of the rods that the mihna
ei ended out by pi o<. iainauon of i he Governor, *
and mat mey wee; mustti< d into the State ser-
vice, il without appearing evei to have been mus-
tered into the service of the United States." I
state the fact in addition to that, that most of them
were not only not mustered into the service of the
United States, but refused to be so mustered in.
A portion were mustered into tlie service of the
United States under this call, and they were paid
when thiy weto mustered out. They were paid
because they were mustered into the service of
the United States.
Now it presents the simple question whether
the State of Pennsylvania shall be paid for tlie
services of troops which were never in the service
of the United States in preference to the troops of
any other State, or whetherjhey shall be put on
a par with ihe troops of other States. If we go
for paying Pennsvh ania for expenses incurred in
this matter, I go also for paying the expenses in-
curred by any other State for anything which has
been done tending to suppress this rebellion; and
unless this House is willing to go to that extent
I go against paying Pennsylvania, because the ex-
penses are of the same character as other ex-
penses, and differing in no respect.
Air. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a re-
mark or two.
Air. GANSON. In one moment. Now, sir,
in view of the fticts which have been communi-
cated to me I moved an amendment, and which I
renew, to.the effect that no expenses shall be paid
for the services of troops that refused to be mus-
tered into the service of the United States. And
it strikes me the gentleman from Pennsylvania
can have no objection to that amendment, unless
lie is in favor of paying troops who are called into
the field for the purpose of suppressing the rebel-
lion but who refused to be mustered into the ser-
vice of the Union for that purpose.
Air, STEVENS. Wilt the gentleman allow
me to lead a single paragraph from the commu-
nication of the adjutant general of Pennsylvania,
to show upon whatauthonty I made theassertion ?
Air. GANSON. With pleasure.
Air. STEVENS. He says:
"Tiie Pie-idenf of the United St.ites called fur militia to
re pi I the adv anee oi <>eu.'ial Lee uito the north ei n State's.
'J'he call oi ih«: Guv < oi w;if marie a- supplemental}' to the
calf ot the i'lt-ufciit, and 'va« e\piPs>ly <uIopt"d and ap-
pioved bv hint, tin- Genetal Gmeiiunent illuming to pay
ail the .•vpeii'-t f, incidental theo'to, and am^nti"; to aeeept
Uk-m- tiocp- into i1mj mm vice arid pay ol the United States."
All. GANSON. There seems to be a misun-
derstanding between the ofliceis of X3onnsylvania
and the General Government, and it is for that
reason I renew my amendment that under this
act, if it passes, (ho expenses of none of these
troops shall he paid provided they refused to be
mustered into the service of the Uniied States.
Air. FARNSWORTfl. 1 ha\e draun an
amendmcnr which 1 think will cover the objec-
tion pre-'i nted.
AJt. GANSON". I am vi y sorry that the gen-
tleman fi om iVnnsy I \ ania fell called upon to pass
any criticism in je^aid to any action which has
been taken in regard to this matter, for so far as
I am eoneeined personally 1 have acted with en-
tire good laith,and L was determined that the
facts of the case should be undeistood by the
House, and that they should not pass an act of
tins importance uiidei any misappieh'Mi&ion; and
I have no doubt the gent!enian uoni Pennsylvania
would concur with me in the propriety of that
ooNKion. #
Mi. STEVENS. Undoubtedly.
Air. GANSON. Now, sir, aw 1 understand the
ma.'tei, Pennsylvania stands in no position Imre
entitled ty pioference over any othet State. The
point piesentod to this Houx.j now is, whether
the Gfi11 'ia 1 Government wtil assume to pay now
all of t he expenses which have been incui led by
the several States in any manner tending to sup-
press the rebellion. If they ate, then embrace
nil these < xpontes in tins b> 1 i: but if they a>e not
disp- ,>ed to do it, embrace none m if, for Penn-
syhania has no el<nm supeiior to that of any
other Stale ri this respect. 1 repeat the amend-
ment I oif a ed:
>'e Th.'t the < \p."" -c ^ of of tbe inihli.i of any
StiHe he e e,l undei iln- .let whoieti^ed to be tnu->-
teu'j nit" 'Ilv  e \ice 01 the United rjt.m--.
Air. FARNSWORTR. i am in iavorof pay-
ing every soidi-i who has been m the servjee of i
his eorntry. Tiieie seems u) be a question here
between tlie Rep> eseinatives of Pennsylvania and
the Government, as appears fioiu the iettei ofthe
Second Auditor whu.h has been read. It would
seem by the statements made by the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania that theie can he no aueation
about thjs matter, for one of them states upon his
own knowledge that these troops were mustered
into the service of the United States by a muster-
ing officer of the Army, and that they were reg-
ularly discharged. Now if that be the case, it
seems to me the committee ought not to hesitate
at all in passing a bill to pay those men. If the
legislation of Congress has not been sufficiently
broad to cover this case, if these men who have
been regularly mustered in cannot go to the De-
partment and draw their money for reason of a
lack of legislation authorizing it, I shall not hesi-
tate to vote for a bill authorizing the payment to
these men of their just debt.
I have therefore drawn up an amendment which
I think perhaps is a little broader than the one
offered by the gentleman from New York. It is
by way of a proviso to be attached to this bill,
in these words:
Provided, Tiiat only so much shall be paid out of the
Treasuiy in pursuance of the piovisions ot tin* act as shall
appear horn the muster-m and muster-out tolls shall bo
sufficient to pay those troops only who were mustered into
the service of the United States and were regularly mus-
tered out.
Mr. STEVENS asked some question which
was entirely inaudible to the reporters.
Air. FARNSWORTH. That would placetheso
soldiers precisely on the same basis as my amend-
ment does. A soldier cannot go to the pay de-
partment and draw his pay unless it appears from
the muster-roll that he was mustered into the ser-
vice of theUnited States. If he was not mustered
in and the rolls do not show that fact he must
come to Congress to get an act for his relief, for
you have no authority to pay a man who h& not
been mustered into the service, I therefore offer
this amendment?
Air. STILES. I suggest to my friend from Il-
linois that lie modify his amendment so that it
will apply to all those who are actually in the ser-
vice of the United States.
Air. KERNAN. I rise to a question of order.
I would inquire how many amendments aie now-
pending?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending in the nature of a substitute for the ori-
ginal bill.
Air. FARNSWORTH. Mine is an amend-
ment to the original bill.
Air. BLAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] by adding thereto the following, which I
design as a substitute for the bill reported by tho
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens:]
That a hoard of three cointrU' 'JdomM«) to he appointed
by the President, is heiehy established to aseei tam the total
amonntot indebtedness that has been inclined by the loyal
Suiter., and by the town'., eitic.*, and comities within thtfse
States, in their efimts to lai&e, organize, and equip hoops
ior the present vvai ; and ^aid cominihshmers shall hold
their sCfhion^ m the city of Washington from and attei the
Jst day of Oetober next, and <-halt have power to employ
siieli number of clerk* a.* they may find necessary, not ex -
ceeding lout—-one ot each el.i?*.
Six. 2. Said eomniNsiorier? shall jrive noti< e by adver-
tisement in at lea^t one paper in eneh iojal Stare ot Un-
tune and place of their se>Mon? . that alt duly authorized
aiients may attend and pte«eiit their chum- hu debts in-
out red loi the ytvial or paitieuUr di-toiis-e duini<? the
wai, and on the evidence theieof aecoiihnu to the prniej.
pies ot general equity, (although such claims may not h;tve
been tanctioiu d by the law& ot Cungie-h,) to allow the
same a" a charge against the United States Mibjeet to tho
appioval of Conines, io be liquidated and paid by the is-
>naiiee to said claimants ot bond-of tin: United States,
pavablem year?, with interp-t at the rate ol' per
eent. per annum, or m lawful money of the United States,
.w may hereafter be elected by (Jongiess : iJ?cu iiled always,
Thiit the i ule ofappoitiotui)<,r to State- the amounts to be ie~
tmiJed under this aet shall be tbe some thnr i* provided
by tin; Con-titntion of the United State.- ior the apportion-
ment of Representatives and dnect ta\e>.
Stc. 3. Said con)im-..-irineirf shall respectively take an
oath betoie a judye of the United States court that they
will faithfully di-< hnige then duties They shall uieh be
paid ar the i.ue of ejght dollars per day, and -hall make
liual :epoi t ot then doing* to Congress on oi belore the fust
Monday of December, A. I), ib&j.
Mr. STILES. I raise the point of order on
that amendment that it is not germane to tlie ori-
ginal bill.
Air. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Maim will withdraw it. It is upon a different
subject altogether.
Air. BLAINE. I submit the question to the
Chair. If my amendment is out of order, of
course I cannot press it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be in order, as it relates to the gen-
eral subject of the bill.
