1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
.stance. Suppose a certain number of troops are
required to bccontributedbyMichigan,and aiarge
portion of the persons included in the enrollment
sec fit not to render their personal service but to
pay $300 each. This money is to be taken by
the Secretary of War and employed in purchas-
ing up colored troops in Kentucky or in any other
portion of the United States to any amount, taking
the money of my constituents and procuring black
troops with it, without crediting my constituents
with a single man for the money they thus con-
tribute, no matter how large the sum may be.
It seems to me this is another case of injus-
tice and hardship. I think it will not be very ac-
ceptable to the mass of the people of the loyal
States. They will not be entirely willing, I fear,
to contribute their cold cash in order to exempt
themselves from a draft, and have that cash em-
ployed in slaveholding States in the purchase, so
to speak, of black troops, while they themselves
get no credit for it at home. They may endure
it, sir. The times are of such a character as to
make us submit to almost anything the Govern-
ment may ask; but I submit to Senators that this
is a case of hardship which ought, if possible, to
be avoided.
Much is said, Mr. President, about the slave
being private property, and being private prop-
erty under the Constitution. I cannot regard a
slave as private property in the sense of the Con-
stitution. I hold that that instrument contains
no guarantee whatever of slave property; and as
held by the courts it recognizes slavery only in
that clause which authorizes the rendition of fu-
gitives from one State to another; and when gen-
tlemen tell me that a slave is by virtue of the Con-
stitution not a person but private property, I take
issue with them. I hold that every person called
a slave in the slave States is just as much liable
to render military service for the defense of the
United States as a white person, and that he is to
be treated in the same way we treat white per-
sons who are employed in that service.
The Constitution declares, it is true, that pri-
vate property shall not be taken for public use.
without just compensation. What did the Con-
vention mean when they used that language? i
Did they mean to affirm the modern doctrine that
theie was or could be property in man? Or did
they mean by the word " property" in that con-
nection only those things which are the subjects
of property by the common law of England?
Do we not always in construing the Constitution
of the United States have reference to the common
law as it existed at the time of the formation of
the Constitution, and will any gentleman tell me
that by the common law of England at that time
the courts of England recognized property in
man ? We all know quite well they did not, but
they rejected that assumption at that time, and
have done so ever since. So that I cannot agree
with Senators who contend that under this clause
the Government of the United States when it sees
fit to lay its hand on negroes for the puipose of
defending the country in time of war is violating
the right of property by refusing to pay slave-
holders for the slaves thus employed.
Sir, there is no doubt about the power of Con-
gress to seize upon the minor son of a citizen of
the United States and compel him to render mil-
itary service, or to seize upon the apprentice of
any master and compel him to render the same
service; but is the son the property of the father?
is the apprentice the property of the master? No,
sir, no one will pretend this. They are persons.
But are they not just as much property in the
sense of the Constitution as negro slaves are
property?
When you take the only son of a widow, as
you may do, when you take the sole prop of aged
and infirm parents and force them into the mili-
tary service, you do not reward the parents, you
do not give the money to the parents, you do not
give the bounty to the parents. You give those
rewards to the soldier whom you take and force
into the military service, and do it because he is
a person, not property. And still, sir, there is
no more right of property appertaining to the
slaveholder than to the father or to the master, j
What is this property which is claimed to be- \
long to the slaveholder? Is it property in the j
flesh and bones of the slave? No, &ir. We all
know that the negro slave, although a slave, is
held to be morally responsible and amenable in
the courts of justice for the commission of crime.
Is a mere chattel amenable for'crime? No, sir!
We know that the son is amenable for crime;
we know that the apprentice is amenable for
crime. The owner of a slave is restrained by the
law of the community where he lives in various
ways from committing outrages upon his slave;
and there is nothing in the case by which he can
lay a claim for property, except the mere service
of the slave. You do not own his bones, you
do not own his hands, or his head, or his heart,
or his soul; you cannot dispose of him as you
may of any ordinary article of property. In re-
gard to property as understood at common Taw,
the owner has the absolute right to destroy it at
.will, provided he commits no injury to his neigh-
bor in so doing. Can you do so with the slave?
No.
The only thing, I repeat, to which the master
can lay any claim whatever, is the service of the
slave. The father enforces the same claim to the
service of a son, the master to the service of his
apprentice; but, sir, we do notpay the father, we
do not pay the master; but we pay the money to
the son or to the apprentice when we call the one
or the other into the military service. Why not
do the same in regard to the slave ? Where is the
distinction in principle?
Gentlemen say, " If you take our slaves, you
ought to pay us for them." The father may
make the same reply, and so may the master of
an apprentice; but we never do so; we never pay
either.
Now, sir, when the necessities of the country
are such as to call on any portion of its popula-
tion for military service for its defense, 1 see no
reason whatever for exempting the slave. I see
no ground whatever why the owner of the slave
should be entitled to any privilege oi any immu-
nity which docs not belong at least to the father
or to the master of the apprentice. J think, sir,
the distinction is entirely without any foundation,
and that the Government have a right, whenever
they shall say the word, to take the slave, to force
him into the military service and compel him to
defend the country. But, sir, in doing this I sub-
mit we should be doing a very contemptible thing
not to give this same slave his freedom. I main-
tain that the moment you muster a slave into the
service of the United States, you do upon prin-
ciples of law, ipso facto, forever emancipate him
from the control of his master. I assert it as an
abstract principle of law, that the freedom of the
slave is an immediate and irresistible result of
such an employment of the slave. I would there-
fore not pay the slaveholder one dollar, either for
the emancipation of his slave or for bounty. For
these reasons I shall be compelled to vote against
this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, because of the
necessity under which we supposed the Govern-
ment was to raise more troops in order to keep a
force sufficient to put down this rebellion, it has
been deemed necessary by both Houses of Con-
gress to pass a bill something of the description
of the one which I hold in my hand, and which
is now before the Senate. The debate which has
arisen has grown out of the twenty-sixth section
of the biil as reported by the committee of con-
ference. That section, it' I recollect aright, was
inserted in the bill by the House of Representa-
tives, and the object of the section is twofold: it
provides first, that in case a eolored soldier be
drafted, ijplOO shall at once be paid as a bounty to
his master; and second, where they have volun-
teered, that a commission shall be appointed to
ascertain how much shall be paid, provided the
amount is not to exceed §300, and that amount,
so ascertained to be due by the commission to be
constituted under this section, is to be paid the
owner provided he be a loyal man.
The Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Delaware have assumed what I think can-
not be maintained, that there is no authority to
bring into the military service of theUmted States
slaves. I do not propose to argue that question
now, because I have already stated to the Senate
on a former occasion what was my opinion in re-
lation to it. But I suppose that the Senator from
Delaware and the Senator from Kentucky par-
ticularly place their opposition to that power on
the ground that there is no authority to conscript
soldiers, for, if there is an authority to conscript,
it seems to me inevitably to follow that it can be
exercised over all persons in the United State®
without reference to color or condition who are
bound by an allegiance to the United States*.
Whether any of these colored persons are in
that condition which entitles the master to be paid
if he be brought into the service of the United
States is another question. The honorable mem-
ber from Michigan is of opinion that inasmuch as
a slave owes allegiance to the United States, and
may be called upon to be a soldier of the United
States, he is to be considered as standing in the
same condition with every white man; and espe-
cially in the condition of a minor son of a living
father or mother, or of an apprentice; and he says,
moreover, that the provision in the Constitution-
which prohibits the appropriation of private prop-
erty for public use without compensation 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator pardon me
for interrupting him for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly did not say that a
son or an apprentice stood in the same relation to
the father or the master that a slave stands to his
master. That is an inference of the Senator, not
what I said.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not understand the
Senator to say that the son of a white man or
woman was a slave; but I meant to say that I
understood the honorable member as contending
that because of the relationship of son to father
or mother, and the relationship of apprentice to
master, there is no more reason why you should
compensate the owner of a slave if you take him
into the service of the United States than there is
to compensate, in the one case, the father or the
mother, and, in the other case, the master; and
the honorable member from Michigan, with that
astuteness which very often belongs to our pro-
fession, thinks he finds in tlie fact that the Con-
stitution of the United States nowhere declares
—and there is no law outside of the Constitution
which declares that the master owned the bone,
the heart, or any of the features of his slave—
that he has no property in his slave, and he can-
not dispose of his bone, nor dispose of his heart,
nor dispose of anything else physically belonging
to him; and because he cannot, according to the
view of my honorable friend from Michigan, he
supposes that the master has no property in the
slave. Why, sir, he does dispose of the heart
and the bone of the slave. The honorable mem-
ber admits that the Constitution of the United
States secures the master in the service of his
slave, and we all know that at the time the Con-
stitution was adopted the system of slavery ex-
isted in nearly all the States in the Union, and
that, under that system of slavery, the right to
the service of the slave gave to the master the
right to dispose of the slave; and I imagine if he
disposed of the slave he disposed of his bones and
his heart for the time being. You cannot sepa-
rate the right to the service from the man himself.
If you give an absolute right in one man as against
another to the services of that other, and give it to
such an extent that he may dispose of it by will
and make it responsible for his debts, you give
him an interest in everything in the man without
declaring by law that he has or shall have a spe-
cific interest in his heart and bones.
Then the honorable member tells us that the
Constitution of the United States, in that clause
which exempts private property from public use
cxcept on compensation, is to be construed with
reference to the common law, and he assumes as
true that by the common law, as it existed in
1789, there could be no property in slaves. That
is not so, with due deference to the honorable
member. Slavery existed in the common law-
long after 1789. If the honorable member will
look to a decision pronounced at a much more
recent period than that, by Lord Stowell, he will
find that, overiuling the decision of Lord Mans-
field in the Somersett case, he held, that as sla-
very was recognized in the West Indies at that
time, a slave who came to England, where it was
not recognized, was still a slave, and the master
had a right to take him away as against the law
of England; repudiating the doctrine of Lord
Mansfield, that the air of England was so pure
that slavery could not exist within its influence.
And if my honorable friend will look at his Black-
stone (and considering his familiarity with it I
am a little surprised that it should have escaped
him) he will find that the right to this description
