1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BLAINE. As early as the 7th of Janu-
ary last, Mr. Chairman, 1 called the attention of
the House by a simple declaratory resolution to
the subject of refunding to the loyal States the
amounts expended by them in the prosecution of
the existing war. • Instead of asking a vote on
the resolution then submitted, 1 desire the action
of the House on the bill which I have just offered
^ as a substitute for that reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
His bill proposes to refund a certain amount of
money claimed to be due from the General Gov-
ernment to his own State for oxpenses incurred
during the Gettysburg campaign. My bill pro-
poses to establish a commission for the purpose
of ascertaining the amounts due to all the loyal
States for their war expenditures, with the view
of ultimately refunding the same from the com-
mon Treasury of the nation.
It is of course well known to all that in addi-
tion to the enormous outlay of thenational Gov-
^ ernmentin its effort to suppress the southern rebel-
lion there has been a necessary and legitimate ex-
penditure in aid of the same great object on the part
of all the loyal States. These expenditures arose
from absolute necessity; they have not been made
thoughtlessly or wastefully, but with due consid-
eration and with a prudent economy which com-
pares most favorably with many departments of
the national disbursement. My proposition is
that all expenditures thus made in good faith for
the defense and preservation of the national life
should be refunded by the national Government.
And I shall proceed to discuss as briefly as may
be the juslicu and expediency of refunding these
amounts; the precedents for so doing; and our
ability to do so without impairing the national
credit. And of these in their order.
the justice and expediency of refunding
these expenditures.
If the twenty-four loyal States now striving
with patriotic rivalry to outdo each other in de-
fending and rescuing the nation from its perils
were hereafter to constitute the entire Union there
might be nothing gained and nothing lost to any
one of them by consolidating their respective war
debts into one common charge upon the aggre-
gate resources of the nation. Under such cir-
cumstances each State would be freed from an
individual tax only to incur a burden of similar
magnitude in meeting its component part of the
total national debt. But the actual case piesented
for our consideration and decision is far different
from this. We are engaged in a struggle which
must inevitably icsult in restoring to loyalty and
to duty eleven States now in rebellion against the
authority of the national Government. And be-
yond that, as a consequence of a restored Union
and of the boundless prosperity which awaits the
auspicious event, our vast western domain will
be peopled with a rapidity exceeding all prece-
dent, and States with outnumber almost will spring
into existence, to add to the strength ami insure
the perpetuity of our Government. Well-con-
sidered estimates based on past progress, and the
established ratio of our advance in wealth and
population, assure us that within less than a cen-
tury from this time we shall have added forty new
States to our Union, making with the number
now composing it a grand total of seventy-five
prosperous Commonwealths. Weie it not for the
blood so freely poured out and the treasure so
• lavishly expended by the twenty-four loyal States
repiesented on this floor, the eleven States now
in l'evok would not be saved from self-destruction,
and the forty States so speedily to grow up in the
Mississippi valley and on thePacific slope would
never come into existence.
Of the immense national debt which we are
lncuning in this struggle each State will of course
have to bear a share; but it is quite manifest that
for two generations to come, owing to our estab-
lished system of taxation, the present loyal States
will have to enduxe vastly the larger pioportion
of the total burden. Is it fair or just that in ad-
dition to this they shall each be called upon to bear
unaided a large local debt, necessarily and yet
generously incurred in aid of the one common
object of preserving the life of the whole nation r
The que&tion which I present, therefore, is not
one for dispute or difference between any of the
States here represented, for they all have a com-
j moti interest in adopting the proposed meas-
I ure. The financial issue is rather between the
: twenty-four loyal States on the one hand, and ihe
j eleven revolted States, together with all future
| new States, on the other. We have it in our
power to-day to determine the matter upon prin-
ciples of the highest equity, and at the same time
for the interest of the loyal States who are bear-
ing the heat and burden of the great contest.
From such data as I have been able to collect
I estimate the war debts of the loyal States and
of the towns, cities, and counties within those
States as amounting at least to $150,000,000.
The annual lax to meet the interest on this sum
must be raised by a direct levy on the property
of the people without the intervention of an ex-
cise system or any other indirection to lighten
or disguise it. If this burden is to remain per-
manently on the communities now sustaining it,
we shall witness the anomalous spectacle of less
than one third of the prospective number of States
bearing in its most oppiessive fotm $150,000,000
of debt, every dollar of which was contracted as
much for the benefit of the other twothiidsof the
Union as for themselves. And the injurious
working of such a discrimination will be made
j odiously and cruelly manifest in the emigration
| fiom the old to the new States, and from the
[ North to the South, for the purpose of escaping
j the very tax which was incurred that the new
| States might be born ar.d that the South might be
| saved from suicide. I could not, by any argu-
ment, enhance the foioe of such a fact as this, nor
strengthen the plea which it makes for the equal-
ization of the entire debt created by the war.
1 anticipate an objection which will be made to
the measure on the score of expediency. JYlany
gentlemen, while admitting theabsti act justice and
equity of the proposition, have suggested the dan-
ger of impairing the national credit by adding to
it a burden winch need not be assumed. The
national Treasury they fear is already overloaded
by the inevitable demands upon it, and they pro-
test against incurring any fresh obligation where
it can possibly be avoided. 1 shall before closing
my remarks speak somewhat in detail of our abil-
ity to bear the national debt which the suppres-
sion of the rebellion will leave upon us. At this
point I desire only to say that it is a mistake, pal-
pable and radical, to assume that the adoption of
the refunding measure which I have pioposed
would in any degree add to the national burden or
actually increase the debt of the country. The
States and communities which owe the debts pro-
posed to be refunded are precisely the same States
and communities upon which must rest, the main-
tenance of the national ciedit during the entire
period that it may he said to be m doubt or on
trial before the world, if this #150,000,000 of
local indebtedness is upon them, it afreets their le-
sourcesand theirability to carry tti" national debt
by precisely that amount. And if the national
debt is increased $150,000,000 by lefundmg to
the States, the local burdens are correhitively and
proportionally reduced. Not only is this so, as
an actual fact, but it is so in its impression nnd
its influence in financial circles. You will find
that tiie bankers m New York and Loudon main-
tain a close observation upon our State and local
indebtedness, and thence measure our abdity to
carry a national debt. Should the refunding pol-
icy be adopted, no class of men will appreciate it
so thoroughly or weigh its effect so clearly as
those who so largely control the loan market.
The policy will need neither explanation nor vin-
dication with that sagacious and far-seemg class i
of men. j
It is worthy of remark that at the organization j
of the Government, when the policy of refund-j
ing to the States their outlays in tin? revolution- i
ary struggle was under discussion, the very ob- '
jection which I have just been consideiing was j
vehemently uiged by tiiose who were opposed to i
I the measure. Their whole argument was very j
! quietly overthrown by Mr. Hamilton in his eel- j
; ebrated repott of January .9, 1790, when he j
; summed up and disposed of the entire; case m ;
j these few words : j
| "Admitting that a provision must bo made in soiue way 1
i or other lor Mo eutu" d< bt, it will certainly follow that no
; greatei n'vemu->will be required, w'lHit.n that piovision
j be made wholly by the United Htatos ot partly by them
j and paifly by the States separately."
i Instead of having au injurious effect on (he
public credit, Mr. Hamilton further maintained
that the refunding policy " would contribute, in an
eminent degree, to an orderly, stable, and satis-
factory arrangement of the national finances."
the precedents for the proposed measure.
Every measure of legislation having sufficient
importance to enlist the interest and challenge the
scrutiny of the coumry is greatly strengthened jf
its policy can be sustained t>y the practice of thej
past. Happily in this instance we tire not with??-,
out the most pertinent and suggestive precedent®
—not only settling all questions of constitutional
power, but vindicating by results the policy of
refunding all war expenditures to the States.
I need not remind the House that one of the
earliest and one of the gravest questions that
came up for adjustment upon the organization of
ihe Government was the payment from the*com-
mon purse of the nalion of all debts contracied by
tin' States in their great struggle to achieve our
independence. All the possible questions and
issues involved in such a policy were fully and
freely discussed by the leading statesmen of that
day; and the decision was in favor of refunding
—a decision which was followed by the almost
instant revival and subsequent continued main-
tenance of the public credit. The argument in
favor of the policy was admirably condensed by
Mr. Hamilton in a single paragraph which I
quote from one of his ablest papers:
" The equalizing of the condition of the citizens of every
State, and t'xoncatins those of the States most indebted
ftoin partial bnidens which would press upon them in con-v
ssequeuetj ol exet uons in a common cause, is not completely
fulfilled unnl the entire debt of every Stale contracted in
relation to the war is embraced in one general and compre-
hensive plan. The inconvenience to the United Stares of
di&buidenmg the States which nie siill incumbered with
t'Oiisidersibk* d«'bts, would bear no proportion to the incon-
venience which they would ieei if left to struggle with those
debts unaided."
Following the- views and recommendations of
Mr. Hamilton, Congiess, on the 5th of August,
1790, passed "An act to provide more'elfeetually
for the settlement of accounts between the United1
States and the individual States." By this act, a
board, consisting of three commissioners, was ap-
pointed to hear and adjudicate alt claims submitted
to them. The generous and comprehensive basis
on which claims were to be determined may b6
seen from the third section of the act, "a part of
which I will read: :
" £ec. 3. It shall be the duty of said commissioners to
receive and examine all claims which shall be exnibited to
Ui<*ni helot e the 1st day of July, A. D. 1791, and to determine
on all &ueh a*, ^h.tll have accnird for the general or patne-
ulai' defence during the wai, and on the evidence thereof
accojiinig to the puncipleo oi general equity, although ouch
claim:- mwy not be sanctioned by the lcsolvesot Congiess,
nor supported by regular vouchers," &c.
By legislation contemporaneous with the fore-
going1, the act indeed being approved one day ia
advanceof that from which 1 have read, Congress
agreed to liquidate the claims of States toa speci-
fied amount with the simple proviso that the.claims;
should be for " compensations and expenditure*
for service or supplies toward the pto&ecution of
the late war and the defense of the United States
or some part thereof during the same." The
amounts for which United States stocks were in.
pursuance of this legislation exchanged for cer-'
uficates of fa'fate indebtedness were as follows ia
the various States;: namely, New Mamp&hiie.*
$300,000; Massachusetts, $4,000,000; Rhode Isl-
and, §'200,000; Connecticut, $1,000,000; New,
York, §1,200,000; New Jersey, $800,U00; Penn-
sylvania, <2,200,000; Delaware, ^200,000; Mary-'
land, $800,000; Vngtma, §b,500,UU0; North Car-,
olina, £>*3,400,000; South Catulina, <£4,000,000;
.Georgia, $300,000. Massach usetts, which fur-,
rushed the mostmen in the tevolutionary war,'and'
South Carolina, which furnished the least number,
had the same amounts liquidated; and the aggre-
gate sum thus refunded to all the States for warex>
pendttutes was $21,500,000; immeasurably larger
in proportion to tiie wealth and resources of the
country at that time than ^150,000,000 would he
for the nation as it exists to-day.
The second precedent for.refunding the expend-
itures made by Slates was in the war with Eng-
land in 1812-15. Every dollar was repaid, on
the most liberal principles, theorrly Jimitorquali- •
fication bein£ that the money whose restitution
was claimed "had been actually expended for
the use and benefit of the United States (luring
the late war with Great Britain." And theprin*
