1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
oiple "was carried further than simply refunding
[lie amounts advanced, for interest also wassub-
sequentiy allowed to every State,except Massa-
chusetts, upon ail debts incuri od on behalf of the
-ommon cause. The payment of interest was
'i much-disclosed and long-delayed act, and iis
mi '•"ini'h.silinent was finally due to the clear and
forcible presentation of the merits and rightful-
ness of the policy by President Monroe in a mes-
sage to Congress during the session of 1824-25.
In consequence of the argument and influence of
the President interest was allowed to Virginia " on
all sums on which she had paid interest;" arid
subsequently by separate acts each State that had
made advances for war purposes was allowed
interest m full thereon, with the exception just
noted, and a bdl to refund interest to Massachu-
setts is now pending. Reference may be had to
United States Statutes at Large, volume 4, pages
161, 175, 19S, 241, 499.
The third and freshest precedent for the policy
now urged was tin* course pursued by our Gov-
ernment with refeience to Slate expenses incurred
during the war wjth Mexico. The refunding to
the States in that instance was upon a basis so
comprehensive and broad as to be almost liable to
the charge of looseness and prodigality. Before
the war had continued a year, before the intelli-
gence of Taylor's victory at Buena Vista had
reached this country, and befote Scott had even
landed at Vera Cruz, Congress provided by joint
resolution of March 3, 1847, for refunding, as
follows:
i:Ilesolvc<l by the Senate and Honseof Representatives of
the United States, of Jlmeiitctin Congt ess assembled, That the
sSecreuuy <>f War lie, and he is lietcby, aiuhoiized and re-
quired lo cause to he rulunded to lite sevctrtl {$cue«, or to
individual-*, for seivices ictideied, acting iindei the uu-
thoim of any State, the amount ol expenses incurred by
Ihem tn o!ionizing, MibMf>tinj*, and nnie-ponmt? voluntecis
previous to their being nnifteied and leceived into the *or-
viceof the United States for the pie-sent war."
Under this resolution many claims were pre-
sented which ihe auditing bureaus of the Treas-
ury Department refused to allow, because of the
restriction contained in the phrase "acting under
the authority of anyStdte." There wen;, more-
over, a class of claims piesented by counties and
municipal corporations which did not seem to be
included within the .sptcific teirns uf the resolu-
tion. To remedy all .such defects, Congress the
next year passed an act, appioved June 2, 1848,
the fust section of which was in the following
terms:
r<- d enm/*>./, fee , That the ptovNion^ of the joint re«?-
olillhJii .tppioved Match iw 17, entitled { A ie>ohmnn to
reiumi money to f!ie Stares that have -applied volunteer,
Sto.,' be, and tit" ^:ime are herein , extended a-* lo '•niinace
.til casc> otV,\j)i'iw-; hci ctofoi e uieia ted in oiiratu/.uig, Mih-
M^titig,aml transporting volunteer pievmu- to then being
nn^teicil .ind iei eiveil into the United Stale-. M'jvice (<><
the pje-enf war, whether by Shrtt'%, cn/nttcc. / G> pt>rutioni,
or individuals, cith^i arfin% ft )t/i or without the anthoi itq of
any State: J'toiuled, however, Thai proof shall be made
to the s-atiMaclioM ot the mm < taty ol War of tin: amount
thu* expended, and that tin: sume \va^ necessity and p:<>por
for the tioopy afoiesaid."
Sweeping and conclusive as was the general
scope of this resolution, (he simple proviso re-
quiring satisfactory pioof that the expenditures
were " necessaty and proper for the tioops a fore-
said," opeiated us a bar to the payment of cei tain
classes of claims. The auditing bureaus undei
the strict scrutiny applied by them, held a con-
siderable amount suspended for thiee or four
yeats, until finally m 1S52 Congress again came
to the relief of the States by declai nig'that then
accounts should be allowed s% as] csen'ted." This
legislation is contained in the t'Mith section of the
Army appropriation bill, unproved August 31,
1852, as follows: ' °
"..7m/ he if furthn enacted,^c., TljaUhotc be appHmnatcd
as aterc-aid for refunding to ilm Sute ot Michigan tiic
amount advanced by said Stat<> iti oi<'aiii:'in«, Mib-i-uny,
and tiaa-poiting volunteers ptevtuu* to their l.ein^ mus-
tered into Ihe United ,stat'-< -emce during the Jate war with
Muxjoo, .A-JU,000, which mik! -um or so" much thejeof <t«
shall be nece^sai y to p.tj anrl caned the claim of -mia State
as presented, and now on file in the office of the Third Aud-
itor ot the TieaMirv llepariment. shall be paid hi the r*ec-
ret.irv o( llic Treacly to the G<>'. eirnti ot <,thei pi<>p >i ofli
cor ol the vaid State uf Michmnn: Ptor>drd. That U)e-ani<>
punciples be tipp'ied m the or the claim* of the
of Alabama and aii othet S!hk- tor niuni y advanced
In ralMng, subpi&ting, and transpotu.'jg troops tor the Mexi-
can war.'-''
In one of the instances which I have cited the
claims ot States were paid by substituting United
States bonds for certificates of local indebtedness.
The bill which I have submitted pi opuses# it simi-
lar plan at this time, so that its adoption involves
no danger of an expanded circulation. It neither
adds to the currency by an issue of legal-tender
notes, nor does it increase the bonded debt of the
loyal grates. It simply changes the form of the
latter from a local and diverse to a general and
uniform series of obligations.
Thus we find the precedents are ample, broad,
and conclusive. In the three wars in which our
country has been engaged the policy of refunding
to the Statesall their contributions to the common
cause has been uniformly and rigidly followed by
Congress. It was so in our first war, which was
a sttuggle for independence"; it was so in our sec-
ond war, which was waged for maritime rights
and for national dignity; it was so in our third
war, which,in its spirit and in its results, was
mainly a war of conquest. We are now engaged
in war for the foutth time,and the struggle is for
national unity and self-preservation. Instead of
narrowing these precedents left us by former
wars, every consideration of justice and equity
requires that we should give them their widest
application in the present instance. If it were
just to refund theexpenditures heretofore made in
a common cause, it is so now in a ratio enhanced
by the magnitude of the issues involved in the
pending contest.
OUR ABILITY TO REFUND THE WAR EXPENDITURES
OF STATES FROM TIIE COMMON TREASURY OF
THE NATION.
In one aspect it is scarcely necessary to argue
this question, for the simple reason, as already
suggested, that if wc are notable to carry the war
debts of the States as a common charge upon the
nation, we are not able to carry them where they
are now placed. The refunding policy which I
have proposed neither adds to nor subtracts from
the debt of the loyal people who are now strug-
gling for the Union and for nationality. It sim-
ply equalizes the burden and places it impartially
on the shouldets of those who are to be benefited
by the victorious issue of the war, for the sup-
port of which the State debts have been contracted.
The real question of interest in this connection
is whether we are able as a nation to sustain the
entire debt which the close of the war will leave
upon us without oppressively burdening the busi-
ness and crippling the energies of the people? I
propose to show by some simple facts and figures
that wc arc abundantly equal to the great trial,
and that in bearing it we are assuming far less
responsibility in jvoportion to wealth, popula-
tion, and prospective development, than has been
successfully and triumphantly assumed in the
past by another gieat nation, and even by our-
selves at the organization of the Government.
In estimating the debt with which we are to be
incumbered it is not wise, in my judgment, to
adopt a too sanguine anticipation of the speedy
close of the war. Very many gentlemen, whose
opinions the public uieacoustomed to respect,pre-
dict the entire suppression of the rebellion within
the enuuing summer. For myself, I cannot in-
dulge in so pleasing a prospect. Whatever false
reckonings we may have made in the past m regard
to the shortness of Ihe war, 1 have latterly been of
those who believe that the leading conspirators of
the South intend at all events to prolong the strug-
gle until the contest for the Piesidency is ended.
They have a hope—baseless enough it seems to
us—that in some way they are to be benefited by
the result of that election, and hence they will
huld out until it is decided, and with a view, in-
deed, of afFecting it« dwciwion. Let us then not
deceive ourselves with regard to the speedy re-
duction of the enormous expenditures to which we
are now subjected., it is wiser for us to look
soberly at facts as they ate and not beguile our-
selves with rose-colored views of facts as we wish
they might be. Let us make our calculations in
regaid to the national debt therefore on the as-
sumption that the war will last until July, 1863,
instead of closing m July, 16(51, as has heeri so
confidently assumed by many. Should it come
to a termination earlier, out error will be the
happiest feature in our entue calculation.
Heretofore the <stiinates of the Secretary of
the Treasury in regard lo the amount of the na-
tional debt at any given period have ptoved as-
tonishingly accinaie. And the safest feature of
his estimates is seen in the fact that he has in no
instance understated the prospective amount of in-
debtedness as actually ascertained when the day
foe which the estimate was made had arrived.
For instance, in December, 18G"2, the Secretary
stated that the debt July 1, 1863, would be
$1,122,297,403 24. In fact when Hie time arrived
the debt had only reached $1,098,793,181 37, or
some twenty-four millions less than Mr. Chase
estimated. With fuller data for reckoning than
when he made the calculation just referred to,
the Secretary now estimates that if the war shall
continue so long, at its current rate of cost, our
debt in July, 1865, will reach the large sum of
$2,231,935,190 37. To this vast sum lot us add
^150,000,000 to be incurred by refunding to States
as proposed in the measure 1 am advocating, and
$150,000,000 more to cover unforeseen expenses in
closing up the great contest, and you have a grand
total of $2,500,000,000, the annual interest and
ultimate redemption of which must be provided
for by the nation. Besides contracting this enor-
mous debt, we shall have expended all the current
receipts of the Treasury in conducting the war,
amounting in the aggregate, for the four years, to
more than five hundred millions, making thus a
gross outlay of over three thousand millions as
the cost of subduing the rebellion—an expendi-
ture of $2,000,000 per day from the inception to
the close of the contest.
Let us see how, by the experience of our own
country in a former generation, as well as by the
experience of another great people, we may hope
to meet this burden with confidence and courage,
bearing it without oppression when it is heaviest
and coming in good season to its total discharge,
or by attainment of superior strength making it
so light as to be practically disregarded.
At the organization of our Government in 1789
the entire population, fice and slave; was under
four millions, scattered along the seaboard fiom
the St. Croix to the St. Mary's, not fifty thou-
sand in all living one hundred miles distant from
the flow of the Atlantic tide. Facilities for inter-
communication were greatly restricted, manufac-
tures and the arts weie in feeble infancy, agri-
culture was rude and not highly remunerative,
because commerce, its handmaid, was languish-
ing and waiting to be quickened to enterprise and
vigor. The entire valuation of the thirteen States,
according to the weight of authority, did not ex-
ceed six hundred million dollars, three hundred
millions less than the valuation of Massachusetts
to-day, and not one half so great as that of Penn-
sylvania. Property at that, time was ill adapted
to bear taxation, profits were small, and to the
political economist, measuring the condition and
capacity of the country, it seemed utterly unable
to carry a debt of any considerable magnitude.
And yet our ancestors did not hesitate to assume
the burden of ninety million dollars, more than one
seventh of all the propeity they owned. Mr. Jef-
ferson, who was the most distrustful of all the
statesmen of that day in regaid to the ability of
the nation to sustain the load, was yet willing to
say that it could be easily borne if our annual in-
crease of population and pioperty could maintain
on average nt'Jlveperccnt —then the mostsanguine
estimate which any one daied to place on the fu-
tuicgrowth of the country. Had we realized only
the ratio of increase assumed by Mr. Jefferson,
our population in 18G0 would have been some fif-
teen instead of thirty-one millions, and our wealth
V?,700,000,000 instead of ^16,000,000,000. Upon
Air. Jefferson "s assumed basis of inn ease the debt
would never have been oppressive, but upon the
rate of growth actually realized the country paid
the interest on the debt and accumulated a fund
for its redemption with such ease that people
never felt they were taxed. And yet I hope to
show that our debt at the close of this war will he
relatively lighter than the debt which our revo-
lutionary fatheis thus assumed, and proceeded so
eaily and so easily to dischaige.
Look also at the case ofGreat Britain. At the
close of her gigantic struggle with Napoleon in
ldio, the national debt of that kingdom amounted
to <£661,000,000 sterling, or $4,300,000,000, and
for icadier comparison I shall apeak of her debt
in dollars rather than in pounds. Her entire
population at that time was less than twenty mil-
lion, and the valuation of all h'jr property was
about nine thousand five hundred million dollars.
She owed, indeed, nearly halfof all that she pos-
sessed. Her population,was less than two thirds
of what ours is to-day. licr entire property waa
