THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1864.
New Series.....No. 4
ti ue, (and it is not for the Senator to say that it is
not true,) that the blackman is as good a soldier
as the white man.
But, sir, to conclude, throwing asido all these
matters about which these differences of opinion
exist, and looking to the actual condition of the
country, I appeal to the patriotism of the Senate,
'and particularly to the patriotism of that portion
of the Senate that constitute a majority of this
body, and are in favor of the policy of the pres-
ent Administration, and anxious to bring- this war
to a deteimmation, to give up all their mere pri-
vate diffeiences, sacrifice them upon the altar of
the public go<$&, and show that with one heart
and one mind, shoulder to shoulder, you will meet
all theexigencies that theConstifution authorizes.
Mr.HALE. Mr. President, when the Senator
from Kentucky was addressing the Senate a few
days since on another bill he let fall some re-
marks which I thought required an answer, and
1 thought I would make them immediately on that
bill; but that bill was crowded out of the way yes-
terday by the special assignment of the Senate
assigning yesterday to the consideration of mat-
ters belonging to the Disti ict of Columbia, and to-
day this report of the committee of conference
comes up. 1 have sat here some two or three
houis while this subject has been under discus-
sion thinking I would postpone until that other
bill came up the remarks which I thought it my
duty to make, deeming them not to be entirely
relevant to this bill; but after the experience of
to-day I beg pai don of the Senate for ever having
thought that anything that anybody thought fit
to say upon any subject at any time upon any
bill was not in order; and as the same sentiment,
to which I propose to respond, uttered by the
Senator from Kentucky, has been reiterated again
and again in the discussion upon this measure, I
propose to submit a few words at the present time
upon it; and that is, upon the question whether
man can hold property in man.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky in speak-
ing of those who hold the doctrine that man can-
not hold propei ty in man, said that nobody but
a madman at the present time could enteitain
such a sentiment. I see that he or somebody else
has revised the speech and put madman into
Latin, and it reads now that nobody who is not
non compos mentis would entertain such a senti-
ment. 1 think it had more force as it was origin-
ally uttered, and that the attempt of the Senatoi
from Kentucky to make his speech a little more
classical, while it does credit to his learning docs
not much to his taste. I prefer to answer it as it
was oiiginally uttered, that none but a madman
can entertain such a sentiment.
Mr. Piesident, I believe m that sentiment. I
believe it as firmly as I believe the truth of my
own existence. I believe that when God made
man He made something different from anything
else He ever had made, and while He gave to
man dominion over all other creatures He had
created He reserved the immortal soul for His
own peculiar woiship, and He never intended
that merchandise should be made of it. I know
that slavery asserts a different doctrine and a dif-
ferent dogma,and it is to that to which I wish to
address myself.
Slavery claims to own a man—his bones, his
musclcs, his heart, his evuythmg. Slavery with
impious and defiant aspect stands at the foot of I
the cross of Christ and challenges the truth of'
His dying; declaration when He bowed His head
upon the cross and said "It is finished;" the
price of man's redemption is paid. Slavery says
no, the price of all souls is not yet paid; we own
souls over which we have final control. As some-
body else has said what I should like to have
been able to say upon this subject so much better
than I can say it, I prefer io give that to the
Senate. I will read an extract from a speech of J
Lord Brougham, an eminent "madman" on the
other side of the water, made before the British
Parliament on the 12th of July, 1830. Lord
Brougham said:
Tell me not of rights. Talk not of the property of the
4-8
planter in lus slaves. I deny the right. I acknowledge not
the piopfrty. The principles, the feeling-? of our common
nature ii-e in rebellion against it. Be the appeal made to
the understanding or to the heart, the sentence is the same
that rejects it. In vain you teil me of laws that sanction
such a claim. There is a law above the enactment of hu-
man codes, the tame throughout the world, the same m ail
times, such as it was before the daiing genius of Columbus
pierced the night ot ages and opened to one woild sources
of power, wealth, and knowledge1; to another ail unutter-
able woes. Such itio at this day. It is the law wnttenby
the fiugei ol God on the heart of man; and b> that law, eter-
nal, unchangeable, while men despise tiaud and loathe ra-
pine, and abhor blood, they shall reject with indignation
the wild and guilty lancy that man can hold property in man.
In vain you appeal to tteatie&, to covenant- between na-
tions. The covenants of the Ahnishty, whether the old
covenant or the new, denounce such unholy pretentions.
To those laws- did tneyofoki refer who maintained the Af-
lican trade Such tieaties did they cue, and not untruly,
for by one shameful compact you baitered the glories of
Blenheim for the tiaffic in blood. Yet, in despite of law
and of treaty, that infernal traflic is now deployed and its
votaries put to deatii hke othei pirates.
" How came this change to pass? Not assuredly by Par-
liament leading the way; but the country at length awoke;
the indignation of the people was kindled; itdesc<nided.m
thunder and smote the tratlic, and scatteied its guilty profits
to the winds.
"Now, thcu.letthe planters bewaie! Letthcirassemblies
beware! Tift the Government at home bewaie! Let the
Paihamontbevvaie! The same count! y is once more awake,
awake to the condition of negro slavery; the same indig-
nation kindles m the bosom ot the same people; the same
cloud is gathering that annihilated the slave trade ; and if
it shall descend again, they on whom its crash may fall will
not be destroyed before I have warned them ; but f pmv
that their destruction may turn away from us the nioie ter-
rible judgments of God."
Again,sir, Powel Buxton, in a speech made on
the same bill in the British Parliament, said:
"Is there no diffeience between a vested interest in a
house or a tenement and a vested interest in a human being?
no difference between a right to brick and moitarand a
right to the flesh of a man ? a right to tonnre hit, body and
to degrade his mind at your good will and pleasure? There
is tins difference : the right to the house originates in law,
and is reconcilable, to justice ; tin- claim—fur I will notcall
it a right—to the man originated in lobbeiy, and is an out-
lage upon every principle ot justice and eveiy tenet of re-
ligion."
Now, I will give to the Senator the declarations
of a <s madman" from Kentucky. Dr. Rice, in
his speech before the convention which framed
the constitution of that State, said:
" The owneis of slaves are licensed robbeis, and not the
ju-t proprietor.-, of what they claim : fleeing them is not de-
priving them of pi opcity, but restoring it to the right owner,
it i^suffenng the unlawful captive to escape." It is not
wiongmg the master, but doing justice to the clave, re-
storing him to hiniseh. Emancipation would only take
away pro port j that is its own propeity,and not ours; prop-
eitv'that luv> the same iighi to possess u? as w e li.ivi to
po^oss it; propeitj that h:i«s the v.nne right to convert oui
children into dogs and calves and colts, as we have to con-
veittheirs into hearts; propeity that may tiansler our chil-
dicn to strangers bj the dame right that we tian^fei thens/'
Mr. JOHNSON. When was thatspeecii made?
Before the emancipation of the negroes in the
West Indies'
Mr. DAVIS. That speech of Dr. Rice was
made in 1849.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean the speech of Lord
Brougham.
Mr. HALE. In 1830.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator tell me
whether Loid Brougham did not vote between
twenty and Unity million pounds sterling to pay
the slaveholders of the West Indies?
Mr. HALE, i have not the record of his votes
before me.
Mr. President, it is certainly true that the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, in the discourse
which he made on this subject, gave authorities
from the Supreme Court of the United States
sanctioning this claim. 1 known andl regret it;
but I will take this occasion to say that in my
humble judgment if there was one single, palpa-
ble, obvious duty that the Republican party owed
to themselves, owed to the country, owed to hu-
manity, owed to God when they came into power,
it was to drive a plowshare from turret to found-
ation stone of the Supreme Court of the United
States. They should have done it.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr. HALE. I cannot give way now. I am
not pleased with that fashion. I intend no dis-
courtesy; but I do not often speak to the Senate,
and when I do speak I piefer to speak and not to
have a dialogue.
Mr. DAVIS. I agree with you in that. ' '
Mr. HALE. I am glad you do.
I repeat, Mr. President, that the first and mo5t
obvious duty that the Republican party owed to
the country was to overturn that whole concern.
If that court had been what the fathers of the Con-
stitution intended it to be, we never should have
been where we are now. If Chief Justice Taney
could have remembered that he was a lawyer and
not a politician he would have had an influence
that would have prevented that monstrous per-
version of law and justice and the Constitution
which he pronounced in the Dred Scott case, and
which he illustrated by the remark that this peo-
ple had been considered as having no rights that
white men were ever bound to respect.
But, sir, in that time, in that hour, in that op-
portunity such as God rarely gives to a people or
a party, we utterly failed, • There was an oppor-
tunity to place some of our own fliends on the
bench, and we were so anxious to place them there,
as we had been shut out so long, that we failed
in that mostobviousduty, and the Presidentnom-
inated to us a number of gentlemen for seats on
that bench. I voted when I was in the Senate
(for I believe one of them was passed upon when
1 was not present) against the confirmation of
every one of them, not because I had the slightest
objection to them us individuals or as lawyers,
but because I was averse to the policy of un-
dertaking to build up and patch up that rotten
concern. I thought there was a clear warrant m
the Constitution of the United States for changing
the court. The Constitution provided that the
supreme judicial power should be vested in a Su-
preme Court and such other inferior courtsas Con-
gress might from time to time establish, clearly
indicating that they might establish a Supreme
Court and inferior courts, and if either of them
failed in carrying out the purposes which Con-
gress had in view, they might from time to time
establish another.
But, sir, the opportunity to place some of our
own friends on the bench was too tempting; these
gentlemen had friends, and they were nominated,
and in our hurry we confiimed them. I do not
know personally all those gentlemen. I take this
occasion to say of those whose acquaintance I
have made that I have been highly gratified with'
them. I believe some of them at least, those I
know, were put on the bench because they were
lawyers; and 1 know the policy that prevailed be-
fore this Administration came into power was to
put men there not because they were lawyers, but
because they were not lawyers, and in all human
probability never could be and certainly never
would be.
But, sir, in the justice of God, which is some-
times swifter than we think, we got a little retri-
bution there, for one of the first acts of these new
judges that you were in such a hurry to place on
the bench of the Supreme Comt was to decide
that we were not at war. Yes, sir, that is a ju-
dicial decision; that we arc not at war; but it is
something else; a riot, or something of that sort;
and the provisions of the Constitution applicable
to the case of war wee decided not to be appli-
cable to our present condition.
Well, sir, the time to change that court has gone
by, never to return again. When the old man of
the sea mounted on the shoulders of Sinbad the
sailor, I believe the book—it is some time since I
read it—records that every oppoitunity hegothe
made an attempt to throw him off, but he could
not, and the old man stuck there and worried the
sailor for a long time. Sir, when we had g,n op-
portunity to throw off this old man of the sea
after it had fastened itself upon this Republic, and
had fastened upon the country some of the most
odious and damnable doctrines that disgrace our
history, we failed to improve it, and we have now
got to hug U just as long as we exist; and God
only knows how long that will be. I hope for
some time to come.
Now, sir, I will address myself more particu-
