1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
not three fifths of what ours was by the census of
1800, while her debt way §1,800,000,000 greater
than ours will be in July, 1865. And incontract-
. ing this debt she was compelled to soil her bonds at
themostenonnous-sacufice. From 1792 to 1815
her debt was increased $3,000,000,000, and yet in
exchange for this amount of bond&she iccehed in
money but $1,730,000,000, thus submitting to a
discount of $1,270,000,000. In other words,
England, during the twenty-three years of con-
tinental war only realized on an average for the
whole period $100 in money in exchange for <>173
of her bonds. This, be it remembered, was the
average for the whole lime. As the contest waxed
desperate her sacrifices became desperate in pio-
portion, and the money which enabled her to
fight the decisive campaign of Waterloo was
obtained by selling her bonds to the European
bankers at less than fifty cents on the dollar.
Compared with this our sacrifices on our national
securities thus far have been light, not averaging
from the inception of the war to the present day,
with all elements of expenditure fairly estimated,
more than from twenty to twenty-five percent.,
reckoned on the gold basis.
To meet their enormous debt the British peo-
ple had nothing but the commeicial and industrial
resouices of the United Kingdom, whose whole
area is not double that of the single Slate of Mis-
souii. They had a population of but twenty
million, vis already stated, subject to no increase
from immigtation, and growing in halfn century
no moie than we have added during the last decade.
And yet on this leshicled area the enterpuse and
( nergy of ihe Biitish people have increased then
propeity until u is valued at£33,000,000,000; and
m detiance of the laige expenditmc resulting fiom
several cosily wars since 1815, they have actually
reduced their debt some three hundred million
dollars. Tin,n steady pi ogress in wealth under
their large debt is comprehended in the statement
that tho average propei ty per capita in 1815 was
less than five hundred dollars, and in 38fil about
eleven hundred dollars. In J815 some twenty-
five per cent, of all the earnings and income of
the people was absorbed in taxation, and in 1801
less than ten per cent, was taken for the same ob-
ject. In 1815 the pioportton of taxes per head
for the w hole people exceeded seventeen dollars,
and in 18G1 it had fallen below ten dollars.
These bi ief details of British experience show
how n great debt without being absolutely re-
duced to any considerable extent becomes rela-
tively lighter by the increased capacity to bear it.
The wealth per capitaof the entire population in
a period of forty-six yeais has more than doubled;
the aggregate property of the realm has more than
trebled; and all tins on a fixed atea of one hun-
dred and twenty thousand square miles and with
a population increasing at the slow rate of only
one pei cent, per annum. If such results can he
Wiought out by a kindled people against such
obstacles and lunderanc^s, what may we not hope
to accomplish under the auspicious circumstances
that sunound our own nation?
In the light of the national cxpenences wo have
lpeen glancing at we may clearly read our own
great future. It is not, indeed, a matter of sur-
mise or speculative queiy,but of well-founded
and confident calculation—a calculation which,
however sanguine it be made, will have its only
eirorin falling shoit of results actually to be re-
alized. The war closing in July, 1865, will leave
us in this condition: a nation numbeiing some
thirty-thiee million people, owning over sixteen
thousand millions of property, and carrying a
debt of §2,500,000,000. The proportion between
debt and property will be just about tho same that
it was when the Union was formed, while the iat:o
of our advance and the largely enhanced produc-
tiveness of agricultural, manufacturing, and com-
mercial pursuits, gives the present gcneiatiun an
advantage that r.endors it far less burdensome at
the very outset. And if tiie revolutionary debt
became in a very brief period so lightas to be un-
noticed, why may we not, with a vastly accele-
rated ratio of progress, assume a similar auspi-
cious result with regard to the debt we are now
contracting? Were our future advance in wealth
and population to be no more rapid than Great
Britain's has been since 1815, we should at the
close of the presentcentury have a population of
forty-five million souls, and a property amount-
ing to §50,000,000,000. Even upon this ratio of !
progress our entire debt would cease to be felt as
a burden. But upon the increase of population
and development of wealth to be so assuredly an-
ticipated, the debt would be so small m compari-
son with the total resources of the nation as to
become absolutely inconsiderable. Let us look
at the figures.
According to the estimates made in the report
of tho eighth census,and made with great care upon
very complete data, our population in the year
1900 will be one hundred millions. The property
of t he country dtu ing the last decade increased one
hundicd and twenty-six per cent.; our aggregate
wealth in 1850 being a trifle over §7,000,"000,000,
and m 18G0 exceeding §16,000,000,000. Some of
the States exhibited an almost fabulous progiess—
Iowa, the highest in ratio, gaining nine hundred
andfoity-two per cent., or nearly one hundred
per cent, per annum; and California, not far be-
hind her, making a gain of eight hundred and
thirty-eight per cent.; the average of all the
States being, as I have already stated, one hundred
and twenty-six percent. The aggregate addition
of wealth for the ten years was thus absolutely
larger than all that had been accumulated in the
country from the settlement of Jamestown and
Plymouth down to the year 3850. We can
hardly hope to maintain this emmnntis mtio for
each successive decade, but it is assuming very
much less than the average of the past would
justify to say that our property will increase in
double the ratio of our population. From 1790
to 1800 our population increased in all about
se\en hundicd per cent., while our property in-
crea.M d some twetity-MX hundred per cent., thus
showing an mciease of property nearly fourfold
greater than in population. A populntion of one
hundred million in A. D. 1900 implies an in-
crease of iwo bundled and ten per emit, on the
census of J8G0. Doubling the latio for increase
in pi operty gives us again of four hundred and
twenty pi>r cent., which would give a total valu-
ation at the time specified of $85,000,000,000, of
which vast amount our estimated national debt
would constitute only the trifling proportion
of three per cent. The embm rassmont to the
country under such circumstances would prove
as light as would a debt of $3,000 to an individ-
ual who had an otherwise unuienuibeir>d estate
of $100,000, the estate all the while rccetvmg a
steady increase of ten per certt. per annum.
Ail that I have said lias been based on the sup-
position of the debt remaining at a fixed sum, the
country simply paying the interest. As a matter
of fact, howevei, it is perfectly obvious that in
the progress and piospenty of the future one of
our fiist acts will be to provide for the gradual but
absolute redemption of the principal. That this
will be consummated without oppressively add-
ing to the annual buulen of taxes m \y he in-
frared with certainty fiom a slight examination
of our capacity to make increased payments pro-
portioned to our men jwed amount of consoli-
dated wealth. The time of redemption will depend
wholly on the W;H of the, taxpayers; but it is
quite evident that the condition of the country
may justify its being done as rapidly as Mr.
Hamilton proposed to redeem the debt which
he funded, in jTOO. The period assigned by him
j was thirty-five years, and so well based weie
his c.tlcuialions that the entire debt, augmented
laigejy and unexpectedly as it was by the warof
1812, wns paid in f>rty-f<>ur years from the date
of funding, and m 1834 tho United States found
itsHf owirg but $37,000.
To those who may be disposed to doubt the
future pi ogress of our counrry according to the
ratio assumed, a few familiar considerations in t e-
spect to oui resouices may be recalled with ad-
vantage. We occupy a teriitory at least three
million square miles m extent; within a fraction
as laige as the whole of Europe. Our habitable
and cultivable area is indeed larger than that of
all Europe, to say nothing of the superior fertility
and general productiveness of our soil. So vast
is our extent that though we may glibly repeat
its numerical measure, we find it most difficult to
form any just conception of it. The State of
Texas alone is equal in size to"* the empire ot
France and the kingdom of Portugal united; and jj
yet these two monatehies support a population of |j
forty millions, while Texas has but six hundred ||
thousand inhabitants. Or, if we wish for a com- j!
paiauvc measure nearer home, let me state that
the area of Texas is greater than that of the'six
New England States together with New York
and New Jersey and Pennsylvania and Ohio and
Indiana all combined. California, the second
State in size, is equal in extent to the kingdom of
Spain and the kingdom of Belgium together.
Spain and Belgium have twenty million people,
while California has not half a million. And wo
might pursue this species of comparison almost
indefinitely, clearly showing that in capacity and
assured destiny our individual States, if peaceful -
and united, are to become as wealthy, as popu-
lous, and as powerful as the separate great^na-
tionsof Europe. Mere territorial extent does not
of course imply future greatness, though it is one
great requisite to it. And in our case it is so vast
an element that we may be pardoned for dwelling
on it with emphasis and iteration. The land that
is still in tho hands of our Government, not sold,
nor even preempted, amounts to a thousand mil-
lion acres, an extent of territory thirteen times as
large as Great Britain, and equal in area to all the
kingdoms of Europe, with Russia and Tuikey
alone excepted.
And with tins almost limitless expanse of ter-
ritory we have associated facilities for the acqui-
sition and consolidation of wealth, varied, mag-
nificent, and immeasurable. ,0ur agricultural
resources, bounteous and boundless by nature;
are, by the application of mechanical skill and'
labor-saving machinery, receiving a development
each decade which a century in the past would
have failed to secure,and which a century in the
future will place beyond all present power of com-
putation—giving us so far tho lead m the pi oduc-
tion of those staple articles essential to life and
civilization that we become the at biter of the
world destiny without aiming at the world's em-
pire. The single State of Illinois cultivated to its
capacity can produce as large a crop of cereals as
has ever been grown within the limits of the Uni-
ted States, while Texas, if peopled ljut half as
densely as Maryland even, could give an annual
return of cotton laiger than the largest, that has
ever been grown in all Hie cotton States together.
Our facilities for commerce and exchange, both
domestic and foreign, who shall rneasuie them?
By ocean, by lake, by our marvelous and unlim-
ited flow of navigable streams, by canal, by our
network of railroads more than thirty thousand
miles in extent, greater than the railroads of all
Europe and all the world besides, these give us
avenues of trade and channels of communication
both natural and ai tificial such as no other nation
has ever enjoyed, and tending to the production
of wealth with a rapidity not to be measured by
any standaid of the past. The enormous field
for manufactuiing industry in all its complex and
endless variety, with our raw material,mil won-
derful motke-power both by water and steam,
our healthful climate, our cheap carnage, our
home consumption, our foreign demand, all com-
bining to build up a unfile wiiose magnitude and
whose profit will in no long petiod surpass the
gigantic industrial system ot Great Britain, witeie
to-day the cunning hands of ten million aitisans
accomplish, with mechanical aid, the work of six
hundred million men. Oui min^a of gold and
silverand iron and « opperand lead and coal, with
their untold and unimaginable wealth spread over
millions of acres of territory, m the va!iey, on the
mountain wide, along) i vei s,y add ing a heady a rich
has veal, and destined to increase a thousand fold*
until their every-day treasures,
iK F.mriiiai invw (j,
Shall leahze Ouewt-'^ tabled \s i .ilUi." s
These aie the great elenn nts of material prog-
ress; and they comprehend ihe entne circle of
human enteipwse—ai;ncultuie, commerce, man-
ufactures, mining. They at>sme to us a growth
in property and population that will surpass the
most sanguine deductions of our census tables,
framed as those tables are upon the tatios and re-
lations of our progress in the past. They give
into our hands, under the blessing of Almighty
God, the power to command our fate as a nation.
They hold out to us (he grandest future reserved
for any people; and with this promise they teach
us the lesson of patience, and make confidence
and fortitude a duty. With such amplitude and
affluence of lesources, and with such avast stake
at issue, we should be unworthy of our lineage
and our inheritance if we f^r one moment dis-
trusted our ability to maintain ourselves a united
