754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
la* ly to the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
I make these remarks general in their applicaticAi
to everybody that gets up here and tells me that
property can be held in slaves, and quotes these
ola decisions. My reason to them is, that the
times of this ignorance God winked at, but now
commands all men everywhere to repent.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, in the commencement of his speech,
dwelt in sad retrospects as he contemplated the
past history of our country and mourned over
: those days that he feared had departed forever.
Though that was eloquent, it was not original;
and it has been the lot-
Mr. DAVIS. Can you tell me anything that
is original?
Mr. HALE. Yes; your mode of discussing
the question for two or three days past was ori-
ginal. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Your mode of preaching here is
original too.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, he la-
mented those days of the past that had gone, he
feared, never to return. Let me read his words;
I do not want to do him injustice:
" ft ee^ms to me that the decline of the great Republic
bascominciiced in its early imirmluuty, and has progresses
and is progressing with a rapidity beyond all precedent. I
never indulged the dream that It could be immortal, per-
petual; but I clung to the faith (hat it would have its pe-
riods of active youth, of vigorous manhood, and sound old
use; and tlmt each period would be mea&uied by centu-
ries."
The Senator from Kentucky seems always to
mourn over the past, and lament the degeneracy
of the present, and give way to gloomy thoughts
at the prospects of the future, it is nothing new
to the Senator from Kentucky. Let me tell the
honorable Senator he entirely mistakes the day
and the hour in which he lives, the contest in
which the country is engaged, the condition of
the country, and the traits of character which she
has exhibited. In my humble judgment, when
this war ia over, as over it will be when the im-
partial pen of history shall write these events,
and posterity shall dwell upon the record which
we are this day making, this day, this hour,and
this emergency over which the Senator from
Kentucky laments so much will be set down as
the golden day of the Republic, as the day when
she displayed such traits of heroism, of real sclf-
devoteu patriotism, of self-forgetting and manly
sacrifice of everything for the good of country, as
was never before witnessed in the history of this
nation or any other.
Sir, there have been instances, not a few nor
confined to any particular section of the country,
that do honor to human nature. The youngand
the gifted, occupying high social positions, turn-
ing their backs upon all the allurements of wealth,
the endearments of the domestic circle, the invi-
tations of ambition, and all that men most deem
worth living for, have gone out with a heroism,
with a devotion, with a piety such as the world
iiuvcrsaw before, and devoted themselves willing-
ly with their hearts' blood upon the altar of their
country salvation. And let me tell that Sena-
tor this shall not be lost. In the economy of
God, such sacrifices as these never are Jost. No,
sir; every generous and noble sacrifice that has
thus been made upon the altar of our country
shall tell in the future condition of our country
fur ages to come. They shall never be lost.
Again, sir, the Senator complains that the Pres-
ident and that the party in power have changed
their purposes. I do not stand here to say that
it is not «o; but let me tell the Senator and the
country that is the law of every revolution, of
every such contest. How was it in the American
Revolution? What did out fathers start for ? For
revolution and for severance from their depend-
ence upon the British Crown? No such thing.
They sought constitutional liberty, and they re-
pelled the idea that they were governed by a de-
sire for independence or for separation from the
British Crown as afoul libel upon their motives.
They sought constitutional liberty under the pro-
tection of the British constitution. They desired
that; but when they could not get it they were
driven by the force ofcircumstances in toopposition
to the British Crown, and they took separation,
not because they sought it originally, not because
they desited it, but because it was impossible to
attain the great end they had in view without
"iaicijig it, and they took it «« an alternative that
they had no idea in the beginning of being pressed
to.
Such has been the history of all revolutions.
Men begin on a certain course of conduct, but
events throw themselves in their way and they
are molded and carried along by the course of
these events. The part of true wisdom is for
statesmen to conform themselves to the existing
condition of things. I have no doubt that when
the rebellion commenced, Mr. Lincoln and the
Republican party and all those that undertook to
defend the country and preserve and maintain its
life were sincere, honest, and earnest in their pro-
fessions to leave existing things as they found
them. But, sir, they could not doit. They found
as the war progressed that slavery was the giant
that stood in their way. They saw that slavery
obstructed their efforts to preserve, maintain, and
defend the nation's life, and they said, " If that
is the alternative and it comes to this, that slavery
or the nation must die, let slavery die.5' This is
all they have said. That is all they probably in-
tended or thought of; and in saying that, they
have said what they must have said or else have
given up the contest. That is everything which
can be said of Mr. Lincoln and the party that
cooperates with him. They have simply con-
formed themselves in this gigantic struggle to the
s'tate of things which they found existing around
them.
But, sir, the Senator, not content with that, goes
on to make another charge. He says that the
party in power have formed a most successful
scheme for the overthrow of the liberties of their
country. He does not state it as an incident of
their policy, but as the intent. It is hardly ne-
cessaryHo spend much time on that; but if it be
not denied it may be reiterated and repeated so
often that it may go out for true. I deny it ut-
terly.
There is another remark of the Senator to which
I desire to call particular attention, it is this:
" I have never feared nor have I now the lea«t apprehen-
sion of the permanent oveithrow of free institutions any-
where in the United Stales by Jefferson Davis and his gov-
ernment; hut 1 am beset by the gloomiest apprehensions
that if Mr. Lincoln is reelected, or some other man having
his principles, policy, and schemc of government should be
his successor, they will pet ish by linn and his government,
or by fctrongei men who will rise up and tluust them from
ihcir places."
Sir, that is nothing new. You may read the
resolutions of the party in opposition to the pres-
ent party in powei during the canvasses of the
elections that have taken place m the last year, and
you may begin with the State of Maine and follow
them up and go just as far as you find them, in
Ohio and in every State in the Union where they
organized, and you will find that is just exactly
the tenor of their resolutions. They had not a
word of condemnation or of reproach or of cen-
sure or of reproof for the rebels or the rebellion.
They did not even recognize the existence of
the rebellion. I remember, sir, a leading Demo-
cratic journal in the State of Maine was put into
my hand, and it had in it a programme of what
the Democratic party of the State of Maine in-
tended to do if they were restored to power. I
think there were eleven distinct propositions, and
every solitary one of them looked to hampering
and harassing their own Government, not a sol-
itary one in regard to the rebellion. They hud
denunciations in abundance for Mr. Lincoln, not
one for Jeff. Davis. They were on the same key-
note with the speech of the Senator from Kentucky
without exception. Read the resolutions of that
party for the pastyearto a stranger knowing noth-
ing of the history of the country except what he
can get from their resolutions, and he would inevi-
tably come to the conclusion that it was Mr. Lin-
t coin and his friends that took Fort Sumter. The
idea that it was their friends or that the seces-
sionists had anything to do with it never would
pieyent itself. They would inevitably come to the
conclusion that it was Mr. Lincoln who had sent
war and desolation and bloodshed over the land,
and that it was the duty of patriots and patriot-
ism not to move a hand to oppose the rebellion,
but to lend all their energies and agencies to the
putting down of Mr. Lincoln and his Adminis-
tration.
That has been the tenor of certain party papers
in this country from the beginning. They had
all their sympathies with rebels and the rebellion.
AH their denunciation ajid condemnation and re-
proof and reproach have been heaped upon the
head of Mr. Lincoln. Sir, I am no glorifier of
Mr. Lincoln or anybody else. I stand here a free
man and a free Senator, ready to do justice to
everybody; but 1 will say of Mr. Lincoln, let
him have committed whatever mistakes he may
—and i think he has committed some—1 believe
that a man more honestand a more patriotic man
never was in power in this or any other country.
That he has sometimes had men around him who
were not up entirely to his own standard I be-
lieve; and that is one of Mr. Lincoln's weak-
nesses. He gets sometimes bad men around him,
sometimes pretty near to him, and it requires a
very great effort for a man of his good nature and
pure purpose to get nerve enough to cut them off
and drop them and let them go. I believe it would
have been the part of policy, of a wise policy, of
a patriotic, sagacious statesmanship, when he
came into power to make a prety/clean swfeep of
those gentlemen that had been *®ting and roost-
ing in those Departments here for generations. I
believe the country would have been vastly better
for it. He did not exactly think so, and he has
not thought so yet.
But, sir, of his purity, of his patriotism, of his
sincere and earnest and honestand zealous desire
to bring this war to a speedy and an honorable
end, I do not believe there is one man in a mil-
lion in the free States that has the slightest doubt
in the world. It is a good deal in this country to
get a man of whom that may be said; and espe-
cially when we reflect what kind of men at other
times have ruled over the destinies of some other
countries, to say nothing of our own, I think it
is a very great point gained to have in the chair
of State a man of such purity of character and
such singleness of purpose. The idea that there
should be in his character what the Senator from
Kentucky says, the wiliness and the cowardice
of the serpent, I think will fill the country with
an abhorrence equal to that with which it would
have been filled if he had accused him of any of
the most odious crimes that could be committed.
The assigning of the character of the greatest
felon in a penitentiary in this land to the Presi-
dent would not have created a greater shock in
the minds of the public than have the accusations
which have been made against him in the speech
of the Senator from Kentucky to which I have
alluded.
Mr. President, I fear that I am repeating what
I ha.e said before. I fear we do not appreciate
even yet the tremendous issues which arc in-
volved in the contest in which we are now en-
gaged. I believe myself it is the contest of ages,
t believe that the effects of all past history are
culminating to their consequences in the result of
the experiment that we are now making. I be-
lieve that we are settling the question of free gov-
ernment for ourselves, for posterity, and for all
time; and though it costs us much, very much,
much treasure and much blood, I believe that the
end we shall reach and attain to will more than
compensate us for it all. I believe that those who
mourn, as no others do, for the loved and the lost,
those who see vacant y ats around the domestic
board, those who have been called to sacrifice the
joy and the pride of their hearts, when the com-
pensation we are contending for shall be obtained,
even they will rejoice at the price thatProvidence
permitted them to pay for the great boon that will
come to this nation.
Sir, let us not despair. It is a doctrine of reve-
lation, and it is a doctrine of human experience,
true in all conditions, that without the shedding
of blood there is no remission, that great bless-
ings do not come to us without strife and contest
an J blood. If it was a partof the divine economy
that the great boon of Christian civilization could
not be attained for the race without the shedding
of the precious blood of the Son of God, let us
not arraign Providence if He vouchsafes to us
national salvation at the price of the blood of our
dearest and best friends.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
propose to discuss any of the interesting consti-
tutional questions that have been raised here, nor
do I propose to go into a general discussion of
the subject of slavery and emancipation. I rise
simply to state to the Senate the condition in which
I understand this question to be, and to give the
reason for my own action.
The draft ia to take place on the lOfeh day   f
