2776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. WILSON. Does that include any arrange-
ment by which the vote shall be taken?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. WILSON. What effect will that have on
the order of the House in relation to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution in reference to the
amendment of the Constitution?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be that the
bill will be debated on Monday, and on Monday
evening, if there beanevening session,and if not
disposed of, it will then come up again after the
joint resolution in relation to the constitutional
amendment shall be disposed of.
Mr. ANCONA. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
certain petitions and resolutions, reported a bill
to detach the counties of Calhoun and Branch
from the western judicial district, and to annex
the same to the eastern judicial district for the
State of Michigan, which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I wish to say a
few words on that measure. It is one about which
the delegation were divided.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Let the bill be
read.
The Clerk read the bill.
The first section provides for detaching the
counties of Calhoun and Branch in the State of
Michigan from the western judicial district, and
annexing them to the eastern judicial district of
thatStaUi, The second section provides that this
act shall not affect in any manner any suit or
proceeding now ponding in the court of the west-
ern judicial district, but that the same shall be
proceeded in and determined m said court in the
same manner as if this act had not been passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, i intend to
move the previous question on the bill; but lie-
fore doing ho, will yield for a few moments to tin;
gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. It is well
known to the older members of the House that
the State of Michigan \\ras divided into two judi-
cial districts, I think about two years ago, and
this is a proposition to detach two counties from
one of the districts and transfer them to the other.
The petitioner no doubt think they have good
reasons for asking (his change, and I am not dis-
posed to comment on them or to consume the
time of the House; but I think I ho reasons that
ihey allege can he answered satisfactorily, per-
haps, to them before another session of Congress.
I therefore move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill iiil the second Tuesday in
December next, when I will not object to its pas-
sage, unless tin; petitioners are satisfied in the
mean time with the present arrangement.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I cannot yield
to the gentleman to make the motion to postpone.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Then 1 hope
the lull will be voted down.
Mr, fJPSON. 1 hope not.
Air. MORRIS, of New York. I move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. KELLOGG, (4" Michigan. I move to lay
the bill upon the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
30, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Air. UPSON. I ask my colleague to withdraw
his motion for a moment to allow me to make a
statement.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I will with-
diaw it for a moment.
Mr. UPSON. 1 wish to slate that these two
counties, m one of which 1 reside and the other
of which is a little north of that, were plaa d m
the western judicial district without their knowl-
edge and without their being consulted. Theii
business relations are wholly with the city of De-
troit, and the people of the counties have to pass
through Detroit in order to get to Grand Rapids,
which is the seat of justice of the western district.
Air. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman answer me this question: was there
any necessity whatever for creating that additional
district last Oongre.
Air. UPSON. My colleague [Mr. Kkllogg]
c n answer rltnt qur-jhnn. 1 do not want to in-
terfere with H any fmtker than to have these two
counties put back in the eastern district, as the
inhabitants desire. The board of supervisors of
the county of Branch unanimously requested me
to hnve it done; and more than seven hundred
and fifty electors of the county have petitioned for
that course to be taken. I am informed by my
colleague from the fourth district [Mr. Long-
year] that a similar application has been made
by the people of Calhoun county. There can be
no injury done by this to the people of the west-
ern district, and it will be simple justice to the
two counties in question. They lie, the one on
the Central road and the other on the Southern
road, and are in immediate communication with
Detroit, where they can go and attend to their
business in half the time they could go to the
western district. It is a matter of simple justice
to them that this bill be passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I withdraw
the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMIRALTY PROCEEDINGS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 184)
to facilitate proceedings in admiralty and other
judicial proceedings in the portof New York, and
for other purposes.
Mr. DAVIS,of New York. I desire to move
that the bill be postponed till some day in De-
cember next, if my colleague will yield for that
purpose.
Air. MORRIS, of New Yoik. I will not yield
for that pui pose. I am willing to consent to its
postponement for some days, in order that the
gentlemen from New York [Messis. Kalb-
n.Kisen and Odicli,] who represent the city of
Brooklyn may be piesent. They are not now
in their seats. Their constituents are interested
in this measure. I am willing, theiefore, to con-
sent to a postponement for a week or ten days.
I make the motion that it be postponed for ten
days.
Mr. WASIIIJURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by postponing it to the third Tuesday in
December.
Air. COX. I will help my friend from Illinois
on that.
Mr. WASI ILiURNE, of Illinois. That is
right. {Laughter.]
Mr. FENTON. I suggest that the bill be post-
poned to two weeks fiom to-day.
Mr. MORRIS, of New Yoik. I am willing
to modify my motion in that way.
Air. GANSON. 1 suggest to my colleague
that one of the Representatives fiom Ihooklyn
to whom he has referred is now in the House.
Mi. WAS1IRIJ1LNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I move the pre-
vious question on the motion to postpone for two
weeks.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was postponed for two weeks and ordeied
to be printed
Mr. EARNSWORTII moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was postponed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Air. DAVIS, of Alary land, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
New York concluded his reports from the Judi-
ciary Committee?
Air. MORRIS, of New York. I was about to
remark that I have one bill more to report; but I
notice that the member from Oregon who is in-
terested in it is notnovv in hisseat, and I propose to
withhold it, and to yield for a moment to my col-
league, [Air. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the .Tmhciary
j uumuttco lias concluded its business, 1 claim the
\ floor,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alary-
land has been recognized by the Chair.
EUROPEAN INTERVENTION IN MEXICO.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask leave to re-
port from the Committee on Foreign Affairs on
the correspondence referred to it the other day.
Air. ARNOLD. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maryland to withhold the report until my
colleague, [Mr. Pomeroy,] who is a member of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, may be pres-
ent. I know that he takes great interest in the
question. I hope the report will not be made to-
day.
Mr. COX. Allow me to say in response to the
gentleman from New York that my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Pomeroy] is anxious to have
this report printed,but wants to have it debated.
We do not propose to take it up and adopt it now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Ohio that a motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona. AugustusC. Baldwin,
Cox, Henry Winter Davi>, Dawson, Eden, Fduerion, Mid -
rid^o, Finek, Ganson, G.ufield, Grnlei, Gre>wold, Haiduifr,
Hamilton,Chatles M. Hams, llernck, Uolm.tn, Jenekes,
Km#, Kiiiipp, Lu'/eju, L« Blond, Lonii, Matlmy, Marey,
.lames It. Moms, Morrison, Noble,Odell, Oitli, Pendleton,
I'eiry, Robinson, Ross, Scott, Sp.ildniij, Stiouse, Sweat,
Wad"*worth, Ohilton A. White, ami Jo>eph W. White—K<.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Ames, Arnold, Baily, John J).
Raldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Pnoomall, Am-
brose. W. Clark, Fieeinan Oaike, Cobb, Ooftroth, role,
Thomas T. D.ivi*, Dawes Dixori, Donnelly, Driir#-', Flint,
Fam -worth, Fen ton, Fiank, Gooeb, Gunnel I, Hale, ilotoh-
ki^. John II. Huhbanl, I nun-oil, Keiiey, Oi l.tndo Kelloi^,
LittU'jolui, Lontrw.u, Marvin, Samu< I F. Miliar, D'uikI
Morris, Amo< iVIyer-, Charles O'Will, Patterson, Poihnni,
Pi ice, Alexander if. Riee, John II. Kiee, I'dw.ud IJ llol-
lin-i, Summon, Smtthers, Tliayer, Tiaey, Upson, Elihu B.
Wa-hbnmc, William B Washburn, Whaley, WiUon, aiul
Windom—53.
So the rules vmrc not suspended.
THANKS TO COLONEL BAILEY.
On motion of Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous con-
sent, the Senate joint resolution (No. GO) tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Colonel
Joseph Bailey, of the fourth regiment of Wiscon-
sin volunteers, was taken from the Speaker's
table, received its several readings, and unani-
mously passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to iay the motion to reconsah r on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous
consent, Thursday of next week was set apart
for the consideration of the business of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
BUSINESS ON Till!) SPEAKER^ TA1!LF>.
Mr. REAM AN moved to proceed to business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The hills on the Speaker's table were then taken
up and disposed of m their order, as follows:
RELEASE FROM ATTACHMENT.
House hill No. 355, to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to stipulate for the release fiom
attachment on Government process of property
claimed by the United States, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment of the Senate thereto,
was taken fiom the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELIOT. * I move that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate".
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House concurred in the Senate amend-
ment; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIT11D11A YT A1 J 01? GOODS PllOM PUBLIC STORES.
An act (S. No. 28^) to amend an act "untied
"An ;h-i to i.x'i'ixl the t wie lor the wiihdiawni of
£ood? from the public and bonded veae-
