172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3 j
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
est on the bonds which it shall have so trans-
ferred to the Treasurer; but such powers shall
become inoperative whenever such banking asso-
ciation shall fail to redeem its circulating notes
as aforesaid. W henever the market or cash vMue
of any bonds deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States, as aforesaid, shall be reduced below
the amount of the circulation issued for the same,
the Comptroller of the Currency is hereby au-
thorized to demand and receive the amount of
such depreciation in other United States bonds
at cash value, or in money, from the association
receiving said bills, to be deposited with the
Treasurer of the United States as long as such
depreciation continues. And said Comptroller,
upon the terms prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, may permit an exchange to be made of
any of the bonds deposited with the Treasurer
by an association for other bonds of the United
States authorized by this act to be received as
security for circulating notes, if he shall be of'
opinion that such an exchange can be made with-
out prejudice to the United States, and he may
direct the return of any of said bonds to the bank-
ing association which transferred the same, in
sums of not less than one thousand dollars, upon
the surrender to him and the cancellation of a
proportionate amount of such circulating notes:
Provided, That the remaining bonds which shall
have been transferred by the banking association
offering to surrender circulating notes shall be
equal to the amount required for the circulating
notes not surrendered by such banking associa-
tion, and that the amount of bonds in the hands
of the Treasurer shall not be diminished below
the amount required to be kept on deposit with
him by this act: Jlnd provided, That there shall
have bean no failure by such association to re-
deem its circulating notes, and no other violation
by such association of the provisions of this net,
and that the market or cash value of the remain-
ing bonds shall not be below the amount required
for the circulation issued for the same.
Sec. 27. Jlnd he it further enacted, That it shall
be unlawful for any officer acting under the pro-
visions of this act to countersign or deliver to
any association, or to any other company or per-
son, any circulating notes contemplated by this
act, except as hereinbefore provided, and in ac-
cordance with the true intent and meaning of this
act. And any officer who shall violate the pro-
visions of this section shall lie deemed guilty of
a high misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof
shall be punished by fine not exceeding double
the amount so countersigned and delivered, and
imprisonment not less than one year and not ex-
ceeding fifteen years, at the discretion of the court
in which he shall be tried.
Sec. 28. .ind be ilfarther enacted, That it shall
be lawful for any such association to purchase,
hold, and convey real estate as follows:
first, fe'ueh as shall be necessary for its imme-
diate accommodation in the transaction of its
business.
Second. Such as shall be mortgaged to it in
good fliith by way of security for debts previously
contracted.
Thiid. Such as shall be conveyed to it in sat-
isfaction of debts previously contracted in the
course of its dealings.
Fourth. Such as itshall purchase at sales under
judgments, decrees, or mortgages held by such
association, or shall purchase to secure debts due
to said association.
Such association shall not purchase or hold real
estate in any other case or for any other purpose
than as specified in this section. Nor shall it
hole! the possession of any real estate under mort-
gage, or hold the title and possession of any real
estate purchased to secme any debts due to it for
a longer period than five years.
Sec. 29. Jindbe it farther enacted, Thatthetotal
liabilities to any association, of any person, or of
any company, coiporation, or firm for money
borrowed, including in the liabilities of a com-
pany or firm the liabilities of the several members
tlieieof, shall at no time exceed one tenth part of
the amount of the capital stock of such association
actually paid in: Provided, That the discount of
bona iide bills of exchange drawn against actually
existing values, and the discount of commercial
or business paper actually owned by the person
or persons, corporation, or firm negotiating the
same shall not be considered as money borrowed.
Sec. 30. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
association may take, receive, reserve, and charge
on any loan or discount made, or upon any note,
bill of exchange, or other evidences of debt, in-
terest at the rate allowed by the laws of the State
or Territory where the bank is located, and no
more, except that where by the laws of any State
a different rate is limited for banks of issue or-
ganized under State laws, the rate so limited shall
be allowed for associations organized in any such
State under this act. And when no rate is fixed
by the laws of the State or Territory, the bank
may take, receive, reserve, or charge a rate not
exceeding seven per centum, and such interest
may be taken in advance, reckoning the days for
which the note, bill, or other evidence of debt
has to run. And the knowingly taking, receiv-
ing, reserving, or charging a rate of interest
greater than aforesaid shall be held and adjudged
a forfeiture of the entire interest which the note,
bill, or other evidence of debt carries with it, or
which has been agreed to be paid thereon. And
in case a greater rate of interest has been paid,
the person or persons paying the same, or then-
legal representatives, may recover back, in any
action of debt, twice the amount of the interest
thus paid from the association taking or receiving
the same: Provided, That such action is com-
menced within two years from the time the usu-
rious transaction occurred. But the purchase,
discount, or sale of a bona fide bill of exchange,
payable at another place than the place of such
purchase, discount, or sale, at not more than the
current rate of exchange for sight drafts in addi-
tion to the interest, shall not be considered as
taking or receiving a greater rate of interest.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That every
association in the cities hereinafter named shall,
nt all times, have on hand, in lawful money of
the United States, an amount equal to at least
twenty-five per centum of the aggregate amount
of its notes m circulation and its deposits; and
every other association shall, at all times, have
on hand, in lawful money of the United States,
an amount equal to at least fifteen per centum of
the aggregate amount of its notes in circulation
and of its deposits. And whenever the lawful
money of any association in any of the cities
hereinafter named shall be below the amount of
twenty-five per centum of its circulation and de-
posits, and whenever the lawful money of any
other association shall be below fifteen per centum
of its circulation and deposits, such associations
shall not increase its liabilities by making any
new loans or discounts otherwise than by dis-
counting or purchasing bills of exchange payable
at sight, nor make any dividend of its profits until
the required proportion between the aggregate
amount of its outstanding notes of circulation and
deposits and its lawful money of the United States
shall be restored: Provided, That three fifths of
said fifteen per centum may consist of balances
due to an association available for the redemption
of its circulating notes from associations approved
by the Comptroller of the Currency, organized
under this act, in thecitiesof SaintLouis, Louis-
ville, Chicago, Detroit, Milwaukee,New Orleans,
Cincinnati, Cleveland, Pittsburg, Baltimore, Phil-
adelphia, Boston, New York, Albany, Leaven-
worth, San Francisco, and Washington city:
Provided, also, That clearing-house certificates,
representing specie or lawful money specially
deposited for the purpose of any clearing-house
association, shall be deemed to be lawful money
in the possession of any association belonging to
such clearing-house holding and owning such
certificate, and shall be considered to be a part of
the lawful money which such association is re-
quired to have under the foregoing provisions of
this section: Provided, That the cities of Charles-
ton and Richmond may bo added to the list of
cities in the national associations of which other
associations may keep three fifths of their lawful
money, whenever, in the opinion of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, the condition of the south-
ern States will warrant it. And it shall be com-
petent for the Comptroller of the Currency to
notify any association, whose lawful money re-
serve as aforesaid shall be below the amount to
be kept on hand as aforesaid,to make good such
reserve; and if such association shall fail for thirty
days thereafter so to make good its reserve of
lawful money of the United States, the Comp-
troller may, with the concurrence of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, appoint a receiver to wind
up the business of such association, as provided
in this act.
Sec. 32. Jindbe it further enacted, That each
association organized m any of the cities named
in the foregoing section shall select, subject to the
approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, an
association in the city of New York, at which it
will redeem its circulating notes at par. And
each of such associations may keep one half of
its lawful money reserve in cash deposits in the
city of New York. And each association not
organized within the cities named in the preced-
ing section shall select, subject to the approval of
the Comptroller of the Currency, an association
in either of the cities named in the preceding
section at which it will redeem its circulating
notes at par, and the Comptroller shall give pub-
lic notice of the names of the associations so se-
lected at which redemptions are to be made by
the respective associations, ^tnd of any change
that may be made of the association at which the
notes of any association are redeemed. If any
association shall fail either to make the selection
or to redeem its notes as aforesaid, the Comp-
troller of the Currency may, upon receiving sat-
isfactory evidence thereof, appoint a receiver, in
the manner provided for in this act, to wind up
its affairs: Provided, That nothing in this section
shall relieve any association from its liability to
redeem its circulating notes at its own counter,
at par, in lawful money, on demand: Jlnd provided
further, That every association formed or exist-
ing under the provisions of this act shall take and
receive at par, for any debt or liability to said
association, any and all notes or bills issued by
any association existing under and by virtue of
this act.
Sec. 33. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the
directors of any association may, semi-annually,
each year, declare a dividend of so much of the
net profits of the association as they shall judge
expedient; but each association shall, before the
declaration of a dividend, carry one tenth part
of its net profits of the preceding half year to
its Surplus fund until the same shall amount to
twenty per centum of its capital stock.
Sec. 34. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
association shall make to the Comptroller of the
Currency a report, according to the form which
may be prescribed by him, verified by the oath
or affirmation of the president or cashier of such
association; which report shall exhibit in detail,
and under appropriate heads, the resources and
liabilities of the association before the commence-
ment of business on the morning of the first"
Monday of the months of January, April, July,
and October of each year, and shall transmit the
same to the Comptroller within five days there-
after. And any bank failing to make and trans-
mit such report shall be subject to apenalty of one
hundred dollars for each day after five days that
such report is delayed beyond that time. And
the Comptroller shall publish abstracts of said
reports in a newspaper to be designated by him
for that purpose in the city of Washington, and
the separate report of each association shall be
published in a newspaper in the placc where such
association is established, or if there be no news-
paper at such place, then in a newspaper pub-
lished at the nearest place thereto, at the expense
of the association making such report. In addi-
tion to the. quaiterly reports required by this sec-
tion, every association shall, on thefirstTuesday
of each month, make to the Comptroller of the
Currency a statement, under the oath of the pres-
ident or cashier, showing the condition of the as-
sociation makmgsuch statement, on the morning
of the day next preceding the date of such state-
ment, in respect to the following items and par-
ticulars, to wit: average amount of loans and dis-
counts, specie, and other lawful money belonging
to the association, deposits, and circulation. A ml
associations in other places than those cities named
m the thirty-first section of this act shall also re-
turn the amount due them available fur the ic-
dempnon of their circulation.
Sec. 35. Jlnd be it further enacted, That 110
