1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
'1801:
might have a (laughter who might marry a man
of the nameof Thompson,and he might spell his
name with a p, and they might keep house and
want a door-plate, and then how handy it would
be to have it in the house. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, we have been told a great many times
in the course of this session that this Government
has already as much upon its shoulders as it can
conveniently carry along just now. If this claim
of Pennsylvania is allowed there is no reason why
similar claims of other States should not also be al-
lowed; and 1 really think that Pennsylvanin,Ohio,
Maryland, and Massachusetts can afford to set an
example to the other creditors of the Government
of waiting—a patriotic example of waiting until
that time shall come when, by a system of fund-
ing, which my friend from Maine will then have
had an opportunity to elaborate more clearly and
deliberate upon more calmly and good-naturedly
than he has been able to do to-night—then, at
some time in the future, when we shall have
brought the ship out from among these breakers,
then Pennsylvania may come up to the Treasury
of the United States and say that we have recog-
nized the justice of her claim, but not being able
to pay it, she has waited until the great trouble
was over, and now demands that hor claim shall
be audited and settled by the Treasuiy; that there
were claims upon you, that the rebels had drawn
so largely upon your life-blood aryl upon your re-
sources that there was nothing left for you but to
husband them all for the support of your armies
in the field and your navy upon the sea; and that
she, recognizing this, the Keystone State of this
great arch, would set an example to all the States
of waiting till more desirable season.
I say nothing in disparagement of tho claim.
What I have sanl has boon said in justification of
it, for 1 see very plainly how it can have atisen
in great justice, and how it can lack the vouchers
which the stringent rules of the Treasury have
required, and I Know that there are other claims
situated exactly like tins. But I submit to Penn-
sylvania and to all the States, that we had better
nut spend our time, much less had we better
divert the $15,000,000 embraced m the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, at this critical
period, when there are other demands pressing
upon us of far greater importance.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I had hoped
that when the consideration of this subject should
be resumed it would be approached in a very dif-
ferent spiut, and be met with much more firmness
than seems to have characterized the remarks of
gentlemen who have discussed it this evening. 1
am unwilling, sn, that the delegation fiom the
State of Pennsylvania, on this side of the House,
should be left without an unqualified and candid
enunciation of their position upon this question,
i had supposed that when this proposition was
announced by my honorable and venerable col-
s league upon the other side of the House, [Mr.
Stevens,] as an appropriation asked for and rec-
ommended upon the basis of adjusted accounts,
and adjusted in accordance with the plain require-
ments of law, it would come upon this floor not
to be met by what seems to be jenlouwy unbe-
coming the state of the country and a delibera-
tive body.
And at this point, sir, I may revert to the dis-
cussion which took place when this proposition
was first made upon this floor, it was then
brought in contact with prejudices which were
built upon arguments, suggestions, and innuen-
does which wereunworthy of the Representatives
of the great Slate of New Yoi k, oi of that lesser
luminary, the State of Iowa. Sir, Pennsylvania,
the Keystone State, asks no defender so long as
she can so proudly point to her own bright records.
What is the state of the case? We weie in-
formed that in that critical hour in the histoi y of
this Republic when not only the soil of Pennsyl-
vania was threatened with invasion, but when
the Republic itself by that act was threatened,
there came forward troops from thegailantStates
of Newi'ork and New Jersey, for what purpose?
To do that which they have intimated the people
of Pennsylvania were not willing to do fot them-
selves. Sir, I hurl back with scorn upon the
men who have made or may make it, every such
insinuation. Sir, at that very hour the old Key-
stone State had moic than one bundled and fifty
thousand of her sons in the field, not for the pur-
pose of protecting her own borders and her own
people, but for the purpose of defending, uphold-
ing, and perpetuating this Government.
It is to be remarked in this connection that
Pennsylvania, perhaps for the first tirfte in her
history, found herself in a very peculiar position.
The breaking out of this rebellion, the very in-
cipiency of this war, swallowed up her entire
military organization. Wc had nvot the skeleton
of a militia system left in the State, except per-
haps the home organization existing in the city of
Philadelphia. Hence it was that the people of
our State had nothing to rely upon, had nothing
to wait for, had nothing to listen to but the voice
of their Executive, their commander-in-chief of
the State forces. They waited for the proclama-
tion which should advise them of the emergency
which called upon them to take their lives in their
hands and go upon the borders and over the
boidcis to defend their soil and their firesides.
For reasons which it is not necessary here to
explain, that proclamation was tardy in making
its appearance. I happen to know from my own
personal knowledge that the people of Pennsyl-
vania, who long since learned to mistrust the in-
telligence received over telegraphic wires, not-
withstanding all the intimations they had of the
dangers threatening them, waited to be told by the
Governor of Pennsylvania that the emergency
was such as required their promptand immediate
action. Hence it is that it was in the mouth of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] and that of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Kasson,] hereupon this floor, in this high
place, to taunt that gieat old Keystone State, the
State wherein was framed and signed the Decla-
ration of Independence, a soil laved by the waters
of the Delaware, and which can boast the hal-
lowed grounds of Germantown and Brandywine;
yes, and of a later date, that great cemetery of
heroic dead, Gettysburg—I say hence it was that
these gentlemen dared to insinuate that the peo-
ple of that great State are degenerate sons of
worthy sires. But it is false, sir. Thepeopleof
that State have never been slow to do their duty;
they have done it in the entire history of the Re-
public, and especially have they done so in the
great calamity now upon the country, with- men
and with means. Fathers, mothers, husbands,
wives, and children, have all come up to their
duty, and have failed in no particular.
Now, sir, it has been suggested by my friend
from Maine [Mr. Blaine] that the payment of
these claims should be placed in the shape of an
indorsement, to be realized some lime in the fu-
ture, no man knows when, for the reason that
lie has left it upon contingencies that make it so
indefinite that I should hesitate long before I
should, as a business man, negotiate any such
paper.
The old lule that used to be universally ac-
knowledged and acted upon was, Leges vigilan-
tibm, noil dormientibus. But now it is suggested
that because the State of Pennsylvania has-been
quick to clothe herself with the rights which she
finds upon the face of the law itself, she has man-
ifested an undue alaci ity unbecoming her dignity
as one of the fust States of this Union. Mr.
Chairman, 1 cannot see the force of any such ar-
gument. I would ask my honorable and very
candid friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
whether there are any unadjusted accounts be-
tween the State of Massachusetts and the United
States Government; whether he is on the one side
or the other of the difficulty now pending in this
House; whether he has been free to make use of
tlie aigumems which ho hasadvanced because, his
State is out, orwhether it is because his State does
not happen to be in?
Mr. DAWKS. 1 do not understand the gentle-
man question.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I asked the
simple question whether there are any unadjusted,
accounts of a character similar to these between
the State of Massachusetts and the United States
Government;
Mr.DAWES- Mr. Chairman, I havealready
referred to the fact that accounts for expenditures
incurred by the State of Massachusetts under pre-
cisely .sinnlar circumstances to these stand unad-
justed and in precisely the same way. The
General Government is largely indebted to Alas-
sachusetts. I do not assume for Massachusetts
any supeiiority in this matter, or any forbearance
in prosccutmg her claims. 1 presume she would
be as anxious and would press her claims as fnuch
as Pennsylvania. * 1 do not mean to say that Mas-
sachusetts would stand off under these circum-
stances.' 1 have no'do-ubt she would press on as
hard as Pennsylvania. I phly submit that wr-
ought all, under these circumstances*, to be back-
ward in pressing our claims when all cannot be
paid. ! * '
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania,- Itstrikes me
that the argument-of my friend from Massachu-
setts is one that makes concessions which are cal-
culated to create an impression throughout the
country which will do injury, and that of a se-
rious character, to our cause. It very nearly ap-
proaches the admission of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who, when this question
was under discussion before, got up in his place
and appealed to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, asking him whether he did
not know that this Government was on the very
verge of bankruptcy; and that, too, as an argu*
ment-against the very measure under considera-
tion.
Sir, I do not believe any such thing. I will
acceptthe argument of gentlemen upon the other
side of this House, that ihe debt of this country
is, perhaps, in the future not the greatest of its
troubles, I will accept the'suggestion of gentle-
men upon the other side of this House when they
urge upon me the resources, the inexhaustible re-
sources of this country. I will believe that this
Government is not insolvent in the future, and
that we are not prepared here .to-day to postpone
the payment of'just debts, those recognized by
law and adjusted by law, to a period in the future
so indefinite that neither the hand northe imagina-
tion of man can roach it.
Now, sir, I have but one other suggestion to
make in defense of the State which i love, the
people whom I admire, and who are entitled to
the consideration and gratitude of all loyal, true,
and patriotic men in the nation. It is this: that
no matter what may he said in depreciation of the
services of those who came from Pennsylvania to
the rescue of the Government, they did come in
good time, and were substantially in the service
of the United States Government.
It is claimed that those who came from the
States of New York and New Jersey came there
to protect the State of Pennsylvania. Conced-
ing, with all the magnanimity of wfiich I am
capable, the patriotism and unselfishness of those
who responded to the call for the defense of the
country, I must say in that connection that both
New York and New Jersey were simply defend-
ing themselves when they defended the State of
Pennsylvania. If General Lee and'his army had
penetrated to the very heart of the State of Penn-
sylvania—-and they were within but a very few
miles of its capital—had they not been stayed
there, the seat of warwould have been transferred
to the borders of the States of New York and
New Jersey, and hence I argue that it is a very
narrow view to take of this question to say that
those who paiticipated in the discharge of that
patriotic duty were simply performing^ local of-
fice and were not in arms for the defense of the
Government at large.
Mr. Chairman, this is not the hour when a
proposition of this kind should excite local jeal-
ousies of the description we have witnessed here
and which have peifectly amazed me. Has it
come to this, that the members of this House
cannot trust one another to such an extent as to
permit these propositions to come up in the usual
order, to be passed upon in accordance with that
spirit of justice which ought to have a home in
this Houfee? Are they afraid to meet this ques-
tion and do justice, to a patriotic sister State un-
less they do it in accordance with iiie log-rolling
system so dangerous in legislation, that " if you
will vote for my proposition, i will vote for
yours," or vice versa?
I confess, sir, that up to this moment no such
seimment, no such feeling, no such animus, has
found a place m my breast; and so long as I re-
main a member of this body I know it never can.
1 am willing to take up propositions of a similar
character that may be submitted, no matter where
they come from, and vote upon them promptly,
fairly, and heartily. It is not worthy of this body
to hesitate, to delay action, with regard to this
just claim, simply because it comes here solitary
and alone, and because mcipbers may not know
