1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
what will become of other propositions of a like
nature that may follow it.
The Representatives from Pennsylvania upon
this floor would disappoint and outrage the con-
fidence of their constituents if they would hesi-
tate to ileal generously and promptly with other
States under similar circumstances.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to a motion that the committee vise?
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Certainly.
I move that the committee rise and report the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That can-
not be done while amendments are pending un-
disposed of. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Rol-
lins, of New Hampshire, having taken the chair
as Speaker pro tempore-, Mr. Pomeroy reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state or
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 117,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then,on motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH,
(at ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
" IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 22, 1S64.
Prayer by Rev. C. W. Adams, of Connecticut.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FOOT presented a memorial of the Rutland
and Washington and Troy and Rutland Railroad
Companies, remonstrating against the extension
of the Goodyear patent for the manufacture of
vulcanized India rubber; which wna referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent OfRce.
Ho also presented a memorial of a committee
of a convention of wool-growers, of Addison
county, Vermont, held at Muldiehury on the 6th
instant, praying for an increase of the tariff on
foreign wool imported into the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial ofS. W.
Gordon, eommudore United States Navy, pray-
ing for relief from the alleged injustice done him
by his being placed on the retired list, under the
act to furtfior promote the efficiency of the Navy,
approved Decembei 21,1861; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TRUMRULL presented a memorial of tho
Logansport, Peoria/ and Burlington Railroad
Company, and a memorial of the St. Louis, Jack-
sonville,and Chicago Railroad Company remon-
strating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which were referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
reports from committees.
Mr. POMEUOV, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the joint it-solu-
tion (S. Np. 17) relative to a certain grant of lands
for railroad purposes, made to the Toiiitory of
Minnesota in the year 1857, reported it with
amendments.
lie ul&o, ftoru the Committee on Claims, to
whom was leferrcd a bill (S. No. 75) foi the le-
hef of Geoige T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, Iowa,
asked to be discharged from its fuithor consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was refeired the bill (£1. 11. No. 43) foi
the relief of Milo Sutliff and Levi H. Case, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be pnnted.
general meade's report.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of tlic
icpoit of Major General Meade, ahearty ordered by the
Ilou-e of Representatives, be printed for the u^e of the
Senate.
general rosecrans's report.
Mr. ANTHONY aubmittod the following res-
olution; which was ref'ened to tho Committee on
Printing:
Revolt ed, That five thousand addition.ij eopi"-; of the i im-
port of Majoi General Ro^ecran^. already ordeied by the
House of Representative*, be printed lor the um) oi tho
Senate,
message from the house.
.A message from the House of Representatives,
by My. IVTcPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate: ^
A bill (No. 130) for a charter of Masonic Hall
Association in Washington city, District of Co-
lumbia; and
A bill (No. 249) to authorize the issuing of a
register to the steam vessel John Martin.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. 411) to encourage immigration; and
A bill (No. 422) to amend an act entitled " An
act to confirm certain private land claims in the
Territory of New Mexico."
enrolled bill signed.
The rnpssage furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 183) in amendmentof an act
entitled " An act relating to foreign coins and the
coinage of cents at tl# Mint of the United States,"
approved February 21,1857.
bills become laws.
The message-also announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the 19th instant the following acts and joint
Resolutions:
An act (II. R. No. 14g) to enable the people
of Nebraska to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the ouginqj
States;
An act (II. R. No. 206) in addition to an act for
the establishment of certain arsenals;
An act (H. R. No. 228) confirming the title ot
Joseph Fold to certain lands in llice county, in
the State of Minnesota;
An act (II. R. No. 297) fixing the date of the
loss of the United State;; brig Bambi idge, and for
the relief of officers, seamen, and marines of the
same, and for othei purposes;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 13) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Admiral Porter;
A joint lesolution (II. 11. No. 21) relative to
the accounts of the petty officers, seamen, and
others of the crew of the United States gunboat
Cincinnati; and
A joint resolution (II. It. No. 54) authorizing
the ^ecietary of the Navy to sell, at public auc-
tion, lot No. 13, m the village of Sackett's Harbor,
New Yoik.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and refened as indicated below:
A bill (No. 411) to encourage immigration—to
the Committee on Agriculture.
A bill (No. 422) to amend an act entitled i( An
act to confirm eert'in private land claims in the
Territoiy of New Mexico"—to the Committee on
Private Laud Claims.
pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the bill
(>S. No. 132) to amend an act entitled u An act to
aid in the const) uction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missoun river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to tin; Government the use of the
,<dme for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 18&2, for the purpose of making
it the special order ioi Wednesday next.
Mr CONNESS. Theu> is a special order for
that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The Chair is informed that there is
already a special orderfor Wednesday. Perhaps
the Senator would desire to name some other day.
Mr. HOWARD. Tnen I will say Thursday
next.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion to make it a special order
for Thursday next atone o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
bill recommitted.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the bill (S. No.
1GG) authoiiziug the ai chivcs in the office of the
recorder of land titles in the State of Missouri,
to be delivered to said State, be recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands. There are some
additional facts in connection with it that I desire
to present to the committee, and I think it will
meet with their approval.
The motion was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 76) relating to appointments in
the naval service, and courts-martial, and
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Resolved, That the Senate Insist on its disagreement to
tho amendments of the House of Representatives to the said
bill, and agree to the conference asked by the House of
Representatives thereon.
Ordered, That Uie conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed t>y the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Hale,
Mr. Willey, and Mr. Ramsey.
The Senate proceeded to consider its f mend-
ments to the bill of the House of Representatives
(No. 370) to appoint certain officers of the Navy,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Repiesenta-
tivetf, and agree- to the contcrence asked by the House ou
the disagreeing vote:, of the two IIou?-e.s thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the A'ice President.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Hale,
Mr. Willey, and Mr. Ramsey.
bureau ov military justice.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 308) toestablish a Bureau of Military
Justice. I think it will take but a moment.
Mr. NESM1TH. 1 trust that that bill will not
be permuted to supersede the consideration of the
unfinished business of the morning hour of yes-
teid.iy, a bill which has been before the Senate
for two se&hions, and I am vuiy anxious to get a
vote on it. I hope the Senator from Massachu-
setts will not urge it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think this will take
three minutes. If it takes any time I will with-
draw it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. it. No. 308) to establish a Bu-
reau of Military Justice.
It proposes to constitute the office of Judge
Advocate Geneial, created by the fifth section of
on act entitled " An act to amend the act calling
foith the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrection, and repel invasion, ap-
proved February 28, 1795, and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, and for other purposes," npproved
July 17, 1862, a bureau to be attached to the
War Department, and to be styled and known as
the Bureau of Military Justice: and the President
is to appoint, byand with the ad vice and consent
of the Senate, as the head of thf buicauja Judge
Advocate Geneial, who is to ha\c the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a briiradi-.r ^(neial, and to
have, as other heads of han.au.0, the frank'ng
privilege in all his official conespomh-nce. The
President is also to appoint, t;y and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, two Assistant
Judge Advocates General, who aie each to have
the lank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of
cavalry; and the Secretary of War is to have
power to appoint for tlie bin eau such clerical force
as in his judgment the inteiests of the sei vice shall
require, not to exceed one toui th-< lass, one third-
class, one seeond-cLiss, and two fn >t-< hiss clerks.
The Committee on A'lihtaiy Affiurs and the
Militia reported the hill with an amendment, in
section two, lino foni, to stukp out the wore!
"colonel" and insert " major;" s>o that it will
read:
That the Pi<Mdeni '•lull appoint, bv andwiih the advice
and consent ol ihn Senate, two A^iMan: Judge Advocates
Genoial, wh.> shall each have tlje wink, piy, and emolu-
ments ol a major of eavahy.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. On this subject I very re-
cently received a letter from a military gentleman
in whose opinion I have a great deal of confidence,
suggesting icasons why that amendment ought
not to be adopted, and those leasonw were very
satisfactory to myself. I have mislaid the letter
now; but I intended to read it to the Senate when
this question should come up.
