2778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
plication of Richard Fitch for bounty land, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to move to take up the bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
still in order.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 487) to provide for the execution of treaties
between the United States and foreign nations re-
specting the consular jurisdiction over the crews
of vessels' of such foreign nations in the waters
and ports of the United States, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to re-
port it back with a recommendation that it pass.
As the interestsof justice will be promoted by the
immediate passage of this bill—and I think it will
take no time—I venture to ask the Senate to act
upon it now.
Mr. HOWARD. I have just asked the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider a bill of
mine, and the motion was not entertained, and I
object to this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Michigan to move to
postpone all prior orders and proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill. The Senator from Massachu-
setts asks for unanimous consent to consider the
bill just reported.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not see any difference
in principle, and I must object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the bill cannot be considered at this
time.
MARQUETTE AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
Mr. CARLILE. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (1$. R. No.
4G0) extending the time for the completion of the
Marquette and Ontonagon railroad of the State of
Michigan, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment. The Senate a few days a^o
passed a similar bill, but it originated m this
body. This bill has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and if it can be acted upon by the
Senate now it will only need the signature of
the President to become a law. The committee
thought it best, therefore, to ask for the immedi-
ate consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to its present consideration ?
Mr. HOWE. I hope it will lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
objccts it will he over.
Mr. HARLAN. Allow me to make this ex-
planation. The Senate has passed a bill substan-
tially the same as this; but the House of Repre-
sentatives having passed this bill, if the Senate
should now concur in it it would become a law.
Mr. 110 WE. I understand that the bill which
the Senate passed interferes with the rights of
another company.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator desires to ex-
amine if, I have no objection to its ^oing over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
considered to-day if objection be made. The bill
will lie over.
MESSAGE FUOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Us Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No, 28) relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and otheroflicers of
the Government;
A bill (No. 40) m relation to tho limitation of
actions m ctjitam cases;
A bill (No. 52) to provide for the -summary
trial of minor olfenses against the laws of" the
United States;
A bill (No. 256) to change and define the bound-
aries of the eastern and western judicial districts
ot Virginia, and to alter the names of said dis-
tricts, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 283) to abolish the collection dis-
tricts ot Port Oiford and Cape Perpetua in the
State of Oregon; and
A jointresolution (No. 60) tenderingtLethanks
of Congress to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey,
of the fourth regiment of Wisconsin volunteers.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 55) in relation to the circuit court in and
for the district of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 355)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to stip-
ulate for the release from attachment or other pro-
cess of property claimed by the United States,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 274) in relation to the computation
of the time within which an indictment may be
found against persons charged with crimes against
the laws of the United States;
A bill (No. 281) to amend the sixteenth section
of the act entitled "An act to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officers of the Army, and
for other purposes," approved July 17, 1862;
A bill (No. 284) to prevent the selling and cir-
culation of counterfeit coin, and of counterfeit and
altered Treasury notes and postal currency bills;
A bill (No. 305) to lestrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims and to provide for the pay-
ment of certain demands forquartermaster's stores
and subsistence supplies furnished to the Army
of the United States;
A bill (No. 497) in relation to the village of
Deposit, Delaware county, New York;
A bill (No. 513) to detach the counties of Cal-
houn and Branch from the western judicial dis-
trict and annex the same to the eastern district
of the State of Michigan; and
A joint resolution (No. 87) amendatory of an
act to provide for the deficiency in the appropri-
ation for the pay of officers and men actually em-
ployed in the western department or department
of Missouri.
KNllOr.LKD RILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (IS. No. 217) for the iclief of Warren W.
Green; and
A bill (S. No. 250) to amend an act entitled
"An act making a grant of alternate sections of
public lauds to the State of Michigan, to aid m
the construction of certain railroads m said State,
and for other purposes."
BILLS P.ECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed,
on the 3d instant, the following acts and joint
resolution:
An act (II. R. No. 120) to reestablish the prin-
cipal port of entiy for the district of Champlain,
at Plattsburgh, and for other purposes;
An act (H. II. No. 474) to amend an act rela-
tive to the public printing; and
A joint losolution (II. It. No. 51) relative to
the claim and letters patent of William Wheeler
Hubbell.
COLLEGE RANOIIO.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 179) concerning lands in the
State of California, which 1 think will create no
discussion. It will be lemembered that this is
the bill which was discussed the other day, au-
thorizing the Catholic archbishop of San Fran-
cisco to dispose of certain lands. 1 think there
is no opposition to it now*
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be remembered that
when this bill was under consideration on a pre-
vious day, the committee was unable to report
the facts connected with it. I have now a letter
from the Commissioner of the Geneial Land Of-
fice on this subject, which I will ask to have read
by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Genrral Land Office, Jane 3, 1S64.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your lettei of the 2d instant, inclosing House of Repre-
sentatives bill No. 179 heievvith in regard to the ranch
known as Caxiada do los Finos, or College Grant, patented
under date 24th Februaiv, 1861, to Joseph S. Alemany,
lhshop of Monterey, and his successors.
I reference to the subject, I inclose herewith copy of my
letter of February 1, 1864, to the honoiable chairman of
Public Laud.-?, House of Representatives, and, in answer to
your inquiry, have to statu that the area of the ranch n
35,499.37 acies,it9 locality in the county of Santa IJaibara,
California, some twenty-five or thnty miles noitheast of
Point Conception, on which the light-house is satiated,
and some twelve or fourteen due north ftom the neare-t
shores of the Pacific. It is near the promontory on which
are found the bituminous or asphaitum depo&its from springs
having then source fur down in the bowels of the cdith,
theeentorof the spting being liquid and warm, often land-
ing to a temperatuie of 200° Fahrenheit, and which it is
supposed are inexhaustible, extending under the bed of the
ocean to an unknown distance seaward, coveung the caith
with an oily substance lesembling coal-oil. 1 have not such
data as will enable me to answer with any degree of accu-
racy as to the piobable value of the ranch m question; but
satisfactory information in that respect can doubtless be
had from members of the congressional delegation fioin
the State.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
J. M. EDMUNDS,
Commissioner.
lion. J. Harlan, Chahman of Committee on Public Lands ^
United S(atet> Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Here is another letter on the
same subject, which I ask to have read..
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before that is done I
wish to ask the Secretary if the amount of the
land is stated at thirty-five thousand in that let-
ter. That is the way it was read. I think it is a
mistake; it should be thirty-five hundred acres.
The Secretary. Thirty-five thousand four
hundred and ninety-nine and thirty-seven hun-
dredths.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a mistake, I think.
•The Secretary read the following letter:
General Land Offick, Februwy 1, 1864.
Sir: f have the honor to icturn you heiewuh the "bill
concerning certain land* in tiie State of California," io-
ceived with a letter of the 28th ultimo liom the clerk of
the committee.
This lull lefers to a patent dated Febiuary JBC1, as
recorded in tin: California I'eeoni, volume thn'c, paire-^J'i
to J35 inclusive, jn lavor of "Joseph Sudor Alemany, Ro-
man Catholic 1'i-hop ot Monterey,Calnornia.
In hi- petition to the boaul ot land eomnu—toner-?, tin;
bt-hop claimed "the confirmation to him ami Ins•Mieco-s-
oi-> ot the title to cettain ehmeli piopcity in California,
to be ln-M h\ liini and tin in m tiu-t lor the lehgiou- pnt-
pnsps and n-e-i to which tin* same have been re-perm ely
appiopt lilted ; said piopem consisting ot ehuich edifice
hon-e-, lor the u-e ol the demy and those employed in the
mm vice of the chinch, cltuteh yai d--, bin lal ground-*, <rai-
dens, oiclhtids, and vine\aid-, with the nece-saiy build-
ings thcicon and appuitenances.the same having been icc-
ogiu/.cd a- the piopeity of tin: said chinch b\ the laws of
Mexico jii (oice ar the time ot the cession ot California to
thv United States."
A decree ol confirmation was rendered by the said boaul
accoidmgly, an appeal taken thcrelrom to the United States
disti ict comt for the southern di-tiict of Call lorn la, and as
said appeal was afterwauN dismissed, the decioe of tho
bomd became final, and the palcut was the trailer issuul t<>
the said "Joseph S Uemany, Htshop of ^.lonierey, and to
his succc'sois, in tiust lor the iehgiou< putpo^es and uses
to winch the same ha\e been n^neetively appiopi irited. '
The bill inclosed .-<ecl\s congics innai k-^i-lauon so a-, to
make itlaw lui lor the .-aid Ju-cph S. Aknian\, and Ins
sticcessot-, a< the giantees ot said patent,to lease,nioit-
gage, oi sc|i the said uaet or laueho, ■. • any part tln-ieoi',
and all propei couve} anec-. in that behalf to make and de-
liver, and the proceed-theieot to apply, undei thednecthm
of the Roman Catholic Aichbit-hop ol San Ftaueiseo, m
the State ol Caiii'oi ma, and hi- .-ueec.—>ors in ofhcc or other
piopei authouty of the IComan Catholic chuK'h in said
Stiite, foi the pmpose- of education anywheie within -aid
State; anything in said paicntoi in tin; ongnial iri«mt «>i
concession of *aid tiaet, or ranelm, ot oihei title wheicby
the same wa* acquned from and under tin; authotiues of
Spain, oi Meuco, to the confiary notwithstanding.
"And all ti u-t-, c ondilion-, piovi-ions, or covenant*, pi e-
cedent or Mib-equent, expie.—ed or implied, m said paten',
grant, concession, or title, to the eonnary hcieof, and all
bleaches of the same, aie hereby wholly waived, abiorat-
ed, di-=cluug«d, di-pemed with, and telea-rd on thepait
ol tho Ciuled States fot the pmpose^ of lln- acf. And
any conveyance or disposition made m puisnunce theieof
shall opi'i.Ttc to pass the estate 01 inti ie-i conveyed 01 dis-
posed ot free and di-ehaiged fiorn a]I such tiu-ts. condi-
tions, provision?, or covenants."
The bishop, as the giantee and chief ecclesiastical au-
thouty in that region. i- undoubtedly the ptoper judge as
to the mannei in which the inteie-ts ol the einmh ni the
niatteis can be be-t Mibsnvrd ; and as the United States
have now no ptopuetaiy light in the premise-, I can mm;
no objection to the bill in que-iiou being matuied m a law.
With great le^peet, youi obedient seivant.
J. I\I. JJIKUUYD^,
C'OJ/t'/ltbSJOKCr.
Hon. G. II. Julian, Ckainnan of the Committee on Public
Lamb, House of P< c^reiciuativcs.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill by
striking out m line twelve the words " lease, mort-
gage, or," so that if the amendment shall be made
the bill will confer on the bisitup m the name of
the church the right to sell this land, und not to
hold it and appropriate the profits from year to
year forever.
