1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to cali the committees for reports
of a private nature.
INDIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee mi In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution directing
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the Chip-
pewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians resid-
ing in Michigan the sum of $190,850; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committeeof the Whole House, and oidered
to be printed.
WINNEBAGO HALF-BREEDS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee, re-
ported back bill of the House No. 194, for the
benefit of half-breeds and mixed-bloods of the
Winnebago tribe of Indians; which was referred
to a Committeeof the Whole House,and ordered
to be printed.
TRANSPORT UNION.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
the Committee on Naval AfFaiis was discharged
from the further consideration of a joint resolu-
tion to provide for the payment of the officers
and crew of the United States steam transport
Union, wrecked November 23,1861, off the coast
of North Carolina, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
SALARIES OF DKVUTY NAVAL OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
the CommtUee on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
deputy naval officers at New York for increase
of salary, and sundry papers in relation to that
subject, and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
ISAAC R. DILLER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, reported back a bill of the
House for the relief of Isaac R. Oilier, and asked
that the same be put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Chief Cierk, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the joint
resolution (tl. R. No. 31) making appropriation
for the payment of faxes on certain lands owned
by the United States.
EX-GOVEItNOR BltlGIIAM YOUNG.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 130) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to adjust and set-
tle the accounts of ex-Governor Brigham Young
as cx officio supeiintendent of Indian affairs for
the Territory of Utah; which was read a firstand
second time, referred to the Committee of tho
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be printed.
ABANDONED REBEL TENEMENTS.
Mr. BLOW, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to provide for the renting of abandoned
land?, tenements, and houses in insurrectionary
States, and for the care and employment of per-
sons therein set free by the proclamation of the
President of the United States; which was lead a
first and second time, and referred to the com-
mittee on rebellious States.
WASHINGTON GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
Mr. RICK, of Maine, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill
granting certain privileges to the Guardian So-
ciety of the District of Columbia; which was read
a fust and sccond time, recommitted, and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED STATES REGISTER FOR 1864.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Public Printing, reported back adversely a reso-
lution authorizing tlie Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives to purchase one thousand copies of
the United States Register for 1864", as published
by J. Disturneli, at a price not exceeding fifty
cents a copy, and to charge the same to the con-
tingent fund, and moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The motion was ogreed to.
R. L B. CLARKE.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of R. L. B. Clatke;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
ALBERT BROWN.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass,an
act (S. No. 92) for the relief of Albert Brown,
and asked that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
War to cause to be paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Albert
Brown, of Kingston, New Hampshire, the sum
of $14,100 dollars, in full payment for one hun-
dred Army wagons manufactured by him under
a contract made with Morris S. Miller, quaiter-
master United States Army, dated July 1, 1861,
and duly delivered to the order of the Quarter-
master General, dated August 13, 3861.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does not
that bill make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 1 ob-
ject to its being considered now.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
ALEXANDER CROSS.
Mr. HOLM A N, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a joint resolution for the relief of Alexander
Cross, and asked that it be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read It recites that
Alexander Cross heretofore filed his petition in
the Court of Claims praying relief on account of
certain rents alleged to be due from the United
States to him as assignee of Daniel Saffarans; that
the Court of Claims, in January, 1859, rendered a
decision adverse to the prayer of the petition on
the sole ground of an alleged technical defect in
the assignment of the lease. It therefoi e resolves
that the case be remanded to the Courtof Claims
for further hearing on the testimony heretofore
filed therein, and on such o'her testimony as either
party may take and file pursuant to the rules of
the court, and that if it shall appear that the peti-
tioner is entitled to the rents, if any, due thereon
by the United States, the court is authorized to
render judgment therefor in his favor, notwith-
standing any technical defect in the assignment
of the lease.
The joint resolution was oi df red to be engrossed
and read a third time; and beingengrossed, it was
accordingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to iay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB WEBER.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committeeof Claims,
reported back, with a lecommendation that it do
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of Jacob
Weber; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, KENTUCKY".
Mr. WADSWORTH, by unanimous consent,
j inti oduced a bill for the benefit of Montgomei y
' county, Kentucky; which was read a first and
j second time, and referred to the Committee of
i Claims.
! Mr. WADSWORTII also, by unanimous con-
S sent, introduced a bill for the benefit of citizens
I of Montgomery county, Kentucky; which was
1 read a first and second time, and referred to the
I Committee of Claims.
i
NAVIGATION OF POTOMAC RIVER.
1 Mr. DUMONT, from tho Committee for the
] District of Columbia, reported back a bill to pro-
, vide for the impiovement of the Potomac river;
| which was recommitted,and ordered to be printed.
j COMMITTEE FOR TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DUMONT asked the unanimous consent
' of the House that the Committee for the Distiict
I of Columbia have leave to sitduring the sessions
| of the House.
i There was no objection; and it was ordered
• accordingly.
GEORGE PIERPONT AND OTHERS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee'onthe Ju-
diciary, repoited back the petition of Gedr^e
pont and others for increase of pay of
assessors, and moved that it be referred to tUf*
Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
HON. ANDREW G. MILLER.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on',tlx* Jfct-
diciary, reported the following resolution4, which"
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary'be ntt-
thoiizod to send for persons ami examine witnesses upon
oath or affirmation touching the allegations agaiost-Hon.
Andrew G. Millet, judge of the district court of the United
Stales for the dii-tuctof Wisconsin, as contained in the
nieinouiiK heretofore referred to said committee by the
Ilou.-e as a subject for inquiry.
J. M. SULLIVAN.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, moved that that committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of J. M. Sullivan for an invalid pension for"
wounds received; and that it be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN L. DIXON.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
moved that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of John L.
Dixon in relation to the purchase of corn, and that
the petitioner be allowed to withdiaw his petition
and papers for reference to the Courtof Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, Us Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was diiected to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (No. 15) to incorporate the Washing-
ton City Savings Bank;
An act (No. 26) to piovide for the public in-
struction of youih in .the county of Washington,
District of Columbia;
An act (No. 79) to incorporate the Providence
hospital in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia; and
An act (No. 77) to amend an act incorporating
the Washington Gas-Light Company.
OBJECTION DAY.
Mr. HALE. I ask, by unanimous consent,
that this day be considered as objection day in the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HALE moved that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. HolMaw
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the Private Calendar.
CHAPIN HALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 160) for the relief of Chapin
Hall.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay Chapin Hall, out of any money in the
Ticasury not otherwise approptiated, the sum of
$2,500, in full for damages sustained by iiirn in con-
sequence of the taking and using his lumber, at
Louisville,Kentucky, by General McCook 'sdi vis-
ion of the United States Army, in September, 1862.
It appears from the report that the petitioner is
a resident of Pennsylvania, engaged in manufac-
turing and dealing in lumber; that in September,
1862, he had a laige amount of boards piled upon
the common in the northern portion of Louisville,
Kentucky; that on or about the 26th of Septem-
ber, 1862, a division of the United States Army,
under command of Major General McCook, came
into the city and encamped on the common near
where the lumber was piled. The division was
without tents or shelter of any kind, and the sol-
dieis, by ordei of General McCook, took from
the piles two hundred and ninety-eight thousand
feet of boards of different qualities, valued at
$4,470, and used the same for building tents, shel-
ters, and floors. The petitioner applied to Gen-
