1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But the proposition to reduce the rank and pay
of the Assistant Judge Advocates Geneial fioin
the rank and pay of a colonel to those of a major,
it scums to me, independently of the reasons given
• liy my correspondent, ought not to be adopted.
Tiie office will require those gentlemen to reside
in this city; the duties will be veiy responsible
and highly important; and we ought to secure for
auch a position very high talent. If we are to
have a court of military justice, we ought to have
jrood lawyers in those positions. The Assistant
Judge Advocates General ought to be men of very
\ substantial ability and very fine learning in their
profession; but to say that we can command that
sol t of talent to reside in this city, where living
is so very expensive, at the rank and pay of a
major, I Lhink is a mistake. The rank and pay
of a colonel is as low certainly as we can expect
to get the qualifications and talents requisite for
that position for, and I hope ihe amendment will
not be adopted.
If this is to be a court of military justice it ought
to be a court of ability, commanding men, who will
rise above all trifling considerations. I feel that
if we can have a military court of this kind, a sub-
stantial justice will be done to the country; but
unless we get men of high talents and high learn-
ing, not only for the first position, but for the po-
sitions of Assistant Judge Advocates General, it
will be a failure.
Mr. GRIM [iS, The Senator will allow me to
ask how much he supposes the pay and emolu-
ments of a major of cavalry or of infantry sta-
tioned at Washington amount to?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I expect it is two or three
thousand dollais. 1 cannot say ceitainly how
much it is. I am not posted on that point. I
will ask the Senator how much it is.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator complains that
this pay is not sufficient. I supposed of course
he knew how much it was,or he would not enter
that complnint.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator if
he can tell us. I believe the pay and allowances
of a major amount to about twenty-two hundred
dollars. However, I am notconfidentaboutthat.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the pay and emolu-
ments of a major, direct and indirect, amount to
between three and four thousand dollars when
stationed here in Washington.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would like to have that
matter made certain. I did not understand itso.
I will ask the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs whether the Assistant Judge Advo-
cates General in this bureau would receive any
pay except the pay proper, as it is called, of a
major?
Mr. WILSON. By this bill, as it came from
the House of Representatives, they would receive
the pay of a colonel of cavalry. The amendment
is to strike out "colonel" and insert the word
" major," so that they will have the nay of ma-
iois of vavalrv, which is less than the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How much is the pay of
a colonel?
Mr. WILSON. Stationed here in Washing-
ton* during the winter months it wouldamount to
about thirty-four hunched dollars a year. The
pay of a major of cavalry stationed in "Washing-
ton, with allowances, would be fully §3,000a year;
more than that in winter, and perhaps a little less
in summer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It may be that the en-
tire pay of colonels and majors is too high. I do
not propose to discuss that question. But it is
very certain to my mind (hat a man who is fit to
be an Assistant Judge Advocaie General in a court
of this importance ought to be a man of superior
ability and learning to the class of men we gen-
erally find as colonels, and especially as majors.
We ought to have supenor men for this couit.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to the amendment ■
and opposed to the bill us it stands, because I
tlnnk (Jongicss ought to deal plainly with the
people, and tell them what they pay these officeis.
What is the use of saying this pay shall be the
same as that of a major or a colonel of cavalry,
when nobody knows what that is; sometimes it
is one thins; and sometime?' it is another.
Mr. WILKINSON. Even the chairman of
the Military Committee cannot tell what it is.
Mr. HALE, it seems nobody knows how
much this is. I move to amend the amendment,
if it bo in order, so as to give to the Assistant
Judge Advocates General $3,000 a yonr.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
by the Senator from New Hampshire to. strike
out in lines four and five of the second section,
ibe words " have the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a major of cavalry," and to insert " receive
$3,000 per annum;" so that the clause will read,
" two Assistant Judge Advocates General, who
shall each leceive $3,000 per annum."
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that amendment
will be adopted, for I have observed during; the
last three years that wherTever a Senator desires
to raise a salary and to avoid any investigation
orany opposition to it in consequence of its being
too high, he has inserted a clause similar to the
one in the bill before the Senate, that the officer
shall receive the pay and emoluments of some
officer in the cavalry; but there is nobody here,
not even the chairman of the committee himself,
who can tell to-day what that salary is.
Mr* WILSON. The pay of a colonel of cav-
alry is very little more than the pay of a colonel
of an infantry regiment. It is but a few dollars
more. These matters are matteis of allowances
in the city of Washington. *Vith the allowances
now mude to officers, the pay is higher when they
are stationed here than when they are in the field,
because they have fuel and quarters, and the com-
mutation of quat tors has been increased during the
last few months by order of ihe War Department.
I have no objection to fixing this sum at $3,000 a
year. Itscemed to me, while I regarded this meas-
ure as exceedingly important,and while this de-
partment has an immense nmountof labor to per-
form, that two assistants could be obtained for the
rank and pay of major, who would perform the
duties well; that we could get good men for that
sum, and J wanted to save as much as I could.
This department is a very important part of the
Government. The first three months of this year
they have had sent into that department from the
armies of the United States over eight thousand
cases, and during this year they will unquestion-
ably have more than twenty thousand cases be-
fore them. The amount of labor is frightful to
contemplate to any man who hus got to under-
take it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. When this bill was
before the committee I opposed this amendment,
insisting that for an Assistant Judge Advocate
General the pay of a colonel would not be too m uch.
That is my opinion now. I think the pay and
emoluments of a major of cavalry, where they
charge for fuel and quarters and servants and
commutation of rations m the city of Washington,
amount to about three thousand one hundred dol-
lars a year. I supposed that in nn office of this
importance the rank and guide of colonel was not
too high for an Assistant Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, and that was the opinionof the present very
able and distinguished Judge Advocate General.
Your system, as now oig.mized by law is this;
thei e is a Judge Advocate General, with the rank
of a colonel, and in each Army department there
is a judge advocate appointed as an assistant judge
advocate, with the rank and pay of majoi of in-
fantry. That is your present system. We pio-
pose to substitute for that by this bill a Judge Ad-
vocate General with the rank of a brigadier gen-
eral, and two assistants with the tank of colonel,
and others of lower rank. I think the system
that we propose to establish by this Bureau of
Mihtaiy Justice will be more efficient, more expe-,
ditious in its action, and will not cost the Govern-
ment one cent more and perhaps less than the
present system, even if you leave the rank of col-
onel to these Assistant Judge Advocates General.
There is no department of the public service re-
quiring a higher grade of talents than this office.
Theie are, as the chairman of our committee has
already informed you, over eight thousand cases
in three months now reported. 11. i^j physically im-
possible for the piescnt force of the office, as at
present constituted, scattered in the different de-
pai tments of the Army, to perform that labor. A
capital punishment, for instance, is ordered by a
court-martini in Alabama. It is referred to Wash-
ington to the President, and by the President re-
feired to the Judge Advocate General, and by him
examined and filed. Theie are now over six
thousand cases, and the Piesidenf, if he devoted
to it every single moment of the whole twenty-
four hours, could not discharge the duty alone of
supervising the decisions of the Judge Advocate
General. I think the system now proposed wjli
be as expeditious,tand in the end,quite-as eco-
nomical, as your present system.
Mr. HALE. I am not. particular about the
amount being fixed at $3,000. If that is not
enough, nut m four, five,,six, ten, t>venty, any-
thing unuer heaven, only just say what .you da
give.
Mr. WILSON, Put it up §500.
Mr. HALE. At the suggestion of'the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, I will modify
the amendmentso as to make it $3,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. GRIMES. I would really like to know
what is the necessity of giving #3,500 to these
officers, whenstwe give only $3,000 to such offi-
cers as the Solicitor of the Treasury. Is the duty
to be performed by these officers of a more oner-
ous or responsible character than that performed
by the Solicitor of the Treasury?
The truth is, there seems to be a great misun-
derstanding, in my apprehension, as to what the
duties of a Judge Advocate General are. It is
' not necessary that he should be a profound law-,
yer. He ought to be well versed m the laws of
courts-martial. He is the mere representative of
the Government arid of the accused both, and.
should act in the capacity of a judge. He bears
the title of a judge in a court-martial, and I appre-
hend some of the best conducted courts-martial
have been those wheie a mihtaiy officer who had
a comparatively limited knowledge of the techni-
calities of the law, was the judge advocate, and
saw that the law was fairly administered toward
both parties, toward the Government and toward
the accused. We now have these duties per-
formed by lieutenants, by captains sometimes, and
very seldom by an officer as high as p. major. The
duties are performed by a lieutenant m a case
where a general is in command. Has the Govern-
ment ever been injured by it? fits injustice ever
been done to any individual by it?
Now, what is the necessity, where is the neces-
sity of even giving them a grade as high as that
of a major, or a pay as high as that of a major?
I do not see that it exists. It is not tiue, Mr.
President, in my opinion, that you have to search
through the country Jo find ah able lawyer, a tech-
nical lawyer, a man who has spent fifteen or
twenty years in the profession of the law, and in
studying the principles of the common law, or of
the civil law, to properly discharge the duties of
a judge advocate. Such is not the case in any army
organization in Euiope. It has never been the
case here. 11is notdesirable thatitshould be the
case now. I do not believe that justice will be
promoted by going and picking up technical law-
yers through the-country and making them judge
advocates; for they do not hold the relation to-
ward the Government-or toward the individual
who is to be tried that a professed lawyer doesin
the civil or in the criminal couits of the country.
Now, as to the pay, I think the Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, gieatas is the amount which
he states that a major icceives who is stationed
at Washington, understates it. Why, sir", by an
order made by the Secretaiy of War last fall the.
commutation of (fuaiteisof all these gentlemen
(and we know how nnmeious they aie,foratmy
instance the Senate made a call on the Secretary
of Wai to fui nish us a list of ail military officers
stationed at Washington who use drawing com-
mutation of quarters and fuel; I am not prepared
to say now fiom niemoiy how many there were;
but there were a very gu at number of thvm) was
doubled, which he had the authority to do under
the Aimy iegulatiosis. The result is that these
majors ate now drawing a commutation for three
offices and a kitchen, 1 think, making a total
amount of I believe about one thousand dollars
that they draw for that alone, which is to be
added to then pay pi oper. Then they draw com-
mutation for their horses, for their servants, and
for then* fuel, which is commuted either at ten or
twelve dollars a cord from the Istof October until
the 1st of April, and for a smaller amount from
the 1st of Apiil until the 1st of October. Then
they draw from our commissary stores their beef,
which is furnished to them at the gross puce we
buy it for, they.getting the best portions of the .
beef, and leaving the boncj and shanks to be fur-
