1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
' 38th Costs.... 1st
merit and proceedings shall be sufficient evi-
dence to the proper accounting officers for the
allowance thereof; and the same shall thereupon
be allowed and paid out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided
That the amount so to be allowed and paid shall
not exceed the value of the interest of the United
States in the property in question: And provided
further, That nothing herein contained shall be
considered as recognizing or conceding any right
to enforce by seizure, arrest, attachment, or any
judicial process, any claim against any property
of the United States, or against any property
held, owned, or employed by the United States,
or by any department thereof, forany publicuse,
or as waiving any objection to any proceeding
instituted to enforce any such claim.
Approved, June ]], 1864.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act in relationto the Lim-
itation of Actions in certain Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever, during the existence
of the present rebellion, any action,civil orcrim-
:nal, shall accrue against any person who, by
reason of resistance to the execution of the laws
of the United States, or the interruption of the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, cannot
be served with process for the commencement of
such action or thearrestof such person, or when-
ever, after such action, civil or criminal, shall
have accrued, such person cannot, by reason of
such resistance of the laws, or such interruption
of judicial proceedings, be arrested or served with
process for the commencement of the action, the
time during which such person shall so be beyond
the reach of legal process shall not be deemed or
taken as any part of the time limited by law for
the commencement of such action.
Approved, June 11, 1864.
Chap. CX1X.—An Act relating to Members of
Congress, Heads of Departments, and other
Officers of the Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That no mem,berofthe Senate or House
of Representatives shall, after his election and
during his continuance in office, nor shall any
head of a Department, head of a bureau, clerk,
or any other officer of the Government receive or
agree to receive any'compensation whatsoever,
directly or indirectly, for any services rendered,
or to be rendered, after the passage of this act,
to any person .either by himself or another, in re-
lation to any proceeding, contract, claim,contro-
versy, charge, accusation, arrest, or other matter
or thing m which the United States is a party, or
directly or indirectly interested, before any De-
partment, court-martial, bureau, officer, or any
civil, military, or naval commission whatever.
And any person offending against any provision
of this act shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by a
fine not exceeding ten thousand dollars, and by
imprisonment fora term not exceeding two years,
at the discretion of the court trying the same,
and shall be forever thereafter incapable of hold-
ing any office of honor, trust, or profit under the
Government of the United States.
Approved, June 11, 1864.
Chap. CXX.—An Act to change and define the
Boundaries of the Eastern and Western Ju-
dicial Districts of Virginia, and to alter the
Names of said Districts, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the jurisdiction of the western
district of Virginia shall hereafterbe coextensive
with, and confined to the limits of the State of
West Virginia, and shall be callcd the district of
West Virginia; and the jurisdiction of the east-
ern district of Virginia shall hereafter be coex-
tensive with the limits and include the whole of
the State of Virginia, and shall be called the dis-
trict of Virginia. The judge of the said district
of West Virginia shall annually hold six sessions
as follows: At Clarksburg, on the 24th days of
New Series—No. 12.
March and August; at Wheeling, on the sixth
days of April and September; and at Charleston,
on the nineteenth days of April and September.
The judge of the district of Virginia shall,' in
addition to the sessions heretofore held by him
as judge of the eastern district of Virginia, hold
sessions at the times and places within the dis-
trict of Virginia when and where sessions were
held prior to the passage of this act by the judge
of the western district of Virginia.
Sec. 2. An d be it further enacted, That all the
records and files of the courts of the western
district of Virginia, hitherto held within thelimits
of the district of Virginia, as prescribed and fixed
in the first section of this act, shall remain and
be kept in the district of Virginia; and all records
and files of the courts of the western district of
Virginia, hitherto held within the limits of the
district of West Virginia, as prescribed and fixed
by the first section of this act, shall remain and
be kept in the district of West Virginia. And
all writs, suits, picas, recognizances, indictments,
and all other process, civil or criminal, issued,
sued out, commenced, or pending, of which, if
this act had never been passed, the judge of the
western district would have had jurisdiction with-
in the limits of the said district of Virginia, as
defined by this act, shall be returned, entered,
and have day before, and be heard and determ-
ined by, the judge of the district of Virginia,
in the same manner, and with the same validity
and effect, as they should have been returned,
entered, heard, and determined by the judge of
the western district of Virginia, if this act had
never been passed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the
judicial proceedings of the court of the western
district of Virginia had within the limits of the
district of West Virginia, as fixed by the first
section of this act, since the erection of West
Virginia into a State, are hereby made and de-
clared to be as valid and binding as if this act
had been passed contemporaneously with the act
establishing the State of West Virginia, and said
judicial proceedings had been under and by vir-
tue of this act.
Approved, June 11,1864.
Chap. CXXl.—An Act to provide for the sum-
mary Trial of minor Offenses against the Laws
of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the. United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That it shall be lawful for the judgeof
any district court of the United States to hold a
special session of said court atany time, whether
in term or vacation, for the trial of minor of-
fenses against the laws of the United States, as
hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That when-
ever a complaint shall be made against any mas-
ter, officer, or mariner of any ship or vessel be-
longing, in whole or in part, to any citizen or
citizens of the United States, of the commission
of any offense, not capital or otherwise infamous,
against any law of the United States made for
the protection of persons or property engaged in
commerce or navigation, it shall be the duty of
the district attorney to investigate the same, and
the general nature thereof, and if, in his opinion,
the case is such as should be summarily tried
under the provisions of this act, he shall report
the same to the district judge, and the judge shall
forthwith, or as soon as the ordinary business of
the court will permit, proceed to try the cause,
and for that purpose may, if necessary, hold a
special session of the court.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That at such
trial it shall not be necessary that the accused
shall have been previously indicted, but a state-
ment of complaint, verified by oath, in writing,
shall be presented to the court, setting out the
offense in such manner as clearly to apprise the
accused of the character of the offense complained
of, and to enable him to answer the complaint.
And the said complaint or statement shall be read
to the accused, who may plead to or answer the
same, or make a counter-statement.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thut the said
trial shall thereupon be proceeded with in a sum-
mary manner, and the case shall be decided by the
court, unless, at the time for pleading or ansVvfetf-
ing, the accused shall demand a jury, in tohicl^
case the trial shall be upon the complaint and pteS
of not guilty.
Sec . 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the court to sentence any persdb
convicted on such trial to any greater punishmeftt
than imprisonment in jail for one yeiir, or to a fine
exceeding five hundred dollars, or both, in its dis-
cretion, in those cases where the laws of the Uni-
ted States authorize such imprisonment and fine.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for the court to allow the district attorney to
amend his statement or complaint at any stage <rf
the proceedings, before verdict, if, in the opinion
of the court, such amendment will work no injus-
tice to the accused; and if it appear to the court
that the accused is unprepared to mefct the charge
as amended, and that an adjournment of the cause
will promote the ends of justice, such adjourn-
ment shall be made until a further day, to be fixed
by the court.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That at such
trial, if byjury, the United States and the accused
shall each be entitled to three peremptory chal-
lenges. Challenges, for cause, in such cases,
shall be tried by the court, without the aid of triers.
Approved, June 11, 1864.
Chap. CXXII.—An Act to abolish the Collection
Districts of PortOrford and Cape Perpetua, in
the State of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the collection districts of Cape
Perpetua and Port Orford, heretofore established
by law, are hereby abolished, and the same at-
tached to the collection district of Oregon.
Approved, June 11, 1864.
Chap. CXX1II.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to confirm certain Private Land
Claims in the Territory of New Mexico."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the sixth section of the act enti-
tled "An actto confirm certain private land claims,
in the Territory of New Mexico," approved
June twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty, be,
and the same is hereby, so amended as to en-
able the heirs of Luis Maria Baca to raise and
withdraw the selection and location of one of the
square bodies of land confirmed to them by said
act, heretofore located by said heirs on the Pecos
river, adjoining the PortSumner reservation, and
to select and relocate the same, in the manner pro-
vided by said act, at any time before the twenty-
first day of June, in the year eighteet! hundred
and sixty-five, upon any of the public lands, un-
occupied and not mineral, within thelimits of the
Territory of New Mexico, as said limits were
known arid defined by law on the twenty-first day
of June, m the year eighteen hundred and sixty,
and upon such selection and relocation, the title
to said square body of land, the same being the
one fifth partofthe private claim confirmed to said
heirs as aforesaid,so selected and relocated, shall
be, and is hereby, confirmed to the said heirs of
the said Luis Maria Baca as fully and perfectly
as if the same had been selected and located within
three years from and after the approval of the act
aforesaid.
Sec.2. And be it further enacted, That upon such
selection and relocation all right, title, and interest
of the said heirs of Luis Maria Baca, of, in, and
to the square body of land heretofore selected and
located by them on the Pecos river, adjoining the
Port Sumner reservation in New Mexico, is here-
by divested and declared null and void, and the
same shall revest in the Government of the United
States.
Approved, June 11, 1864.
Chap. CXXl V.—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the thii lieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, and forother purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby,appropriated, outofanv money
