1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2781'
measures. That has been the universal custom
of the Senate, after the morning hour, to allow
bills upon which the action of the body must be
had to take precedence of any private Gills. Un-
less that rule be insisted upon by the Senate it
will be difficult to get along at this stage of the
session. As a matter of course, it is entirely
within the power of the Senate; but it is my duty
to submit the motion. The resolution that I pro-
pose to take up is a joint resolution amendatory
of the joint resolution to increase temporarily the
duties on imports, approved April 29, 1864. A
great many lawsuits and a great deal of litigation
have grown out of that resolution, and it is very
important to have action upon this amendatory
resolution at an early day.
Mr. CONNESS. It is only ten minutes past
the morning hour. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio what the resolution he pro-
poses to take up relates to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will remember
that sometime since we passed a joint resolution
temporarily increasing the duties on imports fifty
per cent. There is some doubt as to the precise
time when that resolution took effect, and whether
it operated upon goods in bond. Litigations and
disputes have arisen upon it, and it'is very neces-
sary to act upon this resolution in oider to define
the precise time when it took effect. I do not
think it will take long to considei it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 16: as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Blown, Buckalew, Caiiile,
Cl.irk, Cowan, Fo-tcr, Grime--. Hatns, .lohn-on, Powell,
Facliaul-oii, Sherman, Tun E>ck, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Conne-s. D.ivi^. iJoolittle. Hdilan, How-
aul, Ilowe, MeDouszall, 1'oineioy, Kanwv, Saulsbuiy,
Rpiacue, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Willey—16.
ABSG\T—Mc«sis. Chandler, Coliamer, Dixon, Fes^en-
deiij Foot, li,lie, Harding, Ilendu:>on, Hendticks, Hicks,
Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kaunas-, Morgan, Morrill, Nes-
mitl), Kiddle, Trumbull, and Wlight—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr CONNESS. I hope we shall now have a
vote without further discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the proposed amend-
ment?
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the yeas and nays
have been ordered upon that; but I will withdiaw
the call, with the consent of the Senate.
Mr. CARL1LE. 1 made a motion to indefinitely
postpone the bill and the amendment, and asked
for the yeas and nays upon that, which will test
the sense of th^ Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 have no objection to having
a test vote upon that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on indefinitely postponing the bill, and on that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CAIILILE. I will withdraw my motion
if it is desired, and allow the question to be taken
on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
may be withdrawn by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection. The question now is
on the amendment of the Senator fiom Iowa, and
upon that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Caihfe,Claik, Col-
lamer, IDoolitlle, Fe^endrn, Foster, Gilines, IlaiJait, Har-
ris, Johnson, Powell, Richardson, Sheiman, Sprague, Ten
Eyek, and Willev—IS.
]VAYS—Biown, Con es«. Davis. Howard, Howe,
M^Uougnll, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Saul-bury, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and W.hon— 14.
ABSCNT—Messis. (Ihaudloi, Co wan, I)i\on, Foot, Hale,
Hardin',', Henderson, Hendricks, Hick?, Lane ol Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Moigan, jVloiul', Ncj-mith, Riddle, Tiinn
bull, and Wr'ght—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. After thewoid "State,"
in the nineteenth line, I move to insert the words
(< not inconsistent with the laws thereof," so that
it will read:
Ur other proper aulhoiitv of the Roman Catnohe chinch
m !>aid State, toi the jmipo>en ot education au.\whcie
with in said Scale, not nieon?a^tenr with the la\v?  theicot.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 hardly know how to |
vote on this measure, and I desne to have the bill j
lead, with the anu ndmeiits, so that we may see j
how it now stands. |
The Secretary read the bill, as amended, as 1
follows: j
Be it enacted, <$c., That under the patent of the United 1
States l^ued on the 28th day ot' February, 1861, to Joseph
S. Alemany, as the bishop of Monterey, and his success-
01-3, lor the tract of land or laucho known as Oariada de
los Finos, or College Rancho, situate in the county of Santa
Baibara, State of California, as described m such patent,
to have and to hold the same to him and them "in trust
for the religious puiposes and uses" theiein mentioned, it
bhall be lawful tor the said Joseph S. Alemany and his suc-
cessors, as the grantees ot said patent, to sell the said tract
or rancho, or any part thereof, and all proper conveyances
in that behalf to make and deliver, and the proceeds thereof
to apply, under the duecuon of the Roman Catholic Arch-
bishop of Sail Francisco, in the State oi California, and his
bucces-^ors in office, or other pi opor authority of the Roman
Catholic chuieli in said State, lor the purposes of educa-
tion am wheie within said State, not meon-ir-tent with the
laws theieof, an.vthing in -Mich patent or m the original
giant or coiiee^um ot said tract or miicIiu, or other title
whereby the same was acquired troin and under the author-
ities ot Spain or Mexico, to the contiary notwithstanding,
and all tru-<t.-\ conditions, ptovisions, or covenants, prece-
dent oi sub-equent, e\piessed or implied, in said patent,
yrant, conce.---ion, oi title to the contrary heicof, and all
bleaches ol the same, aie heieby wholly waived, abio-
gafd, dischaiL't'd, dispensed with and released on the part
of the United States, for the put poses of this act; and any
conveyance oi deposition made in pursuance theieof shall
opeuite to pa^s all thengbtand interestol the United States
m said land to the giantee.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill ordered to be read a third time, it
was read the third time.
Mr. CARLKLE. If I understand this bill, the
Congress ot the United Status has no power to
grant the authority assumed in the bill. The only
effect that it can possibly have will be probably
lu convey the ltnpiession that rights may be ac-
quired under this act of Congiesa. If what is
desired ought to be granted, application should
be made to the Legislature of California, wherein
the land lies, for authority such as is proposed
to be conferred by this bill, or it may be made to
the judicial tribunals of that State. Certainly this
Government has derived no power to pass such
a Jaw simply because of a patent issued under a
grant which had been made by the Mexican Gov-
ernment. I therefore propose to record my vote
against this biil,and I ask for the yeas and nays
upon its passage.
The yeaa and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I confess that J see no such
difficulty as the Senator from Virginia seems to
see m this bill. I do not think that Congress is
transcending its power under the Constitution in
passing it. There was a time at least when the
United States had an interest in the hind in ques-
tion—a time at which the United States had pre-
cisely the same interest in the land that was pos-
sessed by the republic of Mexico which made
the oiiginal grant to the church. If I understand
it properly, thus grant was made by the republic
of Mexico to a religious corporation, either sole
or aggregate. I presume the grant was made to
the bishop of the diocese, who, by the usages of
the Chuich of Rome, under certain very ancient
orders of the Pope, was the proper person to hold
the title. The grant was made upon certain trusts
and conditions, and the object of the grant was
the promotion of the Roman Catholic leligion and
the maintenance of the Roman Catholic priest-
hood in that diocese. That was the object and
purpose of the republic of Mexico in making
the original grant.
The only question for us to determine, there-
fore, is whether the United States by acquiring
this title, by becoming, in other words, the suc-
cessor of Mexico to the sovereignty of the coun-
try, did notchaige itself with whatevertrusts and
duties pertained to Mexico previous to the cession
of the territory to the United States. I think the
United States aio the successor of Mexico in re-
spcct to this land, and that the United States are
bound by precisely the same obligations, what-
ever they were, which were once incumbent on
the republic of Mexico. It ceitamly cannot be
denied that the republic of Mexico was bound to
see to it m some form that the conditions and
trusts of this grant were earned out in good faith,
and that the land should bo appropriated for the
suppoit and maintenance of the church, or of the
priesthood; at all events, that it should be applied
to the puipuses intended by the repubheof Mex-
ico. The whole effect of the bill now before us
is to waive any right, power, or authority which
would otherwise pertain to the United States in
reference to the continuation of this trust thusat-
taching to the land under the original grant. The
United States does not seek to interfere'in any
way whatever beyond the mere abandonment of
any right, power, or privilege which-theGovern-
ment of the United States- might exercise, or ought
to exercise, in the enforcement of this trust. So
far, most assuredly, Mr. President, it is fit ^nd
proper for theUnitedStates to pass this bill. We
simply cut ourselves off for the future from de-
nying the right of the bishop or whoever may be
in possession of this land to make a conveyance
of it, and to sell it and transfer it from hand to
hand. That is the sole effect of our deed, and
the sole effect of this bill, as I understand it.
Hence I see no difficulty whatever, and shall vote
for the bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that all the
United States had to do with this land was made
its duty by virtue of the treaty entered into be-
tween us and Mexico, and that was to,carry out
m good faith the grants which had been made by
the Mexican Government; That has been done
by the United States in the issuing of the patent
with the condition and covenants contained in it
and which were imposed by the grant. Any fu-
ture disposition of this property or the enforce-
ment of any of the conditions contained in the
grant must be made or must be had through the
Legislature or through the State of California,
which has entire and sole jurisdiction over the
lands within its limits. After the Government of
theTJnited States had performed its duty in rela-
tion to this grant under the treaty entered into
with Mexico, ail authority which it had over the
land ceased so far as related to thcenforcementof
the grant, the changing or altering of the grant,
or the release of the grantee from any of the cov-
enants attached tothegiarvk. Any application to
change the grant or todisposeofit or which seeks
to make an entirely different diversion of the fund
should be made to the State of California and not
to the Government of the United States. Why,
sir, the grantees under patents ofland held in the
Senator's own Stateissued by thy Government of
the United States might as well come to the Con-
gress of the United States and claim a change in
those grants or an alteration of them as this
Bishop of Monterey.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Connoss, Ooolittle,
Fessenden, IIailan,IIowaid, llowe, McDougall,Fomeroy,
Ramsey, Richardson, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carhle, Clark, Coliamer,
Davis, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Fow-
cll, Saultbury, and Ten Eyek—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Dixon. Foot,
Ilale, Fiaiding, Hendneks, Ihcks, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morgan, Muirill, Nes>inith, Riddle, Trumbull,
and Wiight—1C.
So the bill was passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their utles, and referred as indicated
* below:
A bill (No. 274) in relation to the computation
of the time within which an indictment may be
found against persons charged with crimes
against the laws of the United States—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 281) to amend the sixteenth section
of the act entitled "An act to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officers of the Aimy, and
for other purposes," approved July 17,1862—to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 284) to prevent the selling and cir-
culation of counterfeit coin, and of counterfeit and
altered Treasury notes and postal currency bills
—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 305) to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and to provide for the pay-
ment of certain demands for quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplus furnished to the
Army of the United States—to the Committee on
the Judiciary. *
A bill (No. 497) in relation to the village of
Deposit, Delaware county, New York—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 513) to detach the counties of Cal-
houn and Branch from the western judicial dis-
