1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
cents. It seems to me to be impossible in an ap-
propriation bill of this character to calculate to
the exact dollars and cents. Perhaps the chair-
man of the Finance Committee will tell us how
he arrives at the precise amount where the ap-
propriations are so large.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will under-
stand that the committee are necessarily obliged
to take the estimates of the Departments as to the
amounts they want under each particular head.
Those estimates we examine in general to see if
there is anything on an examination that would
authorize us to reduce them. If not, we report
appropriations according to the estimates. In
making out their estimates the Departments go
through a lar«;e number of details, what they want
under the different heads, predicated on the best
information they have. They then add them up
and send to us what they come to according to
their detailed estimates. I think it would be as
well to make the appropriations in round dollars
myself; but they do not choose to do so; they
choose to be more exact; and we do not feel au-
thorized to make any change in that respect.
Mr. POMEROY. I should suppose that an
appropriation of $1,000,000 or $1,000, as the case
may be, would be near enough without adding
cents.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I think so too; but there
are some items perhaps in addition that make out
the cents, and they send us the exact sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
after line one hundred and forty-nine, to strike
out the following clause:
For the medical and hospital department, $3,935,640.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For medicines?, instruments, and difissing*. $2,715,000.
For hospital stores, bedding, 8tc., $3,587,8.72.
For hospital fuimtuie and field equipments-, $018,000.
For book's, stationary, and printing, $-120,000.
For ice, fruits, and other comforts, $300,000.
For hospital clothing, $750,000.
For citizen iiuMOb,,$210,000.
For care of sick soldier* in private hospitals, $31,200.
For artificial limbs for soldiers and seamen, $45,000.
Foi citizen physicians, and medicines furnished by them.
$405,000.
For hire of clerks and laborers in purveyinc depots,
$75,000.
For examining and recording meteorological observations
taken at the military post-3 of the United States Army, $750.
For Anny medical museum, $5,000.
For contingent expenses of the medical department,
$47,838.
For laboratory for testing and rearranging medicines and
hospital supplies, $3,<>00.
For wa-hins and washing-machines for hospitals where
matrons cannot he employed, $15,0o0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON". I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the fourteenth line the following:
For copying official reports of the armies of the United
States for publication, $5,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear some
explanation of the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. General Halleck, in his re-
port which was sent here by the Secretary of
War, recommended, not only for the preservation
of the documents but for the advantage of the
Government, that we should publish the various
reports from the armies, and we have passed a
joint resolution thiough the Senate for their pub-
lication. The Adjutant General sends us a letter
in which he says they have made an estimate of
what it will cost for additional clerk hire to pre-
pare the necessary copies in the form for publica-
tion; the amount will be from four to five thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does your committee
recommend this ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the bill
by inserting after line forty-two,at the end of the
clause making an appropriation for the pay of
volunteers, the following:
Provided, That if any ofheer nt the regular or volunteer
forces s-hali employ a soldier as a servant, such officer shall
not be entitled to any pay or allowances lox a servant, but
shall be subject to the deduction irom liis pay requited by
the third section of th" act entitled "An act to define the
pay and emoluments of ceitain officers of the Army, and
lor other purpo-et.," approved July i7,18G2: Jlnd provided
further, That the second section of the act entitled "An
act giving futther compensation to the captains and subal-
terns of the Army of the United States in certain cases," al-
lowing ten dollars additional per month to any officerin act-
ual command ofacompany, as compensation for hi* duties
and responsibilities, with respectto the clothing, arms, and
accouterinetits of the company, shall be construed to apply
only to company officers m actual command as aforesaid.
Mr. President, we passed a law some time ago
which this amendment is intended more effect-
ually to carry out. A practice has grown up re-
cently in the Army,as 1 find from a report of the
Second Comptroller, Mr. Brodhead, that field
officers have been claiming the ten dollars which
the jaw allows to commanders of companies ad-
ditional a month for taking care of the arms and
equipments of their companies. It is without
law; and this amendment is designed to correct a
construction which has recently grown up, and
it will save money to the Government.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. WILSON. I have another amendment
which I wish to add to the bill as an additional
section:
Jind be it further enacted, That enlistments hereafter
made in the regular Army of the United States during the
continuance of the present rebellion may be for the term
of three years.
+#nd be U further cnacted. That all persons of color who
have been or may be mustered into the military bervice of
the United States shall receive the same uniform, clothing,
arms, equipments, camp equipage, rations, medical and hos-
pital attendance, pay, and emoluments other than bounty,
as other soldiers of the regular or volunteer forces of like
arm of the seivice, from and alter the 1st day of Jamiaiy,
1864 j and that every per&on ol eolot who shall hereafter be
musteied into the service shall receive such humsm bounty
as the President shall order in the different States and parts
of the United States, not exceeding $100.
Jlndbe it. further enacted. That all persons enlisted and
mustered into the service as volunteers imder the call
dated October 17, lb(33, for three bundled thousand volun-
teers who were at the time of enlistment actually enrolled
and subject to draft in the State in which they volunteeied
shall receive from the (Jutted States the same amount of
bounty, without regaid to color.
Jlnd be xt fui ther enacted, That all pei^ons of color who
have been enlisted and musteied into the hcrviee of the
United States shall be entitled to receive the pay and
clothing allowed by law to other volunteers in the service
from the date of their muster into the service: Provided,
That the same shall have been pledged or piomised to
them by any officer or person who, in making such pledge
orpronitee acted by authoi ity of the War Department; and
the Secietaryof War is hereby authorized to determine
any question of fact arising under this provision.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the same piemium shall
be allowed for each colored leeruit now musteied or here-
after to be mustered into the sen ice of the United Plates
as is or shall be allowed by law for white recruits: Provided,
That the Secretary of War shall previously give his as-sent
to the same.
The first section of this amendment provides
for enlistments into the regular Army for three
years. We cannot enlist men into febe regular
Army for five years while we are enlisting vol-
unteers for three years. The interests of the coun-
try demand that we shall fill up the regiments in
the regular Army, and the proposed change fiom
five to three years increases the prospect of doing
so.
The four remaining sections of the amendment
are the identical provisions of the bill which passed
the Senate by a nearly unanimous vofe seven
weeks ago, to equalize the pay of troops in the
military service of the United Stales. That bill,
however, has not been acted upon by the House
of Representatives, and (he interests of the coun-
try are suffering on account of the non-action of
the House. Major Foster, to whom is commit-
ted the oiganization of coloied tioops, informed
me to-day that the enlistment dV coloied ti oops
in the northern States had nearly ceased. The
pressing needs of the country demand the enlist-
ment of all the men we can obtain, black or white.
Surely the country cannot expect that colored
men will enlist in a service so hazardous to their
liberty and their lives for seven dollars per month,
when they can earn three or four times thatamount
in tfye peaceful and safe avocations of life. In-
telligence comes to us from various sections of
the country that some colored regiments in the
field are in a state of discontent bordering on in-
subordination and mutiny on account of the treat-
ment they have received on the part of the Govern-
ment concerning their pay. Some of these regi-
ments were enlisted under the solemn pledges of
officers of the Government that they should re-
ceive the same compensation as white troops.
Other regiments have been organized during the
past six months with assurances of men in whom
they had a right to confide that the Congtess of
the United States would promptly place them on
an equality with other aoldieis. Thousands of
colored men have entered the service of the coun-
try under the plighted faith of officers of the Gov-
ernment, or on the assurances of gentlemen of in-
fluence and character, that the Government would
equalize the pay, and put them on an equality
with other defenders of the Republic. This lon^
dela'y of Congress to do justiee to men who are
bravely periling liberty and life for a Govern-
tnent that cannot or does not protect them against
rebel barbarities cannot but depress their spirits
and imbitter their feelings,and thereby impair the
discipline and diminish the power of colored regi-
ments. I was told yesterday by Mr. Webster, of
Philadelphia, who has just returned from General
Butler's department, that he found some of the
colored regiments m a state of discontent tending
to insubordination and mutiny. Mr. Webster isa
gentleman ofgreatenergy, and has taken an active
part in raising seven thousand colored soldiers in
Pennsylvania, and he assures me that this fail-
ure of Congress to increase the pay of colored
soldiers is not only checking enlistments but dis-
astrouslyaffecting the men already in the field.
Some of the regiments first raised in South Car-
olina were promised and received thirteen dollars
per month, but that promise has not been kept,
and they are now paid only seven dollars per
month. The discontent in these regiments has
become so great that a mutiny broke out in the
third South Carolina volunteers, and the leader of
it, who was a sergeant, has been shot for mutiny,
and others are under arrest and they too may be
tried and shot for violation of discipline, im-
pelled by a burning sense of our in justice. I am
informed by a gentleman from Ohio of irtelli-
gence and character, who has just returned from
General Butler's department, that the tenth Uni-
ted States colored infantry was paid on the day
the intelligence v/as received of the bloody mas-
sacre at Fort Pillow. Such was the intense ex-
citement growing out of the intelligence of that
brutal butchery, combined with the fact that they
received but seven dollars per month from the
hand of the same paymaster that paid thirteen
dollars per month to white soldiers, that two com-
panies were only restrained by the influence of
their officers from breaking out into open mutiny.
**Sir, we have raised about eighty thousand col-
ored troops. They are obedient,faithful, brave.
At Pott Hudson, Mil liken's Bend, Wagner, OIus-
tee, Paducah, Fort Pillow, every where wherever
they have been called to meet the enemies of our
country, they have proved their courage, con-
stancy, and devotion. Most of these colored
soldiers that we are paying the poor pittance of
seven dollars per month were earning from twenty
to thirty dollars per monfh. These men feel
that they have been deceived by those who eu-
listed them; that they are unjustly dealt with by
the Government, and they are dissatisfied atsuch
deception and injustice. The fifty-fourth regi-
ment of Massachusetts volunteers, that on the
bloody fields of Wagner and Olusteehave won a
glorious name, was enlisted under the solemn
pledge of the Governor of Massachusetts that they
should receive ihe same compensation as the other
regiments of that Commonwealth. On the 28th
of May that regiment left Massachusetts amid
the plaudits of the people for the coasts of South
Carolina. The men received a bounty of fifty
dollars from the State; they have been in the field
nearly eleven months. At Morris Island; at
Wagner, where Colonel Shaw, their accomplished
young leader, fell; at Olustee, whcie they were
pushed forward into the jaws of death to check the
advancing and victorious enemy, and cover and
save our defeated army, this gallant regiment, that
left Massachusetts with crowded ranks, has lost
halt its numbers in killed and wounded. This
regiment has never received one dollar of pay
during these eleven months from the Government
of the United States. These heroic men have
toiled for the country, fought for the country, bled
for the country, suffered for the country, and died
for the country that has broken its plighted faith
to them.
Sir, can we, dare we hope for the blessing of
Heaven upon our cause while we perpetrate these
wrongs or suffer them to remain unredressed?
Can we demand that the rebels shall give to our
colored soldiers the rights of civilized warfare
while we refuse to theui equality of lights? Can
we redress the brutal and bloody butchery at Fort
Pillow while wecontinue this injustice? Sir, th©
whole country is hoinfied at the barbarities per-
petrated by the rebels upon our colored soldiers.
