THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
* The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot with-
draw the objection. It is a matter of law, and
not even the unanimous consent of the House
can dispense with it.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the point of order.
' The SPEAKER. The law requires that all
propositions for the printing of extra numbers
shall be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COX. Well, if the gentleman will intro-
duce his proposition, and have it referred to the
Committee on Priming, I will vote for it when it
is brought back.
* Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will permit the whole matter to be recom-
mitted to the committee, they can report it back
immediately.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WASHIiURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio then to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, in order that I
may make a motion to commit both propositions
to the Committee on Prnuing.
Mr. COX. There is no necessary connection
between the two resolutions. If the gentleman
will vote for our resolution, and then bring in his
own, we will sustain it when it comes properly
from the committee.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps the gentleman from
Ohio will consent to include General Butler's re-
ports ?
Mr. COX, General Butler's 1
Mr. DAWES. Yes, General Butler's. The
gentleman 'x early education ought to induce him
to stand hy Genoa) Butler.
The House divided on the demand for the pre-
vious question; and theie were—ayes 63,noes61.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Cox, and Wasiiburne of Illinois, as tell-
ers.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 72,
noes 63.
S<> the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. 1 demand
the yeas and nayson ordering the main question.
Mr. COX. 1 hope the gentleman will yield
gracefully.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 69; as follows:
YKAiS—Mrsvr.x. James O. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
emia, Hiiily, AiiojtwMJ.s C. Baldwin, Francis? P. Blair, Jacob
15. Blair, Biooks, James S. Brown, William G. itrown,
('hauler, Clay, Colfioth, Cox, Ciavons, Thoma« T. Davis,
Dawson. Mini, tfrigciton, EUiiidiie, Kn^li-li, Fun U, Gan-
son, (Jrult'r, Giiswold. Halo, Hall, ii.udmjx, Hamilton,
BenjaminG. llairN, Ileriick. flnltunn, Hutching William
Johnson, Kalbtlei.sch, Kernau, King, Law, La/i-ai, Le
Blond, lionjr, Mnlloiy, Maic\, Me Allium, Mi Unwell. Me
Kinney, Muldleton, Gaines U. Monis, Motiihoii, N< Uon,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, I'endloton, I'oineroy, Uaelioul,
Sauiuel J. Bandall, Bobntson, Jamex S. Uolhns, Hoj-s
Soolt, Stt-blnn-, John B. Stovlo, William G. ShM*lc, Snlo-=,
Sweat, Thomas, Van Valkeiiburjrh, Vooihecs, WadMvorth,
Waul, Webster, Wlialey, Chilton A. White. Joseph W.
White, mid Fomatido Wood—*/6.
NAYS—Mes^is, A Hey, A 111-on. Ander-on. John D. Bald-
win. Baxter, Beatn.ui, Blow, Bontwell, Biande<;o<\ Bioom-
all, AiuIjiomj W. Ciaik, Uobb. Cole, llonry Winter i)avis?
Duves, Delimit,', Divo, Donrndly, Di ({£; ■, Ihunont, I2ok
l"V, TSIior, Fau.sworili, Ponton, Fiank, Gooeh, (innnell,
Ilij?by, llnopei, Asaln I W. Ilubbaid, John If. Hubhnid,
linlbiird. KasM>n, Kellev, 1'i.Miris, W. lOllop . Oilando
Kt'llojrff, Ijomryeai, Marvin, iVIrBiide, Medina, Mehidoe,
•StiuiiK'l F. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Mom*, Amos Myers,
Leonatd M)eis.. Notion, (,'narles O'Neill, Ottli, Patterson,
Perham, Bike, Price, Alexnudfi II Rice, John II. Rice,
Edwaid II. Rollins.Seheuek, Hoofidd, Shannon, Simthers,
Starr, Slovens, l/p^on. F-hhu 15. Wa^iburne, William B.
Washburn, Willi,tins. Wilder, Wilson, and Wmdom—G9.
So the mam question was ordered.
During the loll-eall,
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Mil-
ler, of Pennsylvania, was unavoidably absent.
Mr. TRACY stated that he had paired olf with
his colleague, Mr. Miller.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN gave notice that lie had
paired with his colleague, Mr. Norton, until
Tuesday next upon all questions, Mr. Norton
having been called away by unavoidable business.
The icoult of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question lecuried upon
Mr. Cox's amendment to reduce the number of
copies from fifty thousand to ten thousand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question now being upon agreeing to the
resolution as amended,
Mr. FARNS WORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays weie oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Jam^C. Alton, William J. Allen, An-
eona, IJaily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Fiancss P. Blair, Jacob
B. Blair, Jaincs P. Brown, William G. Biown, Chanler,
Clay, Coilioth, Cox, Ciavens, Thomas T. Davit, Dawson,
Eden, ISdgorton, Eldiidgc,English, Finck,Gannon, Glider,
Gri^wold, [lale, Hall, Hauling, Benjamin G. Harris, ller-
uck, Hohnan, Hutching WiJham johnson, KalMleisch,
Kernan, King, Law, Lascar, Le Blond, Long, Mollory,
Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, McKmney, Middleton,
James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomerov, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander fl. Ihoo, Ilobinson, James S Rollins, Ross,
Scott, Stebhins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Sweat, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh, Vooihee.s, Wad-nvorth,
Ward, Woh-ter, Wiialcy, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Wmfield, and Fernando Wood—76.
NAYS— MesMs. Alley, Allison, Andei^on, Ainoid, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Bouiwell,Brandegee,
Bioomall, Ambio^e W. Clink, Cobb.. Cole, flomy Winter
Davis, Dawes, Domini.', Dixon, Dounellv, Dnmoi.t, Eliot,
Farusworth, Fenton,'Gooc!i, Grirmeli, Higbv, Asahei W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Hulbmd, Julian, Ka-?on, Kcl-
loy, Fianeis W. Kellojz!?,Oilando Kellogg, Long.vear, Mar-
vin. McBiide, MeChng, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Noi ton, Charles O'Neill, Ouh,
Patterson, Purham, Pike, Puce, John 11. ltiee, Edward II.
Rollins, Seheuek, Scofinid, Shannon. Sinitliers, Stair, Ste-
vens, Upson, Ehhu B. Washbume, William B. Washburn,
Wilhaiins, \Viidei, Wilson, and Windom—G4.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FIUOISDMEN'S BUltEAU.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of House bill No.
51, to establish a Huieau of Freedmen's Affairs,
reported from the select committee on the subject,
on which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
ICalbfleiscii] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Moans was ordered yesterday to report, hack
the gold bill to-day. The committee is now ready
to leport, if it have the opportunity.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Kalbfleisch] is on the floor, and
cannot he taken off by the leport.
Mr. STEVENS. The report is ready when-
ever theie is an opportunity to present it.
Mr. FENTON. I ask my colleague over the
way to j>ive way one moment while 1 ask to have
a bill referred to a committee.
Mr. ELIOT, it is objected to all round.
Mr. IvALUFLEbSCIi. Mr. Speaker, the elo-
quent appeal made by the chairman of the com-
mittee on emancipation m behalf of the freedmen
of African do«crnt,and his very cloverargument
to prove the legal power of Congress, as well as
his ingenious mode of attempting to demonstrate
the sound policy of establishing the contemplated
P.ureau of Freedmen's Affairs, have, I am com-
pelled to say, signally failed to change my former
opinions on that subject, and the remarks made by
the gentleman from California werenotof a char-
acter to shake my previous convictions relative
thereto.
There are many oilier reasons which may be
offered in opposition to the passage of the bill, aside
from the objections already alluded to m the rni-
nority report of the same committee; and although
they should, in my opinion, be deemed suifieient
of themselves to cause us to pause carefully, and
reflect, and weigh without bias its provisions be-
fore it be allowed to become a law, they are, nev-
ertheless, worthy of consideration as furnishing
at least food for meditation.
The best and I believe the most sincere friends
of those freedmen of Aft lean descent only demand
that they be taken care of during their infancy
as freedmen, and a wholesome guardianship be
placed over i hem during that period. This in my
opinion should be done by the philanthropist and
the chautable.
If these freedmen are incapable of assuming the
lights and privileges to which they seem to be
entitled under the emancipation proclamation of
the President or any legislative action, and aie
mentally unable to peifoim*the duties devolving
upon them in their new social relationship, anil
are insensible of the fact that they are really freed-
men, they should be made awaie of it at once to
the fullest extent their perception will admit; and
to this end Governmentmight perhaps be justified
in lending its aid. Not however by undct taking to
regulate their affaiis through the agency of Gov-
einnient officialsj ioi experience mustha\e long
since convinced the most skeptical that there is
no safety in such a system as is proposed by the
bill under consideration. Let the intentions of its
framers have been ever so pure and honest, the
proposed manner of putting the bureau into op-
eration is defective, unjustifiable, and fallacious
from its inception; it would be next to impossible
to find so large a number of employes as would
be necessary to honestly and faithfully carry out
the benevolent intentions of the bill.
If it is intended to cultivate the confiscated or
abandoned lands or plantations and improvements
as they now exist, and place these Aeedmen upon
them with an official to govern and control their
labor and domestic affairs, as appears to be con-
templated, who can doubt for a moment that it
will institute a species of servitude which must
prove worse in its results than the system of
slavery it seeks to destroy? It ought not there-
fore to receive the countenance of any one who is
opposed to supplanting one evil he knows by
another he knows not of, and which may prove
the greater of the two.
If on the other hand it is intended to divide the
confiscated or abandoned lands into small parcels,
tenementsand all necessary outbuildings will have
to be erected for the accommodation of the freed-
men, and farming utensils and cattle procured for
their use.
Should the Supreme Court of the United States
decide—as I do not doubt in the slightest they
will—thatthe Government only acquires the right
to hold confiscated real estate during the lifetime
of the person attainted of treason, the incurring of
the vast expenditure necessary to carry-out the
purposes of the bill upon so slight a tenure would
be madness in the extreme, entirely unwarranta-
ble; and gi anting even that it could be legally done,
it is without a semblance of justification to urge
in its favor. I admit that a majority of the mem-
bers of this House may and do express views
differing from those 1 entertain in regard to the
piopei construction of the language of the Con-
stitution controlling this subject. If, however,
we allow oqrlegislation in the absence of all legal
adjudication, in matters of such vast importance
and upon which opinions appear to differ so
widely, to be governed hy our political impulses
and not by the written law which we have sworn
to observe, our acts must of necessity be variable
and contiadictory, and may cause the commission
of wrongs which can never be atoned for.
There does not appear to be any limitation as
to the amount of money to be expended under
the provisions of the bill. The general power
it confers to issue bonds for purposes named
therein without fixing the amount, even admitting
the whole action to be within the scope and power
of congressional legislation, is one which should
only be delegated in cases of the most urgent ne-
cessity.
The amount of money needed for this experi-
ment—for I can call it by no other name—should
have been slated in the bill, and the expenditure
confined within its limit, for it is after all only
a trial, the anticipated results of which may fail
to be realized. I must confess that I look upon
it v. uh doubt and suspicion and entertain no con-
j fidence in its ultimate success. The only case
that I know of bearing the least resemblance to
the proposed plan was that provided for in the
will of John Randolph for freeing and colonizing
his slaves; and although this was sanctioned by
law, it proved nevertheless a total failure.
I believe that legislation upon this subject should
be left with the States, wheie it propeiiy belongs.
They are themselves, as distinct political socie-
ties, capable of managing their own affairs and
governing their own people,and it is not our prov-
ince to seek in this manner to interfere with or
attempt to destroy their legislative powers.
The proposed project would enable the Federal
Government to seize upon lands originally aban-
doned by their loyal owner under ciicumstances
entirely beyond his control, select a class of people
\\ ho aie to hold them, and prescribe the terms by
which they are to be held; an exercisc of power
more despotic than the imperial Government of
Russia within any portion of its tenitory. It de-
stroys at a blow the solemnly guarded power of
States over their lands and inhabitants, and may
give to social and political enemies m remote por-
tions of the country supreme legislation in those
i matteis of State and domestic concern which a
