2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
trict of the State of Michigan—to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution (No. 87) amendatory of an
act to provide for the deficiency in the appropri-
ation for the pay of officers and men actually em-
ployed in theWestern department or department
of Missouri—to the Committee on Pinancc.
COUKTS IN WISCONSIN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
of Representatives have returned the bill (S. No.
55) in relation to the circuit court in and for the
district of Wisconsin, and for other purposes,
with an amendment, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to add at
the end of the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to inteilere with executions, processes, or orders of
sale already in part executed, but the same shall procccd
and be pctlecit;d as if tins act-had not been passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My colleague Is not in
the Chamber at this moment, and I ask that that
amendment may be allowed to lie on the table
until he comes in, so that we may haveaconsult-
ation about it, and determine whether it is proper
to ask for a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie upon
the table for the present.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to postpone
all prior orders with a view to take up House
joint resolution No. 81.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 81) amend-
atory of the joint resolution to increase tempo-
rarily the duties on imports, approved April 29,
1864. As the joint resolution to increase tempo-
rarily the duties on imports was approved by the
President on the 29th of April, at thirty minutes
past seven o'clock p. m., but was not promul-
gated until the day following, the resolution pro-
vides that that joint resolution shall notbedeemed
to have taken effect until the 30th of April, 18GL
It is not to he construed to include goods in pub-
lic store, bonded warehouse, or bonded for ware-
housing or transportation prior to the 30th of
April, 18G4; and any duties which have been ex-
ucu d and icceived contrary to the provisions of
this resolution are to be refunded by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The Committee on Finance reported the joint
resolution with on amendment, to insert after
" in line five, the folio win": words:
Nor shull resolution bo held to apply to good^ which
had been actually entered and iho dut o> paid, and loceived
by the eolleeioi, under the lawsexitingat the time ot the
pa^s-ay ol said isolation, beloie the cullecioi had knowl-
edge of it-4 pasf a e.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will not
agree to this amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance. I do not know whether it will he persisted
in or not. The amendment if agreed to will re-
lease from duty all goods in the bonded ware-
houses of the United States. It is a very import-
ant amendment,and 1 trust it will not be adopted.
Mi. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken.
The amendment now before the Senate haw lef-
erence merely to goods imported up to a ceitam
date.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask that it be read
again, and the Senate will see what it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the resolution be read
as it will lead if amended, so that we may under-
stand it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the said joint resolution shall not be
deemed tu huvc tak'-n cilect until the, --.iid 3Uth day ol April,
180 1; uor^li.Ul j-.tid ie.>ohiiion he lu-ld to npplv to goods
whn-h had been actually enteied and the dmi"s paid, and
joceived by tlie coilectoi, under the laws oxi-tin? at the
tune ot the passage <>i *aid resolution, beams the colic* toi
had knowledge n( its p;i*>:u*e. And the .said resolution .
M'.al. riot bo cojs-titied to include yoods in public *toie,
^vurt'hoi^c, or bondfd fui warehous-mi^or tian-nor- !
tat ion puor to the?>aid 30th day of April, 16G4; and any duties I
\\iiu i i-ii.ul hauj buon exacted <uai leceived contiaiy to '
' t'lK resolution bhaii be leiundcd by the [
fcM'uei.m ottlie Ire imuj. j
Mr. SHERMAN. ] should explain that the >
ainendme.it now under consideration is intended i
io apply i.m!y to poj ts whore notice had notb^en '
reewv* d «u:d pa> nient of amies hud bceu made !
prnu to the at iu<iI notiu . l o avoid the necessity |
of ilus fimimhimit I will piopo.*>canother, which, !
if it is in ordci, 1 will oilei now, to insert after I
the word " until," in the fourth line, the word
" after;" so that it will read:
That the paid joint resolution shall not be deemed to
have taken effect uutil after the bend 30th day ofApnl, 1864.
That will allow one full day for notice to all
the ports in the United States, and it is presumed
that for every port of the United States where
goods are in warehouse that day will be sufficient
for notice.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Ohio that his amend-
ment is not now in order, not being strictly an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope the Senate
will notagreeto the amendment of the committee,
so that I can modify the resolution in this par-
ticular.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that, if the purpose of Congress
now is to have the law take effect from the time
the notice was given, it is but just to the Pacific
coast to allow at least one day more, because one
day is not sufficientfor telegraphic dispatches with
certainty to go to San Francisco. An average of
two days, or three days, is more nearly the time.
I make this suggestion because it is but simple
justice that such an addition be made to their
time. Of course my purpose is not to exempt
them from the payment of any duty that they
should pay. But, as I stated before, if the pur-
pose of Congress is that the law should be deemed
to have taken effect from the time at which they
received notice, I should liketohaveitsoamended.
I leave the language to the Senator, but suggest
that the same privileges be extended to importers
on the Pacific coast that would be extended under
the amendment proposed to importers on this side
of the continent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This resolution as it was
originally drawn and came from the House of Rep-
resentatives provided that the previous resolu-
tion should not take effect until the 80th of April.
It was thought that that was hardly time enough,
and therefore the Committee on Finance proposed
an amendment that it should not take effect until
notice was received at the diffeiont places. The
Secretary of the Treasury was of opinion that
that would produce confusion, and we had some
very considerable doubt about it. The amend-
ment suggested by tlie Secretary is the amend-
ment which the Senator fiom Ohio now proposes,
that it shall not take effect until after the 30th of
April. The 30th of April came on Saturday, the
1st day of May was Sunday, and the result
would be that it would not take effect for any
business purpose until Monday. That gives all
the time that is necessary anywhere.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would be the 2d of
May.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. That would do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment was
drawn with that uew. As the 1st of May came
on Sunday, and no duties are paid on that day, it
substantially gives all the time necessary every-
where. T do not see any objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be upon agreeing to the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now move in the
fourth line of the resolution, after the word ki un-
til," to insert the word " after;" so that it will
read:
That the said joint absolution shall not be deemed to have
taken ciloet until aitur the taid 3Uth day ot Apul, lt?G4.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out in the
tenth line the word " not" and to insert the word
45 remaining," after the word "goods," m the
same lino; and in the eleventh line to strike out
the words " prior to" and insert the word {t af-
ter;" so that it will read:
And the caid resolution bbull be ron^tiued to include
sroods rernaumur m public store, bonded warehouse, or
bonded toi warehousing or transportation, alter the said
30th day of Apul, lfc'Gt.
This subject was discussed when the other res-
olution was under consideration, and the Senate
decided to apply these increased duties on goods
in store, ana I hope the Senate will adhere to that
decision, lfmy amendment should be agreed to,
as a matter of course that will be the effect of it.
I have before me a copy of the English law on
this same subject. The English always apply the
increased duties to the goods in store. I will read
an extract from the law as it now exists in Eng-
land. It is as follows:
"All goods whatsoever which now are or may be depos-
ited in any warehouse or place of {security, under any act
of Parliament passed or to be passed for the waiehou^ing
of goods, without payment of duty upon the nrst importa-
tion thereof, or which may be imported and on boaid any
ship, shall, upon being entered for home consumption, be
subject to such and the like duties as may at the tune of
passing such entry be due and payable on the like sort -vf
goods, under any act or acts parsed for imposing any _.ty
or duties of customs which shall or may be in loice ol the
time of passing such entry, pave and except m cases where
special piovis-iona shall be made in any such act or acts to
the contrary."—16 and 17 Vic., cap. 107, sec. 20.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have notlooked at the Brit-
ish statute; but I rather think the honorable mem-
ber will find there is a very material difference be-
tween the warehousing acts of England and our
acts on this subject. The ground which 1 main-
'tained and presented to the Senate on this ques-
tion when it was before it on a former occasion
was that there was as between the importer or
owner of goods in warehouse and the United
States a contract, which such a proposition as my
friend proposes would, as I thought, violate; it
would not be keeping good faith with the importer.
When goods are stoied by the importer, he en-
ters into a bond by which he is bound to pay the
amount of duty then imposed, and the penalty of
the bond is fixed with a view to that amount, and
the amount that would be recovered by any of the
bonds that these gentlemen have given would be
the amount of duty to which the goods at the time
when they were bonded were liable for.
The British law as I think—I speak not from
a very distinct recollection, buta general recollec-
tion—does not require any ascertainment of the
duties to which the goods are liable at the time
when they are bonded. They are permitted to
go into a warehouse, and when they are taken out
they nie to pay the duties which such goods are
then liable ior. It is, therefore, as I think, rea-
soning j [logically, reasoning falsely, if I can use
such a term, to apply the example in England to
our own case. The practice of England is always
to observe with studious good faith every piom-
ise which the Government makes to its mer-
chants. If tlie Government of England had a law
like ours which gave authority to warehouse
upon condition that the owner would entcrinto a
bond to pay the duties to which the goods were
then liable, they never would have thoughtof tell-
ing him he should not take them out afterwards
and sell them unless he would pay any additional
duty which the Government might think proper
to exact. There is, therefore, a diffeience be-
tween the two cases.
It is true that the Senate, when this matter was
before them some days ago, thoughtit was right to
impose such additional duty upon goods in ware-
house; but it is very evident from the passage of
this resolution by the House of Representatives
that the House m the original resolution which
this is intended to explain, never contemplated
levying a tax upon goods in warehouse. It is
for us to say, if the House committed a blunder
from a want of such clear, unambiguous phrase-
ology as would make their purpose clear, whether
the Senate will hold the House to the conse-
quences of that mistake. It is clear to my mind
that but for that mistake these additional duties
never could have been levied upon goods in ware-
house. it was not suggested as the eifect of the
original resolution. The House passed the reso-
lution, therefore, without any idea that that was
to be its effect, and it was not until the Secretary
of the Treasury placed upon it the construction
which brought these goods within the operation
of that resolution, that the House saw they had
committed the mistake, and at once, as far as
| they had the power, endeavored to correct it by
passing the explanatory resolution now upon
your table. The object of my friend's amend-
ment is to defeat that explanatory resolution, so
as to make the House stand by the consequences
of their original mistake.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no doubt but
what the joint resolution to be modified by this
resolution applied to goods in bonded warehouse.
That was the conduction put upon it by the
Committee on Finance of the Senate. Itwasthe
