1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2783
construction put upon it by the Senate after de-
bate, and that construction was adopted by the
Scpate on a motion to correct the resolution in
that particular. It is also the construction put
upon it by the Treasury Department, and which
lias been acted upon since. The goods in bonded
warehouse after the date referred to in this reso-
lution when withdrawn for consumption paid the
duties. If we propose now to refund all the du-
ties that have been paid on goods in bonded ware-
house since the 1st day of May, and to release all
the goods still in bonded warehouse, as a matter
of course, notwithstanding all we hoped to get
from that lcsolution, we shall derive but very lit-
tle benefit from it. I sec no breach of faith in the
matter. Congress has a right to levy the duty
at the time when the goods enter into the con-
sumption of the country. The importer may if
he chooses put the goods into public warehouse,
and lie may leexport them without the payment
of duty; butif they enter into the consumption of
the country there is no hardship in requiring him
to pay the duty.
If any other construction was adopted, it would
be a large bounty to the importers. Their goods
have advanced already in the market equivalent
to the duty, and if they now can enter their goods
for consumption at the prices that prevailed be-
fore the increase of duty, it is substantially a
bounty to them of the amount of the duty. At
this time, it seems to me, the Government is in
no condition either to refund the duty paid or to
give them the benefit of that bounty. The law
that I have read shows that in England, where
this matter is well understood, they impose the
duty in force at the time the entry is made for
consumption.
I am also told another fact, that since we have
imposed the increased duties on goods on ship-
boaid, they have changed the form of the bond,
and the condition of the bond now has been for
more than a year that the importer shall pay the
duty in force at the time of theentry; so that the
point raised by the honorable Senator from Ma-
ryland does not now exist, and has not existed
since the change of the law placing the increased
duty upon goods on shipboard and in transitu.
It seems to me, therefore, the whole reasoning
upon which lie bases his argument falls. I will
not go over the ground now, because the Senate
have discussed this matter fully before, and by a
vote held that it was right under the circumstances
in which we were placed to put this duty on
goods. Perhaps ordinarily it would be wiser and
better not to levy the increased duties until all the
goods on shipboard, all the goods that have been
cudcred, and the goods in transitu in any form
had been entered for consumption at the old rate
of duties, but I think theie is no faith involved in
it, no principle involved in it. The Government
has the right to levy the duty at the time the
goods are entered for consumption in the coun-
try, and now it seems to me it is just and right
to do so.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio be adopted it
will make the resolution originally passed opera-
tive upon the 30th day of April.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the 30th day of April.
Mr. HENDERSON. That would be Mon-
day morning, the 2d of May, I understand. I
desire to state afact in connection with this amend-
ment that has come to my knowledge this morn-
ing. There is a large amount of railroad iron im-
ported by the railroads of Missouri that is at New
Orleans and has been there since 1861. No no-
tice whatever reached New Orleans of the passage
of the joint resolution increasing the duties within
time to enable them to take out that iron. It
would have been utterly impossible for them to
take it out befoie the 1st day of May. No no-
tice whatever could have reached tne paities at
St Louis in time to allow them to do so. I al-
lude to the Pacific Railroad Company. For a
lon<* time it was supposed the iron had been used
by The confederates ill making gunboats, and in
the confusion that resulted from the taking of
New Orleans it was m fact lost sight of,and they
refused to deliver it to the railroad company, and
the matter has been but recently adjusted. It
would ceiiamly operate very hard to make this
additional duty payable by constituents of mine
when in fact it would not be payable at other
points. For instance, in New York, Philadel-
phia, Boston, and all the ports upon the Atlantic
coast there was no difficulty about getting the no-
tice, and they had sufficient time to pay the duties
and take the goods out of bond. It would cer-
tainly operate very harshly if this amendment
were adopted without giving sufficient time for
it to operate also in New Orleans.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ So far as that particular
case is concerned it might be a ground of excep-
tion from the rule by an express exception, or
in a private bill; but it would not do to extend the
time in all the ports.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly you should
make it operative alike throughout the country.
You should net make one pay and another not.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be better to make
an exception in favor of that importation of iron
by the Pacific Railroad Company than to make
it general. If the Senator is in possession of all
the facts in that case, and can state them definitely
in an amendment, excepting from the operation
of this joint resolution the importation made by
the Pacific Railroad Company of the iron actu-
ally in New Orleans at the time the law took
effect, I will vote for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why not extend it a suf-
ficient time to cover all?
Mr. GRIMES. What is the case in regard to
the Pacific Railroad Company lias been the case
in regard to numerous persons doing business in
all the western cities. As an illustration, some
of my neighbors, who are dealers in crockery,
buy most of their goods at Liverpool. They had
imported a large quantity of goods, and they were
stored in bonded warehouse in New York. When
the resolution increasing the duties was passed a
few weeks ago, the meichants in New York, be-
ing aware that it was under consideration, and
having banking facilities by which they could im-
mediately secure the money with which to dis-
charge their liabilities, took their goods out of the
bonded warehouses. These gentlemen, removed
from the seaboard, fifteen hundred or two thou-
sand miles away, not at all conscious that any
such legislation was about to take place, and not
havinglhe facilities with which to pay up their
bonds, have been obliged under the operation of
that resolution to pay the additional duty, and
hence they are compelled to compete in the mar-
ket with men who have obtained their goods at a
price less this new imposition of duty. It is not
only the case in the instance 1 have stated, but
in regard to a great many merchants in Detroit,
Chicago, St. Paul, Cincinnati, and all the west-
em cities, who are in the habit of importing in
that way. It seems to me there ought to be some
uniform law on this subject. If the English law
be, as has been stated by the Senator from Mary-
land, that the bond provides that the person shall
be responsible for any duties assessed or that may
be assessed, then they execute the bond with a
fair and distinct understanding on their part.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state that that is in
our bond. Our bond was changed a year ago,
in conformity with our law which imposed the
duty on goods on shipboard.
Mr. JOHNSON. Our bonds have not been
changed.
Mi. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, they have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By regulation of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. JOHNSON. When?
Mr.SHERMAN. For a year past.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not in accordance with
law. The law distinctly says that the bond shall
be taken for the payment of the duties at the
time; and if such a change has been made it has
been made without any law. They have got no
law for it. I looked at the law when this question
was up befoie, and my vote was entirely regu-
lated by that law.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me we ought to
have a law to that effect if we have not got any,
and the bonds ought to be executed in compliance
with that law, and then the parties who sign these
bonds have a distinct understanding of what they
are going to be called upon to do. J?hen it would
be no hardship upon them, and they could not
claim that we were perpetrating any wiong on
them in imposing an additional tax; but it does
strike me as rather hard when a man has entered
into a bond in pursuance of a law that he will pay
us a certain amount of money by a specified day,
and we here, without any action on his part and
without his knowledge, by a voluntary act of le-
gislation, declare that he shall pay just double the
amount that he agreed to pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter excited some
discussion several times when it was up, either
last year or two years ago; I think it was two
years ago, when we passed the tariff law and
made a specific provision for the non-exemption '
of goods on shipboard to pay the duties. 1 stated
then that that provision was according to my judg-
ment, and that I thought also the law should be
changed so as to apply to goods in bonded ware-
house when they were entered for consumption.
I saw no reason why that should not be adopted
as a rule. I said that I should be willing to sup-
port that; that the great increase of value which
■was given by our law might very well be made
available to the Government. When the resolu-
tion upon which this resolution was predicated
was up the other day I objected to it. My reason
was that I thought then and think now that when
a change of system thus important is made, it
should be made on fair notice._ While I was for
a change of system, my objection to thatwasthat
it was sprung upon the country without a mo-
ment's warning. In that tariff bill we gave a
fortnight's notice, as the bill did not come into
operation until some fourteen or fifteen days after
its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. About three weeks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator says three
weeks. We gave ample notice, and I have since
steadily stood by that provision as the settled
policy of the country. I am still in favor of that
policy. I see no reason, with the Senator from
Ohio, why it should not be adopted as the policy
that goods, when they arc entered for the purpose
of consumption, should be subject to the duties
that may be imposed upon them at the time they
are thus entered. But I think in ordinary fair-
ness that that should only be done on fair.notice,
and that to seize at the instant upon goods that
may happen to be in a particular position is not
exactly carrying out the idea which I had when
I gave that notice with reference to my own action
in relation to goods that might be in bonded ware-
house.
I was influenced also very considerably the
other day by the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland with regard to the contract
entered into between the importer and the Gov-
ernment. I understand, however, as a matter of
fact, that the bond actually given within a cer-
tain date—I do not know when; the Senator from
Ohio is probably better informed than I am—at
the ports of entry now is and has been for some
period that they would pay the duties assessed
at the time and such further duties as might be
assessed when they were entered.
Mr. JOHNSON. That cannot be so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed it is so.
Mr. HENDERSON. It may be so, but there
is no law for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is another ques-
tion .
Mr. JOHNSON. What I meant to say was
that I thought it was a mistake. I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken in point of fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not. I have in-
formation which 1 think is direct upon that sub-
ject. My impression is it has been done under
'the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is my understanding;
but if there is any doubt upon that very material
point we might lay this resolution over until to-
morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be well
to let it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would be well to let it
he over that we may have the law on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land read from the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, no; the law of 1846.
Mr. HENDERSON. I looked the law up and
gave it to the Senatoi&from Maryland, the law of
184G; and there has been no law passed since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think at any
rate that would be likely to have any effect. As
the Senate is very thin we might as well allow
the resolution to lie over until to-morrow, and
ascertain how the fact is. I wish to say m ie~
gard to it, however, that if the bond stands under
the old law, that is to say, the law of 184G, which
provides definitely what bond shall be given, it
