1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
as the President shall orderjn the different States
and parts of the United States, not exceeding one
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That all per-
sons enlisted und mustered into service as vol-
unteers under the call, dated October seventeen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for three hun-
dred thousand volunteers, who were at the time
ofenlistment actually enrolled and subject to draft
in the State in which they volunteered, shall re-
ceive from the United States the same amount of
bounty without regard .to color.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons of color who were free on the nineteenth day
of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and
who have been enlisted and mustered into the
military service of the United States, shall, from
the time of their enlistment, be entitled to receive
the pay, bounty, and clothing allowed to such
persons by the laws existing at the time of their
enlistment. And the Attorney General of the
United States is hereby authorized to determine
any question of law arising under this provision.
And if the Attorney General aforesaid shall de-
termine that any of such enlisted persons are en-
titled to receive any pay, bounty, or clothing, in
addition to what they have already received, the
Secretary of War shall make all necessary regu-
lations to enable the pay department to make
payment in accordance with such determination.
Sec. 5. And be itfarther enacted. That all enlist-
ments hereafter made in the regular Army of the
United States, during the continuance of the pres-
ent rebellion, may be for the term of three years.
Approved, June 15, 18C4.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act to incorporate the Home
for Friendless Women and Children.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives nf the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Mary T. Hay, Eliza M. Morris,
Jane P. James, Eliza Wade Fitzgerald, Georgiana
F. Speaks, Emily B. Ruggles, Indiana Plant,
Mary Gray ham, Maria Virginia Brown, and their
associates and successors, are hereby created a
body-corporate and politic, with a common seal,
the right of succession, with ability to sue and
liability to be sued as a natuial person, and the
said corporation shall be known by the name of
The Home for the Relief of Friendless Women
and Children. The business of said corporation
shall be the establishment, in the city of Wash-
ington, or at a convenient and eligible point not
exceeding in distance seven miles from the city,
of an institution where provision can be made by
public charity for the care and relief of friendless
and deserving females, and for the care and main-
tenance of young orphan or destitute children,
male or female, who may be or arc likely to be-
come a charge upon public charity. And said
corporation shall possess and enjoy all the powers
essential and proper for the carrying out of the
purposes of its creation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
corporation may receive, take, and hold, by pur-
chase, gift, or devise, any real or personal estate,
for the purposes contemplated in this act: Pro-
vided, however, That the net annual income of
their real estate shall'not exceed thirty thousand
dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That Mary
T. Hay, Eliza M. Morris, Eliza Wade Fitzger-
ald, Georgiana Speaks, Emily B. Ruggles, Indi-
ana Plant, Jane F.James, Mary Gray ham, Maria
Virginia Brown, shall constitute the board of
managers until the lirst Monday of May, A. D.
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and until their
successors shall be chosen or elected as herein
provided. A meeting of the members of the as-
sociation shall be held on the first Monday of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, at some
convenient hour and place, in the eity of Wash-
ington, of which two weeks' public notice shall
be given by the board of managers, in two daily
newspapers published in the city of Washington;
and at such meeting the members of the associa-
tion who shall be present shall proceed to elect
a board of managers in the places of those hereby
designated or authorized; and any manager may
be reelected fiom time to time. Each member,
at such meeting, shall be entitled to one vote. An
annual meeting of the associates or corporators
shall, in like manner and upon like notice, be
held on the first Monday of May, in" each year
after eighteen hundred and sixty-five, for the elec-
tion of managers for the ensuing year; but if, in
any case, the said meeting shall, for any reason,
fait to be held on the day herein designated, the
same may, upon the notice above provided, be
held on any other day within three months there-
after; and the managers then elected shall hold
their offices until the first Monday of May next
ensuing, and until their successors shall be chosen,
as aforesaid. The said board of managers shall
have power to fill any vacancies occurring therein
between the regular elections above provided in
this act, and a majarity of said board shall form
a quorum for the transaction of business.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
board of managers shall have power to appoint
such agents, matrons, assistants, and tcachers,
and to employ such domestics and servants, as
shall be deemed necessary, and to make all need-
ful and proper regulations for their respective,
general, or specific duties, as well as for the gov-
ernment, direction, and control of all persons who
may at any time become inmates of the Home
authorized by this act, and may prescribe for the
children and youth committed to their care such
rules of discipline as shall be deemed by them
necessary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any child who, from the neglect or inability
of its parents or guardian to support it, shall be-
come a charge upon public charity, and shall be
surrendered to the charge of the association, pur-
suant to the provisions of this act, by such pa-rent
or by its guardian, or by the overseer or super-
intendent of the poor of said city of Washing-
ton, or other oflicei having the charge of the poor,
or whenever any destitute and dependent orphan
shall be surrendered to such institution, in the man-
ner herein provided, by an instrument in writing,
duly signed by such parent, guardian, or public
officer, the said board of managers may, in their
discretion, place such child to service with some
proper person under articles of indenture, to be
executed in due form of law, with such provis-
ions for maintenance and education as shall be
approved by one of the judges of the supfeme
court of the District of Columbia; and the said
board of managers are hereby authorized to per-
mit the adoption of any such child by any re-
spectable and proper person who, under provis-
ions to be approved as aforesaid, shall undertake
the maintenance, care, and proper education of
such destitute or orphan child.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That in case
of the death or legal incapacity of the father of
any dependent child, or of the imprisonment of
such father for crime, or of his abandoning or
neglecting to provide for his family, the mother,
if residing in the District of Columbia, shall be
deemed the legal guardian of her children for the
purposes of this act, and shall have power to
make the surrender aforesaid. But in case the
mother also be dead, or a non-resident of said
District, or legally incapable of acting in the
premises, or be imprisoned for crime, or neglect
to provide for such child,and in case there be no
guardian or other peison legally bound to sup-
port suchcliild,orqualifiedto make thesurrender
aforesaid, then, and in any such case, the superi n-
tendent of the poor, or the mayor of Washington,
or other public officer having charge of the poor,
shall,for the purposesof this act, be required,as
ex officio guardian of such child, and may make,
as such, the surrender of such child to the said
corporation by the instrument in writing afore-
said, which surrender shall, in all respects, be
as valid and effectual as if made by the father or
parentof such child: Provided, That no surrender
of any such child shall be made under the pro-
visions of this section, unless such surrender shall,
on examination, be approved by one of the judges
of the supremo court of said District.
Sec. 1. And be it further enacted, That the
board of managers may elect from their own num-
ber a president, vice president, and secretary; and
they may further elect a treasurer. They may,
m their discretion, appoint an executive commit-
tee, consisting of five members of their boaid,
who may junderthegencral direction of the board,
take charge of the affairs of the corporation during
any recess of the board.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That jtbe
treasurer of said corporation shall at any time
upon the call of Congress report a full and per-
fect statement of the affairs of such corporation,
the location, value, and income of all real estate
owned by it, the amount of its receipts, expend-
itures, investments, and personal estate, and all
other information which Congress may require.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That Con-
gress may at anytime alter,amend,or repeal this
act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatthisact
shall take effect immediately.
Approved, June 15, 1864.
Chap. CXXVI.— An Act concerning certain
School Lands in Township forty-five north,
Range seven east, in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America t  Congress
assembled, That all of the right, title, and interest
of the United States in and toali of th£ lots, tracts,
pieces, and parcels of land within the Grand
Prairie common field, in township forty-five north
of the base line, in range seven east of the fifth
principal meridian line in the Stateof Missouri,
which have not heretofore been disposed of by
the United States, shall be, and the same are
hereby, granted, relinquished, and conveyed by
the United States in fee-simple and in full prop-
erty, to the State of Missouri, for the support
of schools in said township: Provided, That
nothing in this act shall in any manner abridge,
divest, impair, injure, or prejudice any adverse
right, title, or interest of any person or persons
in or to any portion or part of the aforesaid lots,
tracts, pieces, or parcels of land which are grant-
ed, relinquished, or conveyed by this act.
Approved, June 15, 1864.
Chap. CXXVil. — An Act to prohibit certain
Sales of Gold and Foreign Exchange.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That it shall be unlawful to make any
contract for the purchase or sale and delivery of
any gold coin or bullion to be delivered on any
day subsequent to the day of making such con-
tract, or for the payment of any sum, either
fixed or contingent, irt default of the delivery of
any gold coin or bullion, or to make such con-
tract upon any other terms than the actual deliv-
ery of such gold coin or bullion, and the pay-
ment in full of the agreed price thereof, on the
day on which such contract is made, in United
States notes or national currency, and not other-
wise; or to make any contract for the purchase
or sale and delivery of any foreign exchange "to
be delivered at any time beyond ten days subse-
quent to the making of such contract; or for the
payment of any sum, either fixed or contingent,
in default of the delivery of any foreign exchange,
or upon any other terms than the actual delivery
of such foreign exchange within ten days from
the making of such contract, and the immediate
payment in full of the agreed price thereof on the
day of doliveryin United States notes or national
currency; or to make any contract whatever for
the sale and delivery of any gold coin or bullion
of which the person making such contract shall
not, at the time of making the same, be in actual
possession. And it shall be unlawful to make any
loan of money or currency not being in coin to
be repaid in coin or bullion, or to make any loan
of coin or bullion to be repaid in money or cur-
rency other than coin.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be further unlawful for any banker, broker, or
other person, to make any purchase orsale of any
gold coin or bullion, or of any foreign exchange,
or any contract for any such purchase or sale, at
any other place than the ordinary place of busi-
ness of either the seller or purchaser, owned or
hired, and occupied by him individually, or by a
partnership of which he is a member.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That all con-
tracts made in violation of this act shall be abso-
lutely void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any
