1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
free people claim exclusively the right to exercise
themselves.
I apprehend that no portion of the American
people would for one moment permit their lands
to be thus taken from them and placed in posses-
sion of the negro race without a bloody resistance.
The descendants of a free race who had been de-
spoiled of their rightful inheritance} prompted by
a determination to remove an ever-present humil-
iation, would require for their permanent subju-
gation a military force that would impoverish our
people and jeopardize our liberties.
The project isa disloyal and unpatriotic imped-
iment in the way of restoring this once happy
Union. It is a parr of a policy which is attempt-
ing the impossible thins:, that of bringing up the
negro race to a participation with the white in
the privileges and duties of citizens. It first makes
them free by force, and then, because they are an
abjectand helpless people,they deprive American
citizens without process of law of their lands,
place the negroes in possession of them,and un-
dertake to maintain them there. The plan proposed
by the bill opens the way to great fraud, and places
the African freedmen under masters who can have
no sympathy with them and are controlled by a
legislative body remote from them. If Congress
possesses the power to provide in this manner for
these emancipated slaves, where, let me ask, is
the-power to end? Is it confined to freedmen of
African descent, or can Congress legislate to pro-
vide as well for the unfortunate whites and the
remnant of colored people to be found m the free
States? If so, it requires but little sagacity to
foretell what results might be caused in conse-
quence of allowing this bill to become the enter-
ing wedge to a system of legislation which could
not be other than deplorable in its effects upon
our social condition.
i am well aware that the humane appeals made
in behalf of these unfortunate negroes come with,
, some, nay, with great force; and that many of
them are in a lamentable condition cannot be de-
nied, and that the war must greatly increase the
evil is but too Uue. Much of it is owing to the
zeal with which abolitionists have pursued their
avocation. The friends and advocates of abo-
litionism would now fain compel all to yield to
theirconstructionof the laws, to favor theirviews,
and thus assist them outof the dilemma in which
by* their rashness they find themselves placed,
and all through an utter disregard on their part
of the plainest provisions of the Constitution, and
an unwarrantable violation of State and private
rights. No doubt extreme political partisanship
has induced many to support radicalisms which,
upon mature reflection, or could the consequences
which always proceed therefrom have been known
at the time, would never have received their sanc-
tion. We have only begun to experience some
of the results produced by ultra abolitionism; let
us beware lest this undertaking to divide and Ap-
portion the lands owned by the masters of the
slave among these freedmen of African descent
may not become the first seed of agrananism, an
ism that, if it once take root, must affect our social
relations in a manner much more to be dreadod
than the immediate enforcement of abolition itself.
The chairman, my colleague on the committee
ofemancipation, looks upon the reasons expressed
in the report of the minority of that committee
in opposition to his bantling as scarcely entitled
to be considered. What motive, if that be so,
he could have had for addressing the House for
so long a time in an attempt to illustrate the un-
soundness of the opinions advanced therein seems
somewhat unaccountable to me. Had the gen-
tleman simply discussed the merits of the bill
and the law authorizing the establishing the bu-
reau, with the powers conferred therein, without
appealing to feelings or prejudices which have
alieady aided materially in causing a loss to the
country of hundreds of thousands of valuable
lives and thousands of millions of treasure, it
would, in my opinion, have been more in conso-
nance with healthy legislation. 1 do not feel my-
self called upon to follow the gentleman m all his
rambles, but will simply state in reply to some
of his renuuks that I caie not what has been done
by the President or any former Congress. The
question for us to decide is this: do" the objects
for which the bill is introduced come within the
legitimate province of national legislation, are
they just, and will they eventuate in results benc-
| ficial and for the best interests of the country?
j Necessity or any similarexcuse will hardly avail
as an answer for the assumption of doubtful pow-
ers, especially when coupled with very question-
able expediency. The war may have created
a necessity for the protecting and providing for
those negroes, but 1 do most emphatically deny
the power as well as necessity of establishing
such a bureau with the host of political hirelings
it calls for, and which will have to be maintained
at the expense of the Government.
If I understood the gentleman's remarks cor-
rectly, the negroes must have been a source rather
of benefit than otherwise to the Government, at
least in some instances. If this be so, why not
lot well enough alone until a permanent change in
the condition of things can be effected, and adopt
such a plan as will he more in accordance with
law, in consonance with justice and sound policy,
and must meet with universal approval?
I must be permitted to iciterate my sincere and
honest conviction that if the bureau be established
and the purposes of the bill carried out, the in-
evitable result must be substantially a change of
slave-masters, substituting the Government offi-
cial for the former owner: the one having no direct
interestin,butwhocontrolshim,and to whoselove
of gain the physical welfare of the negro might be
sacrificed in making his labor a greater source of
profit; the other equally desirous of profiting by
his labor, but dictated by motives of self-interest
to protect him against suffeiing and disease.
If a plan for the relief of these freedmen of Af-
rican dcscent cannot be dispensed with,and must
be adopted, it should be free from the many ob-
jectionable features of the presentbill. Itassumes
too many doubtful powers, encroaches upon the
private rights of citizens, and must ultimately in-
terfere with State sovereignty.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, perhaps a bill of
more importance was never introduced for the
consideration of this House and of the country
than the bill now presented by the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] and the
selcct committee of which he is the organ. The
territory on which it is to operate is larger than
were the whole thirteen original States of these
United States—a territory extending from the
shores of the Potomac to the Ilio Grande; and a
bill enacting in substance that all that vast terri-
tory, in connection with the confiscation bill that
we have passed, is to be dispossessed of its pres-
ent holdeis and to be occupied by the black i ace,
with nidsteis fiom a distant country to rale over
them. The bill is vast, therefoic, in its territory,
vast in its objects, vast in its purposes, vast in its
intentions. It establishes a new bureau of t he Gov-
ernment, a bureau costing, I suppose, $100,000;
it may be more or it may be less; but a bureau
having the seeds in it of a great Department, which,
as the honorable gentleman who introduced the
bill tells us, in a quotation from the Solicitor of
the War Department, is in the end likely to pio-
duce an officer who is to have a scat in the Cab-
inet and be an adviser of the President.
I call the attention of the House to the magni-
tude of this proposition, in order to have for it a
full consideration before it comes to a final vote.
The bill, too, is illimitable in expense. No one
can see or foiesee what amount of money is to be
expended under it. Modest in purport, with its
commissioners and its sub-commissioners, with
its clerks and superintendents, yet it is a bill with
great pretensions and great consequences, and
therefore to have a vast influence on the country.
The third section, which I do not well under-
stand, contemplates the issuing of stock, the de-
livery of bonds, the use of indemnity money, in-
volving, perhaps, large expenditures and large
amounts of money.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I simply want to
say that that provision only contemplates action
concerning " bonds" which the-Umted States may
be obliged to deliver under any act of emancipa-
tion passed within the slave States.
Mr. BROOKS. This is the entering wedge
put into the bill. But, Mr. Speaker, it is vain for
me to attempt to discuss the details of this hill, for
it is a bill which has doubtless been caucused and
settled and decided upon elsewhere. I will not,
therefore, waste the time of the House in a futile
discussion of its details. If it is decreed out of
doors to be enacted it will be enacted in doors,
and no argument of mine would have any effect ,
on the gentlemen whohavo so decreed.- Indeed*
whenever a gentleman from Massachusetts i&:.
these our latter days introduces any bill- dr pro-
pounds any proposition for the consideration at the
House-, I always listen to him with attentive ears,
with apprehension, with something of awe,,nay,r
with that deep interest that the Roman of crld
must hare listened to the unrolling of the. leaves
of the Sibyl, or the Greek to the utterings of-the
oracle in Delpbos.
Massachusetts is now the leading powerin this
country. Whatever she decrees is in all proba-
bility to be law. She exercises the same control
over this vast country which stretches from the
Passamaquody to the Rio Grande, and from the
Rio Grande to the Pacific, that was exercised by
imperial Rome on the little Tiber, from the Pil-
lars of Hercules to the Euphrates and Tigris.
Boston her cap'ital is well called the hub of our
universe, with her spokes now inserted in New
York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, the great West, and
the great Northwest, the rim of whoscwhee) now
runs with frightful, crushing velocity from that
Passamaquody to that Rio Grande.
Hence, whenever agentlcman from Massachu-
setts rises upon this floor introducing a bill like
this, if I do not look upon him as a god or a
demigod, I look upon him as a power sure to
dictate the legislation of the House, and to have a
vast control over this country. It is decreed in
all probability, as was decreed in the case of the
confiscation bill, that this emancipation or land
occupation bill shallpassthisHouse. Itis writ-
ten; it is ordained. It is a Massachusetts thun-
derbolt. There flashes now in the fiery, furious
furnace of this bolt, delenda est Carthago. Ay,
not only that Carthage is to be destroyed, but
" delenda est Africa"—Africa is to be destroyed
also. Slavery is to be abolished, and with it the
African. I listen. 1 tremble befoie the decree.
I hear now from the steeples, the spires, the
pulpits of Massachusetts what I have often heard
in the Moslem East from the minarets of the
mosque, the cry go forth, " La Ulahoun ila Jlllah
to', Mohammed vasal Jillah." There is bjjt one
God, and Massachusetts is his prophet. [Laugh-
ter.]
A superior race is now, under the decree of this
bill, to come in conflict with an inferior race; the
African is to be met with the white man; the poor,
humble son of Africa, the negro, is to come into
competition and conflict with the astute Massa-
chusetts white taskmaster. Slavery, therefore,
in this conflict of races, is not only to be abolished,
but the slave is to he abolished also. Two races,
the superior and the inferior, cannot live in equal-
ity. What was the fate of the Wampanoags and
of the Pequods before the Puritan m Massachu-
setts is to be the fate of the negro slave whenever
he thus comes in conflict with the white man.
I know the spirit of Massachusetts. 1 know
her inexorable, unappeasable, demoniac energy.
I know that what she decrees she.will execute,
as when she ordered the burning of the witches
at Salem, or the scourging of the Quakers, orex-
iie of the Baptists to the rocky shores of the Nar-
lagansett or to the mountain-fastnesses and glens
of New Hampshire, where my maternal Baptist
ancestors were banished. Hence when,as now,
she decrees on the African, I tremble for three
millions of hitherto happy human beings now
doomed to extermination.
Superintendents, masters, clerks, employes,
persons of all kinds and classes, are to be trans-
ported by this bill from one latitude to another,
under lhe supenntendcnce of the Government.
The negro race is thus to come in conflict with
the white race, though the law of nature, and
especially the law of settlement on this continent,
shows that an inferior race perishes when at-
tempting to live on terms of equality with a race
that is superior. Disease, desolation, and death
are therefore the doom of the hapless negro.
If the census of this city couid be taken of the
original slaves who were here when emancipation
was decreed in this District, thirty per cent, ot
them would be found in their graves. Look at the
hovels that surround this Capitol. Look at the
miserable assemblages of emancipated Africans
in this city, huddled five or six families in a little
room, literally rotting with disease, under your
decree of emancipation. Look, how the race is
being exterminated in your freedmen's camps on
the banks of the Mississippi, the great father of
