1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
But on the other hand there was our deep and
true appiecialion of our Constilutimi.of tlie price-
less liberties which it guarantied to the Anieiican
people, of the Union winch it formed, and of the
protection, peace, security, prosperity, and hap-
piness which it would seuure to all covered by
its Eegis, so long as that segis should remain nn-
brolcen, all the glories of the past and all the
limitless hopes of the future, and duty, and hon-
or, drawing us with their resistless force to bear
our full part in every proper measure to put
down the insurrection, and to vindicate the con-
stitutional and benignant sovereignty of the Uni-
ted States. We halted not, we hesitated not; but
heedless of all else we stood our duty and honor.
Your President had declared to the people of the
United States that he had " neither the power nor
the inclination to interfere with slavery in the
States." He had said to the Emperor of the
^French, by his Secretary of State:
"The rights of the Suites.and the condition of every hu-
man being in them, will remain precisely the same, whether
the revolution shall succeed or whether it bluili fail. In one
ease the States would be federally connected Willi the new
confederacy; in the other they would, as now, lie membeis
of the United States, but their constitutions, laws, customs,
habits, and institutions, ill eithci ease, will remain the
same."
3fou Senators resolved, with but three negative
votes,
",That this war is not waged on your part in any spurt of
oppression, or Cor any purpose of conquest 01 subjugation,
or purpose of overturning or interfering with the lights ui
estabhe-hud institutions of those [mouther 11] State*, but to
defend and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution,
mid preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality, ami
rights of the several Stales unimpaired; and as soon as
these objects ure attained the war ought to cease."
We believed that these solemn pledges were
made by men of truth, honor,and patriotism; be-
sides, their observance being required by the
plainest principles of the Constitution, we doubted
not that they would be kept in the best faith. But
how deplorably have we been deceived and be-
trayed !
If you and your President had then, with manly
frankness, declared that it was your purpose to
seize the occasion offered by the insurrection to
destroy slavery, as well in the loyal as in the
rebel States; and to effect it you intended to dis-
regard the Federal Constitution, its partition,lim-
itations and restrictions of power, its compro-
, mises and guarantees; to subvert ail the reserved
sovereignty of the States and the people, and
yourselves to assume, by usurpation, arbitiary
and unlimited power; to tear down the regulaily
organized State constitutions and governments,
and to authorize less than a tithe of their people
respectively to reconstruct them, by the agency o(
elections held by such contemptible minorities,
and they stilt further degiaded by the piesence
and control of a pervading military despotism,
and by the imposition of conditions and oaths
which bring shame and dishonor upon pattiotie
manhood; that you intended a regular and general
system oihtnlitary arrests without proferringany
charge of crime or offense, and to drag your vic-
tims from home and fiknds to be imprisoned in-
definitely m distant {unifications and penitentia-
ries-, and to deprive civilians of trial oy jury and
bring them before petty coui ts-martial foi oflenses
unknown to law, to be punished according to
their own aibitraiy will, or in subordination to
the oppressive purposes of their superior^; that
to permeate all the loyal States with your organ-
ized military despotism, and to secure the dehu-
sion of the civil courts and laws when it should
become necessary to effectuate any of your sin-
ister ends, you would pass a law authorizing the
President to suspend at his will the writ of habeas
corpus; that you would control the elections,
State and Federal, by tire bayonet, and, to make
H mote certain, you would convei t the camps into
your pai tisan hustings, wherx iron military 1 ulc
should stifle free ballot and enact the mockery of
registering the votes of soldiers for your predes-
tined appointees fo office; that to overthrow the
power of the people and continue your party in
office, by thefoims of election you would, with-
out the consent of the Legislature of Virginia,
erect her western counties into a new State, rec-
ognize one tenth of the remaining counties as the
old State, marshal into the Union .Louisiana,
Texas, and Tennessee by constitutions formed
under the President's tithing proclamation, and
admit Colorado, Nevada, and Nebraska as new
States, when all together have not as much popu-
lation as the ratio that gives right to one Repre-
sentative. Had you disclosed in the beginning such
an array of diabolical policy and measures your fall
would have been that of Lucifer. But'even now
their enormity should first bring the nation aghast,
and then nerve it with the spintof implacable jus-
tice against their authors. Had you revealed them
at once to the people in such manifold,extcnsive,
and hideous proportions they would have hurled
you suddenly from the heights of your power.
Under the specious but false pretext of enforcing
the laws, upholding theConstitution,and restor-
ing the Union by suppressing the insurrection
without disturbing the people of the rebel States
in the enjoyment of any of their lights, except so
far as they should forfeit them by the judgment
of the law, you progressed step by step to in veigle
the nation to intrust you with its whole military
power, all its men, all its money,-and you have
proceeded to forge gigantic chains with which to
manacle your masters, the sovereign people. But
the popular Samson will yetbuist his fetters and
free himself. In every true and well-informed
man you have a life-long and inexorable adver-
sary, and as your deluded followers throw from
their souls darkness and-thralldom they will swell
the free and conquering hosts which will over-
throw you forever. The people will call a sov-
ereign convention, and by that agency they will
leconstruct their Government and Union, which
you have well-nigh laid in ruins.
We often hear and meet in the public prints
invocations from demagogues and deceivers to
the people generally to be true and stand by the
old Government, and to the people of the southern
States to return to it and receive its paternal pro-
tection. Where is the old Government * As it
is now administered, if Washington, and Madi-
son, and its other great founders could rise from
tht.ir honored graves, would they recognize it as
the Government which they had fashioned for the
people of the United States ? Never. And what,
in fact, do those who have charge of it offer to
the people of the southern States but a slavery
more galling than that of Hungary 01 Poland?
Do not the bonlerslave States, that, beset with
such difficulties, trials, and perils, have yet con-
tinued constant and true to the Union and the
Government, merit from those in power at least
sheer justice? Js not every loyal person in any
State entitled to the full measure of justice from
his Government and those who administer it?
Private property to the amount of hundreds
of millions, belonging to loyal people in the
►States where the Union armies have marched or
held post, has been consumed, appiopr lated, and
used by them, and for wlruh no compensation
has been made. I doubt not that these unsatis-
fied claims for other than slave property in Ken-
tuck v exceed twenty million dollars, and, in-
cluding those for slaves, would amount to be-
tween thiity and forty millions. Large amounts
accrued between two and three years ago, and we
have been clamorous again and again for pay-
ment, both at the Treasury and in the two Houses
of Congress; but hitherto not only without suc-
cess, but unchcered by any prospect of success.
The amendment I have proposed, or some such
measure, is necessary to enable us toobtain what
the United States honestly owes us. Will you
pay us, or is it your purpose to lepndiate the
debt? You should beware how you teach, by
act or omission, the lesson of repudiation. Those
whom you represent have and will have the bonds
of the United States for thousands of millions,
created largely hy^fihoddy manufactures, sold to
the Government at two or tinee times us value,
and very largely to pay the expenses of the war,
not only against t lie i uhun ecu on but against sla-
very in every State, against the Constitution
and hoerties of the people, and for the subjuga-
tion and enslavement of the white people of the
South. That cup of repudiation which you tender
to our hps you may have to dram to the dregs.
Hut you'not only n fuse to make us any com-
pensation for the many millions of our property
taken for public use, but you are pioceedmg to
break up the deep foundations of our system of
Federal and State go\ei nments, and to make a
great and sure revolution by an unauthorized
change of the Constitution, to consummate at oncc
the utter destruction of slavery in every State,
S irrespective of the sedate and fixed opinion of the
people, or of the power and action of changing
m.ijouties. Your scheme is by this act of n vo-
lution to rob Kentucky of $150,000,000 of slave
property without one dollar of remuneration.
Was ever the attachment and fidelity of any peo-
ple to their Government so sorely tried and found
so steady and so true?
Public affairs are in a terrible condition when
most of the wisest, best, ahd most patriotic men
of the whole country are unable to form a sat-
isfactory opinion whether the rebellion or the
administration of their own Government is the
greatest scourge. I indulge the hope that both
are transitory. One might reverently wish that
the afflictions of either will satisfy the purposes
of a merciful God in the punishment of our na-
tional sins; but I cannot conceive how both for
a great length of time could be endured. If the
disorders and ills which the maladministration of
the Government have brought upon the country,
as I have" portrayed them, are the fruits of the
war, and are to be permanently fixed upon it, it
were a thousand times better that there should
have been no war; if its cessation would correct
them, rt should not continue another day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow. 1 wish to address the Senate upon the
subject, but I do not desire to do so this afternoon.
The motion was not agreed to.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the adoption
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky,
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. Since the yeas and nays
are about to be taken on the amendment, I wish
to offer an amendment to it. In the second line
of the amendment, afte^ the words " property
whatever," I move to insert the words "except
slaves." 1 do not wish to occupy any time, but
I will very briefly explain my reason for offering
this amendment. I do it because I believe, as was
shown clearly in the Senate by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] and which I
will not more than refer to, that slaves are persons,
and that ihe Government in this War is entitled
to their services. Therefore I desire them to be
exempted from the property.to be paid for by the
Government. That is one reason why I desire
to insert, these words, "except slaves,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment to the amendment, and de-
clared that the noes appealed to have it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have a division upon
it. Perhaps the Senate do not understand the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will make two calls
for the yeas and nays on a thingperlectly absurd,
and which there is no use of putting on this hill.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very well awareof the
force of the language of the Senator from Maine
and the effect of the amendment, i do notdeyiie
to embarrass the bill that he has charge of here
by offering amendments; but it appear s to methat
a vote might be had on this amendment without
consuming any great amount of time.
Mi. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend a modification of his amendment. He pro-
poses to mseitsimpiy the words " exceptslaves"
after " pioperty." Is there not something of im-
plication m that, that slaves may be pioperty?
"All pioperty except slaves," says the Senator.
1 would say "all property," and then, carrying
out the Senator's obvious idea, " but slaves shall
not be considered as property."
Mr. CONNESS. I will accept the Senator's
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER®. There ean bo no such thing
as property in man. That is perfectly clear.
Mr. CONNESS. I accept the Senator's amend-
ment as a substitute for mine.
Mr. HALE. I want to suggest to my friend
from Massachusetts whether his amendment is
not liable to the same implication. Would not
people suppose that if it was not for this proviso
at the end of it slaves were included ? Does he
not give color to the idea by this amendment?
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I appeal to my friend
from California to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw the amendment
