762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
waters. See what a spectacle is there presented.
Death is cutting down hundreds, thousands, and
tens of thousands as death seldom cut down mor-
tal man before. Death there is the doomed de-
cree to the African. As surely as the plagues or
Londonor Athens decreed the death of the strickcn
victims, so surely does the march of the Army,
liberating the negro from all protection and sur-
rendering him to the cruel, merciless employment
of the calculating white man, doom him to dis-
ease, hunger, starvation, and death. I know the
philanthropicgentleman from Massachusetts does
not design this any more than did his namesake,
perhaps his kinsman, the apostle Eliot, when he
carried the cross and the Bible among the New
England tribes of Indians. But with the apostle
came the rifle and the rum, and then opened upon
the Indian the whole Pandora's box of terrible
diseases that destroyed that Indian and extin-
guished his race.
Mr. Speaker, there are some things in this world
which we Yankees have designated by the vig-
orous word "fixed, "or what the French, in their
philosophic phrase, call "fait accompli." Sir, the
abolition of slavery is "a fixed fact," a fact ac-
complished. I must accept it. I cannot close my
eyes to it any more than upon the sun or upon
the sunshine, or upon the tornado or the storm.
What is written is written, and I must read it,
and I should be blind if I did not sec that slavery
is abolished, and the African too with it. I can-
not help it; i cannot avoid it. Massachusetts has
ordained it and the country accepts it, and, if not
as a wise man, at least as a puolic man I must
abide by and act upon it. When the border States
voted upon the floor of this House at an early
period of the session, and by their vote organized
this House, it was written, it was decreed, irrc-
pealably decreed, that slavery is abolished, and
there was no help for it.
I know, sir, it is said that the States of Mis-
souri and Kentucky arc in a good degree under
military government. I do not apprehend that
all of tfie gentlemen who voted for the organiza-
tion of the House intended to carry out this de-
cree. I know that the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who bears tin honored
name-—clarum et venetabile nomen—intended no
such thing; but-neverthelcss it is tho decrce, a
decree written out, and ho one of the writers. I
know the people of Maryland and of Delaware, if
they had been allowed to vote, intended no such
decree; and I know that it is said those two States
arc better represented by the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schencic,] the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, than by their Rep-
resentatives here. But when these Representa-
tives are accepted and recognizcd by that people,
acquiesced in by that people, and, if not acqui-
csced in by that people, defended and protected
by the military power, I must accept nil that as an
accomplished fact, and a fact irrepealuble, which
is to be met. I am bound to act on it; every wise
statesman is thus bound to act upon it; every true
statesman has so acted in all past time.
I am told that these things are against the Con-
stitution, against the laws of war, against the
rights of property. Undoubtedly they arc; but
how can they be now helped? There arc thou-
sands of things against constitutions, against the
laws of war, and against the rights of property,
which when forced upon the people are fixed for-
ever, facts accomplished, and irrepealuble when
thus accomplished. There is a higher law written
upon the Massachusetts mind, especially and ex-
clusively there written, that slavery is against the
law of God, no matter what may be written in
constitutions or what may be the rights of prop-
erty, and this has now become the law of the
land. I know there is nothing new m this higher
law. It is the doctrine that revolutionized Prance,
and that Frenchmen have obeyed and obey. It
is not a New England doctrine born. It was a
doctrine cradled in France in the agony and throes
ot her Revolution, and adopted in Massachusetts.
It was the chanson of the French Revolution:
" La loi la plus juste, la lol la plus saeree,
Est d'oublier ia loi pour sauver la patrte."
I know that it was not the law of Magna Charta,
the law of Runnymede, the law of our Constitu-
tion. Nor was the law born in the better days
of Prance. The most beautiful chapter of Tele-
machus is that in which he is taken to the island
of Crete, where, the king having died, there as-
sembled the sages in council to choose a king.
They brought forth the laws of Minos, those
laws kept in a casket of gold, highly perfumed
with incense, and tlu-y fell down and kissed them:
u Qu'nprus les dieux, do qui les bonnes lois viennent, rien
ne doit Gtre si saere aux homraes que les lois destinees k
les rendrc bons, sages et heureux. Ceuxqui ontdansleurs
mains Jes lois pour gouverner les peuplcs doivent toujours
so laisser gouverner eux-mGmes par les lois. G'cst la loi,
et uon pas Phomme, qui doit r6gner. Tel 6toit le discours
do ces sages."
Cowper has also beautiful lines inculcating obe-
dience to the laws:
" VVc love the king who loves the law—respects his bounds,
And reigns content within ihem ; him wo serve
Freely and with delight, who leaves us free;
Ihit recollecting still that he is man,
We UUbt him not too far. King though he be,
And king in England, too, he may be weak
And vain enough to be ambitious still;
May exercise amiss his proper powers,
Or covet more than freeman choose to grant.
l3eyond that mark is treason. He is ours,
TJ administer, to guaid, t'adorn the state,
But not to waip or cheat it. We are his,
To serve him nohlv m the common cause,
Tiup to the death;" but not to be his slaves.
Maik now the difference, ye that boast your lovo
Of kmgd, between your loyalty and ours:
We love the man; the paltry pageant you;
We the chief patron of the commonwealth;
You the rcgaidle*-, author of ns woe;
We, for the sake of liberty, a king;
You, chains and bondage lor a tyrant's sake 5
Our love is principle, and has its root
In reason; is judicious, manly, free ;
Yours, a blind instinct, crouches to the rod,
And licks the foot that treads it in the dust."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have tried through my
whole life to be thus faithful to these laws; " the
Constitution and the laws." Weall on this side
of the House have been loyalists, because loyalty
is lenity, fidelity to law. I mourn now over the
destruction of tho laws of my country. I invoke
the genius of history to doom to eternal infamy
all these violators of law; but, as a Roman, in the
days of Julius Caesar, or as a Frenchman, in the
days of Napoleon, I must cease protesting and
resisting. 1 accept tilings as they are. I must
accept facts accomplished, and abide by the conse-
quences. Hence I recognize the abolition of sla-
very; hencc I intend to act hereafter upon that
recognition, because it is inevitable. So far as I
have influence I intend to withdraw that question
from the exciting canvass of the day, and to go
before the people upon other matters of difference.
The anxiety I now feel is not for the negro, but
for the liberty of the white man; the continued
constitutional liberty of the white man. I concern
myself less at present what may become of the
negro, than what is becoming of the white man.
My whole heart and soul are absorbed now that
•Magna Charta and habeas corpus are cloven down
in icsecuriug these guarantees for the liberty of
the white race. Hence, it is the white man's lib-
erty, not the negro's liberty, that hereafter is to
interest me in the discussions before this House.
Mr. Speaker, the violence of Massachusetts
has brought about in two or three years only,
what Christ, or the church of Christ, was twelve
or fifteen hundred years in accomplishing in the
Roman empire. The Saviour himself struck not
off the chains of the slaves whom he addressed
from the Mount of Olives. Nor did the Apostle
Paul, in his address on Mars Hill, in front of
Athens, strike off the chains of the slave in a mo-
ment or an hour. But they inculcated principles,
they sowed the seed which was twelve or fifteen
hundred years in ripening, but which in the end
brought about the desired end, without war or the
violent loss of life. But here in two or three years
we have madly attempted the liberation of the ne-
gro, and at what cost? A million of men have
been drawn from their households and firesides
into the Army, and a million more are to be sac-
rificed in the hospitals by diseases, while at the
same time a debt is fastened upon usof thousands
of millions of dollars. Before we have finished
the war the debt will be four thousand millions
—a huge, monstrous, and crushing debt—which
will inflict upon posterity, upon my children, your
children, and their children hereafter for hundreds
of years, a taxation under which they will groan
as negro slaves have seldom groaned under the
white master; a taxation of thirty cents on the day
laborer's dollar.
Three years ago we had no national debt worth
a moment's consideration; but pending this civil
war, in only two or three years, under the spirit
which has guided it, we have had inflictcd on us
a national debt now-nearly, or soon to be, as large
as the national debt of Great Britain, and which
will grind the people of-this country for hundreds
and hundreds of years, if this war is longer per-
sisted in in the spirit which now conducts it.
I recognize the abolition of slavery as existing
for other reasons than I have given, and I call the
attention of the southern border State men, who
may not agree with me in opinion upon this sub-
ject, to a law of the rebel Congress which I now
hold in my hand. When we in the North began
to arm the slaves, I foresaw from the beginning
that this would force the South to arm their ne-
groes and their Slaves.
The first section of this act of the rebel con-
gress, which I hold in my hand, declares that all
male free negroes shall be conscripted and brought
into the southern army. The second section of
that act provides for organizing twenty thousand
of the southern slaves, not exactly as soldiers, but
as sappers, miners, and navvies, or laborers, in the
southern armies. The South, therefore, has taken
the secondary step to the first step which was
taken by the people of the North.
There is the southern act, there is the southern
record for arming first the free negroes of the South
and second for arming the southern slaves. This
of itself is the. abolition of slavery in the rebel
States; for the moment arms are put into the hands
of slaves, that moment slavery is abolished, South
as well as North. I say, therefore, we must ac-
cept the abolition ofslaveiy as a fact accomplished,
as a thing done, not only done by the northern
people, but of necessity done by the southern
people. The necessities of this war will compel
the rebels of the South more and more to arm
their slaves, and thus more and more to abolish
their slaves.
If, then, war lasts two years, we shall see every
able-bodied negro in the South that can be spared,
either in the battle-field or as laborers in prepa-
ration of the battle-field. They must, they will
take that course. Imperious necessity exacts it
of them. The negro of the North will meet the
negro of the South; and when " Greek meets
Greek then comes the tug of war."
Go on, then, conscript the negro; reenslavethe
negro. It is now the best thing you can do^in hu-
manity and philanthropy to the negro to reenslave
him and doom him to the Army. You have made
this a negro abolition war. You have changed*its
original purpose, and therefore the negro should
be called out, and should fight the battles of the
party which has taken them into their keeping.
I do not, for one, intend to resist your movements
in that respect any longer.
Mr. Speaker, two States hav^in the main gov-
erned this vast country since the Declaration of
Independence in 1776, and those two States have
been Massachusetts and Virginia. Massachu-
setts and Virginia, from 1776 and 1787 on to the
end of Washington's Administration, cooperated
together in most beautiful administration of this
Government. .From 179G to 1800 there reigned
the Administration of John Adams. It was a
reign of terror from beginning to end; it was a
reign of tyranny, too, as well as of terror through-
out the country. Newspapers were silenced, the
courts were overawed, the alien and sedition laws
were passed, and it was such a reign of violence
that in 1800 there was a civil revolution, and
Massachusetts was thrown out of power, and
kept out of power from 1800 till 1860. During
that long period of time never did any country
prosper as this country has prospered. The
South took its columns of emigration over the
Chattahoochee to the Coosa and the Tallapoosa,
beyond the Mississippi, on to the Nueces and the
Rio Grande, and created an agriculture which
subjected to it all the civilized nations of the earth.
No more beautiful spectacle of cooperative in-
dustry was ever presented. The North presented
an equally beautiful spectacle. The columns of
emigration marched on beyond the lakes to Min-
nesota, to Iowa, to Wisconsin, and to the Rocky
mountains. During all that time Virginia and
Massachusetts cooperated together in the spirit of
Washington and Jefferson and Madison and the
elder Hamilton. By the secession of the South in
1860 the reign ft om 1796 to 1800 was restored, and
Massachusetts became ascendant in thisGovern-
mentagain. Everypath of hers has been traced in
blood, and the monuments of her destructiveness
are to be found on hundreds of battle-fields North
