1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and South. A million of human beings sacrificed
unnecessarily is the holocaust of that adminis-
tration. Four thousand millions of debt upon us
and our posterity is the consequence of that ad-
ministration.
How long the war is to exist I know not, but in
God's name let me implore those men who now
have control of this Government to take the reins
and end it as soon as possible. You have illim-
itable power; you have the Executive; you have
three fourths of the Senate; you have twenty
majority here in this body. If you will give ehe
conservative men the power in this Government,
by August or September, or certainly by October
next, we will end this war, and we will restore
the Union. We hold you to that issue. We give
you till September or October next to end this war
and to restore the Union. Follow out your pro-
gramme; acceptourconstitutional remonstrances,
but accomplish what you have undertaken. Enter
notinto side issues. Make notsuch wicked diver-
sions as that which you have just made in Florida
under General Gillmore for the purpose of send-
ing some two Massachusetts men from Florida to
the United States Senate, or some Representatives
to this House—a diversion made solely for political
purposes; but concentrate your armies in solid
columns and end this war. Cease to make it a
war for politics. If you will not make it a war
for the Union, make it a war for the restoration of
peace as soon as possible. .In the name of hu-
manity, in the name of philanthropy, in the name
of the Prince of Peace, 1 appeal to you to exert the
powers which you have immediately to end this
war. Protract it not beyond the"presidential elec-
tion for political purposes.
Nor enter not upon the system of settlement and
agriculture proposed in this bill as if you were some
William the Conqueror, lording it over a Saxon
people. This "freedmen's bill,"as it is called, is
not worthy of the practical mind of Massachusetts.
It hardly could have emanated from a Massachu-
setts mind, and the gentleman who introduced it
tells us that he has consulted with others. It has
not Massachusetts sense. It must have come from
some of the freedmen's commissioners; perhaps
from Robert Dale Owen, for the bill itself is social-
istic, Fourieristic,Owenistic, erotic, (not erratic—
I beg the reporters to bear that in mind.) The whole
scheme is one of money-making; the whole scheme
is one for the use of the black race by northern
masters. But if, in the name of humanity, you
are acting for these negroes, introduce some more
practical measure, without consolidating and cen-
tralizing all the powers of this Government. Do
not abandon this beautiful theory of States, and
convert this Government into a consolidation and
centralization, solely for the money-making pur-
posesofthis bill. Make it practical; make it self-
supporting. Do not burden the Federal Treasury
with it. Let it take care of itself, as is the theory
of our Government. We have no more right to
feed and support negroes than wc have to feed and
support white men. The thing is not written in
the Constitution. It is not written in human na-
ture. If you are to advance the pay of negroes in
the Army, make them, as you make white sol-
diers, support their wives and children. Give the
negro eight or nine dollars a month, and subtract
the other four or five dollars for the support of his
wife and children. But here is a bill the cost of
which no man can foresee or possibly foretell.
I protest against my constituents being taxed
for it. I protest in the name of the laborer of the
North, in the name of the workman of the North,
in the name of the capitalist of the North. I pro-
test against it in behalf of the white women and
white children of the North. Burden not the
Treasury with the support of southern negroes.
If it be a mere scheme of philanthropy and be-
nevolence I will contribute to it, according to my
means, as much as other gentlemen will contrib-
ute; but come not to the Federal Treasury for
the support and sustenance of the negro people.
I therefore propose to offer a resolution that this
bill be recommitted to the select committee on
emancipation with directions to report a bill or-
ganizing a system for the care and regulation of
emancipated persons, which shall not burden the
Treasury. I submit that proposition.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion already |
pending, to refer the bill to the Committee of the !
Whole on the state of the Union; but this motion j
will be reserved and entertained. i
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not desire to interfere
with the course of business. I.suppose I will be
entitled to the floor whenever this bill comes up
again ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will then be
recognized.
° SALE OF GOLD.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
gold on hand in the Treasury, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
action now on that joint resolution?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. ALLEY. I should like to inquire what
disposition is made of that joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. No action has been taken
on it. The House has passed it over informally.
Mr. ALLEY. I suggest to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that as this is a question of so much
importance—probably there is none more im-
portant before the House—it had better be con-
sidered and disposed of at the present time.
The SPEAKER. If it is passed over now it
will come up after the bill creating a Bureau of
Emancipation, and the bill prohibiting the Court
of Claims from taking jurisdiction of war claims,
are disposed of. They both come up in the morn-
ing hour, and will take precedence of this.
INSPECTORS 01? CUSTOMS.
Mr. FENTON asked, and obtained unanimous
consent, to haveSenate bill No. 66, to increase the
compensation of inspectors of customs in certain
ports; heretofore referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the special order
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself in to the Committee of the Whole on
the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Farnsworth in the
chair, m the absence of Mr. Wasiiburne,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill, on which the gentleman from Ohi<#
(Mr. C. A. White) was entitled to the floor.
Mr. C. A. WHITE. Mr. Chairman, I avail
myself of that freedom of debate which by the
rules of the House is only allowed in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for a brief
space of time to occupy the attention of the House
m the discussion of questions which I conceive to
be of vital moment to the cause of the Union and
of free government. Well knowing that any at-
tempt at legislation in the present temper of the
House upon the questions which I propose to dis-
cuss would prove unavailing, the only resource
leftnieis to indulge in thatfreedom and manliness
of debate which becomes a member of this body
and a representative of the people. Doubtless I
shall upon many vital points differ materially, not
only with a majority ofthe House, but with many
gentlemen of my own party with whom I have
affiliated on this floor. I do not, therefore, speak
for any person but myself, nor do I desire that
any person maybe held responsible for anything
1 may say, nor will I acknowledge any responsi-
bility for what I may say, or answer therefor to
any but my constituents; to them I acknowledge
the fullest and completest responsibility, and to
them alone will I render my account.
I maintain that the war in which we are at pres-
ent engaged is wrong in itself; that the policy
adopted by the party in power for its prosecution
is wrong; that the Union cannot be restored, or,
if restored, maintained by the exercise of the co- j
ercive power of the Government, by war; that j
the warisopposed to the restoration of the Union, !
destructive of the rights of the States and the lib- j
orties of the people. It ought, therefore, to be i
brought to a speedy and immediate close, '
These are questions from which the motive
for nearly all our legislation springs, and are
therefore proper subjects for careful and dispas-
sionate consideration. We all have an equal in-
terest in their rightful determination. Our own
happiness and the welfare, of those who are to
comeafter us are all equally involved. We should,
then, in view of these great interests, strive to
banish those passions and resentments which the
heat and fervor of a terrible revolution is so well
calculated to inspire, and call into requisition all
of the higher and more exalted elements of our
nature, that we may in the exercise of a clear con-
ception and sound judgment the better conserve
the interests and promote the welfare of our com-
mon country.
It does not require a very profound study of
the philosophy of human nature, or extended re-
search in history, to illustrate to the satisfaction of
the commonest understanding that if the war in
which we are unhappily engagedis ever brought
to a close and a permanent peace established, it
must and can only be as the result of negotiation.
The President in his inaugural address very
wisely and appropriately said:
" Suppose you go to war, you cannot fight always; and
when, after much loss on both sides, and no gain oh either,
you ceasc fighting, the identical old questions as to terms
of intercourse are again upon you."
What then, I ask, can be gained by it? Noth-
ing; a thousand fold worse than nothing. War
only tends to exasperate the feelings of the sec-
tions, and make the work of reconciliation more
difficult, and the probabilities of reunion more
remote.
The war is not merely a collision of the pas-
sions, but it is a conflict of armed opinions, stim-
ulated, it is true, by the passions, which war al-
ways excites and inflames rather than subdues.
How, then, is this conflict of opinion to be recon-
ciled? Certainly not by force. You cannotcon-
quer opinion, nor change the convictions of men
by corporeal inflictions. It is a trite old saying,
full of philosophy, wisdom, and practical states-
manship, as illustrated by the experience of man-
kind for ages and generations:
" He that complies against his will,
Is of his own opinion still."
You cannot subjugate opinion; it is or free as
the God of which it is a scintillation. You may
cast the body of which it is an indweller in a dun-
geon; you may torture it on the rack, burn it at
the stake, execute it on the gibbet, or cleave it
down on the bloody field of battle, and so far from
having gained the mastery, you will have but
given to it a sanctity, purity, and power that it
never before possessed. Does any man doubt that
if there had never been any conflict of opinion
between the North and the South they never would
have been at war with each other, or that if that
conflict were reconciled that peace would be at
once established and the Union restored? It is
in the very nature of things impossible that we
should all think alike. We view questions and
things from different stand-points. Those evi-
dencesfrom which we draw our conclusions strike
some minds with greater and others with a less
force. Our modes of thinking, ourpreconceived
opinions, our education, and the peculiar organ-
ism of different minds will lead us to different
conclusions and cause us to adopt different prin-
ciples of action. An apt illustration of this fact
may be found in what is sometimes denominated
the religious world, where we find as great divers-
ity of sentiment upon matters affecting the hap-
piness of man for time and eternity as we do in
the political world. In fact, some of the most
bitter, persecuting, relentless, and sanguinary
wars that have ever been waged have grown out
of differences in religious opinions.
The people of the South have fixed and settled
principles of political action, to which they are
strongly attached by tradition, by education, and
from a deep and settled conviction, the mainten-
ance of which they believe to be essential to their
rights, their liberty, and equality, and therefore
their happiness and welfare. In these opinions
they may be right, and they may be wrong;
whether they are one or the other, it is not for me
to say; for were you or I to attempt to do so au-
thoritatively it would be futile. Of that question
they will be the sole and exclusive judges, whether
right fally and legally or not it makes no difference.
Do you propose to dig these convictions,
rooted in the hearts of a community numbering
