THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1864.
New Series No. 175.
numbers of the Globe shall be authorized to be
purchased and circulated, I must say for one that
I have little feeling. I think the suggestion made
by the honorable Senator from New Jersey is
worthy of a great deal of consideration; that
while it would be a very fair and proper expendi-
ture in ordinary times it may be now too expens-
ive to undertake it, although I in part represent
a State here, new in its organization, new, neces-
sarily, in its libraries, and therefore unsupplied
with the records that the Congressional Globe
furnishes, and which cannot be obtained from
any other source. I find myself frequently called
on for books for the purpose of circulation that
I am not able to furnish. Since I have been here
I have sent copies of the Globe, first, to each
newspaper in my State, and then to each library;
and that exhausted about all I was entitled to
receive.
By some regulation of this Senate I discovered
myself entitled to butone halfthe number ofbooks
that belonged to a Senator. I was a little sur-
prised when I discovered that regulation. I called
upon the Vice President before he left to look
into the matter. We discovered this condition of
things: that an order had been made by my pred-
ecessor transferring to another Senator of this
body half the number that the seat I occupy, so
to speak, was entitled to receive. It occurred to
me that it was a regulation " more honored in
the breach than in the observance." It seemed
to be a strange thing to me that an outgoing Sena-
tor was entitled to a very large number ofbooks
that he might pass over to another by a simple
order, while the incoming Senator had the re-
sponsibility of the circulation of intelligence such
as is communicated by those books to his con-
stituency.
I have said that I have observed the rule sug-
gested by the two Senators on my left, the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts and the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, of circulating
these books among all the libraries in my State,
both cities and villages; and I am now without
books to supply ordinary demands. I have a
letter on my desk, received this morning from one
of the most prominent and valued citizens of our
State, asking me to send him the Congressional
Globe. I have none. I have scores of such ap-
plications. They do not ask them as mere prop-
erty; but they would be well placed in the hands
of many such citizens, and I think any reason-
able appropriation to aid in a fair dissemination
of this valuable record would be money well
spent. As to whether each member shall be en-
titled to the back numbers or not, I confess I am
not free to advocate or sustain it now, and prefer
leaving that question to be determined by older
Senators, and with a view to the economy in-
volved in that proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, as to the
question of continuing the publication of the Con-
gressional Globe L presume there can be but very
little if any difference of opinion among us. I
have no doubt, I have no question of the great
importance of continuing that publication; I be-
lieve it is part of the history of the country.
Nothing is more important than that there should
be a correct record kept of our proceedings. I
believe the opinion oftlie country has settled down
upon that. It is very important,in myjudgment,
to the protection of members themselves, and that
has been found so. Without the Congressional
Globe we are at the mercy of everybody who
chooses to misrepresent our opinions and our acts,
and it would be impossible utterly in the nature
of things to counteract the effect that might be pro-
duced. Depending, so far as I am concerned, en-
tirely upon the Congressional Globe for a record
of our proceedings, and regarding any other record
as of no very great importance beyond the day
and the hour, 1 prefer, myself, as an individual to
trust to it. I think it is equally important to all
of us.
The only question, then, that arises is, what is
tke cheapest and the best mode of continuing the
publication ? And upon that question I am not pre-
175
pared to give any advice. I usually follow com-
mittees of Congress and their recommendations
with reference to those matters, believing that in
the nature of things they can come to .very much
better conclusions than I can.
The Senator from California spoke of applica-
tions that have been made to him for books. I
suppose each Senator receives the Congressional
■Globes for the sessions during which he is a mem-
ber of the body. The Globes to which the Sen-
ator has alluded were probably of the last ses-
sion. The reason why the Senator has none to
give is that he is not entitled to any except for
this session. They will come to him for this ses-
sion as the member entitled to them; and he will
find that under the existing laws he will probably
have as many as he cares to dispose of. I think
under the law as it stands we get something like
eighty or ninety copies of the Globe apiece, as
published from Congress to Congress. As I un-
derstand this proposition, it is a proposition to
furnish full sets of the Globe. They are stereo-
typed I suppose.
Mr. ANTHONY. Stereotyped and printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the publisher sup-
poses that he can make as much by being em-
ployed in printing and stereotyping the back num-
bers, and furnishing a certain number to new
members, as he can make by an addition to his
compensation for printing and publishing. It is
very clear that one thing or the other ought to be
done. The suggestion made by the Senator from
Massachusetts struck me as a very valuable one;
and that is, that there should be a provision in-
serted in the bill that they should be furnished by
the members to libraries. It would take off any
imputation that might possibly be thrown upon
individual members for voting upon the subject,
and at the same time would accomplish the most
valuable purpose that we wish to accomplish, by
placing them permanently at different points,
where they can be consulted by those who wish
to consult them, and information obtained as to
any question upon which persons mightdesire to
consult them. It is merely a matter of computa-
tion; and if the chairman states that his committee
have examined the question, and are satisfied that
it can be done in this way as well as in the other,
I do not see but what we accomplish as much
good by adopting this proposition as we should
do by adding to the price in any other way. 1
take it, about the same amount is to be paid out
of the Treasury in either case for the publication
of the Globe; and in this way wo multiply the
number of full sets of the Globe to be distributed
among our constituents, it is a matter of entire
indifference to me how it is done, provided it is
done in the cheapest possible way, and we accom-
plish the purpose of continuing the publication,
which I deem to be a matter of absolute, impera-
tive necessity.
Mr. POWELL. The Joint Committee on
Printing have given this matter very careful and
mature consideration. As has been said by the
chairman of the committee, the Senator from
Rhode Island, something must be done, or the
publication of the Congressional Globe muststop.
There were two propositions before the commit-
tee. One was to increase the price, and the other
to fall back upon the original contract made with
the publisher of the Globe. After several ses-
sions of the committee, and a full consideration
of the subject, the committee came to the conclu-
sion that the bill, as reported by the chairman,
which has passed the House of Representatives,
was the better proposition, and the one that would
ultimately cost the Government less money. The
proposition under consideration will cost some
fifteen thousand dollars more this year than the
other, but it will cost greatly less in all subse-
quent years, and it places the Globe upon a per-
manent foundation. We furthermore thought
that it was but carrying out the contract origin-
ally made with the publisher of the Globe, which
was abrogated by Congress without his consent.
I have no question that the Joint Committee on
Printing have adopted the wisest and best system
to continue this work, and one that will ulti-
mately result in the saving of money to the Gov-
ernment. I believe that was theunanimousopin-
ion of the Committees on Printing of both Houses
when we had this matter under consideration,
and we had several meetings on the subject. The
gentlemen of the House committee, as well as
the gentlemen of the Senate committee, had very
accurate calculations made about the cost, the re-
sult of which has been presented by the chairman
of the Committee on Printing.
1 have no hesitation in saying that this is the
best proposition we can adopt for the continuation
of this work. While it will cost more at this
session it will cost lessatany subsequent session.
Moreover, 1 think Congress, in abrogating the
contract with the publisher of the Globe, not-
withstanding which he has gone on and printed it
as far as he could, and placed himself in a condi-
tion to execute his part of it, to say the least of
it, in my opinion, have not acted in good faith.
I hope the proposition reported by the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing, which has passed the House
of Representatives, will be adopted by the Sen-
ate. In the end it will be found to be the most
economical proposition that can be adopted to
have the Globe published, and I believe it will be
carrying out the contract with the publisher of
the Globe in good faith.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose we all desire to
see the Globe continued, it has produced in the
past, and will no doubt produce in the future,
great public good; but the measure before the
Senate is one which if it passes will place the es-
tablishment upon some permanent footing, as I
understand the chairman of the joint committee
to tell us, and as that is the case i think it would
be better that the Senute should be more full
than it is at present before the final vote is taken
on the question.
As to myself, I am comparatively unadvised
now, notwithstanding the explanation of my
friend from Rhode Island,of the operation of this
bill. The bill gives one cent for every five pages
over a certain number, which was originally given
and was afterwards taken away, a fact that Mr.
Rives, 1 think, always complained of; but this
gives it to him in the future. The honorable
member tells us that there were two alternative
propositions before the committee. The first was
to increase the charges fifty percent.; the other was
to distribute the Globe as is proposed to be done
by one of the sections in tins bill. I understood
him to say that the difference between the two
modes would notaverage more than $15,000; and
that perhaps would not be the average m a series
of years. 1 think he is very much mistaken. I
make the suggestion, in order that if the measure
be postponed he may think of it very maturely,
that he is very much mistaken when he says it
will only cost some $15,000 more than would be
the costof fifty percent, additional. Over the ex-
penditure of fifty per cent, we shall have some
control.
There is—and I think Congress hereafter will
see it their duty to correct the printing in that
particular—there is a great deal of matter pub-
lished which need not be published. It may be
contracted beneficially certainly to the Govern-
ment, and beneficial to the reader. Who is there
that wades through all the matter in the Globe?
Speeches—I do not speak of the Senate; I do not
mention the Senate—but speeches that are not
made are published; speeches that are only par-
tially made are published as prepared or after pre-
pared. That should not be the business of a pa-
per like this. Itought to give the debates as they
fall from the lips of the speakers.
But over the other proposition,if weenterinto
this agreement, we shall have no control. I stated
that my friend perhaps was mistaken as to the
probable amount that the Treasury would have
to pay if the bill passes as is proposed. I under-
stand the section of the bill which relates to the
distribution of the Globe to provide that every
member of Congress now belonging to either
body, or who shall hereafter become a member
