1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
cus decided to support a measure to pay the sol-
diers in coin or its equivalent. 1 have attempted
as near as I could to come to that result, to give
them what was promised them at the commence-
ment of the war.
iVir. CONNESS. I am very glad to have this
answer from the Senator. W hat a generous and
noble-hearted set of men the Senator acts with!
Just think of the proposition when gold is at a
premium of eighty or ninety to pay the poor sol-
dier in gold! That is better than I can go. The
Senator is entitled to credit, since they find a little
inconvenience in carrying out that proposition, in
his effort to come as near it as he can by laising
the pay in legal tenders fifty per cent. Perhaps
after a month or more gold will recede in the mar-
ket, so that fifty per cent, will be the equivalentof
the proposition of which the Senator has given us
an account.
Now, sir, 1 have this answer to make to the
argument of the Senator, and to the proposition
he has made here, very different from that given
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs. 1 will not vote for his amend-
ment; I will not vote forsuch a bill as the honor-
able chairman has described if it should begotten
up in the House; and 1 think, notwithstanding,
that 1 would vote as generously and freely from
the public purse or from my own to the soldier
as either of the Senators or any other man in the
country.
But-, sir, we are not to forget that while the
country is to bemaintained by soldiers in the field
it is also to be maintained by the finances at home;
and in my opinion the man who in the face of the
condition of the country would vote or advocate
(because of its apparent or real popularity with
the soldiers who have been very properly entitled
to vote in most of the States) such an increase as
is proposed, is very much more lavish with his
generosity than with ins judgment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will allow me, I will ask him one question.
Mr, CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He is opposed to this
proposition because it intei feres with the finances
Qf the country. 1 ask him whether he made that
point in the Senate and expicssed that sentiment
in his vote on the proposition to increase the pay
of the colored troops.
Mr. CONNESS. (< Still harping on my daugh-
ter." If the subject of colored troops were not
here, what would the honorableSenator fiom In-
diana do for material for the next political cam-
paign ? Perhaps he will give us an answer to
that, lie would have to fall back on the ques-
tionable military reputation of his candidate foi
the Presidency, perhaps, and that would not be
quite so reliable. I voted to incieasc the compen-
sation of negro soldiers and equalize it with that
of other soldiers who are taking their lives into
the field to battle for your liberty and for mine,
with as much prideand satisfaction as any vote 1
ever gave in my life. I should be ashamed if I
were a party in the advocacy of withholding the
compensation of that kind of labor from any man.
i will not characterize, foritdoes not belong to the
legitimacy of debate, those who are so stingily
disposed toward a soldier who is battling for the
hbmies of the human kind in tins great contest
as to measuie out the pittance according to the
color of his skin. I will not waste woids on the
falsity of its logic.
The proposition to equalize the compensation
of soldiers was one clear and distinct in itself,
giving the black soldier the compensation that the
Government had determined a soldier was woi th.
It gave no less compensation to the white soldier.
Does the Senator from Indiana dissent from the
equity of Private Miles O'Reilly, of the forty-
seventh iegiment of New York volunteers, who
generously was willing to divide with Sambo
44 the right to be kilt?"
u Tiie men who object t" Sambo
Should take his pKiee and fight?
And it's betlher to have a uayger's hue
Than a Jiver thai'* wake and white.
Though Sambo"* black as the aee of sp'ide*
Hid finger a limgger can |>u!!?
And lus eye iun^ on iho barrel sight*
From uudei !n<* thatcn of wool.
 ♦ So hear mo nil, bov«, darhn'.
Don't think I'm tipptuirjou ohnff,
The right to be kilt we5!] divide wid him-,
And give }nin the iutgm lulf."
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the gentleman wants
to deal with the private, he can have his discus-
sion with him. 1 am not interested in that.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not wonder that the
Senator retires before the logic contained in the
philosophy of Private Miles O'Reilly. 1 do not
grudge the pay to the colored soldier. _ I would
be ashamed to withhold it. I will say in reply to
the Senator from Indiana, that when that propo-
sition was before the Senate I did consider it, and
I weighed it with exactness, considering the in-
justice involved in withholding the equality of
compensation with the demand it would make on
the national Treasury, and, in accordance with the
conclusionsof myownmind and thegenera! judg-
ment of all patriotic people in the country, 1 sus-
tained the measure to equalize the pay of all sol-
diers.
This measure bears upon its face, I will say,
without imputing any sinister motive to the hon-
orable Senator, the brand of fodder for the next
campaign. 1 am opposed to all such legislation;
I am opposed to all such propositions. They are
unworthy of the Senate; they are unworthy of
the period; and they should not be methere, in my
opinion, by any apologies nor by any considera-
tions addressed to the soldierbecause of theirsup-
posed agreeableness to him. It is a question yet
whether we can maintain the liberties and the
Government of this country. According to my
honorable friend beside me, [Mr. Davis,] the lib-
erties are already gone; but we differ very widely
with our friend in that. But, sir, we are not to
forget that hundreds, ay, thousands of millions
of indebtedness, so faithfully and exactly chron-
icled by the hunoiable Senator who offered this
amendment from time to time, are growing upon
us, and the proposition to increase them unneces-
sarily is a proposition neither wise nor true.
I will not continue, sir. 1 did not intend to say
more than a word or two; but 1 could not occupy
my seat in silence while anything m the natuiu
of an apology was given for not sustaining this
amendment instead ot the leal reason being given,
that it is not a measuie of statesmanship, and
therefore should fail to the ground.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Piesident, with re-
gard to this proposiuon, it has been under con-
sideration by two committees, who have been ap-
pointed for the purpose of considering questions
of this desciiphon, for a considerable period. It
was introduced ougmally into the Senate, 1 be-
lieve, by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, and has been more or less considered by the
Committee on Militaiy Affairs of this body. It
has been.it seems, very carefully considcied, and
almost, if not quite, biought to a point where it
can be reported by the Committee on Military
A (Fail h of i he EIous>e of Representatives. It has
been found to bea question involving great prac-
tical difficulties in order to equalize the pay, and
make it just and proper if it ought to beincieased.
And we are assured that we may very soon ex-
pect something upon which we can act.
The honorable Senator from Indiana is wiser
than these two committees. He sees no occasion
for considering a question of this kind. It in-
volves, to be sure, perhaps $100,000,000; I do not
know how much. 1 believe weappropiiate some-
thing like one bundled and fifty million a year
for pay. This proposes to appropriate, it may be,
about fifty million more. He proposes to jump
to a conclusion; he solves the difficulty, and at
once informs the Senate what it ought to do in
relation to this complicated question.
Now, I wish the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana would do one other thing. We have heard
repeatedly from him during this session of Con-
gress about the gieat expenses of this Govern- i
merit, the way m winch we are raising money, j
the amount we are obliged to laise, the immense j
taxes that we are bunging upon the people, the !
outrages in fact whioh the Government is perpe- j
trating upon the people in carrying on this war; j
and with everything but the pay of the soldiers, ;
I believe, he finds infinite fault. Now, I wish
that the honorable Senator, since he can reach a ;
conclusion and solve the difficulty, cut the knot i
with so much ease, so much facility in relation to
a question which has puzzled and troubled two
veiy able committees of Congress, would also at
once solve another difficulty, and that is how we
aie to get the money. Two committees, not so
able as the Committees on Military Affairs* but
two committees of Congress, under the advice of
the Secretary of the Treasury from time to ume,
have been attempting to solve our financial diffi-
culties, so far at least as to be able to procure
money to carry on the war, and keep up the credit
of the Government. Now, if the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, with that illumination which
seems to shine through him with reference to these
questions, would just enlighten us as to how we
are to meet these difficulties at the same time,
(because he is increasing them,) he would confer
a ffreatobligation upon all concerned. Undoubt-
edly he has the project in his head. He would
not propose to add fifty or seventy-five million
dollars a year to the ordinary expenses of the
Government unless he had a mode provided in
which he could meet it.
There is another thing which is very singular,
and that is that the honorable Senatorshould pro-
pose this precisely in this way, when he finds
that everything else is wrong, if we may believe
him and trust to his word. We have no money,
according to him; we have no credit; we are soon
to be bankrupt; we cannot get along! He is in
favor of the war, but the war must break down.
He is in favor of subjugating the rebels, but we
cannot subjugate them. All that is very natural,
because we have got so accustomed to it from
certain gentlemen now that we expect it as a
matter of course. But if he would only aid us to
get through with the difficulties which he himself
now seems bent upon increasing and enlarging,
as I said before, he would confer a great benefit,
an obligation, upon all concerned in devising ways
and means to cany on theGovernment. Iledoes
not seem to know precisely what we do pay to
all these classes, except the common soldiers.
Now, I would call his attention to anothei thing,
and I would call the attention of the Senate to it.
It is said that we are almost in a financial diffi-
culty at the present time; it is said that we have
trouble or are likely to have trouble in meeting
our obligations. From what does this arise?
Gentlemen on the other side of the House tell us
that it arises fiom the great inflation of the cur-
lency. How much has the cui rency been inflated
by the action of the present Congress? With a
single stroke of the pen almost, contrary to my
own opinion, we authorized the paymentof enor-
mous bounties, and continued those bounties for
months after we had first fixed a period for them.
The result was the expenditure of something over
$100,000,000 in bounties, very large bounties,
enormous bounties in point of fact, in order to
get soldiers into the field. Those who have con-
sidered the subject believe that if we could have
done it it might have been necessary, but that if
we had not done it we should not be so much
troubled as we are now, or not in so much danger
as we ore now in reference to these very consid-
erations.
Whogot this money? For whom have we been
obliged to involve ouiselves, if weare involved in
difficulties of this desci iption ? The soldiery; and
the same story was told then that is told now:
" We cannotget the men without it;"and we have
paid to these men these enormous bounties of
$400 and $500; and besides that, all over the coun-
try they have received about as much more from
their town.s, their cities, and other corporations;
and in addition to that, their families are taken care
of at home, if they need to be taken caie of. They
have just toenlisted knowing what their pay is,
their pay being thirteen dollais a month. They
leceived these huge bounties, hardly less than a
thousand dollars m almost any State m the Union,
put them into their pockets, and with that knowl-
edge having reenlistod, gone in with their eyes
open and with all patriotism too, I am willing to
admit: and now the Senator says we must add
fifty per cent, to their pay.
Sir, 1 have a better opinion of the patriotism
of the soldiers in the field—1 will not say a better
opinion; that would not be proper; I will say I
have as good an opinion of the patriotism of the
soldieis in the field as I have of the patriotism
of the honorable Senator from Indiana. They
enlisted within a short time, knowing what they
were to receive, knowing the increase in the
amount that they were obliged to pay for the or-
dinal y somces of suppoit, and I believe if you
put the question to them to-day, Will you have
your pay increased at the risk of breaking down
the finances of rh*  Government and putting a stop
