1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to take up the
bill (H. II. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of
Freedmen 's Affairs.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator ftom Massachusetts will not prevail. I de-
sire to take up the bill to prevent military inter-
ference with elections, which has been discussed
elaborately here, and have action upon-it. We
have legislated a great deal for the negro, and 1
think we ought to give a day or two for the white
man. My bill is to protect white men in their
rights, and I do hope we may be allowed to finish
it. Wediscussed itfourdays, and ldonotthink
this freedmen5s bill ought to intervene and pre-
vent it from being disposed of. I want to finish
the bill. I have been waiting for the financial
measures to get through. I have been urging it
at every chance I could get. I hope the Senate
will vote down the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and then I will move to take up
my bill and haveitleftas thcunfinished business,
so that wc can conclude it to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill that i move to take
up is one that comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives; it has been lying on the table of the
Senate for some time, and it ought to be acted
upon. I have tried again and again to press ac-
tion upon it, and now it seems to me the oppor-
tunity has come.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
from Massachusetts why he does not go on with
his bill to-day? We have got two hours yet be-
fore the usual time of adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. Because my colleague is about
to move an executive session.
Mr. GRIMES, i think the Senator's bill of
more consequence than going into executive ses-
sion and confirming a quartermaster or a com-
mi.^sary.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator to take up the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS — Mesers. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Coiiamer,
Coyness, Doolittle, Fes^enden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Hams, Howe, Pomeioy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sptasue, Suin-
ncj,Ton Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilknibon,
WiHfv. and Wilson—24.
NAY£—Messrs. Carltle, Henderson, McDougall, Powell,
Richardson, and Saul^buty—6.
ABSENT—Messis Biown. Buekalew, Cowan, Davix,
Dixon, Foot, Ilale, llaidmg, Hendricks, Hicks, Howaid,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana.Lam? of Kansas, Moigan, Moi-
rtli, Nrohuih, Riddif j and Wright—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
MARQUETTE AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
Mr. CHANDLER. As that bill is now up, I
will move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator to allow me
to introduce a motion to bring back a bill which
has gone to thp other House.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, if the Senator
will renew the motion.
Mr. HOWE. It is House bill No. 469,extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Marquette
and Ontonagon railroad of the State of Michigan.
It has been signed by the President pro tempore,
and is now in the hands of the Enrolling Commit-
tee in the House of Representatives. I think it
passed through inadvertence. The same identi-
cal bill has been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands this morning. I move to have that
bill recalled from the House of Representatives,
in order that a motion to reconsider may be en-
tered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if it has not gone to the President,
if thcie bo no objection.
Mr. HOWE. The bill has not gone to the
President.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose a motion to recon-
sider should be entered at the same time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itisnotneces-
sary now.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 7, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT OE COMMISSIONER OE PATENTS.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and under the rules referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be piintcd thirty thousand extra cop-
ies of the report of the Commissioner of Patents, twenty
thousand for the use of this House and ten thousand for the
Commissioner of Intents.
ADMISSIONS UPON TIIE FLOOR OE THE HOUSE.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules of the House
be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquiie into the ex-
pediency ot so amending the 134th rule providing for the
admission of persons on this floor that, in addition lo flip
peison^ named in taid lule who are entitled to admission
on this floor, ex-membeis of Congress shall be admitted
within the Hall of the House while the House is in session.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce,made adverse reports in the
following cases; which weie laid upon the tabic:
Memorial of citizens of Cincinnati relative to
the width between piers of bridges on the Ohio
river;
Memorials of the city of Milwaukee, for an ap-
propriation for preserving the harborat that city;
Memorial of the city of Baltimore in favor of
South American Steamship Company;
Petitions of citizens of Malonc, and of Saint
Lawrence county, for ship canal round the falls
of Niagara;
Petition of J. C. Stimpson, to change the name
of a propeller;
Petition of Baber and Morrill to change the
name of the ship Aureola to Southern Cross;
Resolution to change the name of the steamboat
Gem to Emma Boyd, No. 2;
A bill (H. R. No. 398) to regulate commerce
among the several States;
A bill (H. R. No. 471) in addition to acts in re-
lation to the registry of vessels; and
A bill (H. R. No. 349) providing that the port
of Portland, Maine, shall be placed on the same
basis as the ports enumerated m the ninth section
of the act of May 7, 1820.
"WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. HOOPER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the same committee.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 now ask that the committee
have leave to leport at any time.
Mr. COX. 1 object to that.
Mr. HOOPER. The loan bills expire at the
close of the present month,and this is to provide
ways and means for the coming fiscal year. It is
important that the bill should be reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. There will be no objection
if the consideration will not be urged in less than
one day after the bill is printed.
Mr. MORRILL. There wjll be no difficulty
on that point.
No objection being made, it was agreed that
the committee might report at any time,
LAND FOR MINT IN NEVADA.
Mr. BOUT WELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary
n joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain a title to cer-
tain property in Carson City, and Territory of
Nevada, for the purposes of a branch mint located
in said place, with an amendment.
The amendment was to add to the bill the fol-
lowing proviso:
J?)ovided, That the cost of said land, and the expenses
of tho purchase and conveyance thereof, shall not be a
charge upon or a claim against the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether or not this is Government land?
Mr. BOUTWELL, The facts ore these: cer-
tain persons claim a preemption upon these. lands,
and the citizens of Carson City have agreed to
contribute the necessary expenses to relieve the
land of that claim. The Attorney General has
given an opinion that under existing laws the
Secretary cannot receive the title, and the.pur-
pose of the resolution is to enable the Secretary
to receive the title. The proviso recommended
by the committee precludes the possibility of any
charge upon the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of IWmdh. Then I un-
derstand there is a vested right in the preemptors
which the Government desires to 'obtain.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly/
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third timd,
and passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion wa? agreed to.
GRANT OE LAND TO WISCONSIN.
On motion of Mr. SLOAN, an act (S. No. &41)
to grant to the State of Wisconsin a donation of
public land to aid in the construction of a ship
canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county
of Dorr, in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said State, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RANCIIE UO'LSA BE TOMALES, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Public Lands an act
(S. No. 216) to grant the right of preemption to
certain settlors on the Ranche Bolsa deTomales,
in the State of California.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. IIIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. C. BAILEY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of an act (S. No. 48) for the relief of B.
C.Bailey,and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commeice.
DANIEL DOLAND.
Onrmotion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Maasa*
chusetts, the Committee on Invalid Pensions was
discharged from the further consideration of tho
petition of Daniel Doland, of Roxbury, Massa-
chusetts, for an increase of pension; and tin; same
was laid on the table.
ELIZABETH P. MEANS.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, the Committee on Invalid Pensions was
discharged from the fuither cousideiution of a bill
(II. R. No. 273) for the relief of Elizabeth P.
iVlotuis; and the same was laid on the tab'<
WILLIAM R. MUDGE.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, the Committee on Invalid Pensions was
discharged from the consideration of the petition
of William R. Madge for relief; and the same
was laid on the table.
MAJOR GENERAL SAMUEL R. CURTIS.
Mr. WILSON asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That thf I'reMdent be requested to communi-
cate to tliM House the detente of Jlajoi Gcmeial S. R. Cur-
tis arratnst the report made by the McDowell commission,
including m such eommumcatiun all paper* nntl ovub nee
submitted on belialf ol General Cuius m said deft use.
Mr. HOLMAN. Wuh the amendment that
he shall also communicate the report itself of
McDowell, I will not object.
Mr. WILSON. That has been communicated
to the Senate.
Mr. HOLMA.N. I suggest to the gentleman
that he amend his resolution, so as to require the
Secretary of War to communicate to the House
the report of the commission itselfnlso.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the gentleman
that the report of the commission has already
been communicated to the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Well, in that case I presume
we do not need it.
