1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183'
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Chap. CXLI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to provide a Temporary Government
for the Territory of Idaho," approved March
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentat Ives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Governor of the Territory of
Idaho he, and he is hereby^ authorized to reap-
portion said Territory forthe election of members
of the Council and House of Representatives of
the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That said
apportionment shall be based on an enumeration
of the inhabitants and qualified voters of the sev-
eral counties and districts of the Territory, to be
taken by such persons and in such mode as the
Governor shall designate and appoint, and the
persons so appointed shall receive a reasonable
compensation therefor, to be paid out of the ter-
ritoiial treasury: Provided further, That this act
shall not be construed to divest any member of
the Council elected at the first election in said Ter-
ritory, of any rights he may have acquired by
virtue of said election, who was elected from any
county or district within the present limits of the
Territory of Idaho.
Sec. 2. And be (t further enacted, That the
annual election in said Territory for the election
of all officers provided for by the laws of said
Territory, for the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, shall be held at such places as is
now provided by law, and such other places
as the Governor may direct,nn the second Mon-
day of October.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act to confirm certain En-
tries of Land in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, Thatall entries heretofore made under
the graduation act of August fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, in township forty-five north,
of range nine west, south of Missouri river, in
the district of land subject to sale at St. Louis,
Missouri, shall be, and are hereby, confirmed:
Provided, however, That this act shall notextend
to any entry of land aforesaid upon which there
was an actual settler other than the purchaser at
the date of such entry, and that it shall first be
shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Interior that the entry has been made in good
fnith, and is founded upon actual settlemem and
Cultivation, or is for the use of an adjoining farm:
Provided further, That the lands shall bo paid
for in money, or in land warrants, to the amount
of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Approved, Juno 20, 1864.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act to detach the Counties
of Calhoun and Branch from the Western Ju-
dicial District, and annex the same to the East-
ern District of the State of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the counties of Calhoun and
Branch, in the State of Michigan, be, and the
same are hereby, detached from the western judi-
cial district and annexed to and made a part of
the eastern judicial district of said State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall not in any manner affect any suitor pro-
ceeding now pending in the courts in the western
judicial district of the State of Michigan, hut the
same shall be proceeded in and determined in said
courts in the same manner as if this act had not
been passed.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CXL1V.—An Act concerning Lands in the
State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of AmericainCongress
assembled, That, under the patent of the United
States, issued on the 28th day of February, 1861,
to Joseph S. Alemany, as the bishop of Monte-
rey, and his successors, for the tract of land or
rancho known as Canada de los Pinos, or Col-
lege Rancho, situate in the county of Santa Bar-
bara, State of California, as described in such
patent, to have and to hold the same to him and
them " in trust for the religious purposes and
uses" therein mentioned, it shall be lawful for the
said Joseph S. Alemany and his successors, as
the grantees of said patent, to sell the said tract or
rancho, or any part thereof, and all proper con-
veyances in that behalf to make and deliver, and
the proceeds thereof to apply, under the direction
of the Roman Catholic archbishop of San Fran-
cisco, in the State of California, and his succes-
sors in office, or other proper authority of the
Roman Catholic church in said State, for the pur-
poses of education anywhere within said State,
not inconsistent with the laws thereof; anything
in such patent, or in the original grant or conces-
sion of said tract or rancho, or other title whereby
the same was acquired from and under the au-
thorities of Spain or Mexico, to the contrary
notwithstanding; and all trusts conditions, pro-
visions, or covenants, precedent or subsequent,
expressed or implied, m said patent, grant, con-
cession, or title, to the contrary hereof, and all
breaches of the same, are heieby wholly waived,
abrogated, discharged, dispensed with, and re-
leased on the part of the United States, for the
purposes of this act; and any conveyance or dis-
position made in pursuance thereof shall operate
to pass all the right and interest of the United
States in said lauds to the grantee. -
Approved, Juns 20, 1864.
Chap. CXLV.—An Act to increase the Pay of
Soldiers in the United States Army, and for
other purposes.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives affile United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That on and a(V;r the first day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and during the
continuance of the present rebellion, the pay per
month of non-commissioned officers and privates
in the military service of the United States shall
be as follows, viz: Sergeant majors, twenty-six
dollars; quarter masters and commissary sergeants
of cavalry, art ill-cry, and infantry, twenty-two dol-
lars; first sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and in-
fantry, twenty-four dollars; sergeants of cavalry,
artillery, and infantry, twenty dollars; sergeants
of ordnance, sappers and miners, and pontoniers,
thirty-fourdollars; corporalsof ordnance,sappers
and miners, and pontoniers, twenty dollars; pri-
vates of engineers and ordnance, of the first class,
eighteen dollars, and of the second class, sixteen
dollars; corporals of cavalry, artillery, and in-
fantry, eighteen dollars; chief buglers of cavalry,
twenty-three dollars; buglers,sixteen dollars; far-
riers and blacksmiths of cavalry, and artificers of
aitillery, eighteen dollars; privates of cavalry,
artillery, and infantry, sixteen dollars; principal
musicians of artillery and infantry, twenty-two
doS.ars; leaders of brigade and regimental bands,
seventy-five dollars; musicians, sixteen dollars;
hospital stewards of the first class, thirty-three
dollars; hospital stewards of the second class,
twenty-five dollars; hospital stewards of the thiid
class, twenty-three dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Army ration shall hereafter be the same as pro-
vided by law and regulations on the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one: Provided,
That the ration of pepper prescribed m the elev-
enth section of the act to promote the efficiency
of the corps of engineers, and of the ordnance
department, and for other purposes, approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-throe,
shall continue to be furnished as heretofore.
But nothing contained m this act shall be con-
strued to alter the commutation value of rations
as regulated by existing laws.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all non-
commissioned officers and privates in the regu-
lar Army, serving under enlistments made prior
to July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, shall have the privilege of reenlistmg
for the term of three years in their respective or-
ganizations until the first day of August next;
and all such non-commissioned officers and pri-
vates so reenlistmg shall be entitled to the boun-
ties mentioned in the joint resolution of Congress
approved January thirteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four.
Sec.. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be
added to the battalion of engineers one sergeant
major, who shall bo paid thirty-six dollars per
month, and one quartermaster sergeant, who '
shall also be commissary sergeant, who shall be
paid twenty-two dollars per month.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted; That there
shall be attached to,and made apart of, the War
Department, during the continuance of the present
rebellion, a bureau to be known as the Bureau of
Military Justice, to which shall be returned for
revision the records and proceedings of all the
courts-martial^ courts of inquiry, and military
commissions of the armies of the United States,
and in which a record shall be kept of all pro-
ceedings had thereupon.
Se;c. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
President shall appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, as the head of said
bureau, a Judge Advocate General, with the rank,
pay, and allowances of a brigadier general, and
an Assistant Judge Advocate General, with the
rank, pay, and allowances of a colonel of cav-
alry. And the said Judge Advocate General and
his Assistant shall receive, revise, and have re-
corded the proceedings of the courts-martial,
courts of inquiry, and military commissions of
the armies of the United States, and perform such
other duties as have heretofore been performed
by the Judge Advocate General of the armies of
the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of War shall have power to appoint
for said bureau one fourth-class, one third-class,
one second-class, and two first-class clerks.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases where the Government shall furnish trans-
portation and subsistence to discharged officers
and soldiers from the place of their discharge to
the place of their enrollment or original muster
into the service, they shall not be entitled to
travel, pay, or commutation of subsistence.
Sec. 9. Andbe ilfnrther enacted, That so much
of the fifth section of the act entitled " An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws arid protecting the'public prop-
erty," approved July twenty-second, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-one, as provides that
each company officer, non-commissioned officer,
private, musician, and artificer of cavalry* shall
furnish his own horse and horse equipments, and
shall receive forty centg per day for their use and
risk, is hereby repealed, except only so far as the
same may hereafter be made to apply and relate
to mounted troops called into the service of tho
United Slates for a term not exceeding six months.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act the pay of clerks
of paymasters in the Army of the United States
shall be twelve hundred dollars per annum, with-
out rations.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
thirty-first section of an act entitled " An act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes, approved March third, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, be, and
the same is hereby, so amended as that an officer
may have, when allowed by order of his proper
commander, leave of absence for other cause than
sickness or wounds, without deduction from his
pay or allowances: Protii<Zed,That theaggregate of
such absence shall not exceed thirty days in any
one year.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, June 20, 1864.
Chap. CXLVII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for tho Legislative, Executive, and Judi-
cial Expenses Of the Government for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hutt-
dicd and sixty-five, namely:
legislative.
For compensation and mileageof Senators,tv/o
