2788
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. ODELL. Oh! I think we had better call
for it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution calling for
information from one of the Executive Depart-
ments can only be considered to-day by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to know if the
report has been printed in the Senate?
The SPEAKER. All executive communica-
tions are ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is suggested to me that it
would be better for the House to call for the re-
port of the commission, and Iwiahto include also
the defense made by Colonel James R. Slack, of
Indiana.
Mr. WILSON. I trust the gentleman from
Indiana will not insist on adding anything to this
resolution. I presume there will be no objection
to the adoption of a resolution covering the case
to which the gentleman refers, but I have a par-
ticular desire that we shall get this defense of
General Curtis separately.
Mr. ODELL. I move to amend the resolution
so as to call for the report of the commission.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me very import-
ant that we should get the report of the commis-
sion before the House. It affects n great many
gentlemen from my own State as well as from the
Slate of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. ODELL. I shall object to the reception
of the resolution unless thegentleman from Iowa
will accept my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I did not hear the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the gentleman from Indiana draw up lus res-
olution now on the spot and offer it when this is
disposed of.
Mr. ODELL. My amendment is that the res-
olution shall include a call for the report of the
commission.
Mr. WILSON. It has been communicated to
the Senate.
Mr. ODELL. I am aware of that, but we
want jt in the House also.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
papers transmitted by the Executive Departments
arc printed but once, and the Department will have
of course to copy the entire papers again and send
them here.
Mr. WILSON. Iam informed that the report
has been ordered to be printed by the Senate.
Mr. IIOLMAN. That does not give us con-
trol of the document at all. The Department could
send the printed document here without any diffi-
culty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let thegen-
tleman draw up a resolution calling for the defense
of Colonel Slack. There will be no objection to it.
Mr. WILSON. Let it come in as a separate
resolution.
Mr, HOLMAN. I desire to have the report
itself brought before the House.
Mr. WILSON. Well, if the resolution is go-
ing to err ate any difficulty I will not press it now,
but will wait until the States are called for reso-
lutions. I offered it for the purpose of doing jus-
tice to a brave and patriotic gentleman, a resident
of my own district; but if objection is made I
will withdraw if.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do notwish to stand in the
position ofobjecting,and therefore I withdraw my
suggestion.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN TREATIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary ot the Interior, recommend-
ing an appropriation to fulfill treaty stipulations
with vanous Indian tribes; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
SALES OF GOLD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the bill (S. No.
106) to prohibit certain sales of gold and foreign
exchange, coming up as unfinished business, the
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Hooper to strike out the first section of the bill,
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That it shall be unlawful to make any contract for the
purchase or sale or delivery of any gold coin or bullion to
be delivered on any day subsequent to the day of making
such contract, or for the payment of any sum, either fixed
or contingent, in default of the delivery of any cold coin or
bullion,or to makesuchcontiactupounny othertennsthan
the actual delivery of such gold coin or bullion, and the pay-
ment in full of the agreed price thereof, on the day on wiiich
such contract is made, in United States notes or national
currency, and not otherwise ; or to make any contract for
the purchase or sale or delivery of any foreign exchange to
be delivered at any time beyond ten days subsequent to the
making of such contract; or for the payment of any sum,
either fixed or contingent, in default of the delivery of any
foreign exchange, or upon any other terms than the actual
delivery of such foreign exchange within ten days from the
making of such contract, and the immediate payment in full
of the agreed price thereof on the day of delivery in United
States notes or national currency; or to make any contract
whatever for the sale or delivery of any gold coin orbullion
of which the person making such contract shall not, at the
time of making the same, be in actual possession. And it
shall be unlawful to make any loan of money or currency
not being in coin to be repaid in coin or bullion, or to make
any loan of com or bullion to be repaid in money or cur-
rency other than coin ; or to make any other contract con-
taining any stipulation lor payment otherwise than in law-
ful money.
On this amendment the previous question has
been moved.
Mr. THAYER. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw the previous
question, in order that I may move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last two lines—
" or to make any other contract containing any
stipulation for payment otherwise than in lawful
money."
Mr. HOOPER. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion to give the gentleman from Pennsylvantaan
opportunity to make a statement.
Mr. THAYER. These last two lines pro-
hibit the making of any contract containing a
stipulation for payment otherwise than in lawful
money. It certainly cannot be within the con-
templation of the Committee of Ways and Means
to prohibit all contracts for the exchange of prop-
erty where payment is to be made in merchandise
or labor, or any other matter, not pertaining at
all to dealings in gold or in bills of exchange,"but
which would fall within the letter and meaning
of this provision. I cannot vote for the bill if
this provision be retained. I do not think that
its force will be in any degree impaired if these
words are struck out.
Mr. MORRILL. I would also suggest that a
payment in com would be a payment m lawful
money. 1 see no necessity for that clause.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend theamend-
rncnt by striking out the words 1 have indicated.
Mr. JlOOPER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. GANSON. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts who offered this amendment said that
it was drawn with great care and deliberation. I
desire to invite that gentleman's attention to the
first clause, which declares it to be unlawful to
make a contract for the delivery of gold coin or
bullion. If a person in Chicago has $1,000 in
coin or bullion he cannot under this act go to
an express company and make a contract for its
delivery at New York. If a person having gold
coin or bullion m California desires to have it
transported to New Yoik and delivered there, he
could not, under this bill, make a lawful contract
for that puipose. I do not suppose that the gen-
tleman intended that his amendment would have
such an effect as this. It strikes ine that the
proposition should not be seriously entertained
by the House.
Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, the next clause
declares that for the sale oractnal delivery of any
gold or bullion the payment of the puce must be
in United States notes or national currency, and
not otherwise. This, of course, would make it
unlawful to pay for coin or bullion in the cur-
rency of the State banks, or in a check upon a
bank. And I take it for granted that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts does not seriously en-
tertain the idea of prohibiting tr msactions of that
kind.
The next clause refers to foreign exchange.
Under it a person in New York cannot sell a
cargo of grain and buy exchange with the cargo.
He cannot draw against the cargo. He cannot
take a bill or a check on a bank for the purchase
price'of his cargo of grain. I do not see what
necessity or propriety there is of interfering with
these daily and necessary transactions of busi-
ness. It certainly cannot tend to strengthen the
Government; and the only effect will be to cause
an entire disrespect for the legislative body that
would pass any such enactment, or sanction any
law containing any such provisions.
I understand that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] has consented to with-
draw the last provision, which is more absurd
than any other, if that be possible.
But I do not wish to discuss these matters. I
think that it is enough to call the attention of the
House to these provisions. I do not see the aim
and the purpose of the bill. It cannot strengthen
the credi t of the Government. The only measures
which will serve effectually to restore and sus-
tain the credit of the Government are a reduction
of the present redundant irredeemable paper cir-
culation, the raising of money for the purposes
of the Government by loans, and collecting by
imports and taxes revenue sufficient to pay the
interest and create a sinking fund for the ultimate
payment of such loans. This bill can do nothing
but throw absurd obstacles in the way of ordi-
nary business transactions of the country.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to call the attention of the House to the
last provision of the amendment offered by the
member from Massachusetts. It seems to me
that it is unconstitutional. It is there provided
that it shall be unlawful to make any loan of
money or currency not being in coin to be repaid
in coin or bullion, or to make any loan of coin or
bullion to be repaid in money or currency other
than coin. I insist that that provision is against
the Constitution. We have a Constitution which
allows a man to pay gold for any indebtedness
whatever; and if 1 make a contract payable in
"greenbacks" I have a constitutional right to
pay in gold. I say that Congress cannot take
away that right. I may not have the disposition
to pay in gold, still 1 have the constitutional
right to do so. *
We are proposing to legislate here against the
terms and provisions of the Constitution. I for
one shall vote for any reasonable proposition
which this Administration may want to carry
on its financial operations. I believe we are le-
gislating on subjects which we cannot reach by
legislation.
I have already addressed my views to the
House on this subject, and I do not propose to
detain them by any repetition of them at this
time. 1 propose to add the following to the
amendment:
Provided, however, That during the operation of this act
the laws of trade and the law of giavitauou be, and they
are hereby, suspended.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts to the
question which struck me on reading the Senate
bill. It is provided, in the printed copy I have
here, that it shall be unlawful to make any trans-
actions in gold or foreign exchange. Without
stopping to inquire whether it is right or wrong,
whether it would be beneficial or otherwise, it
strikes me, if the bill become a law, it will not
be effective in controlling transactions in gold
and foreign exchange. There is no penalty pro-
vided for the violation of the law. The bill der
dares that it is unlawful, but by what law will
you punish the broker, or speculator, or gold
gambler for violating this law?
Mr. HOOPER. Let me call the gentleman's
attention to the remaining sections of the bill. The
gentleman has only the amendment that I propose,
lie will find that section four of the Senate bill
provides for the punishment of any infraction of
the law.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I have not seen that bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment and the original bill are intended to accom-
plish one single result, and that is to prevent ail
sales and transfers of gold, unless the gold is deliv-
ered at the instant of transaction, and the payment
is at the same time made in the notes of the United
States or notes of the national banks. Whatever
may be the language of either the amendment or
the bill, that is the sole object of both. And I de-
sire for a moment to call attention to the sweep-
