i8i±
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
of the colored troops ouglr, to be increased, they
did their duty in urging it. I gave an Rumble
vote against it. I felt that it was right to vote
against it, for the reason that I do not believe the
negro soldier is equal to the white soldier. That
is my judgment. It was my judgmentthen, itis
my judgmentnow; and Ibelieve thatevery battle-
field that has tested the comparative courage and
soldierlike qualities of the two classes of soldiers
has sustained my view from the time that vote
was given in this body. But I do not choose to
discuss that, sir. 1 now ask, not as a party mat-
ter, with no party prejudice on the subject, sim-
ply that the pay of the soldier shall be increased.
It is indorsed by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of this body—not to the full amount; it is
not important whether I go a dollar above or a
dollar below the recommendation of the commit-
tee; the recommendation of the committee is that
the pay shall be increased, and I suggest that it
shall be fifty per cent.
The Senator from Maine suggests that there
are difficulties about this; that 1 can solve the
difficulty with one stroke of the pen; but what
difficulties, sir? Jf he undertakes to discriminate
in a bill between the soldiers that were formerly
enlisted and the veterans that have recently re-
enlisted, he will find difficulties that he cannot
oveicome. If he undertakes to say that one class
of soldiers and volunteers in 1861, 1862, and the
early part of 1863, shall have sixteen or eighteen
dollars a month, and that those who enlisted re-
cently shall have a less compensation, I say to the
Senator he cannot carry it through, and such a
proposition will defeat the bill in this boi.y; or if
carried through this body it would produce dis-
cord and division in the Army, which the Sen-
ator, as a true patriot, does not desire to see.
Will he undertake to say for a moment that there
are difficulties depending upon the date of the en-
listment?
The Senator also says that we have given to
the veterans $400 of abounly, and tluitispay. It
was not given as a bounty, sir. It was given to
secure an efficient army; and the Senator objected
to that. He resisted it; but the Military Com-
mittee, that felt the importance of securing the
veterans again in the Army for the campaign of
J864, thought that the Government ought imme-
diately to secure their reenlistment, and there-
fore thatcommittee reported it. It was upon their
recommendation, not mine, though I very cheer-
fully voted for the measure. Upon the commit-
tee's recommendation it was so proposed to the
veterans that they should receive the $400; and
now is it to be said that that is a part of the com-
pensation? No, sir, it was not l'or that; it was
to secure reenlistmetits. But there are thousands
of soldiers ill the Army, hundreds of thousands
I presume, that have not recently enlisted; some
that enlisted, perhaps, in the latter part of 3861
and the first part of 1862, that do not come within
the class described by the Senator. Is justicg
hot to be done to them ?
The Senator has asked me to suggest how the
finances are to be provided for. Feeling that we
had so able a Committee on Finance as exists in
this body, it did not devolve on me perhaps to in-
vestigate that subject as thoroughly as the Sena-
tor. 1 will say, however, that, our finances can
be placed in a better condition by the encourage-
ment of economy in the administration of the
Government, by striking off and striking down
that favoritism which is using up the means and
resources of the Treasury. The Senator from
Maine,thechairmanoftheOommitteeon Finance, ;
eon promote the interests of the Treasury by a ]
fair revenue law, a tax bill. That question is be- j
fore the House of Representatives. We have seen
their bill. Whether that is such a measure as 1
can support I cannot say. It'it is just to the inter-
ests which it is my duty to represent here I shall
give it my support. While there is much of the
policy of this Administration that I do not ad-
rniiu, I fee! it to be my duty to sustain the credit
of the Government, and 1 will give to a just and
fair tux hill my support.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from In-
diana permit me one word here?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I just thought that at that
point, for what it was worth, I wouid prognosti-
cate a little; and my prediction is that the Sena-
tor will find that that tax bill is not just when it
is acted unon in this body.
Mr HENDRICKS. When the Senator has
an argument to present I shall be happy to hear
him; when he has a fling to make he had better
go into the lobbies to make it. I shall vote ac-
cording to my judgment and conscience when
that bill eomes up, and shall try to give such a
vote as I shall be able to vindicate before the peo-
ple of the State of Indiana to whom I am answer-
able for my vote.
The Senator from Maine felt it to be his duty
also to say that I had said that I was in favor of
the war, but the war could not succeed. I will
ask the Senator when he heard me say 'so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not undertake to
repeat the language of the gentleman. I was
barely repeating the general line of argument on
the other side of the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should be obliged to
the Senator to say if he has heard any Demo-
cratic Senator say that at this session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think I have. Itismy
very strong impression. I will not undertake to
designate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator has heard
no such words from me; he has heard no such
sentiment from me, nothing bordering on it.
He also suggested that I was in favor of the
subjugation of the South, but that they could not
be subjugated ! I do not know what the Senator
means by " subjugation," sir. If he means ihat
I am in favor, with all the earnestness of my na-
ture,of a restoration of thisUnion upon the basis
of the Constitution, he speaks correctly. If he
means to say that I am in favor of the destruction
and-—to use the language that has been uttered in
another branch of the Congress—of the devasta-
tion of the South, I am not in favor of that. I
am in favor of the prosecution of this war upon
such a policy as will secure a return of the south-
ern people, thatthere may be prosperity and great-
ness there to support the prosperity and greatness
and enterprise of the Noith at the same time.
Sir, I have said much more upon this proposi-
tion than 1 expected to say. I have felt it to be
my duty to bring it before the Senate,and 1 shall
content myself now With askingfor a vote by the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi.DOOLlTTLE. Mr. President,the foun-
dation of the argument for raising the compensa-
tion of the soldiers in the Army is based upon
the state of the cnireney, and is necessarily in-
volved in the currency question. If such a sys-
tem be adopted by Congress as will put a limit
to this hitherto illimitable expansion of paper
money, the price is enough, the wages of labor
in the country, the compensation of soldiers in
the Army is sufficient; but if such a system of
currency is to be curried through by this Con-
giess as to let the evil of a depreciation of paper
go on, it may in the end force a nominal increase
not only of the compensation of soldiers, but of
everybody in the employment of the Govern-
ment.
1 do not propose to go into the discussion of
this question, as 1 regard it as all involved in the
currency question which is pending in Congress,
and for one 1 am disposed to have this question
postponed until after that is acted upon, and I
shall vote against us going upon this bill. If we
can adopt a good currency system, 1 shall be al-
together opposed toaohange in the compensation
of soldiers or anybody in the employment of the
Government.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to say one word, sir.
Those who have gone befoie us have taken the
trouble to distinguish very particularly as to the
pay that should "be allowed to certain non-com-
missioned officers, and Ibelieve the pay of some
of those ofiieeis runs up now as high as twenty-
one dollais a month, i have the law of 1845 be-
fore me, where the pay of a private wasonly eight
dollars a month; and I see that in that law some
of the non-commissioned officers run up as high
as seventeen dollars ft month Now, it is pro-
; posed, for the purpose, as the Senator from In-
I diana says, of enabling tliese soldiers to support
I their families at home, to give them an additional
I compensation of fifty per cent, to that which they
• now have. That would pay to a non-commis-
; sinned officer a little upwards of thirty dollars a
month, while it would pay to a private twenty
dollars a month.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You said the pay of non-
commissioned officers was seventeen dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. I said that was their pay in
1845.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Twenty-two dollars
some receive.
Mr. GRIMES. Some of them, the Senator's
colleague says, receive twenty-two dollars. I
said that under the law of 1845, when a private
received only.eight dollars a month, some non-
commissioned officers received seventeen dollars
a month. Now the proposition is to increase the
pay of these non-commissioned officers fifty per
cent. Does it not cost just as much to support
the family of the private in Indiana as it does the
family of a non-commissioned officer in Indiana?
Is there any reason why this great distinction
should be continued or enlarged between a non-
commissioned officer and a private?
Then again; this is another example of the one-
sided legislation that we have indulged in here
during the last two or three years. Whenever
the pay of the Army is settled it ought to be set-
tled upon somegeneral principle; and the pay not
only of the Army but of the Navy and the other
branches of the public service should be fixed and
established at the same time. We went on here
a year or two ago and gave large bounties to sol-
diers and none to men enlisted into the naval ser-
vice. The result was thateverybody was allured
off into the Army to the exclusion of the Navy,
and we were deprived of the requisite number of
men for the latter branch of the public service.
Precisely the same effect will be the consequence
of the adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana. You will draw off into the Army
by giving fifty per cent, additional pay the very
men you may want, and probably will want, in
the public service in some other capacity.
When the bill comes to us which it is pre-
dicted is to come fiom the House of Representa-
tives, then will be the time for us to determine
what shall be the pay of all men whom we may
desire to enlist into the public service, and let us
not adopt an amendment of this kind, which,
while it may be to the personal advantage of some
men, and while it may stiengihcn one branch of
the public service, is calculated greatly to weaken
another branch.
Mi. VV1LLEY. It seems to me, sir, that there is
I no proposition clearer than that the compensation
of the soldiers, under existing circumstances,
should be "increased; but 1 beg leave to say that,
in my opinion, there is no proposition clearer than
that 10 do so justly and equitably, it would be in-
expedient to vote for the proposition now before
the Senate. If we were to puss iliisameudinent,
what would be its effect ? Is there a Senator here
who can tell ? Can the Senator from Indiana, with
whom I concur entirely m the propiiety ot in-
creasing the compensation of the soldier, tell what
will be the effect of his amendment ? How much
would it increase the compensation of the non-
commissioned officer? He may arrive at a cor-
rect conclusion in regard to the private soldiers;
but m regard to the non-commissioned officeis,
how much do they get now? Can any Senator
give me information on that subject? Theie are
various grades of them. What is the difference
between one and another, and how will the com-
pensation of these various grades of non-com-
missioned officers be increased, if his amendment
be adopted ?
It seems, therefore, tiiat to do that we should
be legislating blindly; we should be appropria-
ting public money, at a time when we have none
too much of it, in a manner which we cannot now
anticipate. Is it wise, then, to act before we have
the facts befoie us? Is it wise to say how much
a man's compensation shall be increased before
we know what hiscompensauon isnovv? 1 think
not, sir; and especially does it seem to me inex-
pedient to pass the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana at this time, since we have a com-
mittee both in ibis body and in the other branch
of Congress who are specially charged with this
very object. The Senator from I ndianu says that
unless this amendment is passed no increase of
compensation will be made to the private soldier
and the non-commissioned officer at this session
of Congress. I do not understand that any such
