1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
278$
ing character of the proposition. No man shall
sellgold unless he delivers itatthe-moment of sale
or within the day. No man shall buy gold unless
he pays for it in the notes of the United States or
national currency notes. That is all of the Senate
bill and of the amendment, so far as they relate to
transactions in gold.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thay-
er] called attention to a very grave objection to
theamendmentof the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hooper.] He objected to the last
clause of the amendment. That clause provides
that it shall be unlawful " to make any other con-
tract containing any stipulation for payment oth-
erwise than in lawful money." He objected to
it because it would prohibit any bargain in which
the consideration was to be other than lawful
money, because it would prohibit a sale of mer-
chandise or land for gold. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] yielding to that
objection, assented to strike out the last lines of
his amendment. I submit to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that this does not accomplish his
purpose. In line eleven of the amendment it is
provided that no sale or transfer of gold shall be
valid unless the consideration is paid in Treasury
notes or national bank notes.
Now, sir, I contend that under this clause of
the amendment a man cannot sell his horse for
gold; he cannot sell his land for gold; he cannot
sell his wheat for gold. All transactions in gold
are made illegal unless the price is paid in the
notes of the United States or the notes of na-
tional banks. I agree with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] that this is a most
extraordinary provision, and as fatal as extraor-
dinary.
Mr. GANSON. How will it apply to Cali-
fornia, where they have nothing else but gold ?
Mr. PENDLETON. I am earning to that.
Under this provision as it stands, no article of
value except notes of the United States and notes
of national banks can be paid in exchange for
gold. It prohibits transactions in gold except-
upon the delivery of the consideration in that par-
ticular currency. The friends of the bill will say
that a contract for the delivery of a horse for a
price to be paid in gold is the sale of a horse, not
the purchase of gold. If they yield that point
they open wide the door for the evasion of the
bill. They sacrifice their object over a quibble.
But if that be true, the bill and amendment both
provide thatthegold shall be delivered within the
day on which the contract is made. And if I am
mistaken in the interpretation I give to the lan-
guage of the eleventh line of the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
submit that it is very clear that the transaction
must be completed immediately. A man cannot
sell upon credit any article at all for gold. There
must be delivery of gold upon the day the sale is
made and the article is delivered. If I am mis-
taken in supposing that the provision is as sweep-
ing in relation to the consideration to be paid, I
am not mistaken in the time in which the gold
must be delivered; and a man cannot sell his horse,
a bill of goods, his wheat, or -his whisky for a
price to 'be paid in gold, unless he receives the
money in hand.
Are gentlemen willing to go that length? Even
if it be necessary to pass a law to accomplish the
avowed purpose of this bill, are gentlemen willing
to go to the extent of these provisions?
On the Pacific coast all transactions are in gold.
Amid all the fluctuations of the currency gold has
maintained its normal position as money, and
United States notes and notes of national banks
are quoted as below par. Will you change all
their transactions there ? A man there does his
marketing with gold, runs up his bills at stores
and pays them in gold. The farmer keeps his
account with his commission merchant and the
balance is payable in gold. Men draw all their
bills of exchange payable in gold; make their
contracts for the future, and if breach is made the
forfeiture is payable in gold. Is it to be pretended
that under the idea of accomplishing what the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts wants we shall sweep
out of existence all their transactions and substi-
tute the system of this bill?
1/ it is not out of order in the House to allude
to the Constitution of the United States, I would
like to have the gentleman from Massachusetts
explain to me under what clause of the Consti-
tution the Federal Government has power at all
to touch this subject. Where does it come from ?
The practical operation of this bill is to prevent
dealings in gold in the city of New York between
citizens of that city. Will the gentleman tell me
where the Federal Government gets the powerto
interfere between citizens of the same State in re-
lation to contracts to be executed entirely within
the limits of the State? Where does it come from?
Congress has powerto regulate commerce, but it
must be commerce between the States. It is not
pretended that this bill is to be operative only on
contracts between citizens of different States or
contracts to be executed in another State. Con-
gress has power to coin money. I submitto every
gentleman whether this bill is ill aid of the power
to coin money ? There is no provision in the
Constitution of the United States under which
this power can fairly be brought.
When thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts moves
the previous question upon this bill, as I suppose
he will, I desire before he does it to give us the par-
ticular provision of the Constitution under which
he derives the power of regulating contracts be-
tween citizens of the same State to be performed
within the jurisdiction of that State. If the gen-
tleman desires to make an answer I will yield to
him now with great pleasure.
And, sir, at the end of the bill there is the pro-
vision authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell in open market any gold in the Treasury
of the United States not necessary for the pay-
ment of the interest of the public debt. I have
no disposition to detain the House with any fur-
ther comments upon that part of this bill. It was
debated at length in both Houses, and the bill
intended to confer that power passed. I see it
stated that within a day or two past ยง1,000,000 in
gold has been sold by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. 1 desire to call the attention of gentlemen
to the prophecies which were made to us at the
time that bill was urged upon the House. If I
recollect, one gentleman, supposed to be very
familiar with all these transactions, and whose
experience certainly entitled him to speak with
authority, said here that if that gold bill was
passed, for the next two years gold would never
be above 130. It has not yet reached that point,
and I doubt much whether it has ever been, ex-
cept for a single day, since the passage of that
bill, five per cent, below the point it was at when
the bill passed. These are all vain, inefficient
devices, for the purpose of bolstering up a re-
dundant paper currency, and the sooner we come
to the conclusion that if we desire to keep up the
proper relation between the value of Government
paper and gold in the country we must reduce the
amount of circulation, and not attempt to hinder
transactions in gold by any device of this kind,
the sooner will we be able to arrive at a true so-
lution of the difficulty.
I do not desire, Mr. Speaker, to detain the
House further. My only object was to call the
attention of gentlemen who are not willing to go
blindly to every length asked by the Secretary of
the Treasury to look into the provisions of this
bill and see whether they are prepared to usurp
the power which is necessary to pass it, and
whether they believe that after they nave usurped
that power the bill will accomplish the purpose
designed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, no mem-
ber of this House is more desirous of doing ev-
erything within the power of Congress to facili-
tate the action of the Administration in the present
emergency. 1 would strain every point of law
for the purpose of doing that which the Govern-
ment in its wisdom deem it necessary for Con-
gress to do; and, sir, 1 would cheerfully vote for
the amendment of my friend from Massachusetts
if I supposed that, under the Constitution or un-
der any law whatever, it could be sustained.
Sir, I favored the previous legislation of the
House upon the gold bill. I believe that legisla-
tion was under the Constitution and the law. I
do not believe that this amendment is under either.
There can be no-legislation, in my judgment, re-
straining speculative operations in gold except
upon the principle that such operations are contra
bonos mores; that gold, being the standard of value
among civilized nations, is not an article of com-
merce, and hence that speculations in the article
are in the nature of gambling and may be re-
strained hy law.
But, sir, it seems to me that the amendment
cannot be sustained under the Constitution, and
hence there is no power in Congress to pass it.
By a fair construction of the amendment a man
could purchase a bill of goods in Paris or Liver-
pool upon credit. In relation to foreign exchange a
differentprinciplemay prevail. Foreign exchange
is an article of trade and commerce. The custom
of merchants has made it so, and it is doubtful
whether Congress can pass a law saying that a
contract for the delivery of a bill of exchange
shall not be good unless that bill of exchange is
delivered presently, or within ten days from the
date when the contract is made. Can Congress
say that a merchant shall not purchase a cargo of
goods in the port of New York for which gold
necessarily must be paid, or that which repre-
sents the value of gold in the port from which the
goods started, upon a credit of thirty or sixty
days ? And yet, if we pass this amendment, such
may be the fair construction. It seems to me that
it is a regulation of the laws of contract which
the Government has no power to enforce. I would
do anything, not only to support the Government,
but would do anything that I properly could do
to foil the gold gamblers in New York, who are
making money at theexpense of theGovernment
by their unpatriotic and dishonest dealings. But
in order to do that I would not pass the amend-
ment under consideration, which, in my judg-
ment, is not warranted by the Constitution. I
believe that if we were to adopt this amendment it
could not be sustained in the courts; and I cer-
tainly, for one, will never consent to stultify my-
self by voting for a measure which I believe en-
tirely illegal.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the report of the committee of confer-
ence to the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill.
The report was read. The committee agreed
to recommend to their respective Houses as fol-
lows; that the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the second amendment of the Senate,
which was to insert the words " and twenty-five
consular pupils," and agree to the same with an
amendment, to strike out "pupils" and insert
"clerks." That the House agree to the twenty-
eighth amendment of the Senate, as follows:
And tlie salaries of the consuls at Brindisi, Gibraltar, St.
Helena, Boulogne, Zuneh, Clifton, Coaticook, Erie, God-
ericli, Kingston in Canada, Port Sarnia, Preseott, Saint
Lambert, and Longueil, Toronto and Windsor, shall be
$1,500 cach; and thesaiaries of the consuls at Ceylon and
Puieus shall tie $1,000 each ; and tile salary of tlie consul
atChm Kiang shall be $3,000; and thesaiaryof the consul
at liankok shall be $2,000; and the salary of the commer-
cial agent at Madagascar shall be $2,000; and the salary
of the consul at Nassau shall be $4,000, to commence alter
the close of the present fiscal year, and to continue duiing
the present rebellion; and the salary of the consul at Ly-
ons shall be $2,000, to commence al'ler tile close of the
present fiscal year; and the salary of the consul at Man-'
Chester shall be $3,000, to commence after the close of the
piesent fiscal year.
That the Senate recede from its twenty-ninth
amendment after the enacting clause:
That the second section ofan act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th June, 1858,"
approved February 7, 1857, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
And agree to the following amendment in place
of it:
That tlie President bp, and lie hereby is, authorised, when-
ever he shall think the public good will be promoted there-
by, to appoint consular cleiks, not exceeding thirteen m
number at any one time, who shall be citizens of the Uni-
ted rilates, and over eighteen years of age at the time of
their appointment, and shall be entitled to compensation
for their services respectively at a rate not exceeding
$t,000 per annum, to be determined by the President ; and
to assign such clerks, from time to time, to such consul-
ates and with such duties as he shall direct; and before
! the appointment of any such clerk shall be made, it shail
be satisfactorily shown to the Secrelaiy of State, atterdue
examination and report by an examining board, that the
i applicant h qualified and fit for the duties to which he
j shall be assigned ; and such report shall be laid before the
| President. And no clerk so appointed shall be removed
i from office except for cause stated in writing, which shall
{ tie submitted to Congress at the session first following sucli
removal.
j That the Senate recede from its thirtieth amend-
] mem, which was:
! Thai the President may, in his discretion, hy and witll
! the advice and consent of "the Senate, appoint an envoy ex-
] traoidinaiy and minister pleuipotentiaiy to the kingdom of
! Belgium, who shall receive no higher compensation thaa
I is now allowed to a minister resident.
