1864.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
chief clerk, anil the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborer in his office, one hundred
and seven thousand one hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, forty-seven thou-
sand nine hundred andforty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, and laborers in his office, three hundred
and thirty-seven thousand three hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messengers, assistant mes-
sengers, and laborers in Ills office, two hundred
thousand one hundred andforty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, chicf
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant
messenger, and laborer in his office, one hundred
and ten thousand five hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
his office, forty-seven thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, and the clerks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, one hundred and eighty-two thousand
seven hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, Assistant Treasurer, cashier, assistant
cashier, chiefs of divisions, chief clerk, and the
officers, clerks, messengers, employes, assistant
messengers, and laborers in his office, one hun-
dred and seventy thousand three hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Registerof theTreas-
ury, Assistant Register, chief clerk, and the clerks,
messengers, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, ninety thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, chief elerk, and the clerks and messenger in
his office, eighteen thousand three hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in his office, twenty-eight thousand nine
hundred and ninety-three dollars and eighty-nine
cents.
For compensation of the chief clerk, cleiks,
messenger, and laborer of the Light-House Board,
nine thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Comptroller of the
Currency, Deputy Comptroller, clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer, forty-three thousand two hun-
dred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office offihe Secretary of the Treasury:
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships'
registers, translating foreign languages, advertis-
ing, and extra clerk hire for preparing and col-
lecting information to be laid before Congress,
and for miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of temporary clerks in the
Treasury Department: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized in his discretion, to classify the clerks
authorized according to the character of their ser-
vices, or assign to such of them as he shall see
fit any compensation not exceeding that of clerks
of the first class, one hundred thousand dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, stationery, public documents,
State and Territorial statutes, and miscellaneous
items, one thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, in-
cluding subscription to one city newspaper, to be
bound and preserved for the use of the office, one
thousand five-hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For stationery ami miscellaneous items, one
thousand three hundred dollars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For stationery, office furniture, and miscella-
neous items, including two of the city newspa-
pers, to be filed and preserved for the use of the
office, and for additional office furniture and sta-
tionery; fifteen thousand dollars.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For stationery, office furniture, carpeting, two
newspapers, preserving files and papers, bounty-
land service, and miscellaneous items, four thou-
sand dollars.
\In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For contingent expenses of the office, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For stationery, postage, and miscellaneous
expenses, in which are included two daily news-
papers, one thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Auditor of the Treasury
for the Post Office Department:
For furniture, carpeting, stationery, labor, light,
ice, and miscellaneous items, three thousand dol-
lars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For contingent expenses of the office, and to
meet increase of expenditures mainly consequent
upon the increase of business and the completion
of new rooms, five thousand dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For stationery,arrangingand binding canceled
marine papers, cases for official papers and rec-
ords, and miscellaneous it6ms, including office
furniture, six thousand dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For stationery, labor, and miscellaneous items,
and for statutes and reports, two thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For stationery, miscellaneous items, and office
furniture, one thousand dollars.
Light-House Board:
For stationery, miscellaneous expenses, and
postage, six hundred dollars.
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency:
For stationery, furniture, and miscellaneous
items, six thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building, including the Extension.
For compensation of twelve watchmen .and
eleven laborers of the Southeast Executive Build-
ing, thirteen thousand eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, light, labot, and miscellaneous items,
fifty-six thousand eight hundred and ten dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers in his office, forty-five thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, chief clerk, recorder,
draughtsman, assistant draughtsman, clerks, mes-
sengers, assistant messengers, packers, watch-
men, and laborers in his office, one hundred and
seventy-five thousand four hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of additional clerks in the
General Land Office, under the act of third March,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, granting
bounty land, and for laborers employed therein,
fifty-eight thousand four hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Interior, at his
discretion, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized
to use any portion of said appropriation for piece-
work, or by the day, week, month, or year, at
such rate or rates as he may deem just and fair,
not exceeding a salary of twelve hundred dollars
per annum.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger,
assistant messenger, watchmen, and laborer in his
office, thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, chief clerk, and the clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, watchman, and laborers in
his office, Uvo hundred and fifteen thousand three
hundred and forty dollars.
For additional clerks in the Pension Bureau,
during the remainder of the present fiscal year
and the fiscal year ending the thirtieth tidy ot
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, the sum
of twenty-one thousand dollars: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion,
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to use any
portion of said appropriation for piece-work, or
by the day, week, month, or year, at such rate or
rates as he may deem just and fair, not exceeding
a salary of twelve hundred dollars per annum.
For salary and traveling expenses of a special
agent, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings and the clerk and messenger in hist
office, four thousand two hundred dollars.
Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, furniture, fuel, lights,and other
contingencies, and for books and maps for the
library, seven thousand dollars.
For oasual repairs of the PatentOffice building,
three thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing con-
gressional journals and documents, in pursuance
of the provisions contained in the joint resolution
of Congress, approved twenty-eighth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and act fifth
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, six
thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights for the Patent Office build-
ing, fourteen thousand dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For stationery.and miscellaneousitems, includ-
ing two of the d§ily city newspapers, to be filed,
bound, and preserved for the use of the office,four
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, engraving and retouching plates
for bounty land warrants, and binding the same,
office furniture,and repairing thesame,and mis-
cellaneous items, including two city daily news-
papers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for the
use of the office, twelve thousand dtrllars.
Office of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings:
For stationery, plans, drawings, and other con-
tingent expenses of his office, five hundred dol-
lars. ,
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the, surveyor general of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
seven thousand six hundred and twenty-one dol-
lars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, eight thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Californiaand Nevada, and the clerks in his office,
fifteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of ihe surveyor general of
New Mexico, and the clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For compensation of translator in the office of
the surveyor general of New Mexico, five hun-
dred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his office,
ten thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eight thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of the
Territories of Colorado and Utah, and the clerks
in his office, seven thousand dollars.
For compensation of the survey or general of the
Territory of Dakota, and the cleiks m his office,
six thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of the
Territory of Arizona, and the clerks in hia office,
seven thousand dollars.
Forcompensation of the surveyor general of the
Territory of Idaho, and the clerks in his office, six
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of recorder of land titles in
Missouri, five hundred dollars.
For compensation of clerks in the offices of the
surveyors general, to be apportioned to them ac-
cording to the exigencies of the public service,and
