1864.
THE OQNGRESSlOffA-L GLOBff.-
result will acci ue. I believe that the Congress of
the United States are penetrated with a proper
•sense of justice to the soldiei; that this session
will not be passed over until the demand of that
justice is fully complied with. The Senator from
Indiana, allow me to say, is taking upon himself
a great deal when he says that this session of
Congress will adjourn without having accom-
plished that measure of justice. It seems to me
that if he piesses his measure at this time he is in-
creasing1 the difficulties; he is imperiling the very
object which he desires and which I desire to ac-
complish; for unless Senators are much better
instructed on this matter than lam as to the result
of this measure, they will be voting in the dark.
If I understand the matter correctly, to increase
the compensation of a soldier or non-commis-
sioned officer, as it ought to be adjusted, equit-
ably and equally, is a matter of no little difficulty.
It is a matter that ought to go to a committee,
that must necessarily be considered by a com-
mittee; all the facts in the case must be before the
eommittee, and taken into consideration. I un-
derstand that the committee in the other House
have had great difficulties on that matter. They
have,no doubt, had the facts spread before them,
and taken time to consider them; and yet it seems
that much delay has accrued in consequence of
the intrinsic difficulties of the case. Shall we,
upon the spur of the moment, in darkness and m
doubt, without any knowledge of the facts that
bear upon the case, be required to vote in a mat-
ter of such great importance as this, involving
not only equal justice to the soldier himself but
involving millions of dollars to the Government?
Shall we, upon the spur of the moment, be re-
quired to pass upon the amendmentof the Senator
from Indiana? I respectfully sug^esttohim,would
it not be better, under all these circumstances, and
in this condition of the case, to allow these commit-
tees who have charge of this subject specially,and
who, I have no doubt, are as deeply penetrated
with a sense of justice and equity to the soldier
as he is and I am, to take proper time to consider
it, so that a measure may be matured doing equal
justice to the private and the non-commissioned
officer, and taking into due consideiation the
financial interests of the Government?
J cannot vote for the proposition in its present
condition. It seems to me that every principle
of propriety and expediency, of right and justice
to the soldier and of justice to the Government,
demands at least more consideration to a measure
of this importance than can be given to it upon an
incidental amendment to a bill to which it is per-
haps barely germane.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose we are ready to
vote on this question. (
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. POMEROY. Fifty per ccnt. on thirteen
dolidis a month is an improvement over the prop-
osition that the gentleman from Indiana and his
friends proposed in caucus. I notice that if gold
is worth 170,$10U in currency is worth fifty-eight
dollars and a fraction over in gold; and thirteen
dollars in gold is worth twenty-two dollais and a
fraction over in currency. Fifty per cent, added
to thirteen dollars is $i9 50. I only wished to
suggest that thisisammprovement on the caucus
arrangement.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I rise simply
to say that I shall not vote on this question with
reference to any partisan arrangement, and Ihope
rio other Senator will do so. 1 think it rather a
poor business to be talking about partisanship on
a question so important to the country as this.
Theie are tho&e in the country who believe
that the pay of the soldier should be raised; some
think one sum, some another. The Committee
on Military Affairs fixed on sixteen dollars a
month, with a propoitionate increase for the non-
commissioned officets. That bill catne back to
the Senate, but it has not yet been called up.
The inanctai condition of the country required
our consideration. It is an important question.
The committee in the House of Representatives
have a similar measuie before them. I am told
that it is their intention to report a bill, but they
intend 'hut that I.ill shall follow the internal rev-
enue bill and the tanlf bill. After we have pro-
vided the means to carry on the Government and
increase the resouices of the Government, then
they propose to bring a measure forward to in-
crease the pay of the soldiers.
I have not called up the bill reported by the
Military Committee of the Senate, because I be-
lieved itwould nothavea fairconsideration in the
present condition of the finances of the country,
ant) I thought those who consider that there ought
to be some increase, and I am among that num-
ber, had better wait until we can act upon the great
financial questions that are to furnish means to
carry on the Government of the country, before
pressing the measure ton vote. Therefore I moved
to lay this matter on the table-to wait for that
measure.
Several Senators. You cannot do that.
Mr. WILSON. I say 1 did move that the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
should lie on the table for the purpose of waiting
to see the action of Congresson these other meas-
ures, and see what sort of a bill the Committee on
Military Affairs of the House of Representatives
would biing up.
Mr. CARLILE. The principal reason as-
signed fov the rejection of the proposition -sub-
mitted by the Senator from Indiana at this time
seems to be that it will increase the pay of the
non-commissioned officers who are now receiving
some twenty dollars permonth. I suggest, there-
fore, to the Senator from Indiana that he accept
this proviso, to come in at the end of his amend-
ment:
Provided, That the pay of the non-commissioned officers}
shall not exceed twenty-two dollars per month.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The modification cannot be accepted
by the mover. The yeas and nays having been
ordered on the amendment, it is beyond ins con-
trol.
Mr. CARLILE. I understood the Senator from
Iowa to say that the highest monthly pay of any
non-commissioned officer now was twenty-two
dollars. The amountof increase, estimating the
number of privates in the Army at five hundred
thousand, would be but $3,500,000, less than two
days* ordinary expenditures of the Government;
antl I think as we have to rely principally upon
the Army for the suppression of this rebellion,
and all admit that there is no more important
branch of the public service, there is none where
at least common justice might be exercised with
more profit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose there is no
objection to my accepting the modification pro-
posed by the Senator from Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modifi-
cation can be received by unanimous consent. Is
there any objection? The Chair hears none.
The amendment will be so modified, and the ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. GRIMES. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Virginia that with his modification all
the non-commissioned officers now will draw not
less than twenty-two dollars. It will brin^ them
ail up to an equivalent, orderly sergeants, first
sergeants, second sergeants, corporals, &c.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not think the proviso
is susceptible of the objection made by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. The original proposition is to
increase thepay of non-commissioned officers and
privates fifty per cent. Where that increase
would make the amount leceived by a non-com-
missioned officer greater than twenty-two dollars
a month, he does not receive it under the proviso,
as I understand it.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Van Winkle] has been called away
on urgent business this evening.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. fiuckalew, Oariile, Davis, Oeudilcks,
Lane offniluna, and Powell—5.
NAY?— tMcssrs. Anthony, Brown,Chandler, Clark, Ool-
lamer, Conner, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Fe&seiuten, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Hend«r>on, Ilovv.ud. Howe,
MoDougal], Morgan, Morrill, I'omeroy, Riun&ey, Sherman.
Ten Ejck, Trumbull, Wilkni-on, WiHey, and
Wilson—3D.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments weie concurred in. The
amendments were oidered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. It was lead the third
time; and on the question, " Shall it puss?"
Mr, POWELL called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; a>nd !?eing taken,
yeas 3$, nay 1; as follows:v ' 2 * :
YI2AS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buekajew, Carllle,
Chandiei. Clark,Oollamer, Couneys, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Dooliuie, Pes^endf a,Foot, Foster. Grimes, Hal#, Harding,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, llovve^ Lane or
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Pomerby,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wil-
kinson, Willev, and Wilson—36. ' '
NAY—Mr. PoweU—I.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. FkSSENOESf, the tjth?of
the bill was amended by adding the words an,d
for other purposes."
USX OF ABSENTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 offer the following1 res-
olution, and I hope there will be no objection to
it. To-day's experience has proved the necessity
for it:
Revolved, That the reporter be directed, in making up
the proceedings of the Senate, to report,* fn a separbte list,
the names of absentees, on feacb call of the yeas and nays.
I should like to have-it acted on at the present
time.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection bein^
made, the resolution must lie over under the rdle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I give notice that 1 shall
call it up at an eatly day.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Monday ne*4.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown. Buekalew, Cartiie, Chandler,
Conner, Cowan, Davis, Doohttle, Grimes, Weydersdn,
Howard, Howe, MoDougall, Morrill, Pomeioy,
Ramsey, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilkinson, Willey, and'iVtt-
son—Sbi.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Clark, Collamer, Dixonv Fea-
senden. Foot. Fooler, Hale, Harding, Lane of Indiana,
Lane ol'Kans-as Morgan, Sherman, and Ten Byck—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
OltDKH OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the bill to
prevent military interference with elections ip the
States. J ask that it be taken up for the purpose
of laying it over till Monday. The Senatoi- from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] has the fl^or oh it,and
I desire vety much to have a vote on that bill,'
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate'will not
take up that bill, for there is a measure of prac-
tical importance on which it is necessary that the
Senate should act at once, a bill that has been re-
potted duiing this last week, and every day's
delay is costing more money than t am able to
name, besides causing much inconvenience. It
is the bill to establish a Bureau of Freedmen, a
practical measure, and with which I hope the Sen-
ate will bo ready to proceed on Monday. 1 there-
fore ask that it shall be taken up to-night, so that
when we adjourn or go into executive session it
may be the pending business. I hope, therefore,
the Senate will not take up the measure of the
Senator from Kentucky, but will take up this
measuie which I have stated.
Mr. MORRILL. In regard to the assignment
of the bill on which the Senator from Kentucky
announces that the Senator from Maryland desire's
to be heard, 1 wish to say that the Senator from
Maryland has been calhd to New York on im-
portant business and will not be back on that day;
and therefore it is not proper that the assignment
should be made for that day.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Maryland
should not be here, it can be postponed again.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that t,he Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 move an adjournment.
Mr. GRIMES. Does not my motion take pre-
cedence?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn takes piecedence.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Doolittlk] says there is important
executive business, and therefore I withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re*
openedt and the Senate adjourned.
