186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25y
Laws of the United States.
38tii Cong. ... 1 st Sess.
to be employed in transcribing field-notes of sur-
veyors, for the purpose of preserving them at the
seat of Government, ten thousand dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, inctuding pay of messenger, five hundred
dollars.
. For rent of surveyor genferal's office in Cali-
fornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger, six
thousand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyorgeneral of Wash-
ingtonTerritory, fuel,books, stationery,and other
incidental expenses, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental expenses,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
_ For rent of surveyor general's office in the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, five hundred dollars.
Forrentof surveyorgeneral's office in the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, three thousand dollars.
Forrentof surveyor general's office in the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, fuel, books, stationery,and other
incidental expenses, three thousand dollars.
Expenses of Courts of the United Slates.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United States,
including tliu District ofColumbia; also, for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the
fiscal year endingjune thirtieth,eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, and previous years; and likewise
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions
for offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safe-keeping' of prisoners, five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of War,
Assistant Secretaries of War, Solicitor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messengers, assistant mes-
sengers, and laborer in his office, sixty-six thou-
sand three hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the cleiksand messengers
in the office df the Adjutant General, two hundred
and twenty-three thousand nine hundred and
twenty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, and laborers, in the office
of the &uat termaster General, three hundred and
ninety thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messen-
gers in the office of the Paymaster General, two
hundred and fifty-five thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborers in the office of the Commissary General,
eighty-five thousand six hundred and forty dol-
lars.
i* or compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer m the office of the Surgeon General, forty-
throe thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messengers,
and laborer in the office of the Chief Engineer,
twenty-eight thousand eight hundred and eighty
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messen-
ger in (ho office of the Colonel of Ordnance, one
hundred mid seventy-two thousand and fortv
dollars. 1
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
Forstationery, labor, books, maps, extra clerk
hire, and miscellaneous items, twenty thousand
dollars. '
^ Office of the Adjutant General:
I1 or stationery and miscellaneous items, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For stationery and miscellaneous itams, six
thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
.For stationery, rentof office and hire of watch-
men, and miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand
dollars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, includ-
ing rent of office, ten thousand dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Ordnance:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general purposes of the JV*rrthwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of superintendent,four watch-
men, and two laborers of the Northwest Execu-
tive Building, three thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars.
For labor, fuel, light, and miscellaneous items,
twenty thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner of F
and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent,four watch-
men, and two laborers for said building, three thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items, six thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the Building corner of F
and Fifteenth streets.
For superintendent, watch men, rent, fuel, lights,
and miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborers in his office, forty-seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Navy-Yards and Docks, and the civil en-
gineer, chief clerk, clerks, messenger, and labor-
ers in his office, nineteen thousand two hundred
and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Equipment and Recruiting, chief clerk, and
the cleiks, messenger, and laborer in his office,
ten thousand seven hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, chief clerk, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, nine thousand
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Old nance, and the assistant, chief clerk, clerks,
draughtsman, messenger, and laborers in his of-
fice, seventeen thousand two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, chief clerk, and tha
clerks, draughtsman, messenger, and laborer in
his office, sixteen thousand three hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
of Steam Engineering, chief clerk, and the clerks,
draughtsmen, messenger, and laborer in his office,
ten thousand seven hundred and forty dollars.
Fo r compensation of the chief of tKe Bureau
of Provisions and Clothing, chief clerk, and the
clerks, messenger, and laborer, eighteen thousand
seven hundred mid forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau
ofMedicme and Surgery,assistant, and the clerks,
messenger, and laborer in his office, ten thousand
five hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For stationery, labor, newspapers, periodicals,
and miscellaneous items, three thousand four hun-
dred and foity dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, plans, diawings,and incidental
labor, eight hundied dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, five
huiidred dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For siationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance;
For siationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand doll.us.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineeringf
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For stationery and miscellaneous items, four
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of five watchmen and two
laborers of the Southwest Executive Building,
three thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
five thousand dollars.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, chief clerk,
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messengers,
watchmen, and laborers of said Department, one
hundred and fifty-eight thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For compensation of twenty-five additional
clerks, twenty thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Post Office Department.
For stationery, fuel for the General Post Office
building, including fuel for the Auditor's office,
oil, gas, and candles, printing, repair of the Gen-
eral PostOfficc building, officefurniture,glazing,
painting, whitewashing, and for keeping the fire-
places and furnaces in order; for engineer, (for
steam engine,) laborers, watchmen, repairs of
furniture, and for miscellaneous items, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OP AGRICULTURE.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Ag-
riculture, chief clerk, one clerk of the fourth class,
four clerks of the third class, four clerks of the
second class, six clerks of the first class, an en-
tomologist at an annual salary of two thousand
dollars,achemistat an annual salary of two thou-
sand dollars, an assistant chemist at an annual
salary offourteen hundred dollars, a draughtsman
at an annual salary of fourteen hundred dollars,
a translator at an aunual salary of twelve hun-
dred dollars, two messengers atan annual salary
of six hundred dollars each, and two laborers at
an annual salary of four hundred dollars each,
thirty-eight thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: For stationery, wood,
coal, gas, and miscellaneous items, three thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For collecting agricultural st^'istics and inform-
ation for reports, twenty thousand dollars.
For furniture, viz: Carpets, desks, and stoves,
eight hundred dollars.
For the purchase of a library and laboratory,
four thousand dollars.
For purchase and distribution of new aiid val-
uable seeds, and for labor in putting up seeds,
seed-bags, and bagging, fifty-four thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of superintendent of seed-
room, at ail annual compensation of sixteen hun-
dred dollars, and for two clerks of the first class,
four thousand dollars.
For contingencies of seed-room, viz: coal, gum,
packing-paper, and miscellaneous items, three
thousand dollars.
For propagating garden, for propagation and
distribution of valuable plants, cuttings, and
shrubs, viz: For labor, for repair of old propa-
gating house, new propagating house, rebuilding
shop, and for purchase of trees, cuttings, vinos",
and bulbs, ten thousand eight hundred dollars:
Provided, That such trees, cuttings, vines, and
bulbs so purchased, or which shall be propagated,
shall be such as are adapted to general cultiva-
tion and to pioiuotc the general interest of hniti-
culture and agriculture throughout the Untied
States.
For experiment;!? gulden on leservation num-
ber two, viz: For salary of fon-man and laborcis,
tlnce thousand dollars; for l.ecp of a hor^e and
