768
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
Ho«se,as it will stand, with the amendments anil
modifications agreed to by the committee of con-
ference:
Sec. 36. Jind be it fur thai enacted, That all able-bodied
mule colored peiaons. between the age? of twenty and forty-
five years. whether citizens or not, 1 evident lii the United
States, shall be emolfed according to lite provisions of this
act, and of the act to which this is an amendment, and
form part of tne national forces; and when a slave of a
Joyal master shall he drafted and mustered into the service
of the United Slates, his master shall have, a cemlieate
thqreof; and thereupon such siavo phall be free; and the
bounty of $100 now payable by law for each drafted man
shall be paid to the "person to whom such diafted peisoji
was owing service or labot at the time of his muster into
the service of the United State*. The Secretary of War
shall appoint a commission in each ofllic slave States rep-
resented in Congress, charged to award to each lojal per-
son to whom a coloicd vohmtcer may owe scivicc a ju>t
compensation, not exceeding .$'300. lor each such colored
volunteer, payable out of the fund denvcd from coimnuta-
tlon j and evojy such colored vuluuteei on being mustered
into the seiviee shall be fiee. And in all eases when; men
of color have been heretofore enlisted or have volunteeied
in the military service of the United States, all the pro-
visions of this act, so far as the payment of bounty and
compensation are provided, shall be equally applicable us
to those who maybe hereafter recruited. But men of color
drafted oi enlisted, oi who may volunteer into the military
service, while they shall be credited on the quotas of the
several States or subdivisions ot States wherein they are
respectively drafted, enlisted, or shall volunteer, shall not
be assigned as State troop.--, but shall bo mu3teied into regi-
ments or companies as United States colored troops.
The object of the latter provision, which has
been added to the section, was this: to leave the
- colored man to he credited to the several States,
townships, &c.; but when mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States they should remain and
he ranked among the United States colored troops,
so ns to have the benefit of being commanded by
officers whose efficiency and capacity had been
tested by a thorough examination, as is now done
by t.he board appointed for that purpose.
I have explained, as nearly as 1 can, the two
points of difference.
Mr. DEMING. There was another point
which the gentleman lias neglected to mention.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thank the gentleman for
recalling it to my mind. The managers on the
part of the Senate would not agree to the repeal
of the nineteenth and twentieth sections of the
existing law, which authorizes, at the discretion
of the President, the consolidation of regiments.
The repealing law stands as in the original sub-
stitute as proposed by the Committor on Military
Affairs of this House. These constitute the dif-
ferences, not between the Senate and the House
bills, but between the House bill as it was when
it left this House, and the act of Congress as it
will be if the House agree to the report of the
committee of conference.
Hoping ilmt I have made the points clear, I
.demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question, in order
that 1 may say a few words.
Mr. SCllENClt. 1 would gladly yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, he knows, more
gladly than to any othergentleman in the House;
but I believe the necessity for the speedy passage
of this bill 13 such as to compel me to insist on
my demand for the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON called for tellers upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Steej.e of
New Jetsey and Kellogg of New York were
appointed,
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 57.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays upon
agreeing to the report.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—-yeas 71, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS-— Mcfsrs. Alley, Allison, Andmsnn, Arnold. John
J). Baldwin, B<utei, Bcaman, Fianeis P. Blair, Blow,
BouuveH, Brandegeo, Broornall, Ambrose IV. Clark, Cobb,
C'o|(>, Henty Winter Davis, Dawu-J, Ocmincr, Dixon, Du-
niout, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Fiauk, Gooch,
Griimell, Hale, Iligby, Hooper, Amabel YV. Ilubbard,
Jenckes, Julian, Kat- on, Kcllev, Orlando Kellogg, Loan,
Lorigyear, Marvin, McBiide, McClnrg, Samuel F. Millet,
Momhead, Amos Myorx, Leonard Mjcis, Odell, Chailes
O'iVeill, Orth, Patu r.-on, peiham, Pike, Pomeiov, Price,
William 11. Randall, Alexander li. Rice, John fl. Riec,
Ethvard H. Rollins, jHcheuck, ScofieUl, Shannon. Smiih-
ers, Spalding, St.ur, Stebbins, Upson, Van Valketiburgh,
Elihu B. VVa.shburuc, Williams. Wilder, Wilson, and
Wmdom—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Augustus C. Baldwin, Biooks, ChaiUer,
Cox, Dawson, Edgeitan, EJdvUtae, Benjamin G. flams,
l,o. Blond, Long, McDowell, McKinney, James It. Morris,
Morrison, Nobl-*. John O'iVeiil, Pendleton, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, James S. Rollins-, Ro&s, Waid, Chilton A. White, and,
Joseph W. White—23. a"
So the report of the committee of conference
svas agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, said: Mr. Kernajj
and myself made an anangementto pair off after
to-day for a day or two. Mr. kernan has left
town,and 1 prefer not to votennlessavoteshould
become necessary to make a quorum, for fear of
some misunderstanding between him and myself
as to time.
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Washburn, left the House on account of indis-
position.
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Sloan was detained
from the House by the indisposition of a member
of his family.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded .
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sale of gold again.
Mr. STEBBfNS. I have been lequested by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move that
the bill in relation to the sale of gold by the Treas-
urer be recommitted to the committee, with in-
structions to report it back on the morning of
Tuesday next. I ask unanimous consent to make
that motion.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at half
past five o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 23, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
election of president "pro tempore.
The Chief Clerk, (William IIickey, Esq.)
The following letter has been received from the
Vice President:
WAsruxcmw, Fehuatxj 22, 1861.
£iu: I shall be absent Irom the city to-moriow. You
will eouimumc.uc mionnuiion of this to the Senate at its
session in the monunc, and obhg'1, yours, vimv ttuly,
II. HAMLIN.
Colonel Jno. W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON". 1 movethatMr. FooT,ofVer-
mont, lake the chair as President pro tempore.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved that Mr. Foot,
of Vermont, be appointed President pro tempore of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Foot took
the chair and called the Senate to order.
The Journal of Friday last was then read and
approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had concuned in
the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing voles of the two Houses on the bill
(S, .No. 36) to amend an act entitled "An act for
enrolling and calling out ihe national forces, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 18(53.
exkcctivk communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the I
Senate a report of the Assistant Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a statement
of expenditures from the appropriations for con-
tingencies of that Department, its offices and bu*
reams, during the fiscal years ending June 30,1802,
and June 30, 1863; which was ordered to he on
the table, and be piintedt
petitions and memorials.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of nu-
merous men and women of West Liberty and
vicinity, in the State of Iowa, who represent that
they believe slavery is the great cause of the pres-
ent rebellion, that it is an institution fatal to the
life of the Republic, and they ask Congress to take
measures to amend the Constitution so us to for-
ever prohibit its existence within the jurisdiction
of this Government. I move that it be referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of Car-
lisle Doble, prayingcomnensation forserviccs ren-
dered and expenses incurred in currying the mail
on route No. 14006, between Taylor's Pails,
Minnesota, and Superior, Wisconsin; which vfr.'is
referred to the Committee on Post Officosand Post
Roads.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
Chamberof Commerce of theState of New York,
praying for legislation on the part of Congress
to foster and support ocean steam navigation;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of H. S.
Parkhurst, of the thirty-ninth regiment Illinois
volunteers, and other soldiers in the service of
the United States, praying for a bounty of $100;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition from citi-
zens of New York, praying Congress to pass
such laws as will put the soldiers of our Army
on the same footing as to pay, bounties, and pen-
sion,without regard to difference of complexion;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition from women of
Ohio, setting foith that they sympathize deeply
with those persons who have been Treed fiom
slavery by the present war, many of whom are
in most destitute circumstances, and praying Con-
gress to do something to ameliorate their condi-
tion; which was referred to the select committee
on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
Job B. Stockton, ofFort Smith, m Arkansas. He
sets forth that he is a citizen of the United States,
and that he was one of the first if not the very
first person commissioned as an officer in the vol-
unteer service on the breaking out of the rebel-
lion, and that he has remained in that service over
two years. He says it is "an established fact,
demonstrated every day in the Ameiican armies
by actual practice, that the American citizen of
African descent is the very best material of which
to make a complete and perfect soldier; and as his
loyalty is beyond question, and his allegiance to
the United States cannot be tainted by tamper-
ing, " he " therefore prays Congress to pass a law
establishing the regular standing Army at the close
of this rebellion at two hundred thousand men, to
be composed entirely of colored men, and to be
officered by white men." This is a petition from
Arkansas. I ask its reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
It was so refeired.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer another petition
from persons who represent that they volunteered
and enlisted in the service of the United States for
the term of nine months in the autumn of 1862,
and that they performed the service faithfully,
and at the time of their enlistment believed that
they were to receive a bounty of twenty-five dol-
lars, and that they have never received it, and
they ask Congress to enable them to receive it.
1 move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer also another petition
calling upon Congress to propose an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States prohibit-
ing slavery or involuntary servitude anywhere in
the United States. This petition is signed first
by Josiah Q,uincy, the oldest surviving member of
Congress and one of our moet eminent citizens,
next by John A. Andrew, Governor of Massa-
chusetts, and afterwards by the members of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives of
Massachusetts, and by other eminent citizens.
As that subject is already before the Senate, 1
move that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. RIDDLE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of the repre-
sentatives of Hugh Montgomeiy, piaynig lor remuneration
for Ins losses and sacrifices and compensation for his ser-
vices dm mg the ievolutionary war, on the liles of the Sen-
ate, be refeired to the Committee on Revolutionaty Claims.
reports from committees.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom were referred the following
petitions and memorials, asked to be discharged
