18'64.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hundred and seventy-five the words, " without
further tax or license." The language is a little
ambiguous, and it will be seen that it would pre-
vent the States from imposing taxes for the same
purpose, which we do not want to do.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to strike out the whole clause, as fol-
lows:
And such license in any Sfctte shall authorise the fur-
nishing or sale of such articles to travelers or sojourners as
any license granted for such business by said State shall
authorize, without further tax or license, and the same pro-
vision shall apply to eating-houses.
Mr. THAYER. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that lie move to insert in lieu of the
words which he proposes to strike out the fol-
lowing:
Provided, Tlwt nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to exempt the keepers of hotels, taverns, and eating-
houses in which liquors are sold by retail to be drank upon
the premises from taking out a license for such sale, for
which license they shall pay a tax of twenty-five dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed that my motion
to strike out would accomplish the same purpose.
I see, however, that the modification suggested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania would ac-
complish it more effectually, and therefore I ac-
cepts.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the House will under-
stand the effect of the amendment I have pro-
posed. I think it an important one. The sec-
tion as it stands proposes to alter that feature of
the old law which required a tavern-keeper to take
out a liquor license if he wanted to sell liquors.
The section, as it stands, imposesa tax on tav-
ern-keepers and on the keepers of hotels. A sub-
sequent section imposes a tax on the keepers of
eating-houses. But the tax on eating-houses is
only ten dollars. I think it would be better to
retain the feature of the old bill which requires all
hotel-keepers, tavern-keepers, and eating-house
keepers, who retail spirits, to takeout,in addition
to the license required for their business, a special
license to enable them to sell liquors. I do not
think that we should lose the large revenue to be
derived from these licenses to retail liquors. I
know of 110 reason why we should submit to this
reduction of the revenue, or why the old law in
that respectshould be changed, it is a tax which,
1 believe, the community generally would be very
well pleased with. It is one that is not unjust in
itself, and it will produce a large amount of rev-
enue.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the old law
is not changed. It never meant that a tavern-
keeper should take outtwo licenses. I know that
it was construed at the Department that it did.
Mr. THAYER. I ask whether, under the con-
struction given to the former law, it is not the
uniform custom of collectors to require tavern-
keepers and hotel-keepers to take out special
liquor licenses?
Mr. STEVENS. I know it was so held; but
in my part of the country I gave the opinion, and
the first lawyers there concurred in it, thatit was
a false construction; and the tavern-keepers did
not take out this license. At the second session
of that Congress the House expressly construed
that law so as to say that it required for a tavern
but a single license, in the committee of confer-
ence we thought we had made it plain. The
chairman of the Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate said thnt it was so plain lhat nobody could
misunderstand it. And yet the Department con-
tinued to misunderstand it. We now merely do
in this bill what Congress intended to do at the
start; that is, we have put a heavy license on
tavern-keepers. But when we license them as
tavern-keepers we authorize them to do all that
a tavern-keeper, in that name, is allowed to do in
the State. Anything that a State license author-
izes a tavern-keeper to do we authorize him to do,
and nothing more. It was a great bone of con-
tention in our State, and a very great grievance.
A man keeping a small tavern was required to
take out two licenses. Theydid notdo so. There
is now one suit pending to determine the question,
and I have no doubt what the decision of the court
will be. ltnever was the law thata man to keep
a tavern should takeout three or four licenses:
one for keeping a tavern, another for selling
liquors, another for selling cigars, and so on. ft
was an absurdity at thefirst. We hoped we had
made it so plain now that nobody could misun-
derstand it. We have increased the license on
taverns to an enormous extent; Thfc small tav-
erns that sell nothing but liquor, that never ac-
commodate a traveler, unless he be some'poor
Irish or German immigrant who is content to
sleep on the floor, pays ten dollars for a license;
and it goes on increasing, according to ttj« rental,
till a house ir> Philadelphia will have to pay $3,000
for a license, and tavern-keepers in the country
will have to pay in the same proportion. A rep- ,
utable tavern will seldom fall short of $1,000 ii- ;
cense. And yet it seems there is some chronic ;
spite against liquor that induces men to ,rrun a
muck" against it every time they find an oppor-
tunity. I hope that the amendment of my col-
league will not be agreed to.
Mr. FRANK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding fifty cents to the license. This
question of licenses of hotels, inns, and taverns,
has been before Congress several times, and has
caused much misunderstanding and difference of
opinion.
The amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thater] will make the law so
clear and plain that every person, here and else-
where, will now understand it distinctly, and
there will he no cause for further decisions on the
part of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or
necessity of appealing to courts.
Under this section, as reported by the commit-
tee, a hotel or tavern pays but ten dollars where
the rental is a less sum than two hundred dollars.
It is now proposed that parties should pay an ad-
ditional sum of twenty-five dollars as license for
selling spirituous liquors. They can well afford
to pay that amount, working no injustice to any
one, as we all know that the profit arising from
such business is always large, and in many cases
the sum of twenty-five dollars will be merely
nothing for such dealers to pay.
Besides, sir, this is an important item of reve-
nue to the Government, and if I am correctly in-
formed the Internal Revenue department has re-
ceived nearly or quite one million dollars from
retail dealers in liquors under the decision of the
Commissioner.
Mr. STEVENS. Not all from taverns. That
item includes all who sell liquor at retail.
Mr. FRANK. Thatistrue; but a large amount
comes from that source. I concur fully with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that we should now understand this question, and
I think we do understand it by this time. Let
us pass the amendment as offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayf.b,] and
there will be no further trouble.
The amendment the amendment was with- t
drawn. j)
Mr. THAYER. I renew the amendment of jj
the gentleman from New York simply for the j!
purpose of saying a word or two in reply to my |!
colleague, [Mr. Stevens.] it seems to me that '
if ambiguily has existed in the provision of the
law, as it now stands, it certainly was not the
fault of Congress. Whatever views my colleague
may have entertained upon that subject, I am
very certain that the uniform opinion in regard
to it, not only of the officers of Government, hut
among the people generally, was'expressed in
the construction which 1 have already said be-
longed to it. And that construction was enforced,
and the money was collected on the strength of it
and paid into the Treasuiy. I know that in my
own district near four thousand dollars was col-
lected, which went into the general Treasury of
the Government on this description of tavern
licenses.
Now, sir, my colleague remarked that the law !
did not mean that tavern-keepers should pay these
extra licenses. I say to him that the language of
that law, as it was passed, gave an impression to
the people that these licenses were to be exacted,
and they acquiesced in that construction of the
law. I say that the officials of the Government
put that construction upon it—that they collected
the tax upon that construction,and nobody com-
plained of it. j!
i have the right, therefore, to say that this new '•
proposition refused by the Committee of Ways jj
and Means makes a substantial change in the ii
law, as it was understood by the people, and as !'
it was understood by every funclionary who ex-
ecuted its provisions. /
But, sir, if the language of the law did not ;j
warrant the construction which was given to it, ii
I am in favor of making the'present law so pliun
that there can hereafter be no doubt in regard to
it. I believe that it is ju&t, that it is expedient
and potitic for tavern-keepers, keepers of eating-
houses, and that description of peopW,'to be re-
quired to pay a special license for the privilege of
retailing liquor, add that that license shot/hi be
j independent of the general license for carrying
1 on business. I believe, as I say, that tavern-
keepers otight to be heavily taxed by this bill,
more heavily than is provided for in the secitiofi
as reported by the Committee of Ways arUl
Means.
I admit that a heavy tax is imposed upon the
large hotel keepers; but, sir, that class of tavern-
keepers who are the least benefit to the commu-
nity—I mean the people who, under the gaise Qf
keeping taverns, keep nothing but groggeries,
nurseries of vice and crime—ought not to be al-
lowed to escape by paying the mere paltry tax of
ten dollars which is assessed by this bill in the
shape of a license. I am opposed to any hill
which will let that sort of people off with such a
paltry tax as that. Every man who wants to
sell liquor under this bill has only to take out a
license for an eating-house, for which he will have
to pay ten dollars, and then he may sell thou-
sands of dollars'worth of liquors.
Mr. STEVENS. Eating-houses are not au-
thorized to sell ardent spirits.
Mr. THAYER. The present bill contemplates
that thing. It is said that the same provision
shall apply to eating-houses. They will only
have to pay a tax of ten dollars for keeping eat-
ing-houses. Now, if the House is willing to
license that class of people to do this business at
this paltry sum it can do so, but not with my vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to add fifty cents.
I think it due to myself that 1 should make a re-
ply to the observations of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Stevens.]
I will call the attention of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion to the provisions
of the law. I believe that the construction of the
Department was consistent with the law and the
interests of the country; and if I did not know
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was re-
sponsible for the provision concerning hotels in
the original act and the amendment of March 3,
1863, and I understand that he is also the author
of the provision now pending, I should come to
the conclusion that it was the intenlion of the
last Congress that the interpretation of the De-
partment should be the law of the land. I call
the attention of the committee to the sixty-first
section of the revenue act:
tl Sue. 61. dmdlrU further enacted. That in cv^ry ense
where more than one of the pursuits, employments, or oc-
cupations hereinafter described shall be pursued or ear
ned on in the same place by the same person at the same
lime, except ass therein mentioned, license must be taken
out for each according to the rates severally presciibed."
Hotel-keepers in the Slate of Pennsylvania,
and especially in the district represented by the
gentleman the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, do both kinds of business at
tlie same time and m the same place, and they
were required to pay license as provided in the
sixty-first section. I submit that the right to sell
liquor is not comprehended under the definition
of hotel in the revenue act; and although the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
says that it could never be presumed that it did
not authorize the sale of liquor, I submit that
the language of the existing law and the pending
bill warrant the construction adopted by the De-
partment. The definition of a hotel is this:
" F.very place where food and lodging are provided for
and furnihhed to travelers and sojourners, in view of pay-
ment therefor, shall be regarded as a hotel, mil, or tavern
under this act."
The great offense of the Department was that
they could not comprehend that liquors were
either food or lodging. [Laughter.] inasmuch
as liquors were not food or lodging, the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue decided that the
hotel-keeper who sold liquor Should pay a license
as a liquor dealer.
