1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... 1st
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
Forfulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes:
Blackfoot Indians.
For ninth of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in the purchase of such goods, provis-
ions, and other useful articles as the President,
at his discretion, may from time to time determ-
ine, per ninth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
For ninth of ten installments as annuity, to be
expended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in ed-
ucating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians.
For tenth of fifteen installments of annuity, to
be expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for pay of
physician, medicines, and expense of care of the
sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippeioas qf Lake Superiof.
For two thirds of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, eight thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
For two thirds of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dol-
lars.
For two thirds of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For tenth of twenty installments in coin, goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils, agri-
cultural implements and cattle, carpenters' and
other tools and building materials, and for moral
and educational purposes, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nineteen thousand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for six smiths
and assistants, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, five thousand and forty dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the support
of six smiths'shops, per second and fifth articles
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and twenty
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments for the sev-
enth smith and assistant, and support of shop, per
second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop for
the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Forte
band, during the pleasure of the President, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippeioas qf the Mississippi.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, four hundred dollars.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and "eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two,and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for the support of two smiths'shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-third of twenty-five
installments for pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For tenth of twenty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippeioas of the Mississippi, and the Pillager and
Lake Winnebagoshish Bands of Chippewa Indians
in Minnesota.
For settlement of the claims for depreciations
committed by said Indians in eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
For clearing and breaking-in reservation and
for building houses for the chiefs, three thousand
six hundred dollars.
For first of ten installments for furnishing said
Indians with ten yoke of work-oxen, agricultural
implements, and miscellaneous items, one thou-
sand dollars.
For expenses incurred by the Legislature of
the State of Minnesota in sending commissioners
to visit the, Chippewa Indians, in the year eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, one thousand threa
hundred and thirty-eight dollars and seventy-fire
cents.
For the employment of a sawyer, at the dis-
cretion of the President, and to remove the saw
(nill from Gull Lake reservation .to the new res-
ervation set apart, and to extend the road between
Gull Lake and Leach Lake to the junction of the
Mississippi and Leach Lake rivers, and to remove
the agency to sail) junction, or as near .as practi-
cable, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of female teachers on the
reservation, who shall instruct the Indian girls ifl
domestic economy, one thousand dollars.
Chippeioas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebagoshish
Bands.
For tenth of thirty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For tenth of thirty installments of annuity in
goods, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For tenth of thirty installments for purpose?
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
F.or tenth of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third article treaty twenty-sec-
ond February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen annual installments for sup-
port of two smiths and smiths' shops, per third
article treaty twenty-second February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one hundred
and twenty dollars.
For pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill at
Lcach Lake, six hundred dollars.
Chippeioas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Black
River.
For ninth of ten equal annual installments in
coin> to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, per second article of
the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for the support of
one blacksmith shop, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
For fourth of five equal annual installments for
educational purposes, under the direction of the
President, two thousand dollars.
For fourth of five equal annual installments in
agiicultural implements, three thousand dollars.
Chippeioas, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per fifth article treaty eleventh August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
Chickasmes.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act of
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, three thousand dollars,
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article treaty
sixteenth November, eighteen hundred and five,
and thirteenth article treaty twenty-second June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
[treaty] twenty-second June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred. &nd fifty"
five, six hundred dollars. _
For permanent provision for iron aod steel*
