1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress, they will find in the firstact which we
passed on the subject, which was the confiscation
act, we provided that the President mightemploy
them in such way as he thought proper, and in
such service as he thought proper, and in such
organizations as he thought proper, but we did
not say a word about their pay. Wedid-notsay
anything about giving them thirteen dollars per
month. Wc did not say anything about putting
them on a level with other soldiers; but we left it
for the President if, in his discretion, he thought
it well to employ these black men, to put into the
service in such way and manner as he thought
proper so many of them as he thought proper.
The next act on the subject was the one in
which we provided that he might employ them
upon intrenchments or in teaming, or any other
service for which he found them fit, and give them
ten dollars per month. It was not known then
that the black man was to be a good soldier; but
when the negro was brought into the service of
the country he vindicated himself. He showed
that he could make a good soldier. He showed
that he could make a good fighter. He showed
that he could make a good marcher. He showed
that he was obedient to discipline. He showed
that in some cases he could endure more than the
white man, and was equally loyal and ready to
fight. Then, if the black man makes a good sol-
dier, if he goes readily to the fight, if he stands
up firmly and bravely and gives his blood and
his life to the country, I ask, why should he not
be paid? Can anybody tell me? I ask you, Mr.
President, when in this country there have been
those who have trodden down this black man for
more than three quarters of a century, and when
now in our need and misery and in our affliction
wecalluponhim tocomeanu help usputdown this
rebellion, I ask you if it is not ineffably mean to re-
fuse to pay him what he deserves? No matter where
the country 'sdefender comes from, no matter what
be the color of his skin, if he is a brave man, if he is
a loyal man, if he stands up to the fight, I am for
giving him his pay from the earliest time he is
put into the field. I would give those brave men
of Massachusetts their pay from the time they
were enlisted; I would give those South Carolina
men their pay from the time they went into the
service; and so with all others. I do not believe
that this country is so poor that it must be illib-
eral or unjust. I say these men should be paid,
and I shall give no vote that does not look to their
payment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment moved by the
Senator from Kentucky to the amendment moved
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Huckaiew,Carlile, Davis, Powell, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, and Wright—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hauling,
Harlan, Harris-,Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmtth,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Tea Eyck, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wiiley, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. ,
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose to amend the
original joint resolution by adding to it the fol-
lowing:
All persons enlisted or mustered into the service as vol-
unteer under the c(tl! dated October 17, 1863, for three
hundted thousand volunteers, who were at the time of en-
listment actually, and tor six months previous had been,
resident inhabitants of the State in which th^y volun-
teered, shall receive from the United States the same
amount of bounty, without regard to color: Provided, how-
erci, Thar the foiegomg provision shall not extend to any
State which the Pi evident by proclamation has declared in
a state ot insuirecuon.
Mr. President, I ought perhaps to state by way
of preface and apology for presenting this propo-
sition the fact that in the Slate in which 1 reside
difference of color between men is not known either
in its constitution or its laws, and our coloied men
were enrolled, subject to draft, and drafted in the
same manner as white people. When the draft
was made last summer, some of our colored people
were drafted. After that draft was through, when
the call was made in October again for three hun-
dred thousand men, which we were assured if
filled up would prevent any further draft, exer-
tions were made in the State to do that, and they
did it. It was done by adding to the bounty which
the Government offered of $300 for raw recruits,
from $300 to $500 apiece by the different towns.
The town in which I live had in it some colored
inhabitants. We understood that they were to
be all the same in the volunteers as they were in
the draft; we offered our bounties without regard
to color; and black men and white men entered
into the service and were mustered'in, and they
received the town bounty of from $300 to $500
apiece without regard to color. After the quota
was made up by the State and the men had ren-
dezvoused at Brattleboro', the Government pro-
ceeded to muster them into the service by inspec-
tion , and on ordering them pay they paid the $300
Government bounty to all the white men and
they told the colored men they must go without
any. That was the first intimation our people
had that there was any difference between them
in relation to pay.
I cannot state the precise number of these men,
but there were from forty to sixty, a company of
them, and I would mention one thing as showing
the character of the men: every man among them
wrote his name to his articles of enlistment; not
one made his mark. There was no man among
thein but could have commanded his two dollars
a day at home. They were from twenty to forty-
five years old, able-bodied men. A very great
sensation was produced not merely among them,
but among the white people and the white sol-
diers who surrounded them; but they were ear-
ned away without any pay and without any as-
surance of any or any hope of any that I know
of, and went away in great distress.
Under these circumstances I cannot but feel it
to be my duty to ask to have the bounty paid to
these men. I do not ask that colored men shall
be paid where a State has sent off South or else-
where and procured them. I ask,and thatismy
proposition, that the bounty shall be paid alike
to men, regaidless of color, if they were actually
inhabitants, residents of the State, and had been
so six months before the time of their enlistment.
I have no more to say about it. It seems to me
a very clear case of equity and justice, and I feel
that it is my duty to claim it
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the individual case to
which the Senator alludes I perhaps agree with
him; and I do not know but that there may be
some other cases of a similar description; but it
strikes me, as the amendment is worded, it would
be likely to cover many cases where no such
promise was made and no such understanding
had. Take, for instance, the troops in Maryland.
They have raised several regiments there, and
raised them under the peculiar promises that were
made to them. It would cover them as well. It
would cover all, I suppose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would ask the gentleman
if he knows what were the terms on which they
were enlisted ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that they
were raised under that particular promise; butthis
amendment provides for paying so much to vol-
unteers, and may include them.
Mr. COLLAMER. Were those men enrolled
and subject to draft?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know.
Mr. COLLAMER. These men went because
they might as well go and take the bounties as
wait to be drafted. They were all on the rolls.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not sufficiently
aware of the facts to vote on the Senator's prop-
osition. I say to him distinctly that if these men
were enrolled and subjcctto draft, and were taken
into the service on that understanding, and pre-
cisely in the same way that white men were, I
see no reason why they should not have the same
bounty; and I agree with him on that subject. I
do not see any reason for the distinction; but in
making a general provision we should be careful
that we do not run the Government to very great
expense in reference to men who really are not
entitled to the money, and I want time to look
into it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me a moment? I happened to be
on the Eastern Shore of Maryland when many of
these enlistments were made. The Government
sent steamers to certain towns on that shore, and
notice was given out that any negroes who wished
to enter the military service would be received on
the steamboats; and 1 saw some of them taken off
on a steamboat.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was thbte anything said
about their getting a bounty ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I never heard a word of-it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot vote for litis
amendment if it is to be pushed on this resolution
to-day 
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no other on which
to put it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless the Senator in-
troduces anew one; and of that he will judge. AH
I ask is that it may go over until we can get the
proper information to see how far it will go, and
to what cases it will apply. It is entirely unsafe
to legislate here on the assertions and recollection
of Senators as to a particular statement that has
been made. That we have experienced often.
By legislating in that way we may get ourselves
into a difficulty that it will be hard to get out of.
If the Senator from Massachusetts will consent
to let the joint resolution go over to a subsequent
day, until we can obtain the requisite information
on the amendment proposed, to see how far it
applies, it may perhaps be put into a position
where I can vote for it. On the statement of the
honorable Senator from Vermont, I fee! disposed
to vote for his amendment; but it is unsafe to act
on it until we get more information than we have
now. I hope the Senator from Massachusetts
will consent to let the resolution go over until to-
morrow, so that we may get this information,
because it is a very important amendment, and
one which we oughtnottoactupon withoutmore
information.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it is in order that
we may get the requisite information of the ex-
tent of that amendment that I suggest that we
take a little more time with it, because it may
have a vastly more extensive operation than it
would appear to have on the face of it.
Mr. WILSON. To accommodate gentlemen,
I move to postpone the further consideration of
this resolution until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
House bill reviving the grade of lieutenant gen-
eral.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the question'' is
put on that motion I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator from Massachusetts. I am as
ready myself to act upon the bill providing for a
lieutenant general now as at any time, but we
have already had the roll of the Senate called and
it appears that we have barely enough to make
a quorum. It would be very desirable that we
should have a full Senate when we act upon a bill
of that character, and as there is considerable
business to be done in executi ve session I suggest
whether we had not better spend the rest of the
day in acting on that kind of business to which
there is no objection, and thus get rid of it and
prevent its occupying our time hereafter.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am willing after the bill
shall be taken up to go into executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I have no
objection to that.
Mr. WILSON. I am very anxious to get this
bill through.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no! Let usfimsh the
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt if we can.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rather than delay a com-
pliment of this kind, I would at once consent to
agree to the amendments of our Military Com-
mittee, and pass the bill in that shape.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo have hard work to
get a quorum here, even after sending out for mem-
bers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there will be no diffi-
culty in keeping a quorum here to act upon the
bill now before the Senate. It seems to me that
we ought not to delay action on a complimentary
bill of this character. If we are to pass it at all,
let us pass it promptly; and, as a friend of the
