190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
per ninth article treaty twentieth January, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth ar-
ticle of treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred and twenty
dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum per annum, for education, sup-
port of the government, and other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the general council
of the Choctaws,in conformity with the provis-
ions contained in the tenth and thirteenth articles
of the treaty of twenty-second June, eighteen hun-
dred and, fifty-five, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Camanches, Kiowas, and Apaches of Arkansas River.
For the firstfive installments, being the second
series for the purchase of goods, provisions, and
agricultural implements, per sixth article treaty
twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, eighteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the first of
five installments of goods, provisions, and agri-
cultural implements, per sixth article treaty twen-
ty-seventh July,eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
seven thousand dollars.
Kioway, JJpache, and Camanches.
For the salary of an agent for the Kioway,
Apache, and Camanche Indians, for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hundred
and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh Au-
fust, eighteen hundrednnd fifty-six, one thousand
ve hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
nrticle treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article tieaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, and filth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
nnd fifty-six, two hundred and fifty-six, two hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
Forpermanentprovision for the pay ofa wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant and shop and
tools during the pleasure of the President, per
fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eighteen
nundrcd and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and filty-six.
tight hundred and forty dollars.
ior iron and steel for shopdming the pleasuie
of the President, per fifth article treaty fouiteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon maker during the pleasure of the
.President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundu-d and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
fa or assistance in agricultural ope rations durin"*
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article tieaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
_ For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Febru-
ary,eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth
nrticle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
Mid fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article to
supplemental treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to treaty of
third October, eighteen hundred and eighteen,
one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, for education,
two thousand three hundred and four dollars.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-seven
thousand dollars, balance of one hundred and fif-
ty-seven thousand dollars, to the first of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, at five per centu m
per annum, for education or other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President, two
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum per an-
num, ten thousand dollars.
For eleventh installment of interest, atfive per
centum, on one hundred thousand dollars for ed-
ucational and other beneficial purposes, five thou-
sand dollars.
For eleventh installment on two hundred thou-
sand dollars, to be paid in eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, per second article treaty eighteenth
May,eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine thou-
sand dollars.
Menomonces.
For ninth of twelve installments for contitTuing
and keepingupa blacksmith shop, and providing
the usual quantity of iron and steel, per fourth arti-
cle treaty eighteenth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and third article treaty twelfth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hun-
dred and sixteen dollars and sixty-six cents.
For ninth of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen bundled and forty-eight, and third
article treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifteen installments for pay of
miller, per third article treaty twelfth May, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Miamies of Kansas. *
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred
and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five per
centum, for educational purposes, per thud article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments upon two hun-
dred thousand dollars, per third article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and
eighty-six cents, uninvested, atfive per centum,
forMiami Indians oflndiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-
two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies~~Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty third August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, five hun3red dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty uol-
'ars- . • ■
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and nine, three hundred
and fifty dollars.
Nisqually, PuyitUup, and other Tribes and Bands of
Indians.
For tenth installment, in part payment for relin-
quishment of title to lands, to be applied to bene-
ficial objects, per fourth article treaty twenty-sixth
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Oinahas.
For the seventh of ten installments of tins
amount, being second of the series, in money or
otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty
thousand dollars.
For the last of ten installments for support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For the last of ten installments for support of
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per eighth articlo treaty sixteenth Marcli,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For the last of ten installments for support of
farmer, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
Forkeepingin repair the gristand saw mill pro-
vided for by the eighth article of the treaty of six-
teenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per eighth article of
the treaty of sixteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For assistant engineer for mill, six hundred
dollars.
For assistant milter, three hundred dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being
the value of fifty-four sections of land set apart
second June, eighteen hundred and twenty-five,
for educational purposes, per Senate resolution
nineteenth January, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-six
dollars.
Otioes and JWissouruis.
For seventh often installments, being the second
series, in money or otherwise, per fourth article
treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For last of ten installments for pay of miller, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For last of ten installments for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per seventh
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, nine hundred and forty dollars.
For last of ten installments for farmer, per sev-
enth article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For keepingin repair the grist and saw mill pro-
vided for by the seventh article of the treaty of
fifteenth March,eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith's shop with tools, nnd
keeping the same in repair, pr seventh article of
the treaty fifteenth March, <" ,nteen hundred and
fifty-four, three hundred debars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Ottawas and Chippeioas of Michigan.
For ninth of ten equal annual installments for
educational purposes, to be expended under the
direction ofthe President, according to the wishes
