1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
I call attention also to the provision concerning
eating-house keepers. What is the definition of
an eating-house irt the existing law?
"Every place where food or refreshments of any kind are
.provided for casual visitors and sold for consumption there-
in shall be regarded as an eating-house under this act."
Now, while wecould not comprehend that liquor
was food or lodging, yet wecould understand that
sometimes liquor was regarded as "refresh-
ments/* Straining the law, however, we decided
that eating-house keepers should not sell liquor
without a license therefor,
We did not propose that the keeper of an eat-
ing-house should be allowed to sell $50,000 or
$100,000 worth of liquor and only pay the paltry
tax of ten dollars. 1 think the Department was
justified by the language of the law,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must know
that after the construction given to the first law
he broughtin an amendment here, and argued it
upon the same ground upon which I am arguing
it now, and this House, by a Urge majority,'con-
strued the law as I contended for. It went to the
Senate, and in a committee of conference 
Mr. FRANK. I wish to correct the gentleman.
The House decided by a majority otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the House decided
erroneously. When it went to a conference com-
mittee and was reported back to this House the
House sustained the report by a very large ma-
jority, and 
Mr. FRANK. Allow me one word more. A
clause was adopted by that committee, but was
misunderstood by the House when it came be-
fore us.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh no, sir, it was not mis-
understood by anybody. I do not say but that
one of the Senators from Maine when it was fixed
said, " Now nobody but a fool will understand
this is to be construed us alicense." But he was
mistaken; some very wise men misunderstood it
immediately afterwards.
Mr. BOUT WELL. This act went into effect
on the 3d of March, and thefirst Commissioner of
Internal Revenue resigned his place on thatday.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not refer to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. 1 think he was awise
man. What we contended for was that we were
not defining what was a tavern-keeper except
where the laws of the State did not define it. In
many States a tavern-keeper who keeps for in-
stance a temperance house, had to take out no
license. We added that to the descriptions which
the State laws made; but we did not undertake
to say that a State should not define what was a
tavern-keeper. Wheic the laws of a State de-
fined a tavern-keeper and gave him a license for
the purpose of transacting the business, we took
the description of the business as the State law
made it, and we put a license upon just the busi-
ness which the State authorized. A tavern-keeper
in Pennsylvania is authorized to sell liquor by
the State law to be drank on the premises, and
yet the license law for retailing—under which my
colleague thinks they ought to take out a license—
expressly provides that they shall not sell any
liquors to be diank upon the premises. Most
absurd construction.
I know there was a meeting held in Berks and
Lancaster counties, and lawyers were employed
to contest this construction, and the law never
was enforced. I have no doubt, as my friend
says, it was in his district. In his country it
does not make as much difference as it does in
mine. In the counties of Lancaster and York we
have small tavern-keepers whose rental does not
exceed $100. That class of houses is necessary
in many parts of the country. Emigrants, low
men, stragglers, men with lice upon them, cannot
find accommodations in the hotel of my friend,
the Continental.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Debateisgettinginteresting;
but I move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to oidei,
had the state of the Union geneially under con-
sideration, and particularly the internal revenue
bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union all debate upon
the pending paragraph shall be terminated in one
mmute.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (H. R. No. 308) to estab-
lish a Bureau of Military Justice, with amend-
ments; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment,an act (H. R. No. 408) forthe relief of pay-
masters who have been robbed by confederate
forces or rebel guerrillas.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the internal revenue
bill.
Mr. FRANK. I move to amend by making
the amount $26 50. In the city of New York
alone there are twenty or twpnty-five thousand
retail dealers in spirituous liquors who pay li-
cense under the present law. If the proposed
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Thaykr] should fail to pass, such parties
could place in their buildings two or three beds
and take out license as inn-keepers, paying but
ten dollars, as it will be seen but ten dollars is
charged for licensc under this section when the
rental docs not exceed $200, the Government
losing fifteen dollars in every such case.
I withdraw ihe amendment to the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I call for tellers on my amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevens and Mr.
Beaman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-fourth paragraph was read, as
follows:
24. Convejancers shall pay ten dollars for each licensc.
Eveiy pei-on, other than one holding: a license a^ a lawyer,
chain ajjeru, banker, or insurance agent, whose busmen
it is to diavv deeds, bonds, monies, wills, writs, or other
legal papeis, or to examine utie*> to real estate, shall be
regarded a conveyancer under tins act.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out the words " banker or insurance agent," and
by inserting before the words " claim agent" the
word " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-seventh section was read, as fol-
lows:
27. Foreign insurance agents shall pay fifty dollars for
each license. Every person who shall act as agent of any
foieign fire, maVine, life, mutual, or other insutanee com-
pany ot companies- shall be regarded as a foreign insurance
agent under this act.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "license" the words" and one
dollar for every additional dollar of premiums
received by such agent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. MORRILL. I move to amend, in line
two hundred and fifty, by inserting after the word
" or" the words " who shall manufacture for oth-
ers;" so that the clause will read:
29. Manufacturer* ekall pay ten dollars for each license.
Any person, firm, or corporation who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery any good>, waies. or merchandise, or
who shall manufacture lor oth<r-;, exceeding annually the
sum of $1,000,Klmll be regarded a manufacturer undetthus
act.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, if he will permit me,
whether or not that is the entire license imposed
upon manufactures. This tax of ten dollars is
imposed upon persons whose business shall ex-
ceed $1,000 annually. Suppose the amount of
manufactures largely exceeds that — $50,000 or
$100,000—is it undei stood that there is to be no
additional tax imposed upon that class of manu-
facturers ? In other words, is the small manufac-
turer of the country, the maker of plows, &c.,
to pay the same license as the extensive firms
manufacturing to the extent of $100,000 a year
or ten times that amount? There ought to be
some discrimination. It is not sufficient to say
that the discrimination is in the imposition of
duties on manufactures. Unless, then, some ex-
planation can be made in the matter, 1 will move
to amend the paragraph so as to make the license
proportionate to the amount of manufactures.
That is the principle we adopt in other cases.
Mr. MORRILL. I had supposed the gentle-
man from Indiana understood, certainly almost
every other gentleman must do so, that this
license is not imposed as a tax, but that it is im-
posed in order to keep track of those men who
manufacture, in order to designate their trade or
profession. When we come to tax them, we tax
them on the amount of their manufactures. That
makes it entirely equal. And when we come to
the income tax, we tax a man according to his
profits.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I move to strike out
all after the word " license," in line two hundred
and sixty nine, down to the end of the paragraph,
as follows:
Provided, That manufacturers and producers of agricul-
tural tools and implements, garden syeds, stoves, and hol-
low ware, brooms, wooden ware, and powder, delivering
and.selling at wholesale any of said articles, by themselves
or their authorized agents, at places other than the place of
manufacture, shall not be required, for nny sale thus made,
to take out any additional license therefor.
1 shall insist on that amendment, unless some
reason can be shown why these manufacturers
should not be required to take out a licensc as
well as others.
Now, I am a manufacturer myself, and 1 am
compelled to take out what is called a manufac-
turer's license. I am a dealer also, but 1 sell no ar-
ticles but what I manufacture. Why these man-
ufacturers of hollow ware, brooms, wooden ware,
powder, and agricultural implements should be
exempt from that license I cannot for the life of
me see. I hope the gentleman from Vermont will
explain the reasons why they should be exempted
from the provisions of the law which are appli-
cable to other parties.
Mr. MORRILL. I will merely say that there
are many manufacturers of plows who send them
about the country for sale. TheShakers too,for
instance, send out their brooms for sale. The
manufacturers of brown earthenware do the same
thing; and as far as I can judge, the proposition
as it stands is a very proper one.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. But it applies also to
the manufacturers of powder, and the exportation
of powder is prohibited bylaw. Iam a manufac-
turer of acids, and a very large portion goes in
small parts to the country after paying three per
cent, on the manufacture.
Mr. MORRILL. The manufacturers of pow-
der almost invariably send it out by traveling
agents throughout the country.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. The gentleman knows
very well that the export of powder from this
country is prohibited.
Mr. MORRILL. Not by any means.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I call for tellers on my
amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I find that I am correct m my
criticism on line two hundred and fifty, and to
avoid serious error I ask consent of the House
to go back to that line. I move to insert after
the word " or" the words " who shall manufac-
ture for others or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend line two
hundred and fifty-four by striking out "twenty"
and inserting "thirty;" so that it will read:
30. Peddlers shall be clarified and rated as follow*, to
wit: when tiavehng with more than two horses, the first
class, and shall pay thnty dollars for each license.
I simply wish to say in behalf of this amend-
ment that 1 think a license of twenty dollars is
much too low. These peddlers carry the highest
priced goods. I am informed that a man who
Ctiines his goods on his back will make from three
to five thousand dollars a year, selling costly silks
and things of that kind. I am therefore in favor
