1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
making the license thirty dollars instead of twenty
dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
_Mr. BOUTWELL. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in at the end of line two hundred
and seventy-five:
Provided fuilker, That nothing contained in this proviso
shall be construed to authorize the sale of wine, spuits, or
malt liquors.
I will merely say that we have had trouble
under this provision about the sale of spirituous
liquors.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend the paragraph in regard to peddlers by
increasing the tax on the fourth class from five
dollars to ten dollars; and I will also move to in-
crease the tux proportionately on the other classes.
The country is swarming with these peddlers,
who pay no rent or taxes, although some of them
are worth from five to ten thousand dollars. 1
am in favor of charging them high licenses.
Mr. HOLMAN. I oppose the amendment.
Peddlers are a very poor class of men who travel
round the country trying to make a living.
Mr. MORRILL. This matter was not fully con-
sidered by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I believe u would be wise to increase all these li-
censes from five dollars to ten dollars, fiom ten
dollars to twenty dollars, from fifteen dollars to
twenty-five dollars, and from twenty dollars to
fifty dollars. I suggest that amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I accept the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. It does seem to me that that
would be exceedingly unfair and unjust. The
States and counties all impose a tax on this un-
fortunate class of people, i think it monstrous
thus to tax a poor pedestrian, perhaps a wounded
soldier, striving to earn a scanty living m this
way.
The question being on Mr. Kellogg's amend-
ment as modified,Mr. Holman called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg of
Michigan, and Mr. Holman, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the same paragraph by increasing the license of
twenty-five dollars to fifty dollars on peddlers of
jewelry.
The amendment was agreed to.
The paragraph, as amended by the amendment
of Mr. Kellogg,of Michigan, and Mr. Hubbard,
of Iowa, reads as follows:
30. Peddlers shall be classified and rated as follows, to
wit: when traveling with more than Uvo horses, the first
class, and shall pay filty dollars for each license; when
traveling with two hordes, tlu; second class, and t-ha.ll pay
twenty-five dollars for each license; wtien ttuvehng with
one hoise, the third cla*s>, and shall pay twenty dollars fot
each license; when uavelmgon loot, the louith cla^s,aud
shall pay ten dollars lor each license. Any person, except
persons peddling newspapers. Bibles, or lchgious tiacts,
who sells or oilers to bell, at retail, goods, waits, or other
com module's, traveling from place to place, m the street or
through diffeient parts of the country, shall be regarded a
peddler under this act: Piovided, That any peddler who
sells, or oftVrs to sell, dry-goods, foreign and domestic, by
one or more original packages or pieces at one tune, to the
same person or persons, as aforesaid, shall pay fifty dollais
for each licence. And any person who peddles jewelry shall
pay fifty dollars for each license.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I more to
amend the thirty-first paragraph by increasing
the license on apothecaries from ten dollars to
twenty dollais.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that par-
agraph by adding to it the following proviso:
Nor shall apothecaries who have taken outahcense as
such be required to take out a license as retail dealets in
liquors, in consequence of belling alcohol.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I hope that
amendment will not be agreed to. The profits
of the business of an apothecary are very large.
The profits on the compounding of medicines are
two to three hundred per cent., and if anybody
can afford to pay licenses then apothecaries can.
They can afford it much better than the liquor
dealers can. This proviso allows them to sell
liquors, and as they have a reputation for selling j;
pure liquors they are able to charge high prices Jj
for them. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted. i ■
Mr. BEAMAN". I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words " for medicinal pur-
poses. "
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend paragraph
thirty-three by striking out the words " and paid
not less than ten dollars," so as to make the
paragmph read as follows:
33. Tobacconists shall pay ten dollars) for each license.
Any person, firm, oreoi poration whose business it is to sell,
at iet.nl, eigaii-, snuff, or tobacco in any form, shall be re-
garded a tobacconist under tin?, act. But wholesale and
retail dealers, and keepers of hotels, inns, taverns, and
eating houses, having taken out a license therefor, shall
not he icquued to take out a license as tobacconists, any-
thing in tins net to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend the same paragraph by striking out in line
two hundred and ninety-two the word "ten,"
and inserting in place of it the word "twenty,"
so us to make the license twenty dollars instead
of ten dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out all in
this paragiaph after the word "act," as follows:
But wholesale and retail dealers, and keepers of hotels,
inns, taverns, and eating-houses, having taken out a license
theiefot, shall not be required to take out a license as to-
bacconists, anything in this act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am told by experts that
in the thirty-second paragraph the clause "any
peison or persons who make for sale photo-
graphs, amhrotypes, daguerreotypes, or pictures
on glass, metal, or paper, by the action of light,
shall be regarded a photographer under this act,"
is liable to misconstruction. I move, therefore, to
amend it by striking out the words " on glass,
metal, or paper."
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
thirty-fourth paragraph. This class of persons
are included under the general head of manufac-
turers.
The section was read, as follows:
34. Tallow-chandlers and soap-makers shall pay for each
license the sum of ten dollars. Any person whose busi-
ness it is to make or manufacture candles or soap shall be
regarded a tallow-chandler and soap-maker under tins act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph of the bill being un-
der consideration—
35. Kutcher-; shall pay ten dollars for eacli license. Every
person whose business it N to sell butchers' meat at retail
shall be regaided as a butcher under this act: Provided,
That no buichpr having taken out a license, and paid ten
dollars therelor, shall be mjuned to take out a license as
retail dealer on account ot selling other articles at the same
store, stall, or piemises : Provided jurther, That butchers
who retail butchers' meat exclusively fiom a cart or wagon,
by themselves or agents, shall be lequired to pay five dol-
lar* only for each license, any exi?tmg law to the contrary
notwithstanding, and having taken out a licence therelor
shall not be required to take out a license as a peddler for
retailing butchers'meat, as aloresaul: *dvd provided fur-
ther, That no license shall be icquircd of a butcher whose
annual sales do not exceed $>1,000—
Mr. MORRILL moved to insert after the word
"agents" the words "traveling from place to
place, and not from any street or stand."
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph being under consid-
eration—•
36. Theaters shall pay $100 for each license. Every
edifice erected for the purpose of dramatic or operatic rep-
resentations, plays, or performances, and not including
halls lented or used occasionally tor concerts' or theatrical
representations, shall be legarded as a theater under this
act-
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend by striking out
" one" and inserting " two," so as to make the
license $200.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the same
paragraph by inserting after the words " edifice
erected" the words " or used."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J.C. ALLEN. 1 move to amend the same
paragraph by inserting after the word "theaters"
at the beginning of the paragraph the words " and
museums."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.GANSON.: I movetoamend the paragraph
at the-beginmng of it b/inserting after the> words
" thirty-six" the words," the proprietor or pro-
prietors of." - - •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HOOPER. I move to amend by inserting
after the word " museum," which has just been
put in on motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
the words " receiving pay as entrance .money."
I believe there are museums which are open to
the public free of charge. -
The amendment was agreed to. * '
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend the same
paragraph by strikingoutthe words "erected or,"
so as to mane it read:
The proprietor or proprietors of theaters or museums shall
pay $100 for each license. Every edifice used for the pur-
pose of dramatic or operatic representations, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph of the bill being under
consideration—
37. Circuses shall pay fifty dollars for each license.
Every building, tent, space, of area, where feats of horse-
manship or acrobatic sports are exhibited, shall be regarded
as a circus under this act—
Mr. HUBBARD, of'Iowa. I move to amend
by striking out" $50,"and insertingin lieu thereof
"#100."
Mr. WILSON. I desire to suggestto my col-
league an amendment which will, perhaps, ac-
complish the same purpose as his amendment in
a more satisfactory way.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Whatisit?
Mr. WILSON. It is to add at the end of the
paragraph the same proviso as is contained in the
thirty-eighth paragraph, as follows:
Provided, That no license procured in one State shall
be held to authorize exhibitions in anotherState. And but
one license shall be required under this act to authorize
exhibitions within any one State.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will accept that.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to insert after the
words " thirty-seven," in the same paragraph, the
words "the proprietor or proprietors of."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am not sure that we
shall not lose by that. We now hold the "cir-
cus," but the " proprietor"may bean unknown
person.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend in line three
hundred and twenty-nine by inserting after the
word "sports" the words "theatrical perform-
ances."
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to my colleague on
tHe Committee of Ways and Means that that
amendment would cover more ground than he in-
tends.
Mr. HOOPER. I will withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
38. Jugglers shall pay for each license twenty dollars.
Every person who performs by sleight-of-hand shall be re-
gaided as a juggler under this act. The pioprietors or
agents of all other public exhibitions or shows lor money,
not enumerated in this section, shall pay for each license
ten dollars: Provided, That no license procured in one
State shall be held to authorize exhibitions in another
State. And but one license shalf be required under this
act to authorize exhibitions within any one State.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to strike out" twen-
ty," and in lieu thereof to insert " fifty." If a
man is willing to acknowledge that he is a cheat,
he ought to be made to pay for following his trade.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
39. Bowling-alleys and billiard-rooms khall pay accord-
ing to the number of alleys or tables belonging to or used in
the building or place to be licensed. When not exceeding
one alley or table, five dollars for each license; and when
exceeding one alley oi table, five dollars for each additional
alley or table. Every place or building where bowisare
thrown or billiaids played, aud open to the public with or
without price, shall be regarded as a bowling-alley or bil-
liaid-room, respectively, under this act.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 move to strikeout "five,"
where it occurs, and insert " ten."
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
55, noes 27.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. J. C. Allen,
and Baldwin of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes G3, noes 49.
The Clerk read, as follows:
40. Proprietors of gift enterprises shall pay fifty dollars
for each license. Every poison, firm, or corporation, wiio
