1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
- im'
which now distract our country would have been
in process of solution at the hands of a peaceful,
prosperous, and mighty people. But it was not
so ordered. The Government was confided to the
hands of wicked and short-sighted demagogues,
and they, by disregarding the immutable laws of
right and justice, have involved us in war; and it
is the part of the statesman and the wise legis-
lator to accept the facts of the day as he finds them,
to apply to them controlling and enduring princi-
ples, and thus to evoke beauteous order out of the
sanguinary chaos that surrounds us. This he may
do by inaugurating a system of paid labor that
shall be in harmony with the spirit of the age and
Chiistian civilization.
The bill under consideration, Mr. Speaker, is
well calculated to produce these happy results.
The committee charged with its preparation has
considered it in no narrow or partisan spirit.
The majority of the committee beheld the great
need of such a bureau as it contemplates. They
have called from far and near the wisest counsel-
ors. They have heard slaveowning and other cit-
izens of the rebellious territory. They have called
to their aid officers both civil and military who
had enjoyed the means of ascertaining what is
needed, and after mature deliberation they have
reported the bill as it stands before the House.
Its immediate passage is demanded by the fact
that the ancient order of things has been destroyed
over a territory described by the eloquent gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] as "larger
than were the whole thirteen original States of
these United States; a territory extending from
the shores of the Potomac to the Rio Grande."
The constitutions of the States that once had juris-
diction over that vast territory were extinguished
when sovereign conventions of tlte people severed
the ligaments that bound them to the Constitution
and Government of the United States. Their able-
bodied white men have been or are being con-
scripted by the despotic and aristocratic usurpers
of their government to make war upon usand our
institutions. Their slaves, freed by the proclama-
tion of the Commander-in-Chief of our Army and
Navy, are fleeing by tens and hundreds of thou-
sands to our standard and within our lines, and
the broad territory to which we look for supplies of
cotton, rice,sugar, and tobacco lies a wide waste,
overgrown with weeds. The bill proposes, by
means simple, legal, constitutional, and inexpens-
ive, nay, by which millions, many millions, per
annum will be added to theTreasury of our coun-
try, to cultivate so much of these lands, and to
employ in their cultivation so many of these peo-
ple as have conic or may come within our lines.
In the cultivation of its lands a nation finds its
wealth. And none can suffer from the employ-
ment of idle laborers on abandoned lands.
The future welfare of the freed men demands
such action. They must not be permitted to con-
tract habits of idleness, indolence, and vagrancy.
The welfare of the people of the North demands
it. They need the commodities yielded by this
territory. Their industry is paralyzed by the
want of cotton which will be produced on these
fields and by the labor of these people. The
world at large demands it. The absence of the
well-directed toil of these very people upon the
neglected lands now and soon to be within our
lines has caused gaunt want and starvation to
stalk through thenmnufacturingdistrictsofGreat
Britain and the continent. And it is our duty, by
prompt legislation, to stanch these wounds, as we
can do by the coming autumn. The provisions
of this bill are welldirectod to thatend. Human-
ity,thespiritof the nineteenth century, and Chris-
tian civilization demand its immediate passage.
Happily, I need not dwell on its details. They
were elaborately explained-by my colleague on
the committee, the chairman, when he introduced
r the bill to the attention of the House. On that
occasion he challenged the free, frank, and full
! discussion of the bill; and what response has been
made to his challenge? Thugentleman from Ohio,
1 [Mr. Cox,] the gentleman from the Brooklyn dis-
^ trict of Npw York, [Mr. Kalbfleisch,] and the
* gentleman from thecity districtof thatState, [Mr.
f Brooks,] have all spoken to the bill; but they
f have not discussed its details. They have not at-
* tempted to point out the provisions m it that are
unconstitutional, illegal, or unwise. They have
* heaped upon it invectiveanddenunciation; butits
£ details and its spirit they have evaded. Indeed,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
said:
" But, Mr. Speaker, it is vain for me to attempt to dis-
cuss the details of this bill, for it is a Dili which has doubt-
less been caucused and settled and decided upon elsewhere.
I will not, therefore, waste the time of the House in a futile
discussion of its details."
Futile, indeed, would have been the discussion
had the gentleman attempted to verify his denun-
ciation of the bill by pointing out the provisions
which sustained or justified it. The gentlemen
chose rather to evade the bill, its objects, and its
provisions, and to entertain us with incoherent
rhapsodies, which would have been very well in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
where we all speak for buncombe, but which
sounded dreary and melancholy enough in con-
nection with a great and grave topic like that
which should properly have engaged the attention
of the House.
Sir, in the absence of assailable provisions in
the bill, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] poured forth his indignation upon the
grand old Puritan State. He said:
" I know the spirit of Massachusetts. I know her inex
orable,unappeasable, demoniac energy. I know that what
siie decrees she will execute, as when she ordeied the
burning oi the witches at Salem, or the scourging of the
Quakeis, or exile of the Baptists to the locky shores of the
Narraeansett or to the mountain-fastnesses and glens of
New Hampshire, where my maternal Baptist ancestors were
banished. Hence when, as now, she decrees on the African,
1 tremble for three million of hitherto happy human beings
now doomed to extermination."
And again he said:
"Tho spirit of Massachusetts has done in two or three
years only what Christ, or the church of Christ, was twelve
or fifteen hundred years m accomplishing in the Roman
empire."'
Sir, I am no son of Massachusetts or New
England as the gentleman is; but i remember that,
in my wayward youth, being free from the indent-
ure that had bound me to a long apprenticeship,
but not having attained manhood, I wandered
from my native Pennsylvania, counter to the cur-
rent tide of emigration, in pursuit of employment,
and found a home in Massachusetts, and I may
be pardoned iflpause foramomentto feebly test-
ify my gratitude to her in whom I found a gentle
and generous foster-mother. I thank God for the
Puritan spirit of Massachusetts. A boy, poor,
friendless, and in pursuit of wages for manual
toil, I found open to me in the libraries of Boston
the science, history, and literature of the world.
At a cost that even the laboring man did not feel
I found, night after night, and week after week,
in her lyceums and lecture-rooms the means of
intercourse with her Bancroft, her Brownson,
her Everctts, her Channings, her Prescotts, her
Emerson, and scores of other as learned and as
able, though perhaps less distinguished sons than
these. 1 thuslearned what it was to bean Amer-
ican citizen, and to what a height American civ-
ilization will be cairied; and I found four years
of life spent at well-paid toil worth to me what
thefeame number of years in a college might have
been. I thank the men of Massachusetts, as will
the scholars in public schools fashioned upon her
principles in the city of Charleston in good time.
They may be white, they may be black, they
may be yellow, but when the civilization of Mas-
sachusetts shall have penetiated that daik city,
and fashioned its institutions as it will, the pleas-
ure of the pupils in the schools will be to thank
God night and morning for the spirit of Mas-
sachusetts which kept liberty alive, and finally
brought its blessings to the entire people of the
country. Yes, sir, Massachusetts in the past two
or three years has given a practical application of
those principles which in twelve or fifteen centu-
ries gave freedom to Europe, and is about giving
ft to all the people of America. Not without war,
however; and the gentleman ignored the teachings
of history when he said that it had been done
without war in Europe. Sir, the history of the
contest for freedom in Europe is a history of con-
tinuous, sanguinary, and destructive war.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] less
gravely—1 will not say more flippantly, for that
might be offensive—-devoted his hour, as I have
said, not to the examination of the bill, but to a
criticism of certain uttoianccs of Wendell Phil-
lips and Theodoie TiSton, and the reading of
copious extracts from an anonymous pamphlet
recently published by Dexter, Hamilton & Co.,
Nassau street, NewYork, entitled Miscegenation.
I am a little disappointed, Mr. Speaker, th&t
this bill should receive such treatment at
hands of gentlemen on the other side.of theHogpft.^
They profess to sympathize with the people of
the South. They profess to wish for peace and
to restore them to the blessings of society, Siiy>
do they not know that this bill relates to four
million people of the South, half a million, cer-
tainly more than four hundred thousand, of wijom
are the near relatives of their former associates
upon this floor and their partisans in the South,
men to whom they and their deluded partisans
confided the administration of our Government'
for more than thirty years? None know better
than these gentlemen that one half million of
those slaves are the near relatives, the uncles,
aunts, and cousins, brothers, sisters, and children
of the Democracy of the South; that in the veins,
of that number of colored people tingles the blood
of what the gentlemen have been pleased to con-
sider the master race of this country. The gen-
tleman intimated that, by reason of the utter-'
ances to which he referred, he was satisfied, thai:
the Republicans and abolitionists of the North
would fail into the practice of amalgamation. Sir,
he knows very well that the complaint of the al-
leged illegal and unconstitutional arrest of that
specimen of southern chivalry, that representa-
tive of Virginia manners and morals, that leader
of the New York Democracy, Captain J. U. An-
drews, is not their real grievance in the premises.
He knows very well that their real grievance,and
that out of which they expected to make most
capital while they hoped to restore slavery to it 
old political power, is that when the officers tore
that husband of a white woman ruthlessly from
the sweltering embrace of his African inamorato
they violated Democratic usages. Yes, sir; this
is their real cause of complaint in the premises.
It is not the men of the North who have been
enamored by that complexion which is described
as the " shadowed livery of the burning sun."
ft is not the men of the North who have laid
their " snowy hands" in " palms of russet;" or
have " hung Europe's priceless pearl that shames
the Orient on Afric's swarthy neck;" or realized
experimentally the truth of the poet's aphorism,
that
" In joining contrasts lleth Love's delight."
These exquisite and delicate sources of enjoy-
ment have been in the exclusive possession or the-
southern Democracy, the colaborers in politics of
the gentleman who charges them so wantonly
upon the people of his own section. He has
never seen the white northern man choose his
companion from that race. 1 have by me the
picture of a band of slaves sent North by General
banks, four of whom are as white as we who
hold this discussion. They come from the col-
ored schools lecently established in New Orleans.
They are children of southern Democrats; born
in Virginia and Louisiana, they were owned or
sold by their fathers as negro slaves.
I look, sir, upon that picture of Washington's
companion in the Revolution [pointing to the pic-
ture of La Fayette] and his fit associate in this
Hall, and i remember that when on his tour
through this country in 1824 he visited the south-
ern States, he very publicly expressed his surprise
at finding the complexion of the negro population
in their cities so largely changed from what it had
been at the close of the revolutionary war, and
expressed the hope that in finding the two races
thus blending their blood he might discover the
solution of the slavery question.
But a few weeks ago, in conversation with a
distinguished son of Kentucky, himself a slave-
holder, upon the question now underdiscussion,
he said to me that in 1849 he was nt school at
Danville, Kentucky; that there were there on an
average ih ree hundi ed young men, and that though
the colored population of the town numbered six
hundred, there were butsixof pure African blood.
The scholars of that school were not northern
abolitionists or Republicans. They were the
wealthy and educated young gentlemen of the
democratic South.
But, sir, let this question not rest upon isolated
instances or narrow localities. Let us look at the
census of 1860. I find by it that more than half
a million of the colored people of that section are,
as 1 have already intimated, the kindred of the
white race of the South. Thus in Louisiana, of
the freo colored people, 81.29 per cent, are of mixed
