1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279$
t( monarch of all they survey," at least decidedly .
" some pumpkins.M Coming in contact with the
people they endeavor to impress them with their
importance by u putting on airs," (as itis termed
in the expressive language of the country,) and
playing the cheap lion on all occasions. Fron-
tiersmen are generally good judges of human na-
ture, and these would-be great men soon find their
true position. It may be that it would be safer
and more conducive to the interests of the people
of the Territory to place legislation under the con-
trol of such a person, if such, perchance, should
occupy the gubernatorial chair; but it will be very
difficult to make the people of my Territory so
understand it. They have been accustomcd to
make their own lawsforoleven years withoutth©
intervention of an executive veto used by the
stranger your Executive sends among them, and
they have duly appreciated the power conferred
upon and the trust reposed in them, and they
will feel it a hardship that this abridgment of
their liberties should be made without cause.
The people of Washington Territory area loyal
people. They are loyal to the Government and
to the Constitution. They deeply sympathize
with that band of heroes who arc bravely fight-
ing to restore obedience to the Constitution and
the laws. It is true they have not been called
upon to shoulder the musket in defense of their
country in its present struggle for existence among
the nations of the world, yet they have given
largely in proportion to their means to the sani-
tary cause, and in times past have bared their
bosoms to the Indian arrow and bullet. They
are attached to the Union. They pay without
murmuring the taxes you impose, though they
have no voice m imposing those taxes. With
them "representationdoes notgo with taxation,"
an evil of which our forefathers bitterly com-
plained. It is true a Delegate from a Territory
may speak and make motions, (though even that
poor privilege was questioned by a gentleman
on the oppositeside of the House yesterday,) but
he has no right to vote. lam not complaining
of this, but what I do complain of is yourabndg-
ing our right tu enact such little local legislation as
may be found necessary from time to time to pro-
vide for and protect our own local interests.
1 repeat, our population is of a permanentehar-
acter, and men are not likely to get into the Le-
gislature who have not the interests of the people
at heart. It was stated m the other branch of
Congress when this bill was under discussion
that the Delegate from the Territory desired the
passage of this bill; that he said the people
were of a transient character, and many men got
into the Legislature who had no interest in the
country, and burdened the people with oppress-
ive taxes; and it was upon such false represent-
ations as these that the biH passed the Senate.
No such opinions were ever entertained or ex-
pressed by me, and no person was ever author-
ized to place me in that position. Whenever the
people of my Territory feel themselves incompe-
tent to exercise what rights they now possess,
and desire the General Government to resume
a portion of them, they are abundantly able to
say so, and it will then be competent for Con-
gress to act upon the matter. Or if any gentle-
man upon this floor will point out wherein they
have misused their rights to the injury of the
General Government, 1 will then listen with some
patience to a proposition to abridge them.
As the Delegate from that Territory this House
will bear me witness that I have not been back-
ward in introducing measures to the consideration
of the House which i thought to be conducive to
the interests of the Territory. Some of those meas-
ures have been favorably considered by the House
and the Senate, and have become laws; otheisare
still sleeping in committees (1 wish 1 had power
to get them out) which have been favorably
considered by them; and other very important
measures to the people of my Territory have been
consigned, 1 fear, to the " tomb of the Capulets."
Had 1 desired the passage of this bill I would
have been very likely to have introduced it and
asked for it the favorable consideration of the
House. If the majority of this House desire to
pass it, they have the power and the right to do
so, but 1 must be allowed to enter my most sol-
emn and emphatic proti-st against it m the name
of the people of my Territory. Were I to neg-
lect doing so I should be alike unirue to myself
and unfaithful to them. I did not know such a
bill was under consideration in,the Senate until tt
had passed that body and came in here for the
concurrence of this House. I tried to send it to
the Committee on Territories, so as to get it out
of the way for this session at least. Failing in
that, and the House, by the vote upon the ques-
tion of reference, indicating a disposition to pass
it, I must be allowed to say that! think itamost
unwise measure, and not calculated to do any
good either to my Territory or to the country.
The question does notpresentitself to the House
in the light of an original proposition in the or-
ganization of a new Territory, when the organic
act is first given the people to govern them, how-
ever questionable its propriety then. But you
propose to take away rights the people have been
accustomed to exercise for sixteen years: five
years as an integral part of Oregon, and eleven
years as citizens of Washington; and that, too,
without cause, without their having betrayed or
violated the trust reposed in them. They will
inquire into the cause of this abridgment of their
liberties. They will feel aggrieved at your action,
and if it is done at the instance of Federal officials
you have sent among them, it will be a cause of
irritation toward them, and may lead to serious
results. You may think it a trifling matter, but
they will think it a serious matter. Parties in
that far-oil* Territory are not altogether divided
upon questions upon which parties are organized
here. The most natural division, and, in fact,
the real division, is that of Federal clique party
and the People's party. It is true all the people
do not belong to the people's party, for you can
find some in every community who can be in-
fluenced by the arguments which power and pa-
tronage can yield, men who
"oionk ih^ prrgiirint hingff of the knee,
Where thuftrnay loilow tawuing."
We are notaltogether free.from them in our Ter-
ritory; yet the substantial citizens are generally
made of different stuff.
As a whole the people of my Territory are a
people it were an honor to serve even in the ca-
pacity of a territorial delegate. I have been idem i-
fied with their interests and that of their immedi-
ate neighbor, Oregon, for nearly fifteen years. I
know their feelings. 1 have witnessed their many
and untold hardships in crossing the sandy plains
and mountain steeps, and in driving back the sav-
age foe, and hewing out homes for themselves and
their children in the forest and praine wilds. I
know the jealousy they feel towaid the stranger
clothed with a <c little brief authority" to rule and
lord over them you send among them upon every
change in the national Administration. And now
if those whom they look upon already as at least
not of them seek to increase their power, by de-
priving them ofa moiety of liberty the}' now pos-
sess, i know the chagrin and mortification it will
cause them. It is true a Territory at best is but a
state of semi-vassalage, yet my Territory has en-
joyed comparative freedom in matters oflocal leg-
islation within the scope of the organic act given
them by Congress, which is quite circumscribed,
yet they have been accustomed to a certain amount
of freedom, and any abridgment of it without
cause will, I repeat, Mr. Speaker, be to them a
sad grievance. We are in a remote section of the
Union. It will be a long, long while before we
will be populous enough for a State. We shall
have to end ure our-terntorial vassalage many years
to come; make it, I entreat you,Mr. Speaker, as
light as possible. Brighten, encourage, build up
a love for the Union and the Constitution of our
beloved country in that weak, dependent, and
distant ward: one day she will repay you torall
the kindness you have displayed and all the favors
you have bestowed upon her. I do not say you
can drive her from yoa by harshness and sever-
ity, but 1 do say it is better to soothe than to
ruffle her spirit. Your income tax, your license
tax, your direct tax, and your import duties, fall
equally upon us as upon yourselves. We pay
all without a murmur. You have increased those
taxes nearly two-fold this Congress. Although
it is taxation, as I said before, without representa-8
lion, yet the people of my Territory will pay it,
believing it to be necessary to sustain the Gov-
ernment m this tiymg ensis; but do not, Mr.
Speaker, insult them by the "passage of this bill
at tin- instance of those who are not sufficiently
identified in feelings and interests with the people
to use the power you propose to rob the people of
to give to them.
If men sometimes find their wa!y into our Le-
gislature who are not sufficiently identified with
the interests of the people to properly represent
them, how can we expect the stranger reared'in
a distant land, intrusted with the lever'of the veto
power, to better that condition of things ? I know
it is said it is but a qualified veto;But'we prefer
no veto to a qualified veto. I know it is said in
other Territories the Governor ib clothed with the
veto power, and in the instance of Utah it is ab-
solute. The old lady, when remonstrated with
for skinning eels alive, said, "Oh! that is noth-
ing; they are used to it; I have done that these
thirty years!" Well, Mr. Speaker, we are not
used to it. It will not help the condition of these
Territories by depriving us of a portion of our
rights. You have been very indulgent toward
us; but yourindulgence has not spoiled us. We
deserve no chastisement; and pray do not inflict
it upon us. With these remarks, Mr. Speaker,
I leave the question, and move to lay the bill on
the table, and on that question demand the yeas
and nays, in order that the people of my Terri-
tory may be apprised who are the men in this
House so anxious to serve them without their
aid being sought.
Mr. THAYER moved that the House adjourn.
REVISION OF LAWS OF DISTRICT 0? COLUMBIA.
Pending the motion to adjourn, Mr, DAVIS,
of New York, by unanimous consent, moved to
take up Senate joint resolution No. 59, to provide
for the revision of the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, reported the following
resolution; which was read, considered,andagreed
to:
Resolved, That there bo printed thirty thousand copies of
the annual lepoit of the Commissioner ofPatents; twenty
thousand for the use of tlie House, and ten thousand for
the Patent O/fice.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution, for
reference:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House he directed, out
of the contingent fund, to pay Colonel John H. McIIenry,
jr., and James II. Birch, lately contesting seats in this
House, each the monthly pay of a member of Congress,
from the beginning of this session to the 1st of June, in-
stant, to reimburse tliera their expenses incurred in con-
ducting said contests.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
The motion to adjourn was then agreed to.
And then (at a quarter to four o'clock, p.m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 8, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read aridapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, the accounts
of the superintendent of Indian affairs for the
southern superintendency for the first quarter of
the year 1864; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States engaged m the manu-
facture and working of marble, remonstrating
against any increase of the present duty on mar-
ble; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
REPORTS FK05I COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred a mi*monal of
Israel Dcm IP" , pi aying to lie rcjii'vei! from the
' far the.' fulfillment of his coiHiaet for iurm.Hhmg
j rations foi'the marines at Washington, Philadel-
I phia, oridTSfew York, for the year 1864, asked
