2796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 8,
to be discharged from its farther consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 504) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the marine
hospital and grounds at Chicago, Illinois, and to
purchase a new site and build a new hospital, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
B96) in relation to the fees and emoluments of the
marsha1 attorney,and clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
HOUSE BILL REFEKKED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 45) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to obtain the title to certain property
in Carson City, and Territory of Nevada, for the
purposes of a branch mint located in said place,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr..Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 216) to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain settlers on the" Rancho Bolsa
de Tomales," in the State of California.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 486) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Idaho,"
approved March 3, 1863; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
were thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore:
A bill (S. No. 28) relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other officers
of the Government;
A bill (S. No. 42) in relation to limitations of
actions in certain cases;
A bill (S. No. 52) to provide for the summary
trial of minoroffenses against the laws of the Uni-
ted States;
A bill (S. No. 256) to change and define the
boundaries of the eastern and western judicial dis-
tricts of Virginia, to alter the name of said dis-
tricts, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 283) to abolish the collection
districts of Port Orford and Cape Perpetua, in the
State of Oregon;
A bill (H. R. No. 355) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to stipulate for the release
from attachment or other process of property
claimed by the United States, and for other pur-
poses; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 60) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph
Railey, of the fourth regiment of Wisconsin vol-
unteers.
BLUE MONT COLLKGB.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that all prior orders
be postponed, and (hat the Senate proceed to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 73) to enable the trustees of
Blue Mont College to perfect title to their land.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend the act to
enable the trustees of the Blue Mont College to
preempt a certain quarter section of land, approved
March 2, 1861, so that the trustees may locate
the college quarter for the use and benefit of the
college with any military bounty land warrant of
the act of 1855, the location to be made in accord-
ance with the rules and regulations of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment, after the word "amend-
ed" in line six to strike out the following words:
That said trustees therein named may locate said college
quaiter for tlic use and benefit of thecoik-gp with any mil-
itary bounty land warrant of the act of J853, said location
to be made in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Commissioner of the General Land Officc.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
As to authorize the legally constituted tuistecs of said
college to locate on said tract of land any tnmtary bounty
land warrant or land warrants issued under the military
bounty land warrant act of 1855, said warrants being the
property of said college, in the name and for the benefit
and use of said college, said location to be made in ac-
cordance with the rules and regulations of the General
Laud Office, and not inconsistent with the provisions of
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed; and its title
was amended to read as follows:
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to enable the
trustees of the Clue Mont College to preempt a certain
quarter section of laud," approved March 2,1861.
CHARGES AGAINST GENERAL BUTLER.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
422) to amend an act entitled "An act to confirm
certain private land claims in the Territory of
New Mexico."
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from New
York allow me a moment to say a word personal
to myself?
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I have received a letter, which
I will read to the Senate:
Headquarters in the Field, June 3, 1864.
Sir: I have read your resolution of inquiry. You can
do me no greater favor than to have every act of iny politi
cal life, which began on the fiist Tuesday of November,
1839, and ended on the 15th day of April, 1861, most thoi-
oughly sciutimzcd.
I will thank you, als-o, to have every aet of my official
life, which began as brigadiei general of the Massachusetts
militia, April J6, 1861, and will end when this war does,
if not sooner, subjected to the like examination. X have
no favors to ask and but one act of justice, that the inqui-
sition may not be ex parte; i. e., one-sided.
Your obedient servant,
BENJAMIN P. BUTLER,
Major General United States Volunteers.
Garrett Davis, Hrembei oflhc Senate of the United
States from Kentucky.
Mr. President, this letter is couched in terms
which every man would suppose an individual,
conscious of his innocence and resenting imputa-
tions againt him, would use. The terms of the
letter certainly appreciate General Butler in my
estimation, and are somewhat primafacic evidence
of his innoccncy, lie may be innocent of the
charges imputed in the resolution which I offered
a few days ago. He may not be innocent. I had
no personal information on the subject. I have
no personal prejudice against General Butler. I
never saw him that I am conscious of. If he and
all men against whom such charges can be made
can challenge in the indignant terms that he uses
an investigation,and come out unscathed by such
an investigation, to me it would afford satisfac-
tion. I am conscious that I never felt an impulse
or a disposition to have an innocent man pun-
ished, nor an innoccntman charged; anditalways
affords me pleasure for a man who is charged and
who is innocent to have an opportunity and be
able to exculpate himself.
General Butler says in this letter that he had
read my resolution. Of course he understands
its terms and its effect. He is a man of ability and
large experience, and no doubt of parliamentary
learning, and fully and corrcclly appreciates the
appropriate effect of the resolution if it should
pass. He not only in this letter desires but he
challenges investigation and scrutiny. Of course
he invites it according- to the terms of the resolu-
tion which I have offered. That resolution is that
a select committee of three be raised by the Chair
to investigate the conduct of General Butler, ac-
cording to the terms expressed in the resolution;
that it have power to su during vacation of the
Senate, and to send for persons and papers. I
understand General Butler to have accepted the
gage, and to take it up justin the form in which it
has been tendered to him. Now, sii, as a Sena-
tor and as a man I feel peifectly confident to du
General Butler justice in this matter; to enter upon j
the investigation and the judgment of his action !
upon the facts that may be collected with an en- j
tirely justjudgment, and to render him justice ac-
cording to the truth of his case.
I therefore hope, in obedience to his wishes and
request, that the Senate will permit the resolution
to be read; that they will vote upon it without any
debate; that they will pass it; that they will au-
thorize the committcc to be raised, and authorize
it to proceed to the execution of the matters which
the resolution would charge it with, as General
Butler seems to desire. 1 therefore ask that the
resolution be read, and that the Senate pass it.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that will be postponed
until after I have passed my bill.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 422) to amend an act entitled
"An act to confirm certain private land claims in
the Territory of New Mexico." It proposes to
amend the sixth section of the act to confirm cer-
tain private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico, approved June 21,1860, so as to enable
the heirs of Luis Maria Baca to raise and with-
draw the selection and location of one of the square
bodies of land confirmed to them by that act, here-
tofore located by them on the Pecos river, adjoin-
ing the Fort Sumner reservation, and to select
and relocate it in the manner provided by that
act, at any time before the 21st of June, 1865, upon
any of the public lands, unoccupied and not min-
eral, within the limits of the Territory of New
Mexico, as those limits were known and defined
by law on the 21st of June, 18G0; and upon such
selection and relocation, the title to that square
body of land—being the one fifth part of the pri-
vate claim confirmed to those heirs—so selected
and relocated, is confirmed to them as fully and
perfectly as if it had been selected and located
within three years from and after the approval of
that act.
Upon such selection and relocation all rights^
title, and interest of those to the square body of
land heretofore selected and located by them on
the Pecos river, adjoining the Fort Sumner reser-
vation in New Mexico, is divested and declared
null and void, and are to revest in the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. HARRIS. It appears that a family by
the name of Baca were entitled to a grant of land
in New Mexico, to a pretty large extent, called
the Los Vegas grant. In June, 1860, Congress
passed a law authorizing the heirs of Baca to lo-
cate this grant in five square bodies upon any
unappropriated lands in New Mexico. They
weie allowed three years within which to make
this location. Those heirs proceeded to locate
their lands. Four of these square bodies were
located; and the location was approved by the
surveyor general ofNew Mexico. In June, 1863,
the fifth body was located on a tract of land a
little less than one hundred thousand acres. It
was located upon the Pecos river, near FortSum-
ner, in that Territory. Since that time the Gov-
ernment have seen fit to locate the Indians of that
region, with which we have been long at war,
upon a reservation; they have selected forty miles
square with Fort Sumner for its center as a re-
serve for these Indians; and they have settled sev-
eral thousand Apache and Navajo Indians upon
that reservation. Thelocation of this fifth square
of this Los Fegasgrantin favor of the heirs of this
Spaniard is in thecenter ofthis Indian reservation,
and it is deemed importantby the Government to
have this location withdrawn and removed to some
other part of the Territory so as to give up the
whole of this forty miles square for the Indians.
It is in the center of the Territory, with Fort Sum-
ner for its center, and the Indians are all around
this location. The provisions of this bill are sim-
ply that the heirs of Baca shall be at liberty to
withdraw their location on the Pecos river and to
relocate it somewhere else upon other unappro-
priated lands in New Mexico.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think this is the most im-
portant bill relating to lands that has come before
this Congress. The act of 1860, referred to by
the Senator from New York, was, to say the least
of it, a very extraordinary act in its provisions.
It allowed private parties declared entitled to a
certain amount of land to locate that land, and
that i believe equal to five hundred thousand
acres. I not right?
Mr. HARRIS. Nearly that.
Mr. CONNESS. Nearly five hundred thousand
acres, to locate it in five different bodies where they
pleased. All the locations in accordance with that
act have been made. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from New York, and of the Senate, to
