1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
shall offer for sale or to soil any article of merchandise of
apy description whatsoever, with a promise, express or
implied, to give or bestow, or in any manner to hold out to
the public the promise of girt or bestowal of any article or
thing for and in consideration of the purchase by any p«f-
son of any other article or thing shall be regarded $ propri-
etor of a gift enterprise under tnip act: Provided) Tlja.t no
>uch proprietor, in consequence of being thus licensed,
shall be exempt from paying any other license or tax re-
quired by law, and the-license herem required bhall be in
addition thereto.
Mr. MORRILL, I move to insert after the
word shall,'' where u occurs, the second time,
the words " sell or," and to strike out the words
" to sell."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL.- I move to add the follow-
ing to the paragraph:
«S (£ provided farther, That this section shall not be con-
strued to authorize such gift enterprises in any State or
Territory where the sam? are or may be prohibited by law.
Subsequently Mr. Creswell withdrew the
amendment, stating that he understood it was pro-
vided in another place.
The Cleik read, as follows:
41. Stallions and jacks, owners of, shall pay ton dollars
for each licence. Every person wlio keeps a male horse or a
jack for i he use of mates, requiring or receiving pay there-
for, shall be required to take out a license under this act,
which shall contain a brief descvipuon of the animal, its
age, and place or places where used or to be used : Pro-
vided, That all accounts, notes, or demands^ tor the use of
any <uc!i Iiomc or jack without a license, as aforesaid,
shall be invalid and of no foice in any court of law or
equity.
Mr.KASSON. I move to make that paragraph
forty-seven, because i thinlc lawyers and doctors
should take precedence. [Laughter.]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I am opposed to that,be-
cause I think it is in its proper place.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to transpose the
phraseology of the paragraph, so as to put the
words " owners of" before " stallions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to strike out " ten"
and insert "twenty-five."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. The paragraph places the tax
high enough already. Tins will be a great hard-
ship upon those who are doing all that they can
to improve the stock of horses and mules.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to make it twenty
dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GR1NNELL. I move to make it fifteen
dollars.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to make it " five"
instead of "ion."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to make it twentydol-
ljirs for stallions and ten for ^acks.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
42. Lawyersshall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person vvho-=e business it is, for fee or reward, to prosecute
or defend causes in any court of record or other judicial
tribunal «if the United States or of any of the States, or give
adv&e in relation to causes or matters pending (herein,
shall be deemed to be a lawyer within the meaning of this
act.
Mr. THAYER. I move to strikeout "advice
in relation to causes or matters pending therein,"
and in lieu thereof to insert " legal advice."
Mr. HOOPER. 1 hope the amendment will
not be adopted. The language of the paragraph
defines the matter best.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SI EVENS. I move to stri ke out " court
of reeoid or other." 1 understand there are in
Wisconsin courts of record which have jurisdic-
tion to $300, and that most of the collection is done
in those courts.
Mr. LLDRIDGE. I do not know but the
amendment is proper enough in itself, but the al-
lusion the gentleman lias made to Wisconsin is
not correct. We have no such courts there.
Mr. STEVENS. I meant Michigan; but I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. UPSON. I move to strike out" of record."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 move to strike out " ten"
and insert " twenty-five."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to make
it fifty.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to insert after the
word " therein" the words "or other legal ad-
vice."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move, after the word "or,"
to insert " professional."
The amendment was disagreed to. .
The Clerk read, as follows:
45. Builders and contractors shall pay twenty-five dol-
lars for each license. Every person whose business it is
to construct buildings, or ships, or bridges, oi canals, or
railroads by contract, shall be regarded as a builder and
contractor under this act: Provided, That no license shall
be required from any person whose building contracts do
not exceed $2,500 in any one year.
Mr. ORTH. I move to amend by striking
out the first clause, and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
Builders and contractors shall pay license as follows, to
wit: where their building contracts exceed $>,500, the sum
of twenty-five dollars for each license; wheie their build-
ing contracts exceed §2,000, the sum of twenty dollars tor
each licej^e; and where their building contracts exceed
$1,500, the sum of fifteen dollars for each license. Every
person whose business itis to construct buildings, orslups,
oi bridges., or canals, or railroada by contract, shall be re-
garded as a builder and contractor under this act.
The object of the amendment is to establish
three grades of contractors. By the provisions
of the bill, ag it is reported from the committee,
there is but one grade of contractors, and only
those whose contracts exceed $2,500 a year are
required to pay a license. All whose contracts
do not exceed thatsum pay nothing. My amend-
ment proposes to establish two grades below that.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr.GRINNELL. I move to amend the section
m line three hundred and ninety-four by inserting
after the word "license" the following:
And if his said contracts m one year exceed m amount
$2,500, he shall pay one dollar on every additional thou-
sand dollars in excess thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, If the gentleman will not
make a speech, we will vote for any amendment
he offers.
Mr. GRINNELL. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
46. Plumbers and gas-fitters shall pay ten dollars for each
license. Every person, firm, oi corporation, whose busi-
ness it is to furnish plumbing materials or fit up plumbing
materials, or to furnish gas-pipes, gas-burners, or othergas-
fixtuies, or to fit the same, shall be regarded a plumber and
gas-fitter within the meaning of this, act.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing a fit-1 the woid " to," where it first occurs, the
word " fit," and by inserting after the next word
" furnish" the words " or sell."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend by
striking out the words " or fit t^p plumbing ma-
terials or to furnish."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out of line four hundred and five the words " or
to fit the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to amend in
line four hundred and two by striking out the
words " firm or corporation." In the four or five
preceding paragraphs those words do not appear
as applied to any other business. I do not see
why the individual members of a firm of plumb-
ers and gas-fitters should not each pay a tax of
ten dollars for a license. As the section now reads
firms or corporations will only bo taxed ten dol-
lars, while physicians, surgeons, architects, build-
ers, contractors, lawyers, &c., are taxed each ten
dollars.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
47. Miners shall pay for each and every license the sum
of ten dollars. Ev* ry person, liim, or company who shall
employ others in the business of mining for coal, lor gold,
bilver, quicksilver,copper, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other
mineral-, who shall not have taken out a license as a man-
ufacturer, shall be regarded as a miner under tins act.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " mining" the words " orwho
shall be engaged in such business other than as
an employe."
Mr. COLE, of California. I am opposed to
the amendment. It will impose a burden upon
persons who frequently make nothing in the mines
of California, it will have a tendency to urive
persons from that employment. The success and
prosperity of the Government depend as much
upon the success of that class'of persons as any
other. This amendment will operate against
those who are emnloyingothers in that business.
Mr. STEVENS, The committee have not been
able to perfect this paragraph with the light of
that information which we ought to have had from
the mining regions, and I propose that by unan-
imous consent we pass over the section now, with
the liberty of going back to it hereafter.
No objection being made, the paragraph was
passed over informally.
The Clerk read, as follows:
48. General business, any person doing, shall pay ten
dollars for each license. Any person, firm, or corporation,
engaged in any business, trade, or piofess'ion whatsoever,
for which no other heense is requited by exiting law,
whose gross annual receipts therefrom exceed the sum of
$1,000, shall be regarded as doing a general business under
this act.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, whom 1 see in his seat, the
meaning of this provision. I am free to say that
it was adopted by the committee when I was not
present.
Mr. MORRILL. I will refer the gentleman
from Kentucky to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. MALLORY. Then I will say before he
makes his remarks, that this seems to me to be a
tax upon industry. It provides that a man en-
gaged in any business for which a license is not
required by this bill to be taken out shall take
out a license. A farmer or a minister who is
not required to take out a license under any other
provision of this bill is required to take out one
under this section. If gentlemen wis!) to sub-
serve the public interest and public morality, they
should tax loafers,and not industrious men,and
if the paragraph is insisted on, I shall move to
apply it to persons not engaged in any business
or pursuit.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection.
Mr. HOOFER. My colleague has leferred to
me for an answer to ,the question of the gentle-
man from Kentucky. I wish to state that 1 find
some difficulty in understanding it,and 1 propose to
amend it by inserting after the woid " doing" in
the first line the word "nothing." [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. That will meet my views
of the matter.
The amendment was agreed to. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER. I also move to strike out the
word " receipts" and insert " disbursements."
The amendment was agreed to. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend by in-
serting before the word "engaged" the word
" not," and also before the word " doing" in the
last line.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr, MALLORY. Now I ask for the reading
of the paragraph as amended.
the paragraph as amended was read, as fol-
lows:
48. General business, any person doing nothing, shall pay
ten dollars tor each license. Any person, firm, or coipo-
ration not engaged m any business, hade, oi protes-^on
whatsoever, tor which no other license is lequned by ex-
isting law, whose gross annual disbursement* theielrom
exceed the sum of $1,000, shall be legaided as not doinga
geneial business under this act.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the whole
paragraph be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I offer the following
amendment:
Page 97, section seventy-six, insert, after line four hun-
dred and twenty, as follows:
44 Loafers shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person without visible occupation,except tli.it of loitering
on hall steps and street corners, shall be deeim d a loafer
within the meaning ot this act. Provided, That membeis
of Congiess and others waiting at the crowing* for tiie
,l street cars" shall not be requited to take out a heense
therefor.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I ask that section seventy-
seven be reserved to allow the Committee or Ways
and Means to offer amendments.
No objection being m^de, the section wi\s passed
over.
