774'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
blood, while In Pennsyvania only 33.67 are of
mixed blood. And hero let me say the latter are
nearly all of southern birth. I remember while
litigation was pending in our courts between two
colored natives of Charleston there were on one
occasion about fifty witnesses in court. Some of
my colleagues remember the occasion. The con-
test was between Robert J.Douglass and Wilkin-
son Jones, and among the fifty witnesses, all of
whom were natives ofCharleston, South Carolina,
and its immediate vicinity, there was not a black or
one white man. They were all of mixed blood.
And in behalf of Pennsylvania, 1 claim that the
South has sent us by far the greater portion of
what we have of that stock. In Alabama the per-
centage of mixed blood is 77.99, and in Vermont
27.08. In Texas it swells to 76.90; in Rhode Isl-
and it sinks to 25.23; in youth Carolina it rises
again to 71.96, notwithstanding her exportations
to Pennsyfvaniuand elsewhere; in Connecticut it
sinks to 72.04. In North Carolina it is 71.59; in
New York it is 15.88. Iri Florida it is 6'8.99; in
New Jersey it is but 13.64. But these, you say,
are freed people; these are persons whose fathers,
unwilling to sell their own blood, have manu-
mitted their children. Let us look, then, to the
statistics of the slave population. I find that by
the census of 1851) there were of mixed blood
among the slave population but 7.30 per cent.;
and in 1860, so busy had the pro-slavery Democ-
racy been in augmenting the numerical power of
the institution,thatthc 7-30 had swollen to 10.41;
and if the negro race is to be saved as a distinct
race, the only way to do it is to take it from the
embrace of the slaveholders, to acknowledge the
humanity of the slave, to give him the rite of mar-
riage, and to teach him those great truths which,
according to the gentleman from New York, in
twelve or fifteen hundred years gave freedom, and
with it morals, to Europe.
Hut enough and something too much of this,
[ndecd, I crave the pardon of the House for hav-
ing followed the gentleman from Ohio so far into
this discussion.
It is not for me, Mr. Speaker, to predict the
fate of races of people. It is not for me to dis-
close the providence of God with reference to our
country. "Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof." JVJy business, and yours, sir, and that
of this House, is to legislate wisely for the remedy
of the evils that now beset our country. The
country, the world, humanity at large needs the
labor of those freedm on upon the broad lands aban-
doned by rebel owners, and I beg the House to
pass this bill as the sure means of securing pres-
ent blessings and future peace and national pros-
perity.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
said further:
'*1 must accept facts accomplished, and abide by the
consequences. Hence I recognize the abolition of si,ivory;
hence I intend to art herealter upon that lecognitton, be-
cause it is inevitable. Ho Car as I have influence I intend
to withdraw that question from the exciting canvass ol' the
day, ami to go before the people upon othei matteis of dif-
ference."
Sir, I hail the gentleman as friend and brother
in the good work of the future. I welcome him
as I hope soon to welcome to the ranks of the
friends of freedom the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox,] who told usthatthe Democratic party
had not been a pro-slavery party, and seemed to
mo to be paving the way for coming forward and
joining those who bear the standard of progress.
Yes, i shall welcome him too, addicted to pcrsi-
ili*£e as he is.
But the gentleman from New York says that
slavery is dead. Let us, then, give it decent
burial. Let us erect to its wicked memory a
monument. Let us clo.se the mouth of the sepul-
cher with a stone so weighty that itshall preclude
the possibility of resurrection. Let us put over it
the Constitution of the United States, having first
written indelibly therein that slavery or involun-
tary servitude, except as punishment for crime,
shall be forever prohibited within the United
States, or any State thereof, orany Territory be-
longing thereto. When we shall have done that,
then slavery will he dead indeed, and the United
States be freedom's harbinger to mankind, offer-
ing perpetual welcome to the oppressed of the
world. Will you, gentlemen, give us a vote for
that amendment, and thus attest the sincerity of
your conversion?
But something more is to be done. Slavery is
not quite dead. It holds a little fastness still in
Kentucky, where slaves are gathered, I am told,
from all the surrounding States; but it is in the
act of death. We may consider it dead, and pass
on to the next duty. Having thus eradicated
chattel slavery, let us unite in securing freedom
to the people who have been its victims. Are
thfey capable of freedom? Are they worthy of
our efforts? Let Messrs. Owen, McKay, and
Dr. Howe speak. They have had ample means
of judging, and have carefully passed upon these
questions. In their report of the American Freed-
men's Inquiry Commission they say:
" The evidence before the commission establishes, be-
yond cavil, the fact that these refugees are, with rare ex-
ceptions, loyal men, putting faith in the Government,
looking to it for guidance and protection, willing to work
for moderate wages if promptly paid, docile and easily man-
aged, not given to quarreling among themselves, of temper-
ate habits, cheerful and uncomplaining under hard labor,
whenever they are treated with justice and common hu-
manity, and (in the southern climate) able and willing, on
the average, to work as long and as hard as white laborers,
whethei toicign or native bom." t
Certainly such people are capableof taking care
of themselves. Letus then give them freedom, in-
deed. We have struck the shackles from their
limbs, but they arc like orphan children. They
need such guidance and assistance at the hands of
the Government as a faithful guardian would be-
stow. They have notowned themselves. Marriage
has been a rite denied them. They were not per-
mitted to identify themselves or their children by
the use of family names. History, science, and
literature have been sealed books to them; nay,it
has been a felony to teach them to read the word
of God! They, their wives and children, have
been numbered, counted, bought, and sold, with
horses, cows, and other cattle on the plantations
of their owners. This can be no more. They
are sober, industrious, and skilled in the labor
which is required to make these broad acres pro-
ductive, and all that they need is guidance, fair
play in the battle of life, and fair wages for fair
day's work. Let us, then, by the provisions of
this*hill, secure these things to them, and they
will prove their fitness for liberty.
But the gentleman [Mr. Brooks] says they
will be destroyed; that a harsh and superior race
will exterminate them; that liberty is no boon to
them. In this he asserts the theory of the despot
and the aristocrat of every age and country. No
man is, in their judgment, fit for freedom till he
has got used to Us enjoyment. 1 tell you, sir,
that liberty is not a superstition, a name, an un-
certain tradition. Itisafact. Itis well embodied
in our political institutions, and is confirmed by
the equal social and political life of New Eng-
land. Freedom, sir, is for the laborer
u Bread
And a comely table spread,
When Horn daily labor come,
In a neat and happy home.
Jt it; clothes and fire and food
Tor the uampled multitude."
Let us pass this bill. Let the commissioners it
calls into being see that these abandoned estates
are leased. Letthefreedman feel that ho is a man
with a home to call his own, and a family around
him, a wife to protect, children to nurture and
rear, wages to be earned and received, and a i ight
to invest his savings in the land of the country,
and you will find that no race will prove itself
able to blot out of existence these hardy children
of toil. According to the gentleman's theory, the
Irish race is rapidly disappearing from the world.
Look at the census and behold its frightful ex-
hibit. In 1841 the population of Ireland was
8,175,124. in 1861, after a lapse of but twenty
years, it had shrunk to 5,764,543. Is the Irish
element therefore disappearing? Sir, it is making
an empire of Australia. It is taking advantage of
our ridiculously misnamed reciprocity treaty with
Canada, and building up a rival power beyond the
lakes. The names of Corcoran, Mulligan, and
Meagher tell you what it is doing in our midst.
Although the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Har-
rington] would exclude the Celt from the right
of citizenship and confine it to the Anglo-Saxon
merely, the day never was when the Irish ele-
ment of humanity was exercising so wide, so
powerful, so beneficentan influence as it does to-
day, when the little island of Ireland isapparently
being depopulated. You need not fear that this
black race will fade away. Give these people
homes, give them the sense of proprietorship m the
land, give them families to cherish, give them the
pleasures and power of science, literature, philos-
ophy, and the hopes of religion, and you need not
fear that you can corrupt them as you have done
in slavery or annihilate them by your power.
The glowing South, the land of the tropics, genial
to them, invites its own development and will in-
sure that of this race.
The people of the South understand this mat-
ter better than we. I find in the New Orleans
Times of December 16 the proceedings of the
convention of the friends of freedom in the State
of Louisiana. It was largely attended by the
ablest and best men of New Orleans and the con-
tiguous parishes. Thomas J. Durant, Esq., who
for thirty years has illustrated the glorious pro-
fession of law at the bar of Louisiana, presided,
and, on taking the chair, said: *
"Fellow-citizens of the convention, friends of the cause
of human freedom and of liberty, I feel greatly oppressed
by the sentiments which crowd upon me with overpower-
ing influence as I thank you, before taking my seat in the #
honoiable position to which yourvoices have assigned me,
for the honor you have conferred oti me. You are assem-
bled in a great and sacied cause. It is the cause for which
your forefathers fought; the cause for which your brothers,
on many a battle-field, are falling and dying. It is the sa-
cred cause of liberty. We are prompted to the execution
of the task which we have undertaken by evety sentiment
of justice and humanity; of justice to ourselves a-* men
representing the great principles of freedom in the State of
Louisiana, and to those wearing th.e bonds of slavery, but
whose bonds are now to be broken. This convention is
the first deliberative body in Louisiana thatwill have pio-
claimed the freedom of all men. No matter with how dark
a hue their skins may be embrowned, beneath the surface
there is the soul of a man, and therein we jecogmze the
great principle of equality and fraternity. It is the asser-
tion of this principle which will lead to the reconstruction
of our country. It is by the destruction of slavery that,
phcenix like, will rise fiom the ashes of this rebellion the
spirit of a new freedom. Out ot" this insurrection will grow
a resurrection that will lead us to a glorious immortality."
The men of Louisiana who know the colored
people of that State believe that they are fit for
freedom, and do not fear their extermination. I
find in the same paper—the New Orleans Times
of the 9th instant—an elaborate report of the pro-
ceedings of a mass meeting of eolored people of
New Orleans, held in lyceum hall the preceding
evening. I read a more condensed account of
the meeting taken from the columns of a leading
New York journal, remarking thatits statements
are ali sustained by the report to which I have
referred:
"A meeting of the colored people of this city was held
last evening in the lyceum hall to meet Colonel McKay,
oneofthe commissioner* appointed by the President toin-
vestigate the condition of the negroes emancipated by act
of Congress and the President's proclamation of January
L, 1863. Long before the hour of commencement every
seat m the vast hall was filled, and soon the aisles and all
available standing-places weie densely packed above and
below.
" It is no exaggeration to say that nmorp re«pectable au-
dience, so far as external appearances were conccrned, was
never assembled in New Orleans. The female pomon es-
pecially were as well dressed and looked as tidy and as
genteel as the audience to be found in your fashionable
churches on the Sabbath. Many of the quadroons and oc-
toioons were of surpassing beauty, and in every line of
their countenance expressed intelligence, refinement, and
good-breeding.
"The white gentlemen piesont, who had spent much
time anions; the degraded negroes on the Sea Islands of
South Carolina, were astonished to Imd before them ari au-
dience so fashionably dre^ed, so intelligent in appearance,
ami in every lespect so thoioughly competent to undei-
stand al! that should be said to them. It is also mtei eating
to know that thfcs lyceum hall is in the court-house; that
it is the largest room in the city; that the city authorities
have always refused permission to the negioes to hold
meetings there, and that in this instance it was obtained
only upon the oider of Governor Shepley, at the request of
Colonel McKay.
"it was in this hall that the convention met to carry the
State out of the Union, and it was here that the ordinance
of secession was drafted.
"The Rev. S. W. Rogers was appointed president of the
meeting. The proceedings opened with prayer by a cler-
gyman present, after winch the chairman stated the object
of their assembling together. He then introduced Colonel
McKay, the commissioner fiom the President.
"This gentleman on taking the stand was received with
great applause. In a short address he stated to the audi-
ence that the people of the North and the President felt the
deepest interest in the condition of the colored population
of tins city, and that the President had sent him heie as a
special commissioner to inquire into their condition and
ascertain their wishes. He had visited their schools and
was very favotably impressed with the progress they were
making. They must go on in the work they had com-
menced, and must depend in a great measure upon their
own labors for their salvation.
"To be really free before the law involved great respons-
ibilities. You have not only lights to achieve but duties to
perfoim—duties to yourselves, mdivtdually, to your fami-
lies, and to the community at large. Your enemies soy that
you are not susceptible of a high degree of cultivation, that
>out Creator never designed that you should be Iruu men,
