1864.
m& OOMMESSlOHAIi &L0B1.
1881
The seventy-ninth section was read, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no license hereinbefore
piovided for, if granted, shall be construed to authorize
the commencement or continuation of any trade, business,
occupation, or employment therein mentioned, within any
feiate or Teiritory of the United States in which it is. or
shall be specially prohibited by the latvs thereof, or in vio-
lation of tiie laws of any State or Territory: Provided, That
nothing in this act shall be held or construed so as to pre-
vent the seveiai States, within the limits thereof, from
placing a duty, tax, or license, for State purposes, on any
business, matter, or tiling on which a duty, tax, or license
is required to be paid by this act.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to aslc the gentleman
who has this bill in charge if that section ought
not to be stricken out?
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out that
Section. It has already been provided for in sec-
tion seventy-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish, by general con-
sent, to ask a question of the committee. There
are two or three provisions in section sixty-nine
of the old law which are omitted in section eighty-
two of this bill, which corresponds to that.
Mr. STEVENS. They will be provided for
in a general section which we intend to offer.
The eighty-third section was read.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 102, section eighty-
three, 1 move to insert, aftei the words 44 manu-
factured articles," the words "or articles pro-
duced. " In line four, after the word "manu-
factured," I move to insert 14 or produced." On
line fite, after the word " manufacturer," I move
to insert " or producer." On line twenty, page
103, after the word 44 manufacturers," I move to
insert 44 or producers." On line twenty-two,
after the word 44 manufactured," 1 move to insert
"or produced." On line twenty-four, I move to
insert, after the word 44 manufacture," the words
44 or production." In line twenty-five, 1 move to
strikeout 44 person," and insert 44 persons or par-
ties."
The question was taken on the amendments
collectively, and they were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add at-theend of
the section the following:
Articles which the collector may adjudge perishable may
be sold ordiJ-posed of before the declaiation of forfeiture;
said friUe shall be made <•'. public auction, and notice thereof
shall be given m the sr ne manner as is provided in thix
■section in cbses ot forfeiture.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to add at the end of
line forty-eight the words "owner, or, if he can-
not be found, to the;" so that it will read:
Provided, That the proceeds of the sale of said articles,
it any there be alter deducting the duties thereon, together
with the expenses of summons, advertising, and sale, or
the excess of the value ofs aid articles, after deducting the
duties and expenses accrued thereon when turned over to
the ihc of any depai uncut of the Government, shall be re-
funded and paid to the owner, or, if he cannot be found, to
the manufacturer, or to the per>on in whose custody or
possession theaiticles were when seized.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to insert afterthe word
44 manufacturer," in the forty-ninth line, the
words 44 or producer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. It is now about the hour for
taking a recess, and 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washbtjrne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration,
as a special order, the internal revenue bill, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House now
take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agteed to; and the House ac-
cordingly took a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
UNITED STATES CONVICTS.
Mr. WILSON asked leave to report back from
the Committee on the Judiciary an act (S. No.
172) concerning the disposition of convicts fiom
courts of the United States for the subsisting of
persons confined in jails, charged with violating
the laws of the United States, and for diminishing
the "expenses in relation thereto.
Objection was made,
GEORGETOWN WATBR TAX.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move that Senate
bill No. 129 be taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 12ft)
to amend an act entitled 44 An act to authorize the
corporation of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, to lay and collect a water tax, and for
other purposes," approved May 21, 1862, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
INTERNAL H1CVEN0B.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Washbttrne, of Illi-
nois, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration,
as a special order, of the internal revenue bill.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the ninety-
third section by striking out of the proviso in the
paragraph taxing coals the words4* for all," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words 44 in case of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the same
paragraph by striking out the words 44 before the
1st day of April, 1862," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words 44 prior to the passage of this
act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the same par-
agraph by inserting after the word 44 tax" the
words 44 if not otherwise-agreed to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. 1 move to amend the same par-
agraph by strikingout the words 44 at the mines."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the same par-
• agraph by striking out the words 41 made pnorto
July 1, 1862," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words 44 heretofore made."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the same par-
agraph by inserting at the end thereof the words
44 if not otherwise agreed by the parties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The paragraph, as amended by these several
amendments offered by Mr. Ka?sok, reads as fol-
lows:
On all mineral coal4, except such as are known fn the
trade as pea coal and dust coal, aduty of five cents-perton:
Provided, That in case ot contacts of lease of coal lands
made prior lo the passage of this act the lessee shall pay
the tax, if not otherwise agreed to ; and all duties or taxes
on coal mined and delivered by coal operators on contracts
heretofore made shall be paid by the purchasers thereof,
it not otherwise agreed by the parties.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 move to amend the par-
agraph by striking out the words 44 pea coal and."
Pea coal is an article of commerce.
Mr, STEVENS. It does not sell at Italf the
price of ordinary coal.
Mr. DENiSON. The tenant never pays any-
thing for this kind of coal to the landlord, because
it does not pay the expenses of taking it out. It
is the refuse coal J and should not be taxed, be-
cause it is not worth anything to anybody to take
to maiket.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DENJSON. I move to amend the par-
agraph by inserting after the word 44contracts"
the words 41 made prior to the 1st of January,
! 1865." The contracts for these coal lands are made
for the whole year up to the close of navigation.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say to my colleague
that if the contracts are made before the passage
of this act, it is no matter when delivery is made.
Thus it operates as he desires it.
Mr. DENISON. If that is the understanding
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out the duty of five cents per
ton and inserting ten cents. 1 see that in the next
paragraph a duty of ftv* rent* rwr gallon w im-
posed on oil. " t&th of sbese ani&lek are of prims
necessity. I do not See whyoo&iCannot'£ftaml:&
duty of ten cents h toti if oil can sian& a tatx of
five cents a galled, I do wot see why this dls*
crimination should have freefi triads t y the Q&m 
rmttee of Ways and Means, and T would like 4&
have some information from the gentleman ffofij
Vermont, who is not particularly Tnterested in the
subject. • : i
Mr. MORRILL. I am not, nor in afcy other*
Mi*. Chairman, 1 am very sorry that -the gentle*
m&n requires any information upon this subject*
If the gentleman would bring In a proposition
striking down the reciprocity treaty he could then
tax these coals much as he pleases. But
even five cents a ton upon them is but&premium
to that Extent upon Nova Scotia coal. I have
very great doubt whether we-are justified in im-
posing any tax at all upon this article.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. UPSON. 1 Itoove to Uttiend the ninety*-
third section, in the forty-first line, by'striking
out from the word "return'* dfrwnto and includ-
ing the word " sold," fn the forty-third line, as
follows:
And nll'gaa 'company's are hfcrebywithotteedto addthe
duty or tax imposed by law to the price per thoutmndfcttbfc
-feet on gas sold.
Mr. MORRILL. That clause was inclosed 4ft
the bill for this reason: in the ch&rterfe'of mafoy
of the companies the price of gas was fixed when
the price of coal was comparatively low. it ia
Known, however, to every--gtirftfetnfen that within
the last two years the price of fcoal has risen to
nearly double what it had been for many years
previously. These companies carmot increase
their price of gas, and it seemsrather hard to im-
pose this tax upon them Unless we permit theift to
add it to the price charged consumers.
Mr. KERNAN. I trust that reason will not
prove sufficient in this House.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. KERNAN. To make it in order f will
move to amend the amendment by striking outthe
last word. This provision is entirely unnecessary,
of course, unless it be for the purpose of over-
riding State law& -which'prohibit these companies
from increasing the pritfe of gem upon their con-
sumers. The State tows, as all gentlemen know.,
have left a very liberal nrtergin to these compa-
nies, and I trust, therefore, that fhese words itfill
:be stricken out.
Mr. STEVENS. There atfe many com paniete
in the country which have not, for the last year,
divided a single farthing,!&nd among them theeorft-
pany in this'city. And it is utterly impossible
to make them pay this tax without giving them
the right to charge it to their consumers. Sotnfe
of them do it, but-theydo'it by using ihe<poorefet
quality of coal «t the -lowest price, instead of
making their gas-out of the best article.
It is-known that in many States they cannot
charge, under their charters, their Customers be-
yond a certain amount. Tins is-true in respect
to nearly all the companies in" Pennsylvania.
Without the tax they-are not now realizing aeem.
Nay,tnost of them, at the present price of mate-
rial, are compelled to make a poor article in order
to be able-to furnish it at all. -Heretofore it has
been 'very different. But under these circum-
stances all that can be done, if you are to tax these
companies at all and still leave them in existence,
is to allow them to charge *he tax upon the con-
sumer. Unless we do that we-shall be obliged to
withdraw the tax altogether, or tax these com-
panies out of existence.
The amendment to the amendment was-with-
drawn.
Mr. GANSON. I renew the amendment. >1
think if this tax is to be imposed at all it should
be imposed upon the person who is to pa5y it,
and that is the consumer. The idea of allowing
these gas companies to make their customefs
buy up their tax is-simply dodging the question.
Now, sir, l know that at4eaet in the State of
New York there are no more profitable invest-
ments than the stocks of these gas companies,
and I never heard of a company organized any-
where that did -not make'to its stockholders large
dividends, and it iska very singular fact to me if
they cannot afford topay-thfs tax.
But i do not see any propriety m laying this
tax^at-all unless it Is to.be laid directly, k i*va
tnf>rethe shape in which it is nmv, so
