1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
the fact that since the last location so made there j
has been more development of the resources of I
the Territory of New Mexico, particularly of its
mineral resources and wealth, than had ever taken
place before that time. Since that period the
country has been occupied by a very large num-
ber of American soldiers, every man of whom is
an experienced miner, all of them having been
raised in the State of California. Very many of
them, located at the posts in the interior, have
given their attention at intermediate periods to
mining, and many of their friends have been in-
duced to follow them; so that at the present time
there is a white population, experienced in dis-
covering the precious metals, throughout the two
Territories of Arizona and New Mexico. Until
a recent period the population of both those Ter-
ritories was confined almost exclusively toper-
sons of Mexican origin. They are now being
opened up to the settlement of our own people,
as I before observed, entirely experienced in the
search for the precious metals.
I had a series of conversations lately with a
very intelligent officer from New Mexico, who
was absent on leave. He considers himself the
owner by discovery of one of the most valuable
silver mines perhaps on the continent. He had
with him some small blocks of silver which was
the product of some of the ores submitted to test
by him. He told me in the series of conversa-
tions I had with him that New Mexico and Ari-
zona were undoubtedly the richest portions of
the United States in the precious metals,particu-
larly in silver; that they but awaited the estab-
lishment of law and protection to capital, and for.
the introduction of capital and its application to
those mines, to add to the wealth of the United
States enormously. Now you propose at this
period of time to allow one hundred thousand
acres of land to be selected where these heirs will
in that Territory.
I submit that if the question of mineral lands
was not concerned or involved at all, whether the
act of 18G0 gave the power to these heirs to thus
locate these large bodies of land or not; they hav-
ing once exercised that power and privilege, it is
a very dangerous proceeding now to authorize
them to relocate at this time as large a body as
one hundred thousand acres without even the
surveillance of the General Land Office or land
department of the United States. If we should
give them this power, they would be the veriest
fools in the wotld and the most neglectful of their
interests, if they did not make themselves us rich
as Cicesus by the operation. Look upon the
map that 1 have upon my desk here, and take the
Mariposa grant in California. 1 cannot name
the number of acres in it; but it js, 1 believe,
largely within the amount of one hundred thou-
sand acres; and that property has changed hands
recently, and is now stocked for $10,000,000.
There is not a silver mine upon it. It is but rich
in its minerals to the extent that it contains gold,
and mines of gold are always more precarious,
more uncertain, and less continuous, as has been
discovered by miners and by all experience, than
mines of silver.
I submit it to the honorable Senator from New
York, as well as to the Senate, that before any-
thing further should be done with this bill, a very
careful investigation should be made. I am not
aware of the extent to which the committee from
which this bill has come to the Senate have in-
vestigated the matter; but I think that from what
I have said it will be seen that it is a very danger-
ous power to grant even with restrictions such as
we might impose by amendments that might be
offered and adopted to the bill. With this state-
ment of the case and suggestion, I have done.
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator from Caiifornis
had had an opportunity to give a little closer at-
tention to the provisionsof this bill the line of his
argument would have been changed. The bill
expressly prohibits these heirs from locating their
grant upon mineral lands. They are not allowed
to go upon the mineral lands in New Mexico and
locate upon them.
Again, sir, this square body of land which is the
subject of this bill has been located within a year
past. The location was on the 25th of June last.
I will state further that it is not the heirs who
make this application for a change of location,
but it is the Government. The Government needs
this land for its own purposes; ami to show that
this is so and that this is not a subject that has
been acted upon without sufficient proof, I will
read a paragraph or two from the letter of the
surveyor general of New Mexico upon the sub-
ject. He
" By reference to the inclosed map of New Mexico, you
will see that the Indian reserve covers the fifth location
made by the heirs of Baca as above; but to disembarrass
the Government the heir? have signified (through their at-
torney, Judge Watt?,) their willingness to remove this lo-
cation, provided they shall be authorized to relocate the
same under the same conditions, except as to time, pro-
vided in the original act of confirmation. The act now be-
fore Congress as above, authorizes this change of location,
and gives them until 21st June, 1865, to make their new
selection. This is little time enough, considering that it
is unsafe now to move outside of the settlements in New
Mexico without military protection. The justice and ne-
cessity of the act can, I think, but commend itself to your
favorable consideration.
"The Navajo tribe of Indians, for whom with theApaches
the reserve on the Pecos is made, have consented to leave
their country west of the Itio Giande, and remove with
their flocks and herds to the Pccos. Already several thou-
sands of them have readied their new home. The people
of New Mexico are hopefully looking forward to the day
when they shall have peace throughout their Territory, a
condition of things not often nor for long periods enjoyed
by that people."
It goes on further to state the importance of lo-
cating these Indians on this tract, with FortSum-
ner as its center, where these Indians can be pro-
tected, and where the people can be protected
against them.
Mr. CONNESS. I have but to say in conclu-
sion that a statement from the surveyor general
of New Mexico—whom I do not know—does not
appear to me to be sufficient grounds upon which
to pass this bill. It too often happens—I do not
know that it is so in this case—that surveyorgen-
erals do not sufficiently consider the public inter-
ests. I hold in my hand, for instance, now, an arti-
cle from aleading paper in San Francisco, going to
show that asurveyor general of the United States
in that State, a gentleman who has a very high
reputation for ability and integrity, has absolutely,
according to this statement, used his office to aid
a few private parties in locating school land war-
rants upon nearly seven thousand acres of land
within the corporate limits of the city of San Fran-
cisco; that the knowledge that the land was sur-
veyed as public land never was published by him
until the parties entered the register's office at
San Francisco with the warrants to locate theland.
An act of this kind certainly shows that we
should not rely upon the statement of a surveyor
general.
But, §ir, my purpose is not to embarrass the
proceedings of the honorable Senator in asking
for the passage of this bill, but to do my duty in
making such suggestions as 1 think are due in the
premises. I will say in conclusion, that in my
opinion it will be very difficult indeed to locate
one hundred thousand acres of land in a solid body
in that Territory now, without including mineral
lands within it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, Buckalcw, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doohttle, Fes&endon, Foster, Hdrlan, Harris,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, i'omeroy, Uam&ey, Richardson,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Willey—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Conness, Davi<i, Grimes, Henderson,
Ilcndiicks. McPougall, and Powell ~-7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Cowan, Dixon, Foot,
Hale, Harding, Hicks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of
Kansas, Morrill, Nesnutli, ltiddle, Sunlsbury, Sherman,
Spiugue, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Wright—21.
So the bill was passed.
JURISDICTION OF FOREIGN CONSULS.
Mr. SUMNER, I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
487, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations. It is somewhat important that it should
be acted upon at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 487) to provide for the
execution of treaties between the United States
and foreign nations respecting consular juris-
diction over the crews of vessels of such foreign
nations in the waters and ports of the United
States.
In all cases where it may have been or shall
hereafter be stipulated by treaty or convention
between the United States and any foreign nation
to the effect thatthe consul general,consuls, vice
consuls, or consular or commercial agents of the
two nations, respectively, shall have exclusive
jurisdiction of controversies, difficulties, or dis-
orders arising at sea or in the waters or ports of
the one nation, between the master or other offi-
cer or officers and any of the crew, or between
any of these last themselves, of any ship or vessel
belonging to the other nation, such stipulations
are to be executed and enforced within the juris-
diction of the United States, but before this act is
to take effect as to the ships and vessels of any
particular nation having such treaty with the
United States, the President of the United States
is to be satisfied that similar provisions have been
made for the execution of such treaty by the other
contracting party, and issue his proclamation to
that effect, declaring this act to be in force as to
such nation.
In all cases within the purview of this act the
consul general, consul,or other consular or com-
mercial authority of such foreign nation charged
with the appropriate duty in the particular case,
may make application to any court of record of
the United States, or any judge, or to any com-
missioner appointed under the laws of the United
States,to take bail oraffidavits,orforotherjudicial
purposes whatsoever, setting forth that such con-
troversy, difficulty, or disorder has arisen, briefly
stating tlie nature of it, and when and where it
occurred, and exhibiting a certified copy or extract
of the shipping articles, roll, or other proper pa-
per of the ship or vessel, to the effect that the per-
son in question is of the crew or ship's company
of such ship or vessel; and further stating and
certifying that such person has withdrawn him-
self, or is believed to be about to withdraw him-
self, from the control and discipline of the master
and officers of the ship or vessel, or that he has
refused, or is about to refuse, to submit to and
obey the lawful jurisdiction of such consular or
commercial authority in the premises; and fur-
ther stating and certifying that, to the best of the
knowledgeand belief of theofficer certifying, such
person is not a citizen of the United States; and
thereupon such judge, commissioner, or other
judicial officer, on inspection of such application,
the same being in writing and duly authenticated
by the consular or other sufficient official seal, is
to issue his warrant for the arrest of the person
so complained of, directed to the marshal of the
United States for the appropriate district, or in
his discretion to any person, being a citizen of
the United States, whom he may specially depute
for the purpose, requiring such person to be
brought before him for examination at a certain
time and place; and if on such examination it
shall be made to appear thatthe person so arrested
is a citizen of the United States,he is to be forth-
with discharged from arrest and left to the ordi-
nary course of law. But if this shall not be made
to appear, and such judge, commissioner, or other
judicial authority shall find upon the papers here-
inbefore referred to a sufficient prima facie case
that the matter concerns only the internal order
and discipline of such foreign ship or vessel, or,
whether in its nature civil or criminal, does not
affect directly the execution of the laws of the
United States or the rights and duties of any cit-
izen of the United States, he is forthwith, by his
warrant, to commit such person to prison where
prisoners under sentence of a court of the United
States may be lawfully committed, or to the mas-
ter or chief officer of such foreign ship or vessel,
in his discretion, to be subject to the lawful or-
ders, control, and discipline of the master or chief
officer for the time being of such ship, and to the
jurisdiction of the consular orcommercial author-
ity of the nation to which such ship or vessel may
belong, to the exclusion of any authority or juris-
diction in the premises of the United States or any
State. The expenses of the arrest and the deten-
tion of the person so arrested are to be paid by
the consul general, consuls, or vice consuls; and
no person is to be detained more than two months
after his arrest, but at the end of that time is to
be set at liberty, and is not again to be arrested
for the same cause.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
