194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the Untied States.
' Creek Nation.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
" at five Jier centum per .annum, as permanent an-
nuity, to be paid them in money, ox for such
mechanical labor or useful articles as the Secre-
tary of the Iriterior may from time to time direct,
- per third article treaty. September three, eighteen
.jliuridr^d an3 sixty-three, for the fiscal year end-
' ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
tpn tljousand dollars, payable on condition that
' the said nation ratify the amendments made by
•i. the Senate.
For payment of first installment, to be expended
for their benefit'in the purchase of stock, horses,
. sheep,.clqthing, and such other articles as the
'.Secretary of the Interior, with the council pf said
rtfttionj fnay direct, per fourth article of . treaty
"September three,, eighteen hundred and sixty-
th'ree, as amended by the Senate, for the, fiscal
, year endipg June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five', forty thousand dollars, payable on
condition that the said nation ratify the amend-
ments made by the Senate.
Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina.
For this amount as annuity to be paid per
capita to the Red Lake band of Chippewas dur-
ing the pleasure of the President, per third arti-
cle of treaty October second, eighteen hundred
sixty-three, and sccond article supplementary
to treaty April twelve, eighteen hundred sixty-
four, approved April twenty-five, eighteen hun-
dred sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
' For this amount to thePembina band of Chip-
pewas, per same article arid treaty, during the
pleasure of the President, five thousand dollars.
For thejirstof fifteen installments tobe expend-
ed annually foj the purpose of supplying them
. .ifithgilling-tyvine, cotton-matter, calicoes,linsey,
blankets, sheeting, flannels, provisions, farming
tools, and for such other useful articles, and for
such other useful purposes, as may be deemed for
their best interests, per third article of the sup-
plementary treaty April twelve, eighteen hun-
dred sixty-four, eighteen thousand dollars.
For the first of fifteen installments for same ob-
jects, for the Pembina band of Chippewas, per
third article of the supplementary treaty April
twelfth, eighteen hundred'sixty-four, four thou-
sand dollars.
For the first of fifteen installments for pay of
one blacksmith, ono physician who shall furnish
medicine for tlm sick, one miller, and one farmer,
per fourth article supplementary treaty April
twelve, eighteen bundled and sixty-four, three
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For first of fifteen installments for the purchase
of iron and steel, and other articles for black-
smithing purposes, per fourth article supple-
mentary treaty April twelve, eighteen hundred
sixty-four, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of fifteen installments to be expended
for carpentering and other purposes, per fourth
article supplementary treaty April twelve, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, one thousand dol-
lars.
For this amount to be expended in building a
saw mill, with a run of mill-stones attached, per
, fifth article supplementary treaty April twelve,
eighteen hundred sixty-four, six thousand dol-
lars.
For this amount to be paid to the chiefs of said
bands, through their agents, per fourth article
treaty October second, eighteen hundred sixty-
three, as amended March first, eighteen hundred
sixty-four, and modified by the sixth article sup-
plementary treaty April twelve, eighteen hun-
dred sixty-four, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For this amount for- the payment of claims of
injured persons for depredations committed by
said Indians on the goods of certain British and
American traders, at the mouth of Red Lake
river, and for exactions forcibly levied on the
proprietors of steamboats plying on Red river,
to be paid in full, and the remainder to be paid
pro rata upon the debts of said tribe incurred
since the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, to be ascertained by the agents in
connection with the chiefs, per fourth article
treaty October second, eighteen hundred sixty-
three, as amsnded March first, eighteen hundred
sixty-four, and modified by the sixth article sup-
plementary treaty April twelfth, eighteen hun-
dred sixty-four, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For this amount to defray the expense of cut-
ting out a road from Leach lake to Red lake, per
fifth article of treaty October second, eighteen
.hundred sixty-three, five thousand dollars.
For the first of fifteen installments to defray
the expense of a board of visitors, to consist of
not more than three persons, to attend upon the
annuity payments of the said Chippewa Indians,
whose salary shall not exceed five dollars per
day, nor more than twenty days, and ten cents
per mile traveling- expenses, and not to exceed
three hundred miles, per sixth article of treaty
October second, eighteen hundred sixty-three,
three hundred and ninety dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and material for build-
ing mill, including machinery, iron and steel for
blacksmiths, etc.,fortheChippewasof Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, ten thousand dollars.
For t,bis amount to defray the expense of bring-
ing on the delegation of Chippewas of Red Lake
and Pembina tribe, and to defray their expenses
while detained in the city of Washington, in
making treaty, and their return to their home, ten
thousand dollars.
For this amount to defray the expense of a
board of visitors, to consist of not more [than]
three persons, to attend upon the annuity pay-
ments of the Chippewas of the Mississippi, and
the Pillager and Lake Winnebagoshisli bands of
Chippewa Indians in Minnesota, whose salary
shall not exceed five dollars per day, and not to
be employed more than twenty days to attend
upon any one payment and the duties connected
therewith, and ten cents per mile for travel, not
exceeding three hundred miles, per Senate amend-
ment to seventh article treaty March eleventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
sixty-four, three hundred and ninety dollars.
Same for fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eigh-
teen hundred sixty-five, three hundred and ninety
dollars.
miscellaneous.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service m California, including traveling
expenses of the superintendent and agents, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and farm-
ing tools for Indians in California, fifty-live thou-
sand dollars.
For the compensation of five extra clerks em-
ployed in the Indian office, under the acts of fifth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
March,eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and under
appropriations made from year to year, seven
thousand dollars.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry out the regulations prescribed to giveeffect
to the seventh section of the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty
lands to Indians, fourteen hundred dollars.
For compensation of two extra clerks in the
Indian office, employed to carry out the treaty
with the Chickasaws in the adjustment of their
claims, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan, twenty thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars anu sixty-two cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of Pawnee, Ponca, and
Yancton Sioux annuity goods and provisions, ten
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfeet Indians for the
year, seventeen thousand dollars.
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Oregon and Washington Territory, in-
cluding insuiance and transportation of annuity
goods and presents, (where no special provision
therefor is made by treaties,) and office [and]
traveling expenses of the superintendent and sub-
agents, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territory (not parties to any treaty) and for
pay "of necessary employes, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
Indian Servace [Seruice] in Nevada Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territory of Dakota, including the
purchase of goods and other articles, with a view
to the preservation of peace, ten thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Utah Territory.
For the genera! incidental expenses of the
Indiaii seivice in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, ngrieultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes ami sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for the
Indian service in Utah Territory, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary expenses
of delivery of provisions, &c., to the Indians
within the Utah superintendfency, for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, twenty-two thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Indian Service in Coloraitt [c] Territory.
For the general incidental expenses' of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of thelnterior, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Cherokee Nation.
. For interest on the "abstracted bonds" belong-
ing to the national funds, fourteen thousand three
hundred and eighty-five dollars.
Forintereston the "abstractedbonds" belong-
ing to the school fund, three thousand two hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
For interest on the proceeds of sales of school
lands in Alabama, sold at different times from and
including the second quarterof the year eighteen
hundred and fifty, to December thirty-one, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, computed to March first,
one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, six-
teen thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight dol-
lars and four cents.
For subsistence and clothing, and general in-
cidental expenses of the Sisseton, Wahpaton,
Medawakanton,and Wahpakoota bands ofSioux
or Dakota Indians, at their new homes, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents of
goods,agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona, pres-
ents of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in per-
manent abodes and to sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to set-
tle the claims and carry into effect the provisions
of the second article of the treaty of May thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, with the
confederated tribe of Kaskaskia, Peoria, Pian-
keshaw, and Wea Indians, three thousand one
bund red and sixty-four dollars and fifty-one cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of thelnterior be, and be is hereby, author-
