1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
It was found that within the last year the expor-
tation of the article increased vastly in proportion
to the exportation of the crude article. The con-
sequence is that the Government realizes practi-
cally by no means the amount of revenue that-
gentlemen would anticipate from this tax, because
of the drawback allowed on the large amount ex-
ported to foreign countries; and the committee
have come to the conclusion that it is as nearly
just as it can possibly be put at this time, at
twenty-five cents per gallon. The friends and
constituents of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will realize largely under the provision allowing
a drawback, and can well afford to bear the bur-
dens that this will impose upon them. I hope the
Committee of the Whole will sustain the decision
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. Upson's amendment to the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. A. MYERS, I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont by striking
out the word "five," so as to leave the bill as it
stood originally. As has been remarked by my
colleague, [Mr. Scofield,] this is emphatically
the poor man's light, i would call it the poor
man's gas-light and the poor woman's gas-light
also; and 1 am astonished that any comparison
should be made between the light that we derive
from petroleum and the light which we derive
from whisky. This tax affects even the poor
sewing woman. If you increase this taxshe must
turn down the button and decrease her consump-
tion one third.
For this reason, Mr. Chairman, I think that a
tax of ten cents is all that should ever be imposed
on the article. Government will realize at that
rate of taxation, outof my distuct alone, a rev-
enue of $200,000 this year on that article. The
revenue is just beginning to come in from petro-
leum, Why ? Because when the law first went
into operation much of the oil was bonded and
was called free oil. The Government derived
from this article last year throughout the United
States $700,000, of which hutthis yearthe twen-
tieth district of Pennsylvania alone will contribute
$200,000 duty on oil.
On this nect-ssaiy article, which goes into the
cabin of the poor man and the chamber of the sew-
ing woman, it is proposed to more than double
the tax. I ask gentlemen to pause. Gentlemen
who value even their popularity will not vote for
this high tax. If they do 1 hope they will never
venture into that curious district of ours. Nine
out of ten holes up there are dry holes, and if
men who advocate a tax of twenty-five or forty
cents a gallon on oil should come up there, I
would not ask a better job than to take a contract
for putting them down the holes and plugging them
in. [Laughter.] If we impose a tax of twenty cents
per gallon, that is equal to the value of the raw
material. I know that when it is refined and
passes into the hands of the retail dealers, it sells
at about sixty cents a gallon. The districts
represented by my colleague [Mr. Scofield] and
myself are, I believe, in an oily aspect, the most
greasy districts in the State. [Laughter.] If you
wish to get a large revenue from this article, do
not make the tax so high as to diminish the con-
sumption.
Besides, Mr. Chairman, if you tax it so high
as to diminish consumption, you will indirectly
aim a blow at the inventive genius of the Yankee
nation. Your inventions of patent lamp-burners,
oval and flat chimneys, and all that, will cease,
and the Patent Office will have no more models
of that kind.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I suppose
that all the speeches have been made that were
necessaty to be made, either for our consumption
here or for home consumption. There need be
no apprehension that the consumption of this
article will be reduced by the tax we propose.
After this tax is levied it will be still much the
cheapest article used for illuminating purposes.
We have proposed to increase the tax on gas to
double the present rates. We propose to tax lard
oil more than double. Under the present law
there has been no complaint. We have proposed
to increase the tax on refined coal oil up to twenty
cents per gallon. From the investigations made
by the Committee of Ways and Means we
were entirely satisfied that, after the tax is im-
3, this oil will be still the cheapest illumin-
ating material in the country. I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
terminating debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on this paragraph ?
There was no objection; and the debate was
terminated on the paragraph.
The question was taken on Mr. A. Myers's
amendment; and was rejected.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I would like to
inquire of the Committee of Ways and Means
what is the reason for making a distinction be-
tween the tax on oil from coal and on that from
petroleum? It is a subject that I do not under-
stand, but I have had inquiries in regard to it
made by some of my constituents.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed on the
paragraph. Is there any objection to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proceeding with his
remarks ?
Mr. HOLMAN. There will be no objection
if the paragraph be left open to general debate.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the paragraph
is closed.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment to make the tax twenty-five cents per
gallon; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to this paragraph.
Mr.KASSON. I hope the gentleman will al-
low theamendmentsfrom the Committee of Ways
and Means to be first offered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. In line sixty-five, I move to
strikeout " twelve" and inseit in lieu thereof
u fifteen," so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, Tliat such oil, refined and produced by the
distiliauon'of coal exclusively, shall be subject to pay a
duty o{" fifteen cents per gallon, anything to the contrary
notwithstanding.
This has been done by the committee for the
purpose of maintaining the proportion as near
as possible.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to insert " twelve
and a half cents" instead of u fifteen." I thought
it was generally agieed in committee that this ar-
ticle of coal oil should not be taxed additionally.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman is not in order, except by unanimous
consent, "fifteen" having been inserted.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that when we raised the duty to five
cents on petroleum, we thought it proper to raise
it three cents on refined oil, so as to keep up the
proportion.
Mr. Atf ALLORY. It seems to me the propor-
tion would have been kept up by making it thir-
teen, or at most fourteen cents. I was not in
committee, however, when the arrangement the
gentleman speaks of was made. I ask consent
to off« r this amendment.
The amendment was received; and the vote be-
ing taken on it, it was rejected.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend so as to
make the duty twenty-two cents, and I wish to
say a word upon that subject.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to debate.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend by add-
ing after the word " gallons" in the sixty-third
line the words "and on crude petroleum or rock
oil a duty often cents per gallon." I have merely
this to say in reference to the amendment 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of order.
I want to know why we cannot speak five min-
utes upon an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent of
the committee debate was closed upon this para-
graph of the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I make the point of order
that the committee cannot give unanimous con-
sent which shall bind us in what is to occur after-
wards. 1 never gave any such consent.
The CHAIRMAN. H is the universal prac-
tice that the committee may, by unam«\ious con-
sent, close debate upon any paragraph m a bill
under consideration. That consent was given in
this instance. The Chair put the question, and
no member objected.
Mr. SCOFf-ELD;- i make this point, and" I
desire a decision of the Chair upon it,.as
tion of order: that the rales of the.Bfoqse all^w
five minutes debate in Committee af the Who&Ie;
and that no gentleman can, by getting;u|>and say-
ing that he asks unanimous consent to violate* fhe
rule, cut off members from speaking to amend-
ments. The chairman of this committee is bound
by the rules of the House, and not by the consent
of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of Order,
I made a motion a short time ago that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of closing delate on
this paiagrnph of the bill. That motion has not
been put, and I insist now that it shall be put.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will first de-
cide the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The gentleman from Ver-
mont moved that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate. The Chair., to save the
delay occasioned by such a proceeding, put the
question whether, by unanimous consent, all de-
bate upon the paragraph should be closed. That
consent was given. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania now appeals from the decision of the Chair
upon the ground that the committee had no right
to bind itself in that way.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Chair will pardon me.
I did not appeal from his decision, f made the
question, and asked for the decision of the Chair
upon it, whether the committee had the right by
an agreement to bind us in violation of the rules
df the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will carry out
what was expressly the unanimous consent of the
committee, that all debate be closed upon this par-
agraph. Does the gentleman from Vermont in-
sist upon his motion that the committee rise?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir. I withdraw the
motion.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Holman
was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word "coal" the words "asphaltum or shale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to insert the word
"domestic" after the words "distillation of."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Provided, That such oil, refined and produced by the dis-
tillation ot coal exclusively, shall be subject to pay a duty
of twelve cents per gallon, anything to the contrary not-
withstanding. ■ •
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. A. MYERS. I move to add the following:
Provided also, That such oil refined ami produced by or
from the distillation of imported coal, coal oil, asphaitum,
shale, peat, petroleum, or rock oil, shali be subject to pay
ataxol fifty cents per gallon.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to insert, "on crude
petroleum one dollar a barrel." I desire to say
to the committee that I do this for the purpose of
reserving it, whichever way it is voted on in com-
mittee, for action in the House.
Mr. A. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Scofield were appointed.
The amendment was adopted; the tellers having
reported—ayes 55, noes 43.
Mr. MOORIiEAD. 1 move to add the fol-
lowing:
Jlnd provided further, That no excise tax shall be charged
or levied upon any gas furnished free of chaige by any gas
company for the public lights* or markft-houses of the city
o! town in which the works of said company are located.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing:
On spirits of turpentine, a duty of twenty cents per gal-
Ion : Provided, That all the provisions of law relating to
the assessment and collection of the duties on cotton, uu
der rules and icgulations to be prescribed by th« Secre-
tary of the Treasury, so far as the same may ho deemed
applicable thereto, bhail apj>ly to the assessment and col-
lection of duties on spirits of turpentine.
I would like to know what connection cotton has
with turpentine. I want that explained. [There
was no lesponse.] The explanation issolucid that
I witlidi.iw my amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, i ask, by unanimous con-
sent, that the sections in reference to sugar and
molasses be passed over until to-morrow.
