1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'185
Laws of the United States.
ized to expend such part of the amount herein
appropriated to carry into effect any treaty stip-
ulation wiih any tribe or tribes of Indians, all,
or any portion of whom, shall bes in a state of
actual hostility to the Government of the United
States, including the Creeks, Choctaws, Chick-
asaws, Seminoles, Wichitas, and other affiliated
tribes, as welj as the Cherokees, as may be found
necessary to support such individual members of
said tribes as have been driten from their homes
or reduced to want oti account of their friendship
to the United States, and enable them to subsist
until they can support themselves in their own
country: Provided, Thatan accountshall be kept
of the sums so paid for the benefit of the said mem-
bers of said tribes, which account shall be ren-
dered to Congress at the' commencement of the
next session thereof. And all purchases ofarti-
cles for the purposes above set forth shall be made
of the lowest responsible bidder, after sufficient
public notice by advertisement in appropriate
newspapers: Provided, also, That the said Secre-
tary shall not be required to acceptany bid which
is in his judgment unreasonable in its character:
Provided further, That ho part of said annuities
shall be expended for Indians outside ofthe Indian
territory south of Kansas, except in providing
for such individual Indians or families as aresidjt
and unable to remove to that territory, or such as
may be driven out of that territory by armed
rebels, after the passage of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the
temporary subsistence of the Weas,Piuiikeshaws,
Peorias,and Kaskaskias,and furnishing the same
with clothing, five thousand dollars.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act to provide for the Ex-
amination of certain Officers of the Army.
Be it enacted by tlte Senate and Hottse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That every quartermaster and as-
sistant quartermaster, and every commissary and
, assistant commissary of subsistence, and every
paymaster and additional paymaster shall, as
soon as practicable, be ordered to appear for ex-
amination as to his qualifications before a board
to be composed of three staff officers of the corps
to which he belongs, of recognized merit and fit-
ness, of whom two at least shall be officers of
volunteers, which board shall make a careful ex-
amination as to the qualifications of all officers
who may appear before them in pursuance of this
act, and shall also keep minutes and make a full
and true rccord of the examination in each case.
And all members of such boards of examination
shall, before proceeding to the discharge of their
duties as herein provided, swear or affirm that
they will conduct all examinations with impar-
tiality, and with a sole view to the qualifications
of the person or persons to be examined, and that
they will not divulge the vote of any member
upon the examination of any officer who may
appear before them.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That such
boards of examination shall be convened under
the direction of the Secretary of War, by the
Quartermaster General, the Commissary General
of Subsistence, and the Paymaster General, at
convenient places; and general lules of examina-
tion and a standard of qualifications shall be pre-
scribed by said officers, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of War, and shall be published in
general orders.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That after such
general orders shall have been published forsixty
days, if any officer who shall then be ordered be-
fore a board of examiners, under the provisions
of this act, shall fail for thirty days, after receiv-
ing such special order, to report himself as di-
rected, all his pay and allowances shall cease and
be forfeited until he does appearand report for
examination; and if he shall still thereafter fail
for a further period of thirty days so to appear,
he shall thereupon be dropped from the rolls of
the Army: Provided, however, That if such failure
to appear ami report shall have been occasioned
by wounds or sickness or other physical disa-
bility, then there shall be no forfeiture of pay
until thirty days after such disability has been
removed; but if in sixty days after the disability is
removed the officer shall not report himself he
shall then be dropped from the rolls as in other
cases. '
■ Sec. 4. .Qndbe it further enacted, That if the
board of examination shall report that any officer
does not possess the requisite business qualifica-
tions they shall forward the record of the examina-
tion of such officer to the head of the bureau to
which he may belong, and if the head of'sueh bu-
reau shall approve the finding and report of the
board he'shall forward the same through the Secre-
tary of War to the President of the United State's,
and if the President shall confirm thesame the offi-
cer so failing in his examination shall, if commis-
sioned, be dismissed from the service with one
month's pay, and if not yet commissioned his
appointment shall be'revoked. And if the board
shall report that any officer fails to pass a,satis-
factory examination by reason of intemperance,
gambling, or other immorality, and if the head of
the bureau shall approve the finding and report
of the board, and the same being communicated,
as before provided, to the President and con-
firmed by him, then such officer shall be dis-
missed from the service without pay, and shall
not be permitted to reenter the service as an offi-
cer: Provided, That such dismissal shall not re-
lieve him from liability under existing laws for
any offense he may have committed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
boards of examination shall forward all their rec-
ords of examination to the heads of the bureaus
to which they appertain, and such records shall
be filed in the proper bureaus with a suitable in-
dex; and any officer who may desire it shall be
entitled to receive a copy of the record in. his own
case upon paying the cost of copying the same.
Approved, June 25, 18G4.
Chap.CL.—An Act to amend an Act entitled "An
Act to provide for the Payment of Horses and
other Property destroyed in the Military Ser-
vice of the United States."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the act to which this is an amend-
ment shall, from the commencement of the pres-
ent lebelhon, extend to and embrace all cases of
the loss of horses by any officer, non-commis-
sioned officer, or private in the military service
of the United States while in the line of their
duty in such service, by capture by the enemy,
whenever it shall appear that such officer, non-
commissioned officer, or private was or shall be
ordered by his superior officer to surrender to the
enemy, and such capture was or shall be made
in pursuance of such surrender.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to establish and equalize the Grade
of Line Officers of the United States Wavy,"
approved July sixteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the corps of commanders in the
Navy of the United States on the active list be
temporarily increased so as to embrace all who
had been appointed as such prior to the commence-
ment of the present session of Congress, under
that construction of the law which then prevailed
in the Navy Department: Provided, That the num-
ber hereby allowed shall not exceed ninety-one:
And provided further, That no further appoint-
ments of commanders shall be made on the active
list till the number by deaths, dismissals, resig-
nations, or otherwise, shall be reduced to seventy-
two.
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted, That all pay-
ments heretofore made to any officers in the Navy
as captains or commanders, under the construc-
tion of the law heretofore prevailing in the Navy
Department, be, and thesame are hereby, ratified
and allowed, and the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury are hereby authorized and in-
stiucted to allow the same, in the same way and
manner as if there were no question as to the le-
gality of said appointments.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLI I.—An Aat to the Act, qf tlte
twenty-first December, eighteen hundred .And
sixtv-one, entitledAn Act to further.prqmote
' tile Efficiency ofitho Navy." , r . \ _ ;*
• 'Be it enacted by ,tM Senate and House of ,Repre-
sentatives (fthe United Stales of America in Congress
assemftied.-That the-first section .of the act ol;. Ute
twenty-first of December, anno' Domini eighteen
hi)ndred and sixty-one, entitled "An act to",fur-
ther promote the efficiency of the Navy," shall
not be so construed as to retire any officer under
the age of sixty-two years, and whose naroe.shall
not have been borne upqn the Navy Register fora
period "of forty-five years after he had arrived at
the age of sixteen years.
•Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLITI.—An Act granting Lands to the
State of Wisconsin t6 build a Military Kotrd
to Lake Superior. .
Be it enacted■ by the Senate and Souse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in,Pongress
assembled^ TJ)!yt tjiere ;be, and is hereby,, granted
to the State of Wisconsin, to; aid in the eppstruc-
tion of a military wagon road from Wausaw,
Marathonjcounty, Wisconsin, following the •Wis-
consin riverasfor as Skoriowung,and from thence,
on the most feasible and direct route, to a point
on the State line between the States of Wiscon-
sin and Michigan, in a direction leading to Onto-
nagon, on Lake Superior, every alternate section
of public land, not mineral, designated by odd
numbers, for three sections in width on each side
of said road. But in case it shall appear that the
United States have, when the line or route of said
road is definitely fixed, sold, reserved, Or other-
wise disposed of any section, or any part thereof,
granted as aforesaid, or that the right of pre-
emption or homestead settlement has attached to
the same, then it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to set apart from the public
lands of the United States, as hereinbefore de-
scribed, designated by odd numbers, as near to siyd
even section aforesaid as may be, and the same
shall be located within six miles ofsuid road, so
much land as shall be equal to such lands as the
United States have sold or otherwise appropriated,
or to which the right of preemption or homestead
settlement has attached; which lands, (thus se-
lected in lieu of those sold, reserved, or otherwise
appropriated, and to which the right of preemp-
tion or homestead settlement hasattached as afore-
said) together with the sections and parts of sec-
tions designated by odd numbers as aforesaid, and
approved as aforesaid, shall be held by the State
of Wisconsin for the use and purpose aforesaid:
Provided, That the lands hereby granted shall be
exclusively applied in the construction of that
roatl for and on account of which such lands are
hereby granted, and shall be disposed of only as
the work progresses,and thesameshall be applied
to no other purpose whatever1: Provided further,
That any and all lands heretofore reserved to the
United States, or granted by any act of Congress,
or in any other manner by competent authority,
for the purpose of aiding in any object of internal
improvement, or for any other purpose whatso-
ever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved and
excluded from the operation of this act, except
so far as it may be found necessary to locate tlte
route of said road through such reserved lands,
in which case the right of way only shall be
granted.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the Said State shall be
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof,
for the purposes aforesaid and no other; and the
said road shall be, and remain, a public highway
for the use of the Government of the United
States, free from tolls or other charge upon tho
transportation of any property, troops, or mails
of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
only in the following manner—that is t"o say, when
the said Governor shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior that any "veti consecutive miles of
said road has been completed under the provisions
cf ttya ftct', and in accordance with the fourth
section of this act, stating definitely where said
completed sectioif of road commences and where
