196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2o.
'38th Corn... 1st
Laios of the United States.
it terminates, it shall be the duty of the said Sec-
retary to cause patents to issue to said Slate for
three sections of land Far each mile of road thus
completed as aforesaid, and so on until the whole
of said road ia completed: Provided farther, That
no patent shall be giveYi for any of the aforesaid
lands before the competition of ten consecutive
smiles;of road, iorfor any road, or for any part of
any road, made before the'passage of this act, or
for any greater quantity than thirty sections for
each ten miles completed according; to the pro-
visions of this act; and if said road is net com-
pleted within five years, no further sales shall be
made, and the lands unsold shall revert to the
United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That said
military road shall be comstructed under the direc-
tion of such agents or commissioners as the Gov-
ernor of said State niay appoint, and where it
passes through timbered lands, shall be chopped
out a uniform width of at least six rods. The
rb'a'd-b'ed proper to be not less than thirty-two
T&st Wfllfei and constructed with ample ditches on
:D6th:sides, so as to afford sufficient drains, with
£ood tilid Substantial bridges and proper culverts
and sluices where necessary. All stumps and
• roots to be' thoroughly grubbed out between the
ditches thV entire length of said road; the central
portion of Which to be sufficiently raised to afford
a dry road-bed by means of drainage from the
center to the side ditches; the hills to be leveled
and ^alleys raised so as to make as easy a grade
as practicable.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CL(V.—An Aet to amend the Act of Con-
gress' making Donations to the Settlers on the
Public,Lands in Oregon, approved September
twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and fifty, and
the Acts amendatory thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
•assembled, That in all cases under the act of Con-
gress approved September twenty-seventh, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, entitled " An act to create
the office ofsurveyor general of the public lands
in Oregon, and to provide for the survey, and to
make donations to settlers of the said public
lands," and the several aets amendatory and
supplemental thereto, in which the actual settle-
ment may be shown to be bona fide, ahd the claim
in all respects to be fully within the requirements
of existing laws, except as to the failure of the
party to file notice within the time fixed by statuie,
suoih failure shall not work forfeiture when no
adverse rights intervene before the filing of the
required notification by the claimant.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLV.—An Act to expedite and regulate
ihe Priming of Public Documents, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress
assembled, That hereafter, instead of furnishing
manuscript copies of the documents usually ac-
companying their annual reports to each House
of Congress, the heads of the several Departments
of Government shall transmit them, on or before
the first day of November in each year, to the
Superintendent of Public Printing, who shall
cause to be printed the usual number, and, in
addition thereto, one thousand copies for the use
of the Senate and two thousand copies for the-
use of the House of Representatives; and that it
shall be /.be duty of the Joint Committee on Print-
ing to appoint some competent person, who shall
edit and select such portions of the documents
so placed 111 their hands as shall, in the judgment
of the committee, be desirable for popular distri-
bution, unij fo prepare an alphabetical index to
the same.
Sec. a. -ind be if further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to 'appoint some competent person to edit the
printing of the official reports of the operations of
the armies of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the heads of the several Depart-
ments of Government to furnish the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing with copies of their respect-
ive reports, on or before the third Monday in
November in each year.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted) That it shall
be the duty of the Superintendentof Pubhc Print-
ing to print the President's message, the reports
of the heads of Departments, and the abridgment
of accompanying documents prepared under the
direction of the Joint Committee onPubltePrint-
ing, suitably bound; and that in addition to the
number now required by law, and unless other-
wise ordered by either House of Congress,'it shall
be his duty to print ten thousand copies of the
same for the use of the Senate, and twenty-five
thousand copies for the use of the House, and to
deliver the same to the proper officer of each House,
respectively, on "or before the third Wednesday
in December following the assembling of Con-
gress, or as soon thereafter as practicable; and
further, it shall also be the duty of the said Super-
intendent to cause to be printed and stitched in
paper covers twenty-five hundred copies of the
annual reports of the Executive Department* for
the use ofsaid Departments, respectively ;and also
one thousand copies of the reports of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, Commis-
sioner of Pensions, Commissioner of the Internal
Revenue, and such number of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to be bound, not
exceeding three thousand copies, as may be di-
rected by the Secretary of the Interior, for their
use, respectively; and also five hundred copies of
the reports of the superintendent of the Wash-
ington aqueduct, architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, Metropolitan Police Board, Third Auditor
of the Treasury, and of the Insane Asylum, Co-
lumbia Institute, and Commissioner of Public
Buildings, respectively, for their use, and one
hundred copies of the report of the Bureau of
Engineers, for the use of .said bureau. And
he shall not print any greater number of said
reports unless otherwise directed by either
House of Congress.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That seven
thousand copies of the Commercial Relations,
annually prepared under the direction of the Sec-
retary of State, be printed and distributed as fol-
lows, viz: the usual number (one thousand live
hundred and fifty) for the Houses of Congress;
four hundred and fifty for the State Department;
two thousand for the use of the members of the
Senate; and three thousand for the use of the
membdrs of the House.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the an-
nual report of the Postmaster General of offers
received and contracts for conveying the mails, in
compliance with the twenty-fourth and twenty-
fifth sections of the act of Congress, approved
July two, eighteen hundred and thii ty-six, be no
longer printed, unless specially ordered by either
House of Congress; and that such portion of the
above mentioned act as authorized the said pub-
lication be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Senate to furnish the
Superintendent of Public Printing with correct
copies of all laws and joint resolutions assoon as
possible after their approval by.the President of
the United States, and that the Superintendent
shall immediately cause to be printed, separately,
the usual number for the use of the two Houses
of Congress; and, in addition thereto, he shall
cause to be printed and bound, at the close of each
session of Congress, three thousand copies thereof
for the use of the Senate and ten thousand copies
for the use of the House, with a complete alpha-
betical index, prepared under the direction of the
Joint Committee on Public Printing.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That section
seven of the joint resolution in relation to the pub-
lic printing, approved June twenty-three, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, be so amended as to re-
quire the Superintendent of Public Piinting to
advertise only in two newspapers, published in
the cities of New York, Cincinnati, Boston, Phil-
adelphia, and Baltimore, for thirty days prior to
the first day'of November of each year, tor pro-
posals for turnishing the paper necessaiy for the
execution of the public printing.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all lith-
ographing and engraving, wlieie the probable
total cost of the maps or plates illustrating or ac-
companying any one work exceeds two hundred
and fifty dollars, shall be awarded to the lowest
and best bidder for the interests of the Govern-
ment, due regard being paid to the execution of
the work, after due advertisement by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, under the direction of
the Joint Committee on Printing: Provided, That
the Joint CommitteeLpn PublicPrinting be author-
ized to empower tne Superintendent of Public
Printing to make immediatecontracts for engrav-
ing, whenever, in their opinion, the exigencies
of the public service will'not justify waiting fur
advertisement and award.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That when-
ever any person may desire extra copies of any
document printed at the Government printing
office by authority of law, and shall notify the
Superintendent of Public Printing of the number
of copies desired previous to its being put to
press,andshall pay,in advance,the estimated cost
thereof to said Superintendent, the Superintendent
shall be authorized, under the direction of the Joint
Committee on Public Printing, to furnish sueh
extra copies; and the money so received, together
with moneys received by him ftom the sales of
paper shavings and imperfections, shall be de-
posited in the Treasury of the United States to
the creditofthe appropriations forpublic printing,
binding, and paper, respectively, as designated
by said Superintendent; and, further, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby directed to cause
the moneys heretofore deposited by said Super-
intendent in the Treasury of the united States,
being the proceeds of sales of paper shavings and
imperfections, to be placed to the credit of the ap-
propriations aforesaid, which said several sums
of money shall be subject to the requisition of said
Superintendent in the manner now prescribed by
law.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever papers relating to foreign affairs shall be
communicated to Congress accompanying the an-
nual message of the President, it shall be the duty
of the Superintendent of Public Printing to cause
to be printed and bound, in addition to the usual
number, four thousand copies for the use of the
members of the Senate, seven thousand copies
for the use of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and such number for the executive
department as the President shall direct.
Sec. 12. And be it farther enacted, That the
forms and style m which the printing or binding
ordered by any of the Departments shall be exe-
cuted, the materials and size of type to be used,
shall be determined by the Superintendent of
Public Printing, having proper regard to econ-
omy, workmanship, and the purposes for which
the work is needed.
Sec. 13. And be it further enactedt That all laws,
or parts of laws, joint resolutions, or purts of
joint resolutions, conflicting with the above pro-
visions, be, and they are hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLVI.—An Act to provide for the Public
Instiuction of Youth in the County of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, and for oilier
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre<
sentaiives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, 7'hat the school districts in the coumy
of Washington, District of Columbia, without
the limits ot the cities of Washington nnd George-
town, shall be and remain as now laid down ac-
cording to law, subject to revision and altera'ion
by the levy court of said county, and thut the
school commissioners now in office shall be and
remain so until others are appointed.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That the levy
court shall annually, on the first Monday in Ma v,
appoint one person from each school distuct as a
commissioner of primary schools, of which ap-
pointment the clerk of the levy couit shall liniru-
diately notify the person so appointed; and when-
ever a vacancy shall occur in the board of said
commissioners, the levy court, as soon as may
be thereafter, shall fill the same, and ail appoint-
ments made by, or resolutions of said court con-
cerning, said commissioners shall be forthwith
communicated by the clerk of said eoutt to the
