778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
The Chair thought it but right to state this
opinion, after being publicly appealed to,that con-
ference committees, which might be influenced in
their action hereafter by the allusions to parlia-
mentary law in to-day's debate, could clearly un-
derstand the opinion of the Chair as to their power,
its extent, and its limitations.
Mr. WARD. Mr.Speaker, thcgentleman from
Illinois yields to me for a'few minutes, and I
avail myself of the courtesy thus extended with
no intention of entering into a general discussion
of this question. I was detained from the House
by illness during a portion of the time when this
subject was discussed. The bill,as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, was pro-
spective in its operation, except as to spirits on
shipboard bound to the United States, and in
* bonded warehouses and publicstores. The hon-
orable members who addressed the House in be-
half of the committee supported this mode of tax-
ation as proper, just, and feasible. My colleague,
(Mr. Fernando Wood,] however, moved an
amendment, that the increased tax of forty cents
should apply to all whisky on hand for sale, with
a view, as alleged, to reach speculators without
reference to the injury it would inflict upon dis-
tillers, persons legitimately engaged in the trade,
and consignees who had made advances upon
spirits at the present rates of taxation. It is un-
necessary for me to point out in detail the injury
that would thus have been inflicted upon distillers
and others, becau-se the Senate, perceiving the in-
justice of the retroactive amendments, removed
them as to domestic and foreign spirits on hand
for sale. I deemed it due to the constituency 1
represent to oppose these changes, and as they
were adopted by this House, I voted against the
whole bill in that objectionable shape, although
disposed to favor a liberal system of taxation in
a proper form. My colleague [Mr. Fernando
Wood] urged his amendmentas a revenue meas-
ure, necessary for the support of the Govern-
ment. His amendment, and others of a like char-
acter, having been adopted, and the bill made to
conform to his views, lie voted against it.
1 am opposed to all retroactive taxation. The
persons engaged in distilling and vending spirits
are disposed to submit to a liberal tax upon this
article if made prospective, und would submit to
even one dollar per gallon in that form if required
by the necessities of the Government.
Mr, GRINNELL. I understand thcgentleman
from New York to say that he would be willing
to vote for a tax of a dollar a gallon on whisky.
I ask him, then, if he will vote againstconcurnng
in the report of the committee of conference, so
that we may have the question taken as to whether
we will impose a tax of one dollar t\ gallon or
sixty cents?
Mr. WARD. While I believe my constituents
would be willing to submit to a tax of a dollar a
gallon on whisky, in the manner I have suggested,
1 prefer that my friend should let my action indi-
cate my views when the question comes up.
As a necessary sequence to the general tenor of
the amendments taxing all .spirits on hand, the
House negatived my proposition to exempt such
as might be actually on shipboard bound to tiie
United States, and in bonded warehouses and pub-
lic stores.
The committee of conference has agreed to strike
out the retroactive features of the bill, so that the
increased tax will only apply to futuie manufac-
tures, but have omitted to exempt goods on ship-
board and in bonded warehouses and publicstores,
so that if a vessel arrives the day after the act is
passed the importer who sent his orders abroad
without anticipating the proposed increase must
pay the additional tax. This is clearly unjust.
It is a most obnoxious discrimination against a
numerous and influential class of citizens who
contribute largely to the commercial prosperity
of the country, and is, I believe, without a par-
allel in the legislation of this country. The act
of March 2, 18G1, did not take effect until April
1,1861—twenty-nine days afterits passage. By
its thirty-third section it excepted all goods actu-
ally on shipboard and bound to the United States
within fifteen days after the passage of the act,
and also provided that the increased duty should
not affect goods in public stores until the 1st of
April, thus affording time for withdrawal. By
section five of the act of August 5,1861, the same
classcs of merchandise were exempted. The act
of July 14,1862, did not come fully into operation
until the following 1st of August, and excepted
from increased duty (section twenty-one) all goods
in bonded warehouses on August 1, provided they
were withdrawn within three months from their
importation. Goods on board ship on August 1
were subject to increased duty, but as that date
was seventeen days after the passage of the act,
it afforded sufficient time for most of the goods,
bona fide ordered and shipped withoutanticipation
of increased duty, to arrive before the law was
enforced.
The act now before Congress is to take effect on
its passage without excepting spirits on the way
to the United States, although up to this time mer-
chandise on shipboard has always been excepted
from increased duty, or a future day named when
the law should take effect, allowing a reasonable
time for arrivals, thus practically exempting such
goods from the additional and unexpected tax. The
practice has always been to consider goods thus
in transitu as if they were on hand. The ship-
percannotcall the vessel back to port to discharge
cargo, nor can the consignee prevent the arrival
in the United States.
Domestic manufacturers will have immediate
notice of the passage of the act, but American
agents and consignors residing abroad in those
countries whence the articles are usually sent must
remain fifteen or twenty days without any oppor-
tunity of knowing the fact.
The bill as reported by the committee of con-
ference I cannot sustain, containing as it does a
feature inflicting such great injustice to commer-
cial interests which I have the honor to repre-
sent.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ICASSON. I presume the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will move the previous question be-
fore he concludes his remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. That is my intention.
Mr. ICASSON. Will the gentleman allow me
about three minutes of his time?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. ICASSON. I want to make a remark in
connection with the proposition for another com-
mittee of conference. It seems that there has been
a serious mistake either on the part of the House
or on the part of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fernando Wood,] who, in part, represented
the House in the committee of conference. He
declares his opinion to have been concurrent with
that of others on the committee that, inasmuch as
the House had voted to stiike out the proposition
for a tax on the stock on hand, of forty cents per
gallon, additional, the committee was precluded
from considering that question. On that theory
the gentleman seems to have acted with what he
supposes to have been the opinion of the House.
It seems, however, that he concurred in reducing
the sliding scale; in connection with which I ven-
ture to say that he did not represent the opinion
of a majority of the House. If the House voted
anything on the sliding scale it voted to reject it
entirely, justas it voted to rcjcctentirely the prop-
osition to tax the stock on hand.
Now, the pointto which 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the House is the necessity for a commit-
tee of conference that shall be in full understand-
ing with the House on the subject, so that, if the
view of the gentleman from New York is correct,
itshould have been applied to the shdingscale,and
he should not, as a representative of the House,
have consented to the sliding scale. On the con-
trary, I hold that the House voted simply not to
impose an additional tax of forty cents per gallon
on the stock on hand in that general language in
which it was proposed by thcgentleman from New
York. But this House never expressed its opin-
ion that it would not impose an additional tax of
twenty cents per gallon on the stock on hand, in
barrels or casks, so as to exclude the idea of
searching for it m small quantities.
And here is the great point, I submit, in which
the House has not been fairly heard in the confer-
ence committee, from the fact that they,it seems,
have declined to allow another form of stating the
same question which came before the committee
on the part of the Senate. Fortius reason I hope
the House will reconsider the bill upon this ques-
tion of a sliding scale, for the purpose of putting
it more in accordance with what we know to be
the opinion of the House, and also for the pur-
pose of raising in another form the proposition
against which the House voted when the tax was
to be fixed upon the stock on hand at forty cents
per gallon.
Mr. STEVENS. I most earnestly hope this
House will not 'stultify itself in any such manner.
Now, sir, I can show in five minutes that the po-
sition taken by the committee of conference, and
agreed to by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,] is the only parliamentary rule
the committee could possibly have adopted.
There was a proposition coming to this House
from the Senate that upon all liquors<listilled and
removed previous to the 1st day of July next a
tax should be laid of sixty cents per gallon. That
was agreed to by the House, and the committee
could not adopt an amendment requiring any other
tax to be imposed on these liquors, unless it dis-
regarded every rule which has ever governed com-
mittees of conference.
The next thing, we agreed with the Senate to
strike out the principle contained in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernando Wood,] taxing the domestic liquors
on hand. The House agreed to that; and if we
had any regard to the instructions of the House,
we were bound not to put any tax upon the do-
mestic liquors on hand,for both these points had
been decided by the House and by the Senate con-
currently; and no principle of parliamentary law
would allow us to take into consideration any
matter which had been decided by the concurrent
vote of both Houses of Congress.
But then the House disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate fixing the duty at seventy and
eighty cents upon liquors distilled after the 1st
day of July and the 1st day of January respect-
ively. The House refused to agree to that. We
could not tell why, but I venture to say that nine
out of ten of the men who in this House voted
against that proposition voted against it because
they thought it was too high; we therefore in
lowering that duty did it in obedience to what we
supposed to be the sense of the House. We did
not reduce it much, only five cents per gallon on
one and ten cents upon the other, leaving the rates
still sixty-five and seventy cents.
Now I deny that there is any practice or rule
of parliamentary law by which we could possi-
bly have taxed the stock on hand.
11 is true that we refused to concur i n the amend-
ment of the Senate allowing an additional duty
upon foreign liquors; but that had nothing more
to do with the principle allowing it upon domes-
tic liquors than with any other duty in the bill.
It was in an entirely different part of thebill,and
nowhere connected with it. Anything connected
with duties upon foreign liquors was open; but
as to the duty on the stock of domestic liquors on
hand I deny that any fair principle of legislation
would have allowed the gentleman from New
York to have reinstated it, or have allowed this
House to reinstate it. It would have been an as-
sumption upon the partof the committee to reverse
a decision made by the concurrent vote of both
branches of Congress.
But it seems there is never to be an end of this
matter in this House. Men who arc on the tem-
perance side of the question have become as much
intoxicated upon this question of liquor as if they
had been drinking whisky for a month. [Laugh-
ter.] They have become so giddy upon the sub-
ject as to have lost all reason, as to have forgot-
ten, certainly, all parliamentary law. The gen-
tleman from Illinois, with that kind of pertinacity
which I very much admire when directed to a
laudable object, but which sometimes degenerates
into obstinacy when he is wrong—of course I do
not mean in the gentleman from Illinoisj but in
others [laughter] — I say with that peitinacity
which is so commendable tells us that he is still
in favor of retroactive taxes. He is certainly in
favor of retroactive discussion, for we have dis-
cussed this same subject here for days, I believe
for weeks, and yet he is not satisfied with the
action of the House upon it, but comes back upon
it with a most retroactive vehemence. He tells
us, and I hope gentlemen will not be alarmed,
though I was a little alarmed when he intimated
that if we pass this bill without this retroactive
clause that will not be the lastof it, but that he will
follow it up to doomsday whenever he gets a fair
chance. I would almost say that upon the next
committee of conference I would agree to his
proposition rather than to have it brought up upon
