1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIl
Vi
every bill that is to come up. But, sir, I hope
that, if the House insists upon its course, even
his sturdy constitution will become exhausted.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is no danger of
that.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope there may be.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman states that the
Country loses revenue by this measure. I deny
it. I say that we gain revenue by this measure
over any measure adopted by this House and
amended by the Senate. The committee of con-
ference bill will produce the first year more rev-
enue than the House bill, and every year after
$9,000,000 more than the House bill which we
amended, and which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] has advocated. Let not the
gentleman, therefore, delude the country with "the
idea that we are throwing away revenue by this
measure. We, are doing no such thing; on the
contrary, we are gaining revenue.
He says that he voted against the Senate amend-
ment because it was not high enough. He wanted
it to be a dollar. I do not know what motive the
gentleman had for voting against it. I do not
know what motives othergentlemenhad, but I will
venture to say that fnore voted against it because,
it was too high than that it was too low.
Mr. Speaker, it is time that we were done with
this. It is time that this deleterious agitation
should cease.
Gentlemen talk about speculators besieging the
committee rooms. 1 do not know who besieged
him. { think he would hold out, whoever they
were. I think that he would stand out against an
army of besiegers. Nobody appeared befoie the
committee but distillers. No speculators, no man
who had stock upon hand appeared before us.
Seventy-two distillers, the largest in the whole
country, were before the Senate committee and
the House committee. They asked us to fix it,
and we have. I hope the House will have done
with the matter, and I therefore demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ODELL. 1 ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me for a question.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. ODELL. I understood my colleague [Mr.
Ward] to say that the result of the adoption of
the report of the committee of conference would
be to tax foreign liquors on which duties had not
been paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose yourcolleaguc in-
tended to say that it would put additional duty
upon those imported after this time.
Mr. ODELL. He said that and the other.
Mr. STEVENS. Then he was mistaken. I
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. What has
become of my motion?
The SPEAKER. If the report of the commit-
tee of conference be rejected, the Chair will rec-
ognize the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBtJRNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baity, Blow,
Cobb, Cole, Craven^, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Den-
nison, Eldiidge, English, Fenton, Finek, Griswokl, Har-
rington, Holman, Hooper, King, Law, Lazear, Long,
Marvin, McAllister, McBride, Mclndoe, Muldleton, Wil-
liam (I. Miller, Jatncs I?. Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Noble, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,
Pendleton, Perry, Pomeroy, Alexander II. Rice, Robinson,
Schenck, Scott, Shannon, Smithes, Stevens, Stiles,
Strouse, Van Yalkenburgh, Voothees, Whaley, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Wilder, Winfield, Fernando Wood,and
Woodbridge—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Augustus C. Kaidwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bea-
man, Jacob B. Blair, Boiuweil, Boyd, Brandege**, Brooks,
James S. Brown, Clianler, Ambrose W. Claik.Clay, Cox,
Creswell, Dawns, Deminp, Dixon, Driggs, Eckluy. Eden,
Edgerton. Eliot, Farnswoith, Frank. Gannon, Gooch, Gil-
der, Grmnell, Hale, Handing, Benjamin G, Harris, Ilernck,
Highy, A&.ihel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ilulbuid,
Hutchin?, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, Kas«on,
Francis VV. Kellogg. Orlando Kellogg, Le Blond, Loan.
Longvear, Mailory, McClurg, McDowell, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, Moorhcad, Daniel Moins, Morri-on, Amos Myers,
Norton, Odell, Perham, Pike, Price, William H. Randall.
Edward II. Rolling Ross, Scofiold, Sloan, Spalding, Ftarr,
Stebhins, John B. Steele, Swe,ir. Tracv, Up*on, VVads-
wotlh, Ward, EUhu B. Washburne, William B. Was>hbian, I
Webster, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilson, and Win-
dom—86.
So the report was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Morrill, was confined to his room by in-
disposition.
The vote was then announced as abo^p recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois,moved tore-
consider the vote by which the report was rejected;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House do further insist upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate heretofore insisted
upon, and ask for another conference on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Wash-
burne of Illinois, Kasson, and Dawson were ap-
pointed managers of said conference on the part of
the House.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting a copy of
Correspondence which has recently taken place be-
tween her Britannic Majesty's minister accredited
to this Government, and the Secretary of State,
in order that the expediency of sanctioning the ac-
ceptance by the master of the American schooner
Highlander of a present of a watch which the
Lords of the Committee of her Majesty's Privy
Council for Trade proposed to present to him in
recognition of services rendered by him to the crew
of the British vessel Pearl, may be taken into
consideration.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rulesbe sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the naval appropriation bill.
Pending that motion, I move that all general
debate be closed on that bill in an hour and a half
after the Committee of the Whole resumes its
consideration, and that thereafter it be made a
special orderfromday to day until disposed of.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to making the
bill a special order, but I hope the gentleman will
give two hours for general debate.
Mr. STEVENS. The reason why I mentioned
one hour and a half was that the gentleman who
is entitled to the floor has only half an hour un-
expired, and another gentleman wants an hour.
Mr. COX. The gentleman on the floor has
spoken only ten minutes, and another gentleman
wants an hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I will modify my motion,
and make the time two hours.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
The motion to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill; on which the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blow] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Chairman, for over two
months I have listened to the speeches and debates
on this floor, and observed the course of events in
this House, with an interestand anxiety that have
absorbed every faculty of my mind. With many
sad moments, because no reflecting man can fail j
to sue that we are trembling m the balance, I have j
nevertheless had that mostsoothing of all feelings i
to the public man of to-day, the consciousness |
that in the fearful ordeal through which our be- [
loved country was passing, I was acting with its ,
truest fnends, and discharging important duties (
to the best of my humble ability. j
You will bear me witness, sir, that I have sel- ■
dom intruded, even for a moment, on the atten- j
tionofthis honorable body, content thatourmore (
experienced members should lead in debate, and J
anxious that all measures actually necessary for j
the maintenance of the best interests of our Gov- [
ernment, its honor and character, should be adopt-
ed at the earliest moment. I might have thus ,
quietly continued my labors; but we are thecrea- ;
tures of circumstances, and a single thought, one i
beautiful burst of eloquence frdm the gentlemati
from Maryland, induced me to change my mind.
He spoke in defense of himself and;that proud
old State, now marching with rapid-strides to the
citadel of freedom. I crave your indulgence while
I allude to matters originating in the We^t, inti-
mately connected with this Government, afFectiftg
its present and its future, and entitled, in my1 es*
timation,to thebriefconsideration which I entreat
you to bestow upon them. These matters have
been brought up by two occurrences in this end
of the Capitol. The first was the introduction of
a resolution, which the Clerk will read:
The Clerk read, as follows:
" In the House of Representatives, United States, Feb-
ruaty 1,1864, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, introdaced the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
"Resolved, That a special committee be appointed by the
Speaker of the House, to consist of five members, with
authority to inquire into and report upon the practical op-
eration and results of the act of Congress regulating com-
mercial intercourse with the States declared to be in in-
surrection against the authority of the Government, and
whether the regulationsof the Treasury Department which
purport to have been made in pursuance of said act, as car-
ried out by the Department, comply-with its design. To
examine particularly and report upon the manner in which
said act has been executed, and whether any frauds have
been practiced on the Government by the officers or agents
employed under said act, and whether any favoritism to
individuals or localities has been shown in its execution ;
and to inquire further whether the effect of said act and of
the said regulations of the Treasury Department has been
to prevent supplies from reaching the rebels or to facilitate
the object. That said committee have power to send for
persons and papers and to employ a clerk, with the usual
amount of compensation, for the purpose of reducing to
writing all testimony taken by said committee."
Mr. BLOW. The second, a speech from the
gentleman from Missouri against the confiscation
resolution lately passed in this House, the only
points in which now worth noticing, so far as
Missouri is concerned, relate to the radical del-
egation in this House, and the radical party of
the State of Missouri—the party that the gentle-
man himself had such an honorable part in cre-
ating, and which still holds in its ranks the men
who contributed most to elevate him to the high
position which he enjoyed in the past, and whose
confidence was given him ata time when some of
the leading conservative newspapers which now
print and praise him had no words of contempt
equal to their hatred and detestation of this anti-
slavery leader. Yes, sir, the papers to which he
so disparagingly alludes, and which he not long
ago depended upon for support, are now held up
to public scorn, and one, lie says, was bought up
by Fremont with public patronage. I have this
much to say in relation to it as well as the }Ve$t-
liche Post, that the mere idea in St. Louis will be
ridiculed. The fearless Democrat was never
bought, or its columns sold, and although my col-
league's friends abound in wealth, all of them
together have not enough to purchase its princi-
ples.
Here is what my colleague says of his ancient
fiiends and supporters, the men who have never
to this hour flinched in their devotion to this Gov-
ernment, or been known to ask the aid of a gun
or a traitor's vote, but standing on the highest
ground that can be occupied by those purely and
solely intent on saving this Republic, place prin-
ciples far above theirlove foror fear of any man,
be his position ever so elevated, or his power
above that of emperors and autocrats:
" Of a piecc with the ingenious, but rather disingenuous
assault ot the gentleman Aorn Pennsylvania upon the Pres-
ident is an occurience which took place in the other end
of the Capitol some days since, and which I find recorded
in the Daily Globe. A Senator trom my own State [Mr.
Brown] presented what purported to be a memorial irom
members of the Legislature of Missouri, and a protest of
four Representatives fiom that State, against the confnm-
ation of General Schofield as a major geneial. I do not
mention this circumstance tocomment on the extraordinary
and most unbecoming declaration contained in that protest,
in which these four members claim to be the only repre-
sentatives of the Union men of Mis-souti, for there is noth-
ing in the character or history of cither of them to wairant
this airogant assumption, but for the purpot-e of exposing a
covert assault upon the Picsident under the pretext of de-
feating the confirmation of General Schofield.
" If it had been the object to effect the hitter purpose this
paper would have been presented in executive session,
where nominations are considered, and not m the open ses-
sion of the Senate, as it put port-- to have been done, when
no such mattei can pioperly come before that body. Tho
memorial and piote?t contained only matters which had
been pieviously submitted to the President by a great com-
mittee ot" radical*, which visited Washington for that pur-
pose; and these i-tatement<* had been examined into by the
President, who. in his reply, plainly declared that he did
not believe them to be true." xctthe Pro^id'-nt arraigned
