THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
sizasisssssasBsssssfTszxsgsgaes"'^'^^ s .«- mi...          '" H
i,X4
—-           "~     -V—=5==^;s7:-7 ■ _,.   
THE OFFICIAL P11QCEED1NGS OF COiXGliESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C
Thirty-Eigjith Congk
1st session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 9, 1864.
New Series.....No.176.'.
men! to be called the Bureau of Freedmen, meaning there-
by such persona as have once been slaves, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER.. In section one, line ten, I
move to strike out the word " bonds" and to in-
sert the word " bond," making it singular instead
of plural.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) That amendment will be made.
Mr. SUMNER. After the words "United
States," in the same line, I move to insert the
words " for the faithful discharge of his duties."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In line thirteen of the same
section 1 move to strike out the word " who"
and inseit the words " all of whom."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatisacleri-
cal amendment, and will be made, if there be no
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. In section two, line seven,
after the word "dollars" I move to insert the
words "under bond, as required for the chief
clerk."
Mr. GRIMES. How will it read then?
Mr. SUMNER. " And each department shall
be under the supervision of an assistant commis-
sioner with an annual salary of $2,000 under
bond, as required for the chief clerk."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know what
the amount of the bond to be given is. He is to
give a bond similar to the chief clerk. What is
that?
Mr. SUMNER. It is understood that the
amount of the bond is to be regulated by the De-
partment. The committee did not think it worth
while to go into that detail. It is sufficient to re-
quire the bond, leaving to the Department to reg-
ulate the amount in the rules that it may establish.
The amend men t to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In section five, line seven,
after the words " found on" i move to insert the
words "and belonging to;" so that it will read:
And also to t.ike possession of all personal property found
on ami belonging to Mieli estate.
Tlieamendmentto the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In lino nine of the same sec-
tion I move to strike out " thereon" and to insert
" aforesaid."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In section six, line two, I
move to strike out the words " be ready" and to
insert the word "act;" so that it will read:
That the assistant comimssioneisand local superintend-
ents shall act as advisory guardians, Sec.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In line five of the same sec-
tion I move to strike out the word "organiza-
tion" and to insert " application."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. S.UMNER. In line eight of the same sec-
tion I move to strike outthe words "in the prem-
ises" and to insert the words "under any con-
tract entered into by them."
The amendmeii t to theamendment wasagreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I urn
opposed to both the bill and the amendment 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have this bill go
over until one o'clock to-morrow for the purpose
of taking up a bill relating to the military service,
in regard to which we have a special message
from the President. Would the Senator just as
soon speak to-morrow?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask my colleague first
whether it would not be better to allow this bill
to go on for an hour and take up the message an
liout latur.
Mr. WILSON. Then we should not be able
to pass it to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask my colleague if the
rill that he proposes to take up will occupy much
J-.mo.
176
Mr. WILSON. That I cannot tell. The bill
that { propose to take up is the bill introduced by
the Senator from New York [Mr. Morgan] in
regard to the commutation for military service.
The President has sent us a special letter on the
subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator submit a motion?
Mr. WILSON. As I suppose this bill will
take a few hours,atany rate, I think weoughtto
attend to the other measure at once. I do not
wish to interrupt the consideration of this bill,
although I intended, if this matter had not come
in, to have moved some amendments to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware that there is
to be any debate about it. Indeed I was not pre-
pared to expect any extended debate on this ques-
tion. I thought Senators might differ on some
practical questions, but I have had no reason to
suppose that there would be any extended debate
upon it occupying time. I am in the hands of
my colleague on this question. He knows that
I do not wish to put any impediment in the way
of such a proposition as he intimates, if it is one
which grows out of the exigencies of the hour.
But the question now under consideration is one
of vast importance, which has its own exigen-
cies. It 1ms already been too long postponed,
and I humbly submit that the Senate ought tfo
reach some conclusion upon it.
Mr. WILSON. Well, 1 will allow it to go on
for an hoar or two.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So far as the intimation
comes from the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts that this bill must bypassed speedily, 1
will only say that it will not pass the Senate with-
out full and thorough discussion, so far-as I am
concerned.
I was about stating, Mr. President, when in-
terrupted, that I was opposed to both the amend-
ment and the original bill. The issue, as I think,
is now fairly presented, whether we shall by law
of Congress make the white people of this coun-
try support the colored. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts presents an extraordinary position in
relation to this subject. But a few days ago he
was urging us to confer upon thc.se freedmen the
right of suffrage m the District of Columbia and
in the Territories. He is heie to-day urging us
to extend to them charity and support, confess-
ing in his argument, as is confessed both in the
bill and the amendment, that they are incapable
of taking care of themselves. The Senator dur-
ing the progress of his remarks said that they pre-
sented this extraordinary condition in the States
wheie our armies had advanced: the masters had
fled from their plantations, leaving their slaves;
that the slaves thus abandoned cannot suppoit
themselves; and he calls upon us now to estab-
lish a bureau to take charge of and protect .those
slaves upon whom on other occasions he seeks to
confer the right of suffrage.
But 1 said that the bill and the amendment to
the bill confess before the country that this pop-
ulation is incapable of taking caie of themselves
and that provision is made in both measures to
take care of them. This is the provision in the
original bill:
And the said Comtm.^ionor, and bv his direction the
said Arrant Commissioners, shall have power to permit
pei&ons of African descent 
Mr. SUMNER. That is the House bill; not
the Senate bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I say itis in both bills.
I shall explain my meaning very fully to the Sen-
ator before I getthrough. 1 repeat it is in both
bills; the provision in the House bill is in these
words:
And the said Commissioner, and by hi-* direction the &aid
Assistant Commissioners, «finll have power to peimil poi-
sons of Afiican descent, and persons who ate o  ^naltliavc
become tree, as aforesaid, under Mich ru'es and regulations
as inav he from time to tune proscribed by^saul Commis-
sioner and approved hy the Seeietaiy of "Wit, u> occupy,
cultivate, and improve ail iand^ lying within tho e dt-uiei*
now or heietoiore in reb"ll on, winch lands m vy have been
or may hereafter he abandoned by then former owneic\and
all real esiate within s-ueh distucts to which the United
States shah have acquired title, and which ahall not have
been previously appropriated by the Government toother
uses, and to advise and aid them, whei* needful, to organ-
ize and direct their labor, "adjust with them thou-wages, &c.
In the amendment proposed by the Seaptyr
from Massachusetts it is as follows:
That the Assistant Commissioner/* and local superintend-
ents shall be ready, as advisory guardians, to aid ihe freed-
men in the adjustment of their wages,,or, where they have
rented plantations or small holdings, in the organization of
their labor ; that they shall take care that the itaedtfren.do
not suffer from ill-treatment or any §U*lure of contract on
the part of others, and that on their part they perform their
duty m the premises; that they shall further do \vhat'.ihey
can as arbitrators, to reconcile and settle any differences
in which freedmen may fce involved whether among them-
selves or between themselves ai\d other persQns; and in
case such differences are carried before any tribunal, civil
or rmiituiy, they shall appear as next friends of the freed-
men, so lar as to see that the ease is fairly stated and heard.
And in all such proceedings there shall be no disability or
exclusion on account of color.
So that both the bill and theamendment make
the broad statement to the country that these peo-
ple are incapable of taking care of themselves,
and that is urged as a reason why this bureau
shall be organized, that we may take care of them.
But, sir, the idea now sought to be carried out
and consummated by this bill, to make war for,
to feed, to clothe, to protect and care for the ne-
gro, to give him advantages that the white race
do not receive or claim, is one that has character-
ized theglegislation of Congress and ail the acts 9f
the President and his Cabinet for the past three
years. The negro has been fed and clothed at'
the public expense. In the amnesty proclama-
tion of the President of the United States, sent
to Congress with his message at the beginniagof
this session, we have this declaration:
'•The persons excepted from the benefits of the foregoing
provisions are, all who are, or shall have been, civil or dip-
lomatic officers or agents of the so-called confederate gov-
ernment; all who have left judicial stations under the
United States to aid the rebellion; all who are or shall hawe
been military or naval officers of said so-called confederate
government, above the rank of colonel.ia tlje aimy or of
lieutenant hi the navy; all who lett seats in the United
States Congress to aid the rebellion ; all who lesitrned com-
missions m the Army or Navy of the United States and
afterward-, aided the rebellion ; and all who have engaged
in any way in treating colored persons, or white pei&ons
in charge of Mich, otherwise than lawfully as prisoners of
war, and which persons may have been found in the Uni-
ted States acrvice as soldiets, seamen, or in any other ca-
pacity."
He will forgive any person who has treated the
white soldiers of the United States in any-other
manner than as prisoners of war; but if they
treat the black soldiers in any other way he will
not forgive them. Why is this so ? Is not the
crime as great if they kill, when captured, white
soldiers as black ones? And yet the President
of the United States says, " I will forgive you for
i the one, but 1 will not forgive you for the other.
You may commit murder, rape, violate the usages
of civilized warfare upon the whites; I will for-
give that; but touch the negro and you shall not
be forgiven."
Mr. President, this exclusive regard for the in-
terests of the negro is not only true in reference
to the Ptesidcnt of the UnitedStates,butit is true
in reference to Congress. How many applica-
tions have been made here to investigate cases
where white men have been, in violation of law,
impiisoned, which, by a party vote, have been
laid on your table, and all investigation stifled?
What was the vote of the Senate when a negro
was turned out of one of the street cars in this
city ? By that same vote that you laid those inqui-
ries in refeience to white men on your table,you
caused one of the committees of this body to in-
vestigate the facts, to ascertain whether a negro
had been turned out of a street car or not. The
white man can be imprisoned, mobbed, or mur-
dered—you do not care for that—but turn- the
negro from the cars, and you, with the speed of
lightning, resist it.
The same doctrino that is laid down in the
President's proclamation follows youractionhere,
and not only hero but,everywhere else, Down in
North Carolina, some little time ago, the rebels
captured a poition of our troops who were natives
of that State. They killed them. No investiga-
tion was ever had about them. No talk was ever
