1864. ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEk
Wi
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. .. ,1st,
clerk of the said board of commissioners, and
&ach of said commissioners shall,hold the office
until a successor is appointed.
Sue. 3. And be it further enacted, That each of
the said commissioners, before lie;enters upon the
execution of his office, and within fifteen days
after notice of his appointment, shall take and.
subscribe, before some justiceof the peace of said
county, the following: oath: "I, -  , do
solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be,)
that 1 will in all things, to the best of my knowl-
edge and ability, well and truly execute the trust
reposed in me as commissioner of primary
schools for the county of Washington, District
of Columbia, without prejudice ami according to
la,w;" and every justice of the peace, before whom
such oath shall be taken, shall certify the stime
in writing, and within eight days thereafter trans-
mit or deliver said certificate to the clerk of the
levy court for record.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners and their successors shall be a
corporation, under the name and style of The
Board of Commissioners of Primary Schools of
Washington County, District of Columbia, with
power to sue and be sued, and to take and hold,
in fee-simple, or otherwise, any estate, real or per-
sonal, not prohibited by law, which may begiven
to, or purchased by, the said board for primary
school purposes, and may alien and sell the same
when, in the opinion of the levy court, it will be
for the advantage of the said primary schools so
to do; and all money in hand, after defraying the
whole expenses of the several school districts at
the end of each school year, shall be invested in
some safe stock in the name of said corporation,
and in their corporate name said board may pros-
ecute and maintain actions for injuries done to
the grounds, houses, furniture, or other pioperty
in their possession.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said
board of commissioners shall make and keep a
record of all its official acts, and a strict and
particular account of all moneys received or paid
out by its order, a statement of which, with the
vouchers relating thereto, as well as the record of
the board, shall be subject at all times to the in-
spection of the levy court of said county, and to
any tax payer; andsaid record,oracopy thereof,
cettified to be correct by any one of said com-
missioners, attested by the signature of the clerk
of said board, shall be prima facie evidence of
their acts in all proceedings, judicial orotherwise;
and the said board shall appoint a capable person
as their clerk, (who may be one of their own
members, or otherwise,) prescribe his duties, and
allow him a reasonable compensation for his ser-
vices.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said
board of commissioners shall hold stated meet-
ings in January, April, July, and October, of each
and every year, at such times and places as they
may appoint, and such other meetings as circum-
stances may require; but if less than four mem-
bers are present at any one meeting no business
shall be done, except to adjourn to a future day;
and at the stated meetings in April and October
the treasurer of the school fundsand thecollector
of taxes shall render in writing a full statement
of their accounts respectively for the next pre-
ceding half year.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the clerk
of the levy court of said county shall annually,
on. or before the first Monday in April, furnish to
the said board of commissioners alphabetical lists
of 1 he owners of property in each school district,
according to the last county assessment, and a
statement of the total amount of property as-
sessed to each owner, exhibiting the school taxT
thereon according to the last levy made by the
levy court for school purposes.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the said
ooanl of commissioneis shall have power annu-
ally (or as a vacancy may occur) to appoint^ two
persons in each school district as trustees of that
district, who, with the commissioner of suchdis-
trict, shall have charge of the local concerns of
the schools therein, and act in concert with the
board of commissioners in carrying out all the
rules and regulations ordained by the said board,
and together may permit the school house or
houses in their district to be used for public wor-
ship, or for other purposes of. general benefit to
the residents of the district. •
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the said
board of commissioners shall have power, audit
shall be their duty—
First. To receive and disburse any fund which
may be provided for the purchaseof sites and the
erection and support of primary schools in said
county and District.
Second. To regulate the number of children to
be taught in each of said schools, and the price
of their tuition.
Third. To select, upon a thorough examina-
tion, such teachers as are comgetetent, giving to
each a certificate of qualifications, without which,
no teacher shall be entitled to receive pay •„and
to fix their salaries and terms of service.
Fourth. To suspend or expel from any school,
with the advice of the commissioner arnf trustees
of the school district, any pupil who will not
submit to the reasonable and ordinary rules of
order and discipline therein.
Fifth. To prescribe, the course of study and
the text books to be used in the schools, to regu-
late and control the purchase and distribution of
books, maps, globes, stationery, and other tilings
necessary for the use of the same, and generally
to prescribe rules and regulations for the manage-
ment, good government, and well ordering of said
schools.
Sixth. To report to the levy court, sjt the close
of each school year, the amount of all expendi-
tures on account of schools in the several districts
during the previous school year, and the manner
in which the same shall have been expended,
specifying what portion and amount thereof has
been expended for the services of teachers, and
also shall particularly set forth the number of
pupils taught, and their average attendance and
progress, and such other statistics as the levy
court may require.
Seventh. To select, purchase, or otherwise pro-
cure, suitable sites for school houses in each dis-
trict; to adopt plans, and cause to be built, kept
in repair, and furnished, such school houses; to
supply the same with necessary fuel, books, sta-
tionery, and appendages, and to defray the ne-
cessary expenses of the hoard: Provided, That
the pay of teachers shall alwayshave preference.
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That,forthe
purpose of supporting said schools, and provid-
ing suitable sites, houses, and equipments there-
for, thp levy court shall, annually, on the first
Monday in Murch, impose and levy a school tax
not exceeding one fourth of one per centum on
all the assessed property of said county without
the limits of Washington and Georgetown, which
tax shall be due at the same time, and be collected
by the county collector in the same manner, and
under the same legulations and restrictions, as
are piescribed by law in relation to the collection
of the county taxes, and which are hereby made
applicable to the collection of the school tax im-
posed by this act,and when collected shall be paid
to the treasurer of the school fund; and the treas-
urer of the levy court is hereby constituted treas-
urer of the school fund; and the said treasurer
and collector shall be qualified by making oath
or affirmation faithfully to discharge the duties
required of them; and they shull give bonds re-
spectively to the said boiud of commissioners,
in a sum to be fixed by the levy court, with two
sufficient sureties, conditioned for the faithful dis-
charge of the duties required of them by thisact,
which bonds, being approved by the said board
of commissioners, shall be filed with the clerk of
the supreflne court of the District of Columbia,
who is hereby required to file the same, and a copy
of either of said bonds, under seal of said court,
shall be sufficient evidence of the making thereof;
and the said treasurer shall be paid such compen-
sation for his services as the said'boaid of com-
missioners may allow, and the said collector the
same fees as are allowed by the said levy court
for collecting the county tax.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
whole amount standing to the credit of the school
fund, when the aforesaid levy is to be made, shall
be taken into the account in determining the
amount of tax necessary to meet the current ex-
penses of the school year, which amount shall be
levied as aforesaid, and no more, and the said
board of commissioners shajlapportion thessphoo.l 
fund, after deducting; sucji part th£K$f(afjtte;
provisions of this, act assign to. |l}e.(<fdu'c$tj0/v<HS
colored .children, among, the g*£|ipql.'
trictSu gjving to. eaclj one seventh^ tjw .wjiole,
amount of school taxra collected ancl jth.en'in hand,
after deducting, the, necessary ^p.eijses q£-^hp*
board, and ot)e seventh of all other funds paid in,
after deducting as hereinbefore provided for the
education pf colored children, until an amoujU
shall have accuoiulated. sufficient to .p'jjfcjliasV
site; and "erect and furnish a, school house in:cach,
district,, the cost of which shall riotes;cije(l fifteen,
hundred dollars, (unless by priyate subscription,)
except where the number of. scholars is. suffi-
ciently large to require two.scbools, in which case
the sum may reach three thousand dollars,;, after
that it shall be apportioned according to the nuru-
ber of children in each district between the agfiB
of six and seventeen years: Provided, That,not
more than the actual expenses of each district
shall be paid: And provided further,.That more
than one school house may be established in any
one district if.tlie funds are procured. t,
Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, That in esse
the said commissioners should not be able tojiur-
chase suitable si.tcs forthe erection of school
houses, they shall have power to, condemn and
value a suitable site or sites for that purpose, not
exceeding one acre of land in each site, by giving
ten days' notice in writing to the proprietors
thereof, cxcept in cases where notice cannot be
served, and in cases of minors, femme coverts,
and persons non compos mentis, and filing with
the clerk of the levy courtof the county of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, for inspection, a
certificate describing such lands, with the value
assessed thereon, signed by the president and
clerk of said board of commissioners, which shall
be sufficient notice' to the proprietors of such land
that the said board of commissioners are, ready
to pay the amount of damages so assessed; and
if within thirty days from the filing of said cer-
tificate the propiietors of such land shall not ap-
peal from the decision of said commissioners, by
written notice left with the said clerk of the levy
court, the amount-so assessed shall be paid to the
proprietors, and the title to such land and prem-
ises shall pass to, and be vested in, the board of
commissioners of primary schools of Washing-
ton county, District of Columbia, and the said
certificate shall be recorded in the land records of
Washington county, District of Columbia, and
shall be final; but if the proprietors of such land
and premises shall, within the said thirty days,
notify the said commissioners, in writing, left
with the clerk of the levy court, of their dissent
from the valuation of such land as made by the
said commissioners, or if the land or any part
thereof be owned by a minor, femme covert, or
person non compos mentis, or if a notice cannot
be served, it shall be lawful for the said commis-
sioners, and it is made their duty, by their pres-
ident and clerk, to issue their warrant to the mar-
shal of the District of Columbia, commanding him
to summon a jury of five freeholders, not inter-
ested in the matter, to appear on a day to be ap-
pointed by the said commissioners, on the prem-
ises, arid after having each taken an oath (which
the marshal or any one of said commissioners is
authorized to administer) that he will, without
favor or prejudice, assess the damages sustained
by the proprietor of said land by reason of the.
condemnation of suid land by the said commis-
sioners, the jury so qualified shall proceed to
value and assess the damages accordingly; and
if the amount assessed by the said jury shall not
be greater than the amount assessed by ^he said
commissioners, the whole costs of thp said ap-
peal shall be chargeable to the appellant, to be
paid by the said commissioners., and deducted
from the cost of the land in settlement therefor;
otherwise the said board of commissioners shall
pay the expenses incurred by reason of such ap-
peal, the marshal's and jurors' fees to be com-
puted according to the act of Congress approved
March three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
defining the powers and duties of the levy court.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
said jury, immediately after they shall have com-
pleted their inquest and assessed the damages,
shall make out a written verdict, setting forth  
