1826
THE (jONGrRESSlONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules bo sus-
pended,-and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe'Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itselfinto the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Washurne, of Il-
linois, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the internal revenue bill.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to suggest to my
colleague from New York [Mr. Kellogg] that
lie may have obtained the information he has
given the committee from an improper stand-
point. I apprehend that the iron manufacturers
in his particular locality have been manufacturing
iron from the raw material on the basis of its
price a year or two ago, and that when they come
to count the cost, at the present price of the raw
material, and thepresentcostof production, they
will find the results of the profits of their busi-
ness entirely different from those he has stated.
Npw^sir, I should regret very much if any
feeling or prejudice upon the part of any of my
friends here againstany particular State thatmay
be represented upon this floor, should lead them
to an improper and erroneous conclusion. I beg
to remind those gentlemen who are so strenuous
for imposing an unlimited, indefinite tax upon
iron, that scarcely two years ago nearly ull the
founderies in the country were closed.
Mr. NELSON. I should like to ask my col-
league if he can toll the House the average j-y-ofits
that iron manufacturers have made for the last
eight or nine months.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I will answer the gentle-
man that taking the estimated cost of pig iron,
taking the price of the raw material as it is fixed
the present year, I can conceive of no profit what-
ever growing out of the manufacture of pig iron.
In the establishment of which 1 am part owner
I believe that will be the result.
Mr. NELSON. Does my colleague know of a
single furnace in New York the owners of which
have not become immensely wealthy within the
last six, ton, or twelve months?
One word nimv. lu Poughkeepsie we have a
large furnace owned by the JVlessrs. Peek, and in
the othercounty of Ulster we have large furnaces,
and from these I judge that there is not a single
furnace the owners of 'which have not become
wealthy.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. My colleague
has inquired whether I have not put my calcu-
lations upon a wrong basis. lie suggests that I
have been misinformed on the subject. I ask him
whether he has knowledge of a smgleiron manu-
facturer that is not making money ? Is it not said
and believed that all iron establishments arc com-
ing money at this time for their owneis? .
Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Chairman, I hi\%e to
say, in response to my colleagues, that, so far as
furnaces are concerncu, I am not acquainted par-
ticularly with that branch of the uoji inteiest.
But, sir, I do know that three years ago thine
was not one of the whole number that was in
operation. They were broken down and bank-
rupt. So it was in Pennsylvania; and I think
that three years ago that fact would hold good i.i
reference to the iron interest throughout the en-
tire United States. Not one half of the blast fur-
naces in the United States werein operation three
years ago.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. Has my col-
league any reason to fear that the iron mteiest
will be less pi ofitable for the next year than it lias
been during the past year? If so, it might mod-
ify my opinion as to this tax, for his judgment is
a high authority upon this question.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I answer most emphat-
lcallyand decidedly that it will be less profitable.
Mr, KELLOGG, of New York. How *
Mr. GRISWOLD._ There is no comparison
between the cost of pig iron for the present year
and the price at which it was held a few years
ago; there is more than seventy-five per cent,
diffeience. I will say, from the best calculation
'.hat I can make, taking the price of coal, ore,
hauling, and all the other expenses entering into
t!io production of pig iron, that there is not a
margin of profit left to one of the furnaces in
which I om interested.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. Does not my
colleague know of his own personal knowledge
t! \t iron, has been seihng at enormous prices up
to the present day? Is it not worth more now
than at any previous time for many 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought that the five min-
utes reserved by the gentleman from Vermont
was for this side of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The House ordered the
debate to close In five minutes,and debate is now
exhausted.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question then rccurred on Mr. J. C. Al-
len's amendment.
Mr. GRISWOLD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. J. C. Allen
and Morrill were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 71, noes 28.
Mr. MORRILL moved to strike out: "
Provided, That blooms, slab;*, or loops, oi castings of
ii on. upon which a duty has not been assessed and paid, in
tlie form of pur iron, shall be a^e-jsed, and pay, in addition
to the foieeonig rates, a duty ot $L 50 per ton.'
And m lieu thereof to insert:
On bloom?, blabs,, or loop1?, when made in forges or
bloomers >> li om tbe oic, u duly of three dollatd per ton.
Mr. UPSON asked that the question be di-
vided.
The question was first taken on striking out
the proviso; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. To make the amendment
agree with the amendment previously adopted by
the committee, nought to read four dollars instead
of three dollars.
Mr. GRSNNELL. I movethatamendmentto
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and then the amendment was adopted.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 move to amend in line
two hundred and fifty-four by striking out" three"
and inserting "six," so us to make the duty on
unlroad iion six dollars per ton.
Mr. STEVENS. Railroad iron, two years ago,
brought thirty-five dollars a ton, and many men
lost Luge fortunes by making it. They are now
making a little. By the amendment you have
adopted m reference to the duty on pig iron and
bloom iron, you have imposed a duty on railroad
iron of seven dolkns a ton already.
I trust this House has not gone ijiad upon this
question of iron, and that my friend, [Mr. Sco-
fit.lp,] who has been a little exeictsed upon the
subject of oil, will foigue us now, and consider
thai he has had suffice!it i evenge, and will be con-
tent to have broken down the furnaces, and will
let the rolling-mills alone.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking ont4'six " and inserting "seven."
I move the amendment merely to give me the op-
portunity to suggf st that when it is intimated that
the course pursued upon tins side of the House
arises from any ill-kelmg, a conclusive answer
can be given to it. To the charge made against
us in times gone by that we intended to ciipple
the Govei mm nt, we mean upon this side of the
House to give the he to such a statement upon
this tax bill. We mean to tax everything to the
full aniouni it will bear, ami give the utmost rev-
enue to the Government. I for one mean to give
the lie to the statement that we intend, under any
circumstances or in any manner, to cripple the
! hands of the Government: and 1 mean to do it
I by voting for a large tax, and the object is to give
| every possible dollar to the Government for the
i purpose of crushing out this rebellion.
: Mr. SHANNON. 1 am opposed to increasing
| the tax upon this article of railroad iron, for the
' reason thiit under the Pacific railroad act we are
; obliged to purchase American railroad iron, and
! if you impose a heavy duty here it will so raise
: the price of the article as to retard the construc-
I tion of that road, inflicting thereby o greater curse
, upon this country than it is possible for any other
i legislation to do.
| Now, in reference to what the gentleman has
; said about the Democratic party, I would like to
i ask him whether the oihei dt«y he voted for or
I strenuously filhbusteicd against a proposition to
loise the tariff whereby thiy Government should
de-iive an incmu'ed revenue?
Mr. NELSON. I will answer the gentleman.
I did not filibuster at all. I was opposed to that;
but nevertheless I am opposed to raising the tariff
by a joint resolution.
Mr. SHANNON. In other words, the gentle-
man is opposed to raising the tariff by joint reso-
lution, because he desires that under the long
process of raising it by a bill some persons tnuy
be enabled, befuie that succeeds, to get m a vast
amount of foreign goods, thereby avoiding the
payment of the increased duties.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of order.
This is a good time to raise it upon my friend
from California. My point is that this discus-
sion is not pertinent to the matter under consid-
eration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. NELSON. Then I cannot answer the
gentleman. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount to $6 50.
I move the amendment for the purpose of an-
swering the argument in reference to railroads.
So far as I know, the railroads have not deserved
the sympathy of the great mass of our people for
the last year or two. They have advanced their
rates so enormously that they have crushed out
the great agricultural interests of tins country.
They have no sympathy from mc.
Now, let me answer the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, who says that at twenty-five dollars a
ton the railroad iron manufacturing companies do
not make much money. But they are to-day
making every ton they can manufacture, and sell-
ing for §100 a ton. The price of that article has
increased threefold. We only propose to tax
them six dollars on what they sell for $100, and
that is a low tax in comparison with other taxes.
It is the same we impose on copper, and is not
out of proportion at all. I therefore hope my first
amendment will be adopted; and 1 withdraw my
amendment to that amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. J. C. Allen, telleis were called for,
but refused.
The amendment was not agreed to.
.Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out" three"
and insert " four." I suppose as this is an ex-
cise duty, that every time iron is reniatiufac-
ta red into something else it is fair to lay an
additional tax, so that the objection of my col-
league about commencing the tax upon the raw
material and coming up through pig, bloom, to
railroad iron is not a fair one. It is a manufac-
turers' tax, and J think the " poor railroad com-
panies" can stand a tax of one dollar more.
Now, I would not ask the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Nelson] to say anything more upon
the whisky tax, ah hough he says we are all
going in to sustain the country with any amount
of taxes, because we know that whisky cannot
stagger us any more than it has done.
Now, I can see no objection to the levying of
an additional tax on raihoad iron, and I think my
colleague, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, ought to agree to it. The tax comes
out of the consumers,although the iron men here
talk about the manufacturers losing it. Did you
not tell us a moment ago, when we were talking
about oil, that it was the consumer who would
have to pay? And yet when the gentleman is
begging for these " poor railroad companies" he
forgets that.
Mr. W OQDBRIBGE. I hope that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
not prevail. Why, sir, how are we situated in
thib countiy ? There are thousands and millions
in this country invested in railroads. On all the
railroad stock in this country two per cent, has
never been paid to those who invested in the'stocks
of railroads. Sir, there is scarcely a railroad north
of the city of New York that pays one dollar, or
ever has paid one dollar in dividends to the stock-
holders of those roads. I except the New York
Central railroad and the Western road which are
to-day bringing in one hundred and thirty per
cent., and more than that. The other roads have
not returned one dollar in dividends to the stock-
holders this year, and will not next year.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well,I called them " poor
railroad companies."
Mr. WOODP.RIDGE. I am aware that the
gentleman called them poor railroad companies,
but he used the word " poor" meaning that they
were rich corporations.
Now, sir, I know from actual experience, for
