1864.]
APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GrLOBjB.
19,9
Laws of-the United States.
38TH, CONG.. . ^33 fogy.
ers of which sell lots or burial rights therein in-
discriminately to those applying therefor, shall
be assessed and taxed as other property in the
same parts of the said District: Provided, however,
That all lots in said cemeteries, when actually
sold for burial purposes, and any cemetery held
and owned by a religious society, having a reg-
ular and known place of worship, shall be exempt
from taxation.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That here-
after the said court shall have power, and it shall
be their duly, to appoint the county surveyor of
said county of Washington, to define his duties,
from time to time, to fix his compensation, and.
to remove him whenever they shall deem it proper
so to do.
Sec. 5. *hul be it further cnacted, That it shall
be theduty of thecollectoroftaxesforsaidcounty,
whenever the owner or keeper of any dog or dogs
shall neglect or refuse to pay the tax thereon, to
kill, or cause to be killed, every and oil suchdogfi.
Sec. 6. And beitfurther enacted, Thatthethne
specifiedfby the act ofFebruary twenty-one, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, within which cer-
tain roads in said county shall be surveyed, plat-
ted, and recorded, is hereby extended to three
years from the first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
court shall have power to issue, classify, and tax
licenses for taverns, hotels, and restaurants, and
for retailing goods, wares, and merchandise in
said county, in proportion to the amount of busi-
ness the person applying for a license is likely to
do. The maximum sum to be charged for any
one license not to exceed two hundred and fifty
dollars, and the minimum to be so charged not
to be less than two dollars.
Sec.8. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthenotice
required to be given by the eighth section of the
act of which this is an amendment, need not be
given when all the parties interested are agreed;
and all roads laid out under such agreement,
without such notice being given, are hereby de-
clared lawful highways.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all laws
and parts of laws inconsistent with this act arc
hereby repealed.
Appro-ved, June 25,1864.
Chap. CLVIII.—An Act to authorize the Bailiff
of the Orphans'Court, in the County of Wash-
ington and District of Columbia, to serve Pro-
cesses issued by said Court, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmevka in Congress
assembled, That the bailiff" of the orphans' court,
in the county of Washington, and District of Co-
lumbia, or such person as may be deputed by the
register of wills in said county, shall have au-
thority to serve all processes issued by saidcourt,
and shall be entitled to a fee of fifty cents for serv-
ing citations, and a fee of one dollar for serving
attachments and making returns of the same to
the court. And there shall be paid to the regis-
ter of wills for said^ounty, for recording wills
and other instruments, fifteen cents per folio of
one hundred words.
ArpROvED, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLlX.—An Act amendatory of an Act to
amend an Act entitled " An Act to promote the
Progress of the Useful Arts,"approved March
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That any person having an interest in
an invention, whether as the inventor or assignee,
for which a patent was ordered to issue upon the
payment of the final fee as provided in section
three of an act approved March three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, but who has failed to
make payment of the final fee as provided by
said act, ahail have the right to make the pay-
ment of such fee, and receive the patent withheld
on account of the non-payment of said fee, pro-
vided such payment be made within six months
from the date of the passage of this act: Provided,
That nothing herein shall be so construed as to
hold, responsible in damages any persons who
have manufactured or used any article oi® thing
for which a patent, as aforesaid, was ordered to
be issued. " ,
Approved, June 25, 1864.
Chap. CLX.—An Act to grant to the State of
California certain Lands for State Prison pur-
poses. .. - , .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of the United States to
the lands comprising that portion of the promon-
tory or point known as Punta de Cluintinror
Point San Quintin, lying east of the north and
south line, dividing sections number three and
ten from number two and eleven in township
number one north range number six west, of
Mount Diablo meridian, embracing portions num-
bers eleven, twelve, thirteen, and fourteen of the
said township number one, north range number
six west, upon which the State prison of the State
of California is now located, not exceeding in
quantity four hundred and fifty acres, be, and the.
same is hereby, ceded, granted, and confirmed to
the said State of California, without prejudice to
the rights or claims of any other potties.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
the United State? jittqrniy and tlje_marsha{ of,
said District, except so far as ^r.^inafter pro-
Chap. CLXII.—An Act to carry into effect a
Treaty between the United States and her Bri-
tannic Majesty for the final Settlement of the
Claims of the Hudson's Bay and Puget's Sound
Agricultural Companies.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, ThatthePiesidentof the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, shall appoint a commissioner, whose duty
it shall be, conjointly with the commissionerap-
pointed by her Britannic Majesty's Government,
to investigate, adjust, and determine the claims
of the Hudson's Bay Company and of the Puget's
Sound Agricultural Company against the Oov-
ernment of the United States, pursuant to the
terms of a treaty signed at Washington on the first
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-three;
and the commissioner shall be authorized to ap-
point a clerk, with a compensation at the rate of
eight dollars a day.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, Thatthecom-
pensation of the commissioner shall be five thou-
sand dollars in full for his services and personal
expenses. And the sums necessary to pay the
compensation aforesaid, the share*of contingent
expenses of the commission on the part of the
United States, and of the compensation of the
umpire, chosen under the convention, are hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. Jlnd beit further enacted, That the com-
missioner on the part of the United States, in
conjunction with the commissioner on the part
of Great Britain, is hereby authorized toinakeall
needful rules and regulations for conducting the
business of the commission; such rules and regu-
lations not contravening the Constitution of the
United States, the provisions of this act, or the
stipulations of the treaty.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of State-is hereby authorized and required
to transmit to the said commission such papers or
records relating to the business of the commission
as he may deem proper, or as may be called for
by the commissioner; and at the close of the com-
mission, and of the duties of the umpire, all the
records, documents, and all other papers which
may have been presented on behalf of the United
States, shall be returned to the Depaitment of
State.
Approved, June 27, 1864.
Chap. CLXIII.—An Act in relation to the Fees
and Emoluments of the Marshal, Attorney,
and Clerk of the Supreme Court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the fees of the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, except
so far as hereinafter specifically provided, and of
attorneys, sbticiiors,:ahA pr,o^tors^and^aMwW
by the act approved February'twe(nty-s*iXj,figh^
teen hundred a'nd fiTty-three, enilil^d,
regulate the fees and costs to be aljowet} cierk's^
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit, and dis?
t'rict courts of the United Spates, and for other
purposes:" Provided, That the clerkpf jsajd s,ur
prcme court .shall not be allowed by tlip Secre-
tary of thfe Interior to retain of tlie fees and ernoLj
Umeiiis of his said office', for his own personal
compensation, overanu aljoye,his necessary office
expenses, the necessary,clerk hire included, to be
audited and allowed by.!ihe accounting officers of
the Treasury, subject'to an appeal to the Secre.7
"tary of the Interior, more than, the sum, of four
thousand dollars per annum; ap'd'in making out
his semi-annual returns, required by the third
section of said act, said clerk shall embrace his
fees and emoluments of every name and charac-
ter for any service required of him by law. • t
Sec. 2. Jlnd be further enacted, That np
marshal nor district' attorney, of the Unite}!
States shall by reason,of tlie discharge o,Ft}te,du-
ties of his office, noworhereafterrequve^'Of liim
by law, or in any case in which the United States
will be bound by the judgment, which may ,be
rendered in the same, be allowed to .retain out
of* the fees, charges, and emoluments tlierefor,
whether prescribed by statute or, allowed by a
court or any judge thereof, a greater maximum
compensation than that fixed by the act afore-
said; but all such fees and emoluments, of every
name and character, shall be included in the semi-
annual returns required of maishals and attorneys
by the third section of the act aforesaid: Provided,
That nothing in this act contained shall apply to
the provisions of sections eleven and twelve of
the "Act to prevent and,punish frauds upon the
revenue, approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three."
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That,at tl\e
commencementof every suit in thejsuprpme court
of the District of Columbia, the' plaintiff shall
deposit at least eight dollars with the clerk, to be
appropriated toward the costs of the suit; and
if the plaintiff recover against the defendant a
judgment with costs, and said costs do hot amount
to eight dollars, the overplus shall be paid bacK
to the plaintiff by the clerk: Provided, That suits
may be prosecuted in said court by poor persons
without malting the deposit herein prescribed,
upon the order of the court, or of one of the jus-
tices thereof.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing fees, and no other, shall be allowed to the
clerk of said court, and the marshal of said Dis-
trict, for the services following:
For all services rendered by said clerk to the
United States in cases in which the said United
States is a party of record, five dollars.
For each marriage license issued by him, one
'dollar.
For each certificate of official character, includ-
ing the sedl, fifty cents.
For service of any warrant, attachment, sum-
mons, capias, or other writ, (except execution,
venire, or a summons or subpeena for a witness,)
one dollar for each person on whom such service
may be made.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act'shall be so construed as to repeal or
modify any of the provisions of an act entitled
"An act concerning the disposition of convicts
in the courts of the United States for subsisting
persons confined in jails, charged with violating
the laws of the United States, and for diminish-
ing the expense^in relation thereto," approved
May twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
or of "An act to authorize the appointment of
a warden of the jail in the District of Colum-
bia," approved February twenty-ninth,eighteen
hundred and sixty-four; but the duties, of said
warden, and of the'marshal of the United States
for said District, in regard to the said jail and the
prisoners committed thereto or confined therein,
shall remain the same as if this act had not been
passed.
ApproW'.D, Jtim'27, 1864.
