1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
1 have been connected more or lest* with northern
railroads—and extensively too—for the last ten
years, that in my own State, where, poor as the
old Green Mountain State is, $25,000,000 have
been invested in railroad stocks, the stocks of
those railroads, with bat one exception, are not
worth to-day one per cent, of the amount put into
them. They have made the State rich and have
been a benefit to its people, but the men who have
got money in them have received no returns.
Mr. DAWES. Will my friend tell me where-
they got their money '
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Fiora -the farmers of
"Vermont.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; they got it fiom Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Theygot it to the ex-
tent of the ability of Vermont from the citizens
of Vermont; but by means of these raihoads
we have opened up the country to Boston, and
developed Boston, the commercial emporium of
New England. Her people, it is true, have put
liberally into the railroads of Vermont, New
Hampshire, Maine, and the othorsections of New
England, but they have never got a dollar back,
and I venture to say that they never will get a
dollar back in the next twenty years. There are
gentlemen heie who have interests in the north-
ern railroads in the State of New York, and they
know that t!*e returns on the stock are perfectly
hopeless, that the companies aie banlnupt cor-
porations, that they have done immense good to
the country, but that those whose money has
built the loads have sacrificed all their invest-
ments in them. I say that it is unjust to these
men now to have an additional tax imposed on
raijroad ft-on, thereby imposing so much more
obligation upon them.
Mr, NELSON. I know of one railroad m New
York whose stock before tlna war commenced
was only twelve cents on the dollar, and which
stnee then has been paying its stockholders seven
per cent., besides paying the expenses of laying
down a second track. Now is not that the case
with nearly every northern railroad, which were
bankrupt at the commencement of the war, but
are now making nice incomes for their stockhold-
ers ?
Mi. WOODBIIIDGE. 1 do not know what
railroad the gentleman refers to.
Mr. NELSON. I refer to the Hudson River
i ail road.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. But I do know this 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburke, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration,
as a special order, the internal revenue bill, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate upon
the pending paragraph of the internal revenue bill
shall close in one minute after Us consideration
shall be resumed in Committee of the Whole on
the suite of the Union.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now ad-
jo u t n.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes before ten o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday. Jlpril 23, 18(i4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was i ead and approved.
SUPERVISING INSPECTORS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make a state-
ment in regard to a bill; and if there be no objec-
tion I will ask that it be put on its passage. At
the breaking out of the rebellion the supervising
inspectoral New Orleans went off with the rebels.
Mr. COX. What is it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is in re-
gard to the appointment of asupervising inspector
aud some local inspector. i ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withhold his objection uirtil I have
madea statement.
Since New Orleans camc into out possession
we have had no supervising inspector at that
important point, and the public interest there is
suffering greatly for the want of such an officer.
There is no supervising inspector nearer than
St. Louis, and there is no local board of inspect-
ors any nearer. The Secretary of the Treasury
has addressed me a letter, as chairman of the
Committee on Commeice, accompanied with a
draft of bill providing for the appointment of
an additional inspector, to be located at New Or-
leans; of a board of local inspectors at Memphis;
and in addition it provides tor the establishment
of local inspectors in Oregon. There is no local
board of inspectors there now, and every time a
steamboat has to be inspected in that State the
supervising inspector at San Francisco has to
go there, and his mileage and other expenses are
greater than the cost of establishing inspectors
there.
The bill also discontinues the local board at
Wheeling, West Virginia, for the reason that
there are three on the Ohio river, and two are ail
that are necessary,
I ask to have the bill read, and if there be no
objection 1 ask that it be now put on its passage.
If there be objection, of course it will have to go
over.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, Jlpril 23, 1864.
Sir: In compliance with your request I inclose tlie
(halt of a bill pioviding for the appointment of two local
inspector-, of fK'ainbo.il* for the district of Oregon. It al«?o
creates sin additional supervising in^poctor who will bo
located at New Orleans; and fur charming the local board
ftom \Vheehr>£r, West Viiguua, to Memphis,Tennessee.
Thn at tin' •-ugpjtviton of the t upn vising inspector at Cin-
cinnati. who irpK-sonts tli.it the board at Pittsburg can at-
tend to tlie duho> ot the Wheeling board, while there is no
local board between St. Louis and New Orleans, on the
Ml^IS^ippi 1IVCI.
The pioviMon for charging ten dollars for license Of pilots
or engineers is at the suggestion of several of the supervis-
ing ln-jpfjctor-, and if it should become a law will, it is
said, add to fho i even tie of the Government some lifty thou-
sand dollars, and make the u^pcution of steamboats self-
sustainnig, in place ot'beinga^u now is a tax on thcTreas-
tnj t<"> that amount, It will impose no oncious burden upon
pilots and eneineo)-<,a> beuitf licensed they enjoy exclusive
privileges for uiiu.ii ihej pay nothing inn this licence.
Ite^pecUuilv, tf. p. CHAi^E,
Rro clary ol the Treasury.
Hon. E. B. Was-hburnh, Chan man oj Committee on (Join-
mcrcc, Home of llejnesenfaluet>.
There was no objection, and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, introduced a bill to increase additional
supervising inspectors of steamboats, &c.; which
was rend a first and second time.
The bill was read in ecctenso.
The bill was ordeied to be engrossed and read
a third time; and bring engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third tiyie.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bili was passed.
Mr. WASHRU RN E, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OV ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to grant leave of absence to Mr.
Vak Valkenburgh for two weeks from Monday
next.
There was no objection, and leave was granted
accotdingly.
PROOFS OF MILITARY DESERTION.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill relating
to the proofs of desertion from the military ser-
vice of the United States, and for otherpurposes.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Does tlie gentleman
understand that bill to include proof of identity
of the person ?
Mr. WILSON. It may include that. AH I
want is to introduce the bill and have it referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary for investi-
gation.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I object.
DERATE ON TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on that portion of the t$x bill relating to
iron be closed as soon as .the committee resumes
its session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point t)iat the
gentleman can only move to close debate on the
pending paragraph.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, under the
rules, can move to close debate on the entire sec-
tion.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to yield me
the floor to submit a resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will hear the resolution.
I give notice that, as we are not to have an even-
ing session, i shall aslc the House to "sit until
half past five instead of half past four o'clock
p. m.
CRIMINAL JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciarylnquire
into the expediency of so amending the act of March 9,
1793, as to empower United States commissioners to take
bail for criminal offenses against the United States, and to,
provide that said commissioner shall have aa official seal to
authenticate their acts of record.
CHARGES AGAINST A MEMBER.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to present the report of
the special committee appointed to investigate the
charge against Hon. F. P. Blair, presented by
Hon. J. W. McClurg, for the purpose of having
it laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield for anything
that will consume time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Califor- «
ma has the right to present his report as a matter
of privilege, if the gentleman from Vermont with-
draws his motion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think it is a ques-
tion of privilege, and I desire that it may be made.
Mr. MORRILL. I think I must insist upon
my motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Vermont to allow this report to be
read.
Mr. HIGBY. It will not consume five min>
u,tes.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have no objection to the
report being made and printed.
Mr. HIGBY. Unless the gentleman will yield
the floor to have the report read, I will make the
report and ask to have it laid on the table and
printed.
Mr. MORRILL. Understanding that it is the
special wish of the gentleman from Missouri to
have the report read,! will yield for that purpose.
The report was then presented and read,as fol-
lows:
The underpinned, the special committee appointed uu-
dcr the resolution of tin* House of the 23d of March last
to investigate the charge made by Hon. J. W. McCi-tmo, a
member of the House trom the State of Missouri, against
Hon. P. P. Blair, jr., also a member of the House from the
same State, "of violating the laws m the matter of an al-
leged liquor speculation, and to inquire into the genuine-
ness or falsity of the alleged order for tin* puu;has*e of
liquor, bearing date June 3, 1863," respectfully report that
they have had the matter so reterred to them under in
ve&tigation from an early day after their appointment, aud
have given full opportunity to both parties to product; wit-
nesses before them, and have taken all the testimony offered
on the subject. The depositions of the witnesses thus
examined are herewith submitted to the House.
It appuaied satisfactorily 111 evidence before the com-
mittee that on the 3d day of June, 1863, Hon. P. P. Blair, jr.,
then being a major general in the Army of the United States
in actual service neai Vicksburg, in the State of Missis-
sippi, together with eight members of his staff, signed a
wntten order or authouty to one Michael Powers, repre
senting himself to be an agent of the Treasury Department,
and who had ofleied hid services for thepurpose.ro procure
for their own use a veiy moderate ainOunt of liquors, to-
bacco, and cigars, the co<t ot winch, in the language of one
of the witnesses, (Captain Maguire,) u certainly would not
exceed onehundied and fifty or one hundred and seventy-
five dollars."
This oidet, as itappeared before the committee, was al-
tered after it was delivered to Poweis, by adding to and
changing the fisures, and also by adding at least one new
item, (twenty-five boxes can fruit-:,) to such an extent that
the invoice on the purchase of the articles in St. Louis,
and a peimit lor which was granted by the eollectoi,
amounted to $>S,6M. As a specimen ot the alterations one
may be leterred to, that as to brandy. Tneoiigmal order was
for live gallons; by inserting the figure Q before the figure
5. nnd adding the word "each," it became an order (as
nine persons had signed it) for two hundred and twenty-
live gallons. ri he alterations which the committee believe,
from°the testimony taken befoie them, to have been made
in the order, will be seen on reference to schedule A hereto
annexed, which contains a copy of the existing order, and
a statement at the toot thereot of the articles named in thy
