1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
governmental move in accomplishing the objects
desired.
If the intention of my colleague in his resolu-
tion was to expose malversation on the part of
the Secretary , candorrequires that he should have
made a specific charge in his resolution. For if
he ever brings any charge of political favoritism,
or asserts that the Secretary has perverted the
power of patronage to his own political advant-
age or any other personal object, I feel certain
that these charges will be shown to be false and
absolutely baseless. It is known that Secretary
Chase has appointed to offices* in connection with
this bureau, as important as $ny, those not re-
garded as of his own political school, and it is
safe to venture the assertion, and to challenge the
proof to the contrary, that in all appointments
made in connection with this business, no regard
has been had to the personal preferences of any,
no questions been asked, no conditions imposed,
expressed or implied, and no effort whatever,any-
where exerted, either in appointments or permits,
to advance the political fortunes of the Secretary.
I understand that no permits for trade of any
character, either to sell merchandise or buy prod-
ucts, have been given by the Secretary directly,
and I believe it. All traffic and transportation in
insurrectionary States has been under regulations
by which certain officers, at convenient localities,
were authorized to grant permits, and all trans-
portation prohibited except as permitted by those
officers.
The regulations are general and impartial in
their provisions, and it is not known by the Pres-
ident or Secretary, or believed by either, that there
has been any corruption or unfaithfulness in their
execution by the agents employed. And I assert
that they are as well devised as any regulations
can be for controlling commercial transactions and
preventing contraband trade by civil administra-
tion amid public discords in time of war. Butmy
colleague perhaps has never read, certainly never
studied, the laws and regulations which he has so
constantly denounced, little feeling at the time that
every denunciation of these regulations, because
solely attributed by him and his trading friends
to the Secretary of the Treasury, was also a de-
nunciation of the President of the United States,
who carefully examined and approved every one
of them. It is the President, equally with his
Cabinet officers of the Treasury and War Depart-
ments and department commanders and generals
of the divisions, thatare bound to come under the
investigating committee. I respectfully submit
to my colleague that he should at the earliest mo-
ment pass them all over to the committee on the
conduct of the war if justice to his country and
not persecution of one whom he has already at-
tempted to wrong is the impelling motive. Why,
Mr. Chan man, even while 1 am discussing this
question the regulations relieving trade in the val-
ley in certain articles are suspended at the request
of the War Department, except when the usual
authority from the Treasury agent is approved
by a commanding general. Telegrams and letters
have come to me eveiy few days for two weeks
complaining of certain supplies being again pro-
hibited; and though trade was entirely relieved in
the States of Missouri and Kentucky before my
colleague's resolution was laid over the last time
he called it up, yet his complaints are so chr&nic
that I am afraid he will not finish grumbling until
we have an unrestricted free trade to San Fran-
cisco by the gold mines, over a rail not made by
English neutrals, but wrought from the'ores of
free Missouri by radical free-soil men, and laid
down by a set of Jacobins whose very names
bring up visions of defeat and disaster to 4hat
gentlemen.
I have alluded to my colleague's friends in con-
nection with these trade difficulties. Justice re-
quires that I should state that many of them since
he first commenced his assault, always unexplain-
able except upon the ground that it was purely
political, having made fortunes, and monstrous
fortunes, during the rebellion in trade, traffic, and
speculations, mostly in connection with the Gov-
ernment, they evince a disposition to be just, I
am willing to believe from a conviction that they
were hasty and ungenerous. The most promi-
nent and wealthiest of these firms, whose St. Louis
paitner, Captain Barton Able, has been distin-
guished for his intense devotion to every act of
my colleague, and foremost in expressing, in every
possible way, his gratitude and admiration, con-
cede that the trade regulations for 1863, and now
existing, should be satisfactory to every honest
dealer.
1 will record this evidence, because it is a candid
admission, and alike creditable to them and the
Government:
Washington City, Felrruary JO, 18G4.
Dear Sir : Yours of yesterday, on the subject of the ex-
isting trade regulations on the Mississippi river, received.
In reply we would respectfully state that while the mer-
chants and business men of Memphis regard some of the
regulations as burdensome and unnecessary, they are gen-
erally satisfied with them. We think with some tew mod-
ifications tliey could be made all that any community situ-
ated as ours is ought to ask for, and without the alterations
wo are fully satisfied that any honest man in our commu-
nity ought to he able to iransact business under them with
profit to liiinselfand the Government. We have been able
to do so. We paid to the Government, in the items of
taxes and duties for the puvilege of transacting our busi-
ness for the year 18fi3, over one hundred thousand dollars,
and would have paid cheeifully more, but the icstrictions
on tiade during part of the year curtailed our business to
some extent. Yet we never complained, believing the au-
thorities imposing the restraints did so for the public good,
which ouzht to be considered paramount in all cases by all
good citizcns.
Hoping the continued loyalty of the citizens of the city
of Memphis may induce those in authority to place our city
on an equality with other loyal communities, and that our
trade inay be only taxed as the business and commerce of
ail the loyal cities of the United States, we are, very re-
spectfully, your friends, LACEY, ABLE & CO.
Hon. H. T, Blow, House of Representatives.
But there is still higher testimony. It comes
from a man whose praise is on every tongue, and
the mere mention of whose name always arrests
the attention of this House—I mean Major Gen-
eral U. S. Grant. I will read an extract from his
letter July 21, 1863. Mr. Secretary Chase very
much desired to modify the trade regulations upon
the fall of Vicksbuig. He indicated this to Gen-
eral Grant, and in his reply these views are ex-
pressed. I know that on a previous occasion these
views have been very adroitly used against the
Presidentand the Secretary of the Treasury; but
no straightforward man can fail to see in them the
same idea that, if adopted early by Congress,
would have absolutely prohibited all trade. And
here I leave this branch of my subject with the
name and fame of our highest officials. I com-
mend them to that honor and sense of justice
which has thus far distinguished the loyal popu-
lation of this land; but not without saying that
in my humble opinion it is the duty of every
sincere lover of this Government to stand up
firmly against any attempt, come from whatever
source it may, to weaken and embarrass this Gov-
ernment by maliciously assailing those charged
with its highest interests. We who so regularly
witness their untiring labors can bear testimony
to the fearful responsibility which restsupon the
heads of the Departments and the devotion which
maiks their daily duties. I am proud to announce
that, whatever differences of opinion others acting
with me in this House may have in regard to any
one of the honorable gentlemen mentioned for
the Presidency, and when publicly urged in this
Hall and elsewhere—urged, as I fear, to the dis-
advantage of our common cause—I will always be
found sustaining to the best of my judgment and
the fullest extent of my power the honest, overbur-
dened public servant who makes his country and
not himself the constant object of his thoughts
and actions.
I do not greatly fear, Mr. Chairman, that my
colleague's semi-political effort will make a breach
among those who must by this time understand
his peculiar fashion of deciding for the people be-
fore they speak for themselves, and in a very dif-
ferent way from that foretold by this prophet.
Tweuty million freemen are watching with
eager eyes the events which are daily transpiring
in this land, confidingly relying upon the wisdom
and patriotism of the Piesident, his Cabinet, our
faithful armies, and the Representatives of their
choice. Shall it be said of us, or of those above
us, that in sueh a moment we turned from an im-
periled country,from a people willing to assume
increased burdens, a people pieparmg to respond
! to the heaviest taxes, a people who have conse-
i crated to this Government and their devotion to
I human liberty the bravest sons of the nation? I
| say, sir, shall it be iccorded of us that at such a
i tune our thoughts were dnected to a contest for
coming political spoils, and under the demoral-
izing influence of such an unworthy prompting
wo were willing to imperil if not sacrifice our be-
loved country? Let members htfve their prefer-
ences, let them labor as they choose outside these
Halls, but here let us frown down "every move
that is calculated to separate the firm friends of
the Government, or those intrusted with these
weighty responsibilities. Cabinet quarrels should
not enter the two Houses. Now niore than ever
in the history of this nation we need unity. Jftow
more than ever, with a burning desire for action,
should men prepare to make good their oft-re-
peated declarations in favor of human liberty ,-anjd
devote themselves to its immediate accompjisli-
ment. The power or weakness that stands in the
Way of thts glorious achievement will be accursed
of God and man. *
But I am trespassing upon the patience of the
House. Bear with me while I pass directly to the
gentleman's attack upon the radicals of Missouri,
and the radical delegation in this House. My
colleagues deny that they ever made or thought
of the compromisealluded to, and the House will
think it strange for the gentleman to have thus
asserted that which bears upon its face the want
of truth. President Lincoln did doubtless confer
with our Senators in regard to General Schofield's
confirmation, as the subject was to come before
them. But if the gentleman who gravely makes
these unfounded charges had appeared more
promptly in his place, instead of lingering on his
way from camp, he would have been better in-
formed in regard to his colleagues. His allusion
to the radical delegation, consisting of some sev-
enty gentlemen from all parts of Missouri, is in
very bad taste and unkind to the President, and his
assertion in regard to the President's answer ad-
dressed to the chairman of that delegation, though
not really replying to that chairman's appeal to
the President, will be pronounced untrue by every
candid man who will examine both documents.
I desire to speak decidedly for myself, and indig-
nantly repel the charge of bad faith or arrogant
assumption orcovert assault which my colleague
prefers. He is becoming mad, sir. We have had
some discussion before; it was unavoidable on my
part. Old feelings and friendships and the prac-
tice of my lifetime have prevented me in these dis-
cussions from unkind, ill-natured, or unjust per-
sonal allusions. He never spared me, but my only
retaliation has been when he spoke or wrote slan-
derously of me to make the facts as clear as mid-
day to all who chose to listen or read. This I
will do with these his last charges. I have referred
to the fact of the gentleman's delay; I will there-
fore relate certain events which transpired before
his arrival. When I first reached the capital,
I found the public mind greatly excited in re-
gaid to Missouri affairs; our own fiicnds were
becoming deeply interested, and the sympathy
for the cause of freedom in Missouri, now the
cause of this Union, had produced an intense feel-
ing against the President. This feeling mani-
fested itself everywhere, but especially in a meet-
ing of national men, best known to the President
himself; not his enemies, but his friends, and
representing the patriotism and intelligence of
twenty States. I can appeal to this noble body
of men for the manner and matter of my ad-
dresses before them in regard to the unhappy dif-
ferences in Missouri between the radicals and tho
President. Shortly after, I was invited to address
the Union League of this city on the Missouri
question. I confidently assert that every liberal
man—ay, the President himself, if he has fin-
ished the Rockville speech and can glance over
mine—will testify that it is at least fair toward
him, and was dictated by elevated, not low,
promptings. I went further; I did talk with the
Piesident (not that I intruded on him) with re-
gard to Missouri matters, but called by a written
invitation to the White House, on business. In
an interview, when he was not pressed by others,
I did plead with him for justice to Missouri. I
related to him facts which I believe were never
known to him before. 1 protested against Gen-
eral Schofield, bccause he had failed to obey his—
the President's—instructions; had committed out-
rages on Union men; had suffered wrongs to be
perpetrated and go unpunished at which a rebel
would blush, and which disgraced him and
cloudcd the justice of my Government; and thus
protesting, from the noblest impulses of the hu-
man heart, if the President had expected me to
compromise with such a man, I would have then
and there resented the foul outrage upon hospital-
