20t)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 27,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CLXIV.—An act to prevent Smuggling,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted- by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmerica in Congress
tesembUd\ That, from t and after the passage of
tikis act, ail goqds, Wares, and merchandise, and
all baggage and'effeccs of passengers, and all other
articles imported into the United States from any
contiguous, foreign country or countries, except
as hereafter provided, as well as the vessels, cars,
ah<Tctther vehicles and enyclopes in which the
same sHaU be imported, shall be unladen in the
presence of^'ahd be inspected by, an inspector or
otter officer of tHe customs, at the first port of
entry or custom-house in the United States where
the same shall arrive; and to enable the proper
officer thoroughly to discharge this duty, he may
require the owner or owners, or his, her, or their-
agent, or other person having charge or posses-
sion of any trunk, traveling-bag or sack, valise,
or other envelope, or of any closed vessel, car, or
other vehicle, to open the same, or to deliver to
him the proper key; aird if such owner,agent,or
other person shall refuse or neglect to comply with
His demands, the said officer shall retain such
trunk, traveling-bag or sack, valise, or whatso-
ever it may be, and open the same, and, as soon
thereafter as may be practicable, examine the con-
tents; and if any article or articles'subject to the
payment of duty shall be found therein, the whole
contents, together with theenvelope, shall be for-
feited to the United States, and disposed of as the
law provides in other similar cases. And if any
such dutiable goods, article or articles, shall be
found in such vessel, car, or other vehicle, the
owner, agent, or other person in charge of which
shall have refused to open the same or deliver the
key as herein provided, the same, together with
the vessel, car, or other vehicle, shall be forfeited
to the United States, and shall be held by such
officer, to be disposed of as the law provides in
other similar cas&j of forfeiture.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That to avoid
the inspection at the first port of .arrival, required
by the first section of this act, the owner, agent,
master, or conductor of any such vessel, car, or
other vehicle, or owner, agent, or other person
having charge of any such goods, wares, mer-
chandise, baggage, effects, or other articles, may
apply to any officer of the United States duly
authorized to act in the premises, to seal or close
the same, under and according to the regulations
hereinafter authorized, previous to their importa-
tion into the United States; which officer shall seal
or close the same accordingly; whereupon the
same may proceed to their portofdestmation with-
out further inspection; Provided, That nothing
contained in this section shall be constiued to
exempt such vessel, car, or vehicle, or its con-
tents, from such examination as may be neces-
sary and proper to prevent frauds upon the rev-
enue and violations of this act: And provided
further, That every such vessel, car, or other vehi-
cle, shall proceed, without unnecessary delay, to
the port or place of its destination, as named in the-
manifest of us cargo, freight, or contents,<and be
there inspected, us provided in section one. •
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to make such regulations,
and from time to time so to change the same as
to him shall seem necessary and proper, for seal-
ing such vessels, cars, and other vehicles, when
practicable, and for sealing, marking, and identi-
fying such goods, wares, merchandise, baggage,
etfects, trunks, traveling-bags or sacks, valises,
and other envelopes and articles; and also in
regard to invoices, manifests, and other pertinent
papers, and their authentication.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if the
owners, muster, or person in cHarge of any ves-
sel, car, or other vehicle, sealed as aforesaid, shall
not proceed to the port or place of destination
thereof named in the manifest of its cargo, freight,
or contents, and deliver such vessel, car, or vehi-
cle, to .the proper officer of the customs, or shall
dispose of the same by sale or otherwise, or shall
unload the same, or any part thereof, at any other
than such part or place, or shall sell or dispose
of the contents of such vessel, car, or other vehi-
cle, or any part thereof, before such delivery, he
shall be deemed guilty of felony, and on convic-
tion thereof, before any courtof competent juris-
diction, pay a fine not exceeding one thousand
dollars, or shail be imprisoned for a term not
exceeding five years, or both, at the discretion of
the court; and such vessel, car, or other vehicle,
with its contents, shall be forfeited to the United
States, and may be seized wherever found within
the United States, and disposed of and sold as in
other cases of forfeiture: Provided, That nothing
in this section shall be construed to prevent sales
of cargo, in whole or in part, prior to arrival, to be
delivered as per manifest,and after due inspection.
- Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if any
unauthorized person or persons shall willfully
break, cut, pick, open, or remove any wire,seal,
lead, look, or otherfastening or mark attached to
any vessel, car,or other vehicle,crate, box, bag,
bale, basket, barrel, bundle, cask, trunk, package,
or parcel, or anything-whatsoever, under and by
virtue of this act and regulations authorized by
it, or any other act of Congress, or shall affix or
attach, or in any way willfully aid, assist, or
encourage the affixing or attaching, by wire or
otherwise, to any vessel, car, or other vehicle, or
to any crate, box, bale, barrel, bag, basket, bun-
dle, cask, package, parcel, article, or thing of any
kind, any seal, lead, metal, or anything purport-
ing to be a seal authorized by law, such person
or persons shall be deemed guilty of felony, and,
upon conviction before any courtof competent
jurisdiction, shall be imprisoned for a term not
exceeding five years, or shall pay a fine of not
exceeding one thousand dollars, or both, at the
discretion of the court. And each vessel, car, or
other vehicle, crate, box, bag, basket, barrel, bun-
dle, cask, trunk, package, parccl, or other thing,
with the cargo, or contents thereof, from which
the wire, seal, lead, lock, or other fastening or
mark shall have been broken,cut, picked, opened,
or removed by any such unauthorized person or
persons, or to which such seal or other thing pur-
porting to be a seal, has been wrongfully attached
as aforesaid,shall be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act the penalty for vio-
lating any of the provisions of the first section of
the actentitled "An act to further provide for the
collection of the revenueupon the northern, north-
eastern^ and northwestern frontier,and for other
purposes,"approved July fourteen,one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-two, shail be a fine of
one hundred dollars, and the same shall be dis-
posed of and applied as herein provided for the
distribution of fines and penalties recovered by
virtue of this act; and so much of the said first,
section as conflicts herewith is hereby repealed.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Tieusury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint whenever he shall think it
necessary, additional inspectors of the revenue
for the districts named below, as follows, to wit:
Passamaquoddy, Maine, four; Portland and Fal-
mouth, Maine, eight; Boston and Charh-stown,
Massachusetts, fourteen; Pembina, Minnesota,
two; Chicago, Illinois, eight; Michilimackinac,
Michigan,two; Sandusky,Ohio,one; Cuyahoga,
Ohio, three; Erie, Pennsylvania, one; Dunkirk,
New York, one; Buffalo Creek, New York, six;
Niagara, two; Genesee, two; Oswego, five; Oswe-
gatchic, two; Champlum, four; Vermont, two.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted-, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall have authority to
remit in whole or in part, and upon such terms
as he shall judge right, the fines, penalties, or for-
feituies incurred or accruing under the provisions
of this act, or of said act approved July fourteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, if, in his opin-
ion, the same shall have been incurred without
willful negligence or any intention of fraud m the
person or persons incurring the same; and he
shall have authority to ascertain the facts upon
applications for remission under this act in such
manner and under such regulations as shall be by
him prescribed, and all fines, penalties, and for-
feituies, recovered by virtue of this act, shall, after
deducting all proper costs and charges, be dis-
posed of and appiied as provided in the ninety-
first section of the act entitled " An act to regulate
the collection of duties on imports and tonnage,"
approved on the second of March, in the* year
one thousand seven bundled and ninety-nine.
ArmovED, June 27, 1864.
Chap. CLXV.—An Act in relation to the Cir-
cuit Court in and for the District of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An act to en-
able the district courts of the United States to
issue execution and other final process in certain
cases," approved March three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases, wherein the district courts of the United
States within and for the several districts of Texas,
Floiida, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, and Kan-
sas had rendered judgments or decrees prior to
the passage of an act approved July fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, creating circuit
courts for said districts, which cases might have
been brought, and could have been oiiginally
cognizable in*a circuit court, the original papers
and all other papers now on file in the district
courts aforesaid, shall be transferred into the
clerk's office of the circuit court for the district in
which said causes were heard and determined.
And it shall be the duty of the district court clerks
of said districts, respectively, to have said papers
so removed. And it shall also be the duty of said
district court clerks to transfer to the offices of
the circuit court clerks aforesaid the books of rec-
ords and journals of the district courts aforesaid,
in which are any entries, orders, or proceedings
affecting? or in any manner relating to, cases
which were of circuit court cognizance, or which
might have been presented in acircuitcourt,after
having first copied into a book for that purpose
provided, all entries, orders, or other proceedings,
which may be found in said books, journals, or
records relating in any manner to cases which
were not of circuit court cognizance, and which
could not have been prosecuted in a circuit
court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That for the
necessary costs and expenses of this transfer of
books and papers, and for the expense of pro-
curing books to copy the entries and orders above
mentioned, and for the copying of said record
entries from the original book into the new one,
at the same rate of compensation now allowed to
clerks of courts for copies from their records, the
clerks of the district courts shall be paid, out of
any money m the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, upon the certificate
of the judge of the district court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the tran-
sct ipts thus igade into a new book, after said book
shall have been certified by the clerk to be full
and true copies from the original book, shall have
the same force and effect as records as the ori-
ginals, and that the clerks of the circuit courts
aforesaid shall be the custodians of the books and
papers transferred to their offices, and their cer-
tificate of a transcript of any of said books or
papers shall be received m evidence with the like
effect as if made by the clerk of the court in
which the proceedings wer<*had.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the terms
of th ecu cuit and district courts of the United States
for said district of Wisconsin shall hereafter be
held as follows: at the city of Milwaukee, in said
district, on the second Monday of April and the
second Monday of September, and at the city of
Madison, in said district, on the first Monday
of January in each year, respectively. And all
writs, process, and proceedings returnable to the
terms of either of said courts, as now fixed by
law, shall he deemed returnable, and shall be con*
tinned to the terms of said courts, respectively,
as fixed by this act: Provided, That all executions,
processes, or orders issued from the district court
of any district in this act mentioned, in cases
transferred to the circuit court, and m part exe-
cuted, shall be regarded as having been issued
from the circuit court to which each particular
case is transferred, and shall be returned thereto.
And no writ of execution or other final process,
or power exercised, or proceeding had m accord-
ance with law to enforce any judgment or decree
shall be affected by reason ot the transfer directed
by this act.
ArrR.ovfc.1), June 27, 1864,
