782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
ity and character, and turned with loathing from
a mansion which should hold within its walls the
type of a great nation's dignity and honor.
' Mr. Chairman, my colleague has grossly mis-
represented the President, so far as I am concerned.
Heliad no praise, no defense for General Scho-
field, in replying to my heartfeltdenunciations of
this official who had so deeply wrongefl the loyal
men of Missouri. But the country is entitled to
'afull statement of everything pertaining to Mis-
souri, and my colleague shall have the pleasure of
hearing it. I went beyond the Schofield matter,
which after all is nothing in comparison with the
glorious theme of Missouri freedom. 1 brought
up the matter Qf emancipation in Missouri. I told
the President how after all our labors, we had failed
to accomplish the object of years of toil, and that
the so-called ordinance of emancipation, carried
through with theaid and approval of my colleague's
oonservati.ve friends in fact emancipated nobody,
and was a hypocritical cheat, if not an outrage. I
prayed him for the sake of human liberty, for the
sake of this Union, because it was just to the en-
slaved whom we had beensolongdeluding, to east
his influence on the side of those who were nobly
striving in our Legislature to call a new conven-
tion, a convention, as we believed, that would ex-
press the real views of our people, and pass an
honest ordinance of emancipation. One line from
him saying that he desired it, and that magic key
transmitted with lightning speed would have un-
locked the resisting hearts and made Missouri
free. The coming spring would have been bright
with the hopes of our future, and the ripening
crops of summer would have been tilled and
gathered in earnest by men, white and black, who
would have closed each day of toil with heartfelt
thanks to God that the air they breathed was that of
a noble Slate washed of its only stain. Hundreds
of thousands of emigrants with their families, who
have watched with interest the struggle we have
made, would have cast their lot with us, and
Missouri, the battle-ground of a nation's eman-
cipation from a foul and damning sin, would
have become the bright morning star, the har-
binger of a more glorious Christianity and civili-
zation.
The President would not write those magic
words, and yetourcondition is not hopeless. The
convention bill, though not passed for an immedi-
ate call, has.nevertheless become a law, and not-
withstanding the blighting influence of conserv-
atism in our State, will be held next November.
Meanwhile Arkansas, Louisiana, Maryland,and
Tennessee are praying and woiking for the im-
mediate abolishment of slavery. Oh ! sir, this is
110 time for hesitation, no time to be idle. We
claim to be in earnest; let us see to it that we
do not deceive ourselves. This year will decide
our faith, our fidelity, our destiny; all depend
upon the honest public sentiment and united
exertions of our people. But I ask your indul-
gence while I refer for a moment to my colleague's
position. On this vital question lie has taken his
stand with the conservatives, and has made a
speech which is adapted to his new-found friends
in Missouri, while lie plants himself here on what
1 believe he calls the President's platform.
Another member of the gentle man's family has
defined the President's policy, t hope I may be
pardoned for contrasting our position on some
leading points with my colleague. We contend
for immediate emancipation without injustice to
loyal slaveowners; he is content with the ordi-
nance already passed, if I understand his position
at this moment; if wrong in this, I would be most
happy if he will correct me. The gentleman from
Missouri early adopted the Jeffersonian idea in
regard to emancipation and deportation. At fn st it
was somewhere near the equator; then distinctly
Central America; once I know his eyes were fee-
bly directed to the tangles and swamps of Chiri-
qui; now, with the honorable Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Lane,] ho has fixed upon the broad and
sunny plains of Texas, and it must be said to his
credit that this last proposition is the best he ever
made, and has some humanity in it. We have
no such theories, have indulged no such unkind-
ness to the unfortunate blacks. We are content
to let them remain where God in His providence
placed them, and with a more elevated sense of
justice to ameliorate their condition at once, and
elevate them as speedily as possible on the soil
that has been enriched by the sweat of their brows
through years of unrequited toil and crushed and
bleeding hearts. Hence we are deeply interested
in the bureau proposed by the emancipation com-
mittee, and in the bill emanating from the com-
mittee on the rebellious States.
We have opposed General Schofield's manage-
ment of the department of the Missouri for rea-
sons repeatedly and clearly stated to the public.
He indorses the general now, though he and his
friends in August, 1862, appointed me chairman
of a committee authorized to present the short-
comings of General Schofield to the President and
beg for his removal, and on that presentation and
prayer he was removed and General Curtis ap-
pointed in his place. Subsequently, on slanders
never madegood againstGeneral Curtis, and from
the pressure of Attorney General Bates, the Pres-
ident had to yield, and removed General Curtis,
against whom to this hour not one single charge
has ever been sustained, and singularly, as every
fact will show, restored Schofield, and now asks
his confirmation from the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Does the gentle-
man assert that I condemned General Schofield at
that meeting, or that 1 authorized the gentleman
to represent that fact to the President?
Mr. BLOW. I assert positively that the gen-
tlemanfrom Missourimadethemotion which sent
me here as the chairman of a committee to ask the
President of the United States to remove General
Schofield.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman is
entirely mistaken. I defended General Schofield
there, and offered no such resolution as the gentle-
man has spoken of.
Mr. BLOW. It so happened that when I re
turned to St. Louis and made a report of the pro-
ceedings of the committee to a meeting of the
gentleman's friends, every one of those gentlemen
accepted the report which I made, upon the basis
I have mentioned, and a resolution was passed in
that meeting, that every thing which had trans-
pired should be kept and considered a profound
seovet.
But, sir, I leave the question of truthfulness
and veracity between the gentleman and myself
to his own friends. None of them will over deny
that there was such a meeting, that I was called
there by invitation, and that 1 was authorized to
come here, and that in that same meeting Isaac
H. Sturgeon and P. A. Dick were appointed to
come with me for this purpose. I brought those
resolutions here and submitted them to the Pres-
ident. These are thi' simple facts of the case.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. All I have to say
is to deny as emphatically ns the gentleman states
it, that I ever authorized him to representme, or
that I offered any such resolution. As a matter
of fact, I state that at that meeting I defended
General Schofield.
Mr. BLOW. God save me from such friends
as the gentleman upon that occasion.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, And God save me
from such a pretended friend who would misrep-
resent facts in such an assemblage as this.
Mr. BLOW. Ourhopeand confidence reston
I lie justice of that honorable body. My colleague
was opposed to constitutional confiscation as in-
expedient; we weie not. He sometimes caters
to the Opposition, as already stated; we have not,
thus far, departed from our faith in the Admin-
istration party in this House. We were here to
vote for an unconditional Union man for Speaker;
it was generally undeistood that the gentleman's
sympathies were notso decided, nor did his organ
fail in abuse of the gentleman we selected. We
can excuse him for the ambition he indulged, but
not for the bad taste of those attacks. Oursym-
pathies and identifications are altogether with a
differentclassat home. We cherish the strongest
Union element, have no semi-Union friends or
supporters, and have drawn, on our clear, dis-
tinct enunciation of principles, almost every sol-
dier in the Army to our standard. We abhorin-
decision, scorn those who have grown rich from
never-ending contracts, and despise those men in
every part of the land who, living on the Govern-
ment, are unceasing 111 their insidious attacks on
its highest and best officials.
We claim to be in full sympathy with the ac-
knowledged friends of the Government, while its
greatest enemies have never coined into language
a greater insult to the loyal people of this land
than is contained in this extract from the Rockville
speech of Hon. Montgomery Blair, Postmaster
Genera!:
"The abolition party, while pronouncing philippics
against slavery, seek to make a ca?tc,of another color by
amalgamating the black element with the free white labor
ot our land, and so to expand far beyond the present con-
fines of slavery the evil which makes it obnoxious to repub-
lican .statesmen. And now, when the strength of the traitois
who attempted to embody a power out of the interests of
slaveiy to overthrow the Government is seen to fail, they
would make, the manumission of the slaves the means of
infusing their blood into our whale system by blending with
it' amalgamation, equality, and fraternity.1
" The cultivators of the soil must then become a hybrid
race, and our Government a hybrid Government, ending,
as all such unnatural combinations have ever done, in de-
graded, if not abortive generations, and in making serfdom
for the inferior caste—the unmixed blood of the conquering
race inevitably asseiting a despotism over it."
We are almost a nation of abolitionists. This
side of the House is supposed to be entirely abo-
lition; the Army of the United States isabolition-
ized,and if you were to come out to-morrow in a
declaration against abolition you would not have
in a month a corporal's guard to fight the battles of
the country. Ay more, sir; arrest this love of lib-
erty and determination on the part of the people
to make every foot of American soil free, and you
lose the only hope of the oppressed nations of the
world. This Republic will cease to exist. A nation
of hypocrites.can never find favor in the sight of a
just God; and I can tell the Postmaster General
that if this great rebellion is crushed and the Fed-
eral authority asserted throughout the land, it
will be effected by an abolition party and an
abolition army, and when effected the black race
will be protected and sustained by this same class
and prepared for that freedom which is now with-
held from them by outrage, violence,and wrong.
There is another plain truth which might as
well be recorded. The strongest supporters of
this Government, from one end of the land to the
other, utterly repudiate the policy defined in this
Rockville speech. The people, who have urged
the President forward, still demand that he and
we shall deal promptly, humanely, and justly
with the freedmen of the Union; that we are
pledged to protect and advance, that the President
himself shall lead in every move for their moral
and political elevation, so that they can enjoy at
once those privileges which the civilized world
expect from our professions and obligations. No
excuse or explanation will now be taken for delay,
inactivity, or indecision. The cries, criticisms,
and arguments of the Postmaster General I hope
will be ejected from the Executive Mansion, nor
be allowed by any inattention of the President to
tarnish the heroes of the "irrepressibleconflict."
This I hope for as much as I do that we will never
suffer any one, though he may assume, as my
colleague has, to speak the sentiments of the Pres-
ident in regard to his repudiation of the loyal rad-
icals of Missouri, to deceive and divide our party,
or divert us from the accomplishment of those
thorough measures now actually necessary to save
us from the charge of insincerity that may soon
be preferred.
God reigns, and this nation should tremble lest
Ilis displeasure rest upon it. To-day is the time
for action; in a week or a month it may be too
late; and if the justice so long withheld causes Him
to withdraw fjis smiles, then indeed are we lost.
There isan unhealthy and fictitious state ofaffairs
in the land; ourpeople feel prosperous; some are
not only prosperous but suddenly rich. The
masses seem dependent entirely on the continu-
ance of this unreal state of affairs, and may be
suddenly awakened from their delusion. The
only safety is in the action of our people; the
effort must be herculean, the struggle short, the
result soon attained. Once start with this feeling
and the national pulse will recover its tone, the
love of gain and ease which has demoralized the
public sentiment will yield to the spirit which
actuated our fathers, and the gamblers in gold so
graphically described by the gentleman from Iowa
will give way to honest men engaged in legitimate
trade. The immense importations now tempora-
rily aiding our Government, but foreshadowing
an impending crisis, will cease, for our statesmen
will becomc wise, increased duties will check im-
ports, and the protection to home manufactures
thus given will fill the country with thrifty men,
and pour actual capital into every spot where de-
velopment is to be rewarded. Do not treat this
assertion lightly. Our imports into New York
since the 1st of January have been $7,000,000
