2804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
therein, and the further consideration of the bill
-is postponed to and made the special order-of the
slay for to-morrow at one o'clock.
• Mr. HOWE. The motion was not to make it
a special order.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 286.
Mr. HOWS. Before that is- done I wish to
remind the Chair that that part of the motion
which proposed to make"this hill a special order
was waived, and it is simply postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is right. Itwas
not specially assigned, but was .postponed until
one o'clock to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the question was put upon making
it the special order; but with the consent of the
Senate, that being the understanding of the Sen-
ate, the record will be made to conform to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no question
-about the fact. The motion was modified and
the bill was simply postponed until one o'clock
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is no
.dispute about the fact, the Journal will be so made
up.
Mr. WILSON. The whole Senate so under-
stand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Journal
will be so corrected.
ARMY NEWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received the following dispatch, which will
be read:
The Sccietary read,asfollows:
War Department, Washington,
Wednhbuav, June 8, 1804, V2 noon.
A dUpfttch from General Grant, dated yesterday aitci-
noon, 3.(15 p. m., report*: "Al! has been very quiet to day.
No casualties reported,"
A dispatch from General Sherman, dated at Aeworth yes-
terday e.vcmni*, 6.30 p. m., nays;
I have been to Alfoona and thai it very admira-
ble for out pmpo«e. It N the gate through the la.-"t oi moht
easn rn >ptn of (he Allegh.uiK,"-. it now becomes. a* use-
ful to n«s siH if wax to the enemj\ being easily defended liom
either direction. The roads hence (irom Aevvorih) into
Georgia are larjjo and yood atid thecountry mote open."
Detail^ oi tho por-iiiou of out tioops and contemplated
movements nre iven, but an* not needed for public inform-
ation. The dispatch further states that%(the enemy not
in our ismnedi.ito front, but his signals. are seen on Los.t
Mountain and ICem'saw."
Dispatelu'sfroiii General Oanby,dated June 3,have been
received, wtueh repoit satisfactory progiess In the oigani-
scation of his command.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Sccrcla) y oj fK«r.
Tne PRESIDENT pro tempore subsequently
laid before the Senate the following dispatch:
\V k1l dkpaktmfnt,
Washington, June 6, l.bQ p. m.
A dispatch from Mr. Dana, at Genet <d Ur.uitMitMdqu.ir
teis, dated last night nl 8.30 p. m., announce* a victoiy i v
Geuer.U Hunter over theiebeN hevond Staunton, atKhh.it
th« rebel General Jones was killed on lhe battle-held. The
dbtpak'h i-5 as follows!
44 Tin- Ua-hmond Examiner of to-day speaks of the de-
feat of O'eneuii \V\ J-], Jones by Geneuii Hunter, twelve
mile* be} oud Siaunton, Villoma. Ueneial Jones, u .n
killed on tln> field. His Mieec^or retired to W';i\ne^boio\
and mnv holds the mountains between Ghailolie-ville ami
Stuunion. The paper tin Uier states that n<> ho-piul.-> or
stores weie captured by Huiiiei.''
Another despatch announce* tlint our foiees occupy
Staunton. HuuteiV vknoiy and that our hoops nceupv
Siaunton is continued by llio lollowmg dispatch just ie-
ceived liom (Jener.ii Botlei :
".•\fl >jU(et on my line, Kiehmond papers of Juno ?
give intelligence of a f'rriit at Mount Ci.uvToid between
General Hunter and <r< nei.il Jones, tn whieh II inner w .is
victojjous. and Jones, rebel eonuuaiulei. u ih killed. !St;iun-
ion was altei wards occupied b> the Union force*. Tne,
fighting wa* on Sunday."
EDWIN M. H'f*AXTON,
So.) vtai 11 of J Far.
1>KKF0HMANCE 01? MIUTAHY DUTW
Mr. WILSON. I renew my motion tu take
up^ Senate bill No. 28G.
f iie motion was agreed to jand the Senate, ny m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (8. No. 28G) to prohibit the dihcha r^e of
persons from liability to military duly by teason
of the payment of money.
It propose!) (<> i,'pi;;d SO much of the act for en-
rolling and railing out ihoimiiomii forces,an(l for
other pill poses, appi uved March 3,186,'S, and the
nets auiendutory tiiereof, as uultiuuzes the dis-
chiu-^i; of any draftid person from liability to
UiilU.uy t.eiviec byteuHon of tile payment of £300
for the procuration of a substitute, or otherwise;
but nothing contained in this act is to be con-
strued to alter the provisions of existing laws rela-
tive to persons actfially furnishing substitutes.
The Committee on Militaiy Affairs and the
Militia reported the bill with an amendment, to add
the following additional sections:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacicd, That nothinc in tbo
aet approved Februai j HA, 1SG4, amending the act approved
March 3, 186'), ioi enrolling and calling out the national
forces, shall be conbtiuedto repeal that part of the s>aid act
approved Match 13, iy(33, which requires thatlho boatd of
enrolhrienf, m makinsdratts, shall " make a draft or'the te-
quited number and fifty per cent, in addition."
Sec. 3. And be itfuHher enacted, That section twelve of
the "Act for enrolling and calling out the juitional force*,
and for other purposes," approved March 3} 1&53, be, and
is hereby, so amended that the notice to be served on dralted
men may be served within ten days aftei such draft or at
any time within six months therefrom.
Mr. WILSON. Those sections are explana-
tory of two sections of the otd act. I will allow
the question to be taken on those amendments,
and then I desire to move a further amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on the first amendment reported
by the committee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that there
is some doubt about the construction of that act.
The old law provided that there should be drafted
fifty per cent, more than the number called for.
It was not intended to change that provision; but
there is some doubt of the construction of the law
as it now stands, and this section is intended to
put that right; to allow them where there is a call
for one hundred men to draft one hundied and
fifty, as under the old law, so that they may have
a surplus of fifty. If the law is understood simply
to require them to draft for the number called for,
they will have to draft over and over again. If
they were one short it would require a new draft.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on inserting- the following us u uav sec-
tion:
■SfUT. 3. dud be it fuidicr cnucfcil, That section twelve
of (lie '-Act for em oiling and calling out the national (oice«.
and lor othei purpose-,'5 approved" March 3, IfcM, he, and
i> heu'by, .-jo amended that the notice to he served on drailed
nil n may be seived within ten da\^ after suoh draft or at
.>ny time Within sit months therehom.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer an amendment
which I propose shall come in as thesecond sec-
tion of this bill:
Jln<1 he U fui'her cnacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted Slates is hereby ,ml hoi i/.ed, on and ailer the pa.^-aire of
tills aet, to call out, iw, a penod not exceeding one yeai,
.nieh number of un-it a- the eugeneies ot the -• ivice may
require bv chatf, according to the pioviMons -it the aet ap-
proved Maich J, 5 entitled uAn aet lor eniullinir and
eaihng out tin* national Hnvcs and foi other pinpo-a-.-.,1'
and the a< t, approved February Mil, entitled "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act tor emollmg and calling
out the national loices, and lor other puijiosos.."'
Mr. WILSON. I now ask to have the message
of lhe Piesident and the letter of the vSecretaiy
of W«r and the communication from the Provost
Marshal General read.
The IMiESl D KNT pro tempore. The Chair will
new lay hcloie the Senate the following message
f'rohi the President of the United States, which,
with the accompanying communication, will be
leaf'.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Tn tin' Senate and IIoji^c of lleprcsovlativcs:
i have the honoi to ^-uhmitioi tlie con<ideiat.ion of*ff.n
triers a 1 tei ,uul mcloMiio liom tin1 rfeeiel uv ol \V,u,
\v nil m\ (. oik uncm e in the lecuimuendatioi] ihcn in madu.
AiiUAilAM LINCOLN'.
Washington, D. O., Jane 8, M>1.
W \u
Wasikw iu.N (.'i'iy. June 7, lv'6i.
Sin I beg leave fo vuluiut to jou a jepmt mad«; to mc
by the l'iov< t Mai -liai (genera!, showimj I in* icmiU ol tne
draft nowgoim? on to fill tire deficiency in lhe quotas of
cei Mm >^iau a'mI recommendmir a u j.-t <il ot the c!aa.-" in
tiie cniollnient aet commonly ku"\vn as the .^^03 eiaUvc.
Toe it commend.ujou ot Uie I'lovo^t Mai-!i:U (Jeneitd is
approved b\ thiv Uepamnen:. and I uu-^tliai it will be
k< eoioniend"'! I>\ \ on to <-on<:i e^^
'J'he recent -uece^ :es that have attended our :irin^ lead
to tin: hope tii it hj niaintauung our ntihraiy i'.n ngth and
^r\uiii tti! an i h ,e^ the cxfj.ded. iieid ot ->pua-
! mi's rn,iy leq.nre ,u. e n IV I. nn,iKi'>on ol Tile \v-u t" ie he
attaint d. Hut to a< eumplMi tin- n i- absolideivuece^Vj v
that (iticient means he t ikon. \\ nh vi^or and I'louip'io-v',
to keep ,hc A. rnv tip to its >tr m^th anu f.upp!v d< iK-icuei,,--
occasioned byliie lo^es-Usraincd by c^ualnes m{he field.
To that end ic^oit nm-t be had to a (halt, but ample e\pe-
ucnee han now sho vu that the peeumaiy cxwmpti.hi iiuin
service frustrates the object of the enrollment law by fur-
nishing money instead of men.
An additional ro'ison ff*r repealing the §.'100 clan*" i«t that
if ^ contemplated to make the draft for a eompamttvely
^horj term. The buide.n of mdiimy service will therefore
be lightened, but its certainty ot iuinibhiu? noopa is an
absolute essurttiai to •?ncces«-'.
1 have the honor to bo, ^ onr obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTOX,
Sco d a-, \j of War.
To the President. t
War Department,
Pkovost Marshal G-bneraii's OFncr.,
Washixgto.v, D. C'.j June 6, 1^64.
Sir: In accordance with the amended enrollment act
approved February 2-1, 186i, and your oider-s on the t-uh-
ject, i am now conducting a draft tn various sub-dHtiicts
lbi their respective deliciencies on quotas of troops here-
tofore assigned. The Jesuits of this draft, so lams shown
by reports of this date, are worthy of attention. They are,
biiefly, as follows:
Number of drafted men examined  14,741
Number fxempted for physical disability.... 4.374
Number exempted for ail other causes 2,632
Total exempted    7,016
Number paid commutation money  5- 0^0
Number who have furnished substitutes..,. 3,410
Number iiuld for personal seivice  
(This last includes some who may yet pay
commutation money.)
Total not exempted     7,7C!5
These reports come from sub-districts in eight ditleient
States. I invite your attention to the hinalf pioportnm of
soldiers being obtained undei the existing law I sot: no
reason to believe that the Army can be mateiially stiength-
ened by draft so loni? as the ^300 clause is in foicc. run do
I think it&atc to assume that the commutation paid by a
drafted man will enable the Government to piocure a vol-
unteer or substitute in his place. I do not think that huge
bounties by the United titntes should bo again resorted io
for raising troops. I recommend that the $300 clause, as
it is known, be repealed.
X aui, sir, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant.
JAMES J}. FHV,
Provott May shut Ccneiul.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of )Vai.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have always
been anxious that the enrollment act should be
as tender in its provisions as possible to the mass
of the people, who ate to bear the buulens of the
draft. 1 have believed, nnd the commutation
clause was inserted in the act originally in the
conviction that it would lighten the harden of
that draft to the mass of the people. I have no
doubt it has done so. Daring this session of1
Congress, when we amended the original act, I
stood alone in my committee in favor of retaining
that provision, and i am exceedingly reluctant
to give it up even now, and I did not vote for re-
porting this from my committee, but expeiience
shows that we cannotraise men under that act so
rapidly as we ought to do, and as the needs of the
country now require. It will be seen from the
statement of the Provost Marshal General that
five thousand men paid commutation, while only
one thousand rendered personal service, and fif-
teen hundred obtained substitutes.
it is now proposed4to make this change, to allow
substitutes to be obtained as formerly, to prevent
the payment of money, and to reduce the term of
service from three years to one year. I think we
can raise the men for a short time very readily.
The Government has no power to draft under the
present act, although the Secretary seems to speak
of it as if they had, for any time less than three
years. Under the old militia law they had power
to draft for nine months; but they do not propose
to draft under that law. The enrollment act, as it
now sranda, is almost perfect in its framework,
being the result of a great deal of experience..
But, sir, I think it would be very hard to draft
men for three years and not give them the privi-
lege of paying this commutation. I cannot vote
to do so. We want men now; and if we can ob-
tain men by diafting for one year we ought to do
so, fur we hope the woik will be done in that
lime. I move this amendment so that the time
shall not exceed one year, for I want these two
piovisions to stand together, the one repealing
the clause allowing the payment of commutation
money, and the other reducing the time from
three years to one year, leaving it discretionary
with the Government to fix the number of the
months.
Air. JOHNSON. I ask fo: the reading of the
amendment pioposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I do not understand it as he states it.
The Secretary again read it.
