1864.1
APPENDIX TO; THE OO^NGREBSKM Ali GrlOBE,
*
Laws of the. United Stated.
38th
Chap. CLXVI.—An Act to repeal the Fugitive
Slave Act of eighteen hundred and fifty, and
all Acts and parts of Acts for the rendition of
Fugitive Slaves.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of. Repre-
tetitatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That sectionstftreeand four of an act
entitled " An ict respecting fugitives from justice
and persons es'cagifrg from the service of their
masters," passed February twelve, seventeen
hundredand ninety-three,and an act entitled "An
act to amend, and supplementary to, the act en-
titled 'An act respecting fugitives from justice,
and persons escaping from the service of their
masters,'passed February twelve,seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-thre<*," passed September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, be, and the same Are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
Chap. CLXVII.—An Act to provide for the Im-
provement of the Grounds of the Government
Hospital for the Insane by an exchange of
. Land.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJimericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized to deed to John Perkins a por-
tion of the extreme south point or angle of the
farm of the Government Hospital for the Insane,
in exchange for t'w'd acres of land, more or less,
now owned and occupied by the said Perkins,
and situated near the middle of that side of the
hospital farm which fronts upon the public roads:
Provided, That not more than three acres are given
for one contained in the last described piece of
land belonging to the said Perkins: And provided
further, That the said Perkins is able to give, and
does give, to the United States a good and suffi-
cient title to the piece of land now owned and oc-
cupied by him.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior is further authorized to de-
fray the expenses of moving the dwelling house
on the present Perkins tract to the tract exchanged
for it, and of digging and walling a well, out of
any appropriation already made, or that may be
made, for inclosing the grounds of the hospital.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
Chap. CLXVIII.—An Act to provide for the
Repair and Preservation of certain Public
Works of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, (Hid hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, in protect-
ing the commerce of the lakes by causing the
public works connected with the harbors on
Lakes Cham plain, Ontario, Erie, St. Clair, Hu-
ron, Michigan, and Superior, to be repaired and
made useful for purposes of commerce and nav-
igation, so far as thesame, in his judgment, may
be necessary.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That there be,
and hereby is, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
further sum of one hundred thousand dollars, to
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War, in repairing and rendering useful for pur-
poses of commerce and navigation such of tiie
public works connected with the harbors on the
seaboard of the United States as may, in his judg-
ment, need such expenditure.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to incorporate the Col-
ored Catholic Benevolent Society.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States nf America in Congress
assembled. That Basil Mullen, John Warren, Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, Chailes Dyson .James M. Fer-
rell, David Ailkins, William Glueen, John H.
Butler, William Ford, and their associates and
successors, be, and they are hereby, constituted
and declared to be a body politic and corporate,
by the name and title of the Colored Catholic
Male Benevolent Society, located in the city of
Washington, and by its corporate name shall have
perpetual succession, with power to sue and be
sued, to implead-and be impleaded, ii) any court
of the United States, or of the District of Colum"
bia, of competent jurisdiction, to receive subscrip-
tions, gifts, and benefits, and to make such rules'
and by-laws as shall be neeessary and expedient
for the government of the society, and to alter the
same from time to time in such mode as shall be
prescribed therein: Provided, always, That such
rules and by-laws shall be in nowise inconsistent
with the Constitution or laws of the United States,
or with the objects of the society; The objects
of the society are hereby declared to be to provide
for the care and comfort of such members as shall
be siclc, disabled, or dependent, and of the fami-
lies of such members, in cases where the oifieers
of such society shall deem it expedient, and also
to provide for the decent interment of such per-
sons as may die m membership of such society,
or belonging to the families of such members.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
society shall have power to hold real estate, or
personal and mixed estate, by purchase, gift', or
devise, for the purposes of such society and no
other, and to lease, sell, or convey such real es-
tate or mixed estate, or personal property, as may
be devised or donated to such society, and the
leasing or sale of which will promote the interests
of said society.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That Congress
shall have the right, at any tune, to modify,
amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
Chap. CLXX.— An Act repealing certain Pro-
visions of Law concerning Seamen on board
public and private Vesselsof the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That so much of an act entitled "An
act for the regulation of seamen on board the pub-
lic and private vessels of the United States," ap-
proved the third of March, one thousand eight
hundred and thirteen, as makes it not lawful to
employ on board any of the public or private ves-
sels of the United States any person or persons
except citizens of the United States or person [s]
of color, natives of the United States; and so
much of the third, fifth, sixth, and seventh sec-
tions of an act concerning the navigation of the
United States, approved the first of March, one
thousand eight hundred and seventeen, as con-
cerns the crews of vessels therein named; and so
much of the first section of an act entitled "An
act to repeal the tonnage duties upon ships and
vessels of the United States and upon certain for-
eign vessels," approved the thirty-first of May,
one thousand eight hundred and thirty, as makes
discrimination in favor of vessels certain propor-
tions of whose crews shall be citizens of the Uni-
ted States, shall be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed: Provided, however, That officers of vessels
of the United States shall in all cases be citizens
of the United States.
Approved, Juue 28, 1864.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Act to increase Duties on
Imports, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of lite United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That on and after the first day of July,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed bylaw on
the articles hereinafter mentioned, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, on goods, wares, and
merchandise herein enumerated and provided for,
imported from foreign countries, the following
duties and rates of duty, that is to say:
First. On teas of all kinds, twenty-five cents
per pound.
Second. On all sugar not above number twelve,
Dutch standard in color, three cents per pound.
On all sugar above number twelve, and not'
above number fifteen, Dutch standard in color,
three cents and a half per pound.
On all sugar above number fifteen, not stove
dried, and not above number twenty, Dutch stand-
ard m color, four cents per pouud.
On ail refined sugar in. form ofloaf, lamp,
crushed, po vttdered , pul verged*. or: graaulated;
and all stove-'dried or other riugar1. above number,
twenty, Dutch standard in color, five cents: pes
pound   ProvidedyThat the.standord.by whinlvths
color and grades of sugai'are tobeueguiatedshait
be selected and famished to ttacolfeetoriSof such;
ports of entry as may be necessaryl by the Secre-i
tar,y of the Treasury, from time to.time, an«Hft
such mariner as he may deem expedient. : c-t
On sugar-caBdy, not colored,- ten cents per!
pound. On ail other contoctionery,nototherwise
provided for, made wholly or, in! part,of sugar,!
and on sugars after being refined ; whe  tinctured,
colored, or in any way adulterated, valued: at
thirty cents per poundi or tessi fifteen cents per
pound. On allicopfeetionery vatluedabcive thirty
cents per pound, or when' said by,the box,pack-
age, or otherwise than by the pound, fifty pec
centum ad valorem. . - >
Third. On molasses from sugarcan%, eight-
cents per gallon. On sirup of sugar-cane juicfe#
melado, concentrated melado, or concentrated mo-
lasses, two cents and a half per pound: Provided i
That allsirupsof sugar.or sugar cane,cane juice,
concentrated molasses, or concentrated melado,
entered under fee name of mo!asses,.or any other
name than sirup, of sugar, or of sugar cane,«one
juice,concentrated molasses,or concentrated me-
lado, shall be liable to forfeiture to the United
States, and the same shall be forfeited.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law m the articles
hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col<-
leeted, and paid, on the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise enumerated and provided fox in- this
section, imported from foreign countries, the fol 
lowing duties and rates of duty, that is to say:
First. Ori brandy, for. first proof, two dollars
and fifty cents per gallon, • : ■ ., - : .,i >
On other spirits, manufactured or distilled from
grain or other materials, for first proof, two dol-
lars per gallon.
On cordials, and liqueurs, of ,all kinds-, and ai>
rack, absynthe, kirschejvwassar, ratafia,and other
similar spirituous beverages, not otherwise pro-
vided for, two dollars per gallon.
On bay rum, one dollar and fifty cents per gal-
lon.
On wines of all kinds, valuedsat not over fifty
cents per gallon, twenty cents per gallon and
twenty-five per centum ad valorem; valued at over
fifty cents and not over one dollar per gallon, fifty
cents per gallon and twenty-five per centum ad
valorem; valued atover one dollar per gallon, one
dollar per gallon and twenty-five per centum ad
valorem: Provided, That no champagne or spark-
ling wines, in bottles, shall pay aless rate of duty
than six dollars per dozen bottles, each bottle con-
taining not more than one quart and more than
one pint, or six dollars per two dozen bottles,
cach bottle containing not more than one pint.
On all spirituous liquors, not otherwise enu-
merated, one hundred per oentum ad valorem:
Provided, That Uo lower rate or amount of duty
.shall be levied, collected, and paid, on brandy,
spirits, and other spirituous beverages, than that
fixed by law for the description of first proof, but
shall be increased in proportion for any greater
strength than the strength of first proof; and no
brandy, spirits, or other spirituous beverages
under firsuproof shall pay a less rateofduty than
fifty per centum ad valorem: Provided further,
That all imitations of brandy, or spirits, or of
wines imported by any names whatever, shall.be
subject to the highest rate of duty provided for
the genuine articles respectively intended to, be
represented* and in no case less than one dollar
per gallon: Jlndprovided further, That brandies,
or other spirituous liquors, may be imported in
bottles when the package shall contain not less
•than one dozen; and all bottles shall pay ^.sep-
arate duty of two cents each, whether containing
wines, brandies, or other spirituous liquors sub-
ject to duty as hereinbefore mentioned.
Second. On ale, porWr, and beer, in bottles,
thirty-five cents per gallon; otherwise than in
bottles, twenty cents per gallon.
Third. On cigars of all kinds, valued at fifteen
dollars or less per thousand, seventy-five cent#
per pound and twenty per centum ad valorem;
