1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
that "order" rephotographed, and I will have it
decorated and gnrnished with the portraits of the
forgers and disseminators of the forgery, so as to
perpetuate their memories and villainies in con-
nection with this specimen of their art.
Now, sir* it is not my purpose to follow these
men who have been guilty of this baseness to-
ward me any further. These dogs have been
set on me by their master, and since I have
whipped them back into their kennel i mean to
hold their master responsible for this outrage
arid not the curs who have been set upon me.
The evidence, sir, shows that this forgery was
made public by a Treasury agent who knew at
the time that he made it public that I had no in-
terest whatever in the goods covered by the order;
who knew it so well that the goods having been
seized he turned them over to their properowner,
because there was no ground for their seizure and
confiscation. He turned them over to the man
who appealed on the paper to own them,and yet
he retained in his hand this pap<ir, to which he
had no right, and gave it out for publication after
I had been assailed in the newspapers of my
city for speculating in this whisky. He gave
it out for publication after he knew the facts of
the case and had had his attention called to tlium,
because 1 had attacked Mr. Chase in a speech in
St. Louis and assailed his trade regulations. So,
sir, if any officer of the Army, or any member
of Congress, or any gentleman feelssufficierit in-
terest in publication's, and in the honest conduct
of public business to assail in a publicspeech its
management in the Treasury and the operation
of Treasury regulations, he lays himself open
to assaults fsorn the Secretary i.-f the Treasury
and all the hounds and dogs that he can set upon
him, and he is to be hunted and dragged down by
false charges and by foigcry.
It is for the House to decide whether one of its
members, in the face of the facts whi<-h were
brought to his knowledge when he liist made
these charges on this fi ior, shall he peimuted to
reiterate in a mannei so gioss and oiFensive that
which he utterly failed to substantiate when put
to the test, and escape without censure, it is for
the members of the House to decide whether such
a person is wot thy of association with them or
not.
When I resumed my seat m this House,! felt
myself constrained by a sense of duty to my con-
stituents to ask for a committee to investigate the
manner in which the " regulations of trade" with
the States in insurrection have been carried out by
the Secretmy of the Treasury. But it seems that
the Secretary's friends had not„the same con-
fidence in a committee of Congress as I have
shown, for when I asked for a committee to in-
vestigate the charges which had been made against
the Secretary, of sacrificing a vast public interest
to advance his ambition, his friends upon this
floor refused it, and 1 was assailed in all the news-
papers of the country with having made that al-
legation against the Secretary because he had
stopped my " liquor speculation."
Now, Mr. Speaker, permit me to say that when
the Secietary of the Treasury was advanced to
his present position, although my good wishes
were worth nothing to him at the time, yet he had
them. I was in favor of his appointment. As a
matter of course that was of very little conse-
quence so far as his appointment was concerned,
yet it isa fact well known. It is of consequence
simply so far as it shows that 1 was not mimical
at that time to the Secretary. The reason of my
change of sentiment toward him was that! under-
stood that he had authorized the mayor of Balti-
more to proclaim on the streets of that city on the
19th of April that he was in favor of letting the
States in rebellion " go m peace," and because I
also ?ook this impression from the tenor of his
conversation that it was his opinion and wish that
they should beallowed to go in peace. 1 under-
stood tiie same thing from the publication* made
by newsnapeis in his own State which were re-
gaided as expressing ins sentiments. The alle-
gation was made that such was ins position, and
it was never denied by him. It was accepted as
a fact by all.
I know, and he will not deny his written and re-
corded opinion, thst he was opposed to the rem-
fnieement of Fort Sumter. i knew that after
Fort Sumter had fallen he had opposed the call-
ing out of a huge and sufficient foice to put down
the rebellion, and although he and others of the
men of his party and my party then (but I hold
no party relations then or now with peace men)
were compelled by the war cry that went up after
the fall ofSu inter to abandon apparently their peace
position. Yet Mr. Chare, I soon found, never
really abandoned his determination to cut off the
southern, States. On the contrary, he has en-
deavored to work out, by another programme,
the very thing he was then in favor of doing—of
letting the South go. He is now for making them
go, so far as their condition as States is corf-
ccrncd. He is unwilling \hat they should ever
return to interfere with his presidential aspira-
tions.
Why, sir, it was perfectly understood in {he
second session—the long session—of the last Con-
gress, that he favored the annihilation of the State
governments of the South. His friends in both
Houses made that proposition; those who had
the most intimate relations with him in both
Houses made that proposition. And it is pressed
in this House again this wintei in a disguised and
insidious form, and under the pretentious title of
"reconstruction," but which is in fact intended
for the destruction of those States; but this being
the very crime of which the rebels in arms are
guilty, and which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Ashley] charges upon them, it is thought con-
venient to give the operation another name. The
bill reported by the distinguished gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] representing the com-
mittee on the rebellious States, which, by the
way, is composed to a considerable extent of the
Pomeroy private circular committee, for I un-
derstand that the gentlemen from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis,] from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] and from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blow,] are members of both these
committees, is a bill which could very properly
have come from the Pomeroy committee. It is
a bill which should have been entitled "a bill
for the permanent dissolution of the Union, to dis-
franchise the whites and enfranchise the negroes,
to prevent any of the States from coming back in
time to vote for Mr. Lincoln for President, and to
promote the ambition of the Secretary of the
Treasury." It is a bill which requires the con-
sent of Congress for the readmission of any of
these States to the Union.
The gentlemen proceed in their disfranchising
bill upon the pretext that the usurpation of the
rebels for the hour has destroyed the States, or
that the forces of the United States sent to drive
out and overthrow the rebel power which held
the State, and national Governments in the South
alike in abeyance, are to be considered conquer-
ing forces, extinguishing the local constitutions
the nation is bound to guaranty. Looking to the
root of the matter, the cause of all our disasters,
proves that instead of consideiing the State gov-
ernments abolished, Congress would best perform
its functions by amending the Constitution of the
United States itself, so as to eradicate slavery from
our whole system. This simple remedy which can
be attained by adhering to the forms of the Consti-
tution itself, supersedes the revolutionary schemes
of those who would convert the States into Ter-
ritories and assert absolutism over them in regard
to their future admission into the Union. The
foundf rs of the Government saw the lurking evil
in admitting the slave-tolerating clause in the
Constitution; they foretold its fatal tendency.
Our present Chief Magistrate, before he was
thought of for the place he held, predicted that
this Government "could not endure permanently
half free and half slave." And can there be a bet-
ter solution of the danger than that furnished by
the Senate's bill incorporating Jefferson's ordi-
nance of freedom with the fundamental law of the
nation? Lit not better than disfranchising States
and robbing loyal men of their rights, putting
them on a footing with rebels already disfran-
chised by their bloody treason ? Our soldiers in-
voke the loyal citizens of the South to join their
ranks, and patriots everywhere would call on the
loyalists of the South to renew the glorious asso-
ciation of free States of the North and South by
joining with its yrmed deliverers m the reelection
'of the man who first organized free government
over our whole country, and has thus earned the
high privilege of inaugurating the renewed and
most auspicious career of the Union.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman from Missoui i, but if we are to have all
these questions discussed upon a personal ex-
planation this discussion -will take a week's time.
I am therefore constrained to raise the question
that the remarks of the gentleman are not in ocder.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will say, \o the
gentleman from Vermont that I am simply en-
deavoring to show the motives which caused me
to oppose Mr. Chase, and which opposition on
my part caused him to retort upon me by an as-
sault upon my character and reputation by the
forgeries committed and disseminated by his un-
derstrappers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order of the gentleman from Vermont.
The debate upon the report of the special com-
mittee must be confined to the subjects of that
.report. That report nowhere refers to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and it is not in order, there-
fore, to continue the line of remark the gentleman
from Missouri is indulging in.
Mr. FENTON, The gentleman from Mis-
souri will permit me to remark that unless it is
entirely inconsistent with his convenience it would
accommodate the business of the House very
much if he would postpone his explanation until
some other day. I would suggest, therefore, that
he allow this matter to go over for a few days,
and let us now proceed with the public business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say to the gentleman
from New York that I understand the gentleman
from Missouri is to leave the city this evening.
Mr. FENTON. I was not aware of that. I
of course, then, withdraw my proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will proceed in order, but he must confine
his remarks to the report of the special committee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will endeavor to
confine myself to the report of the committee, and
i think I shall show before I have concluded that
what I have been saying is pertinent to that re-
port, and is a reason why it should be printed,
f do not suppose the Chair desires to dictate to
me what line of argument I shall pursue.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to confine the discussion upon the report of the
special committee to thesubjectofthatreport; and
the Chair will say that he cannot allow any such
latitude of debate as the gentleman has indulged
in. The decision of the Chair is of course sub-
ject to reversal by the House. He thinks that
if the line of remark of the gentleman could be
regarded as pertinent to the report there is no
subject whatever connected with the war that
could not be discussed upon that report.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri.^ I say that I am
endeavoring to show why this attack has been
made, and T think that is competent in discussing
this report.
The SPEAKER. The conduct of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was not referred to the se-
lect committee, and has not been reported upon
by them.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The report dis-
tinctly shows that this attack was made upon me
because of my opposition to the Secretary of the
Treasury; that this was the cause of the personal
attack which has been made upon me. The case
is precisely similar to that made before the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war, and which will
be found in their whitewashing report. Fremont
said that I quarreled with him because he would
not give a contract to my friends. I showed that
the contract was actually made upon his older,
over his own signature.
The SPEAKER. The Chairagain thinks that
the remarks of the gentleman from Missouri are
not in order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. This attack was
made upon me for the same reason, and with the
same motive, bccause I had assailed the Secretary
of the Treasury in regard to his trade regulations.
It was retorted on me that J was a dishonest man,
and that I was mad at his regulations because
they deprived me of opportunity for whisky spec-
ulation, and this was done by a man in office, re-
tained by Mr. Chase in office ever since, and who
will probably be retained for this very service.
i have already adverted to the motives which
led me to separate from Mr. Chase, I had in-
tended to make some further remarks, but inas-
much as the Speaker has ruled them out of order,
and i have been compelled so often this morning,
to appeal to the House to give me permission to
speak, I will not follow that point further.
