1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee accomplishes his purpose. 1
understand him to say that, he is against the re-
pea] of the commutation clause provided a call
can bo made by the President for troops for the
period of three years or ar.y period longer than
one year, and the amendment that he has offered
he has offered for the purpose of taking from the
President the authority to make the call for a
longer time than one year. He does not repeal
the acts which are now in force, and I am by no
means sure that unless they are repealed, or those
portions of them which authorize the call to be
made for a period of three years, the President
may not have the alternative of making the call
for three years or any longer period than one
year, not exceeding three years, even if the amend-
ment is adopted. The object of the honorable
member of course is to deny him the right to
make a call for a longer time than one year. If
he will phrase it, if it is notalready done—it does
not strike me as being very plainly done by the
amendment—so as to say no call shall be made un-
der those antecedent laws for a longer period than
one year  
Mr. COLLAMER. It provides that the term
for which the draft is hereafter to be made shall
not exceed one year.
Mr. JOHNSON. Under this act. That is
what it says. That is what struck me.
Mr. WILSON. No; it mentiorts the title of
both the other acts.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it will accomplish the
purpose.
Mr. COLLAMER. The first expression in
the amendment is perhaps doubtful. I think it
says that the President " may" do this, instead
of " shall."
Mr. JOHNSON. It ought to be put beyond
doubt.
Mr. WILSON. I do not object to putting it
beyond doubt. Certainly I want to give the Pres-
ident the authority to call men out for a term of
one year or less.
Mr. JOHNSON. But he thinks he has that
power now.
Mr. WILSON. Iknowthey think at the other
end of the avenue sometimes that they have got
authority to do things which some of us think
they have not, and we have taken occasion to say-
it. I have no doubt on the point that under the
enrollment act the draft most be made for three
years. It cannot be made for a day more or
less.
Mr. JOHNSON. It cannot be made for a day
more, that is very certain; but I suppose the
ground upon which the Department and the Pres-
ident hold that under that act they may make a
draft for a period short of three years is that the
greater period includes the less. They are au-
thorized to make a draft for three years, but they
may make a draft for a less time. That is the
view they take of it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me,
I will state that I have just read the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts. It
authorizes the President to call for one year's men
under the bill that is now before the Senate.
Under the previous laws he can call for three
years' men.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what I supposed.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not confine it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what I thought when
I first rose. We can put it into shape so as to
leave it without any doubt. I was about to say
further, and 1 might as well say it now as at any
other time, after the amendment shall have been
reduced to form to accomplish the purpose of the
honorable member 
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
again read, if theie be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jind he it father enacted, TliatUie Prcaidentof file Uni-
ted States is hereby autholiz**d on and attei the passage ol
lliH act to e.itl out "lor a period not exceeding one year ^sich
nun'her nt men the exigeneie? of tile service may leqtine
liy diatt, aceeidmg to tiie provmond of tiie act appioved
Maicli 3, 18133, entitled '-An act for enrolling and calling
out the national foieet?, and tor oilier pmpo^es." and thf1
act appioved Felirumv 34, 186-1. emitted ••Anaefto amend
an act entitled 'An net for einolhng and calling out tiie
national loices) and for other purposes.' "
Mr. JOHNSON. That certainly requires
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. In what respect?
Mr. JOHNSON. He would still be authorized
to call for three years' men under that provision.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the purpose, and
we can amend it in a form to leave it beyond all
doubt. - _ j
I was about to say, assuming that th,is difficulty
is obviated by an alteration of the amendment so
as to answer the purpose, that even with that al-
teration, which is to limit the power of the Presi-
dent to a call for three years, I cannot vote for
the repeal of the commutation elause. I would
very much prefer, if it is found that the commu-
tation clause does not provide a sum sufficient for
the purpose of procuring a substitute, that the
amount be increased, and for this reason: when
the law was first passed, as nobody knowsbetter
than the chairman of the committee who advo-
cated it, it bccame exceedingly unpopular, and
there was an attempt made to persuade the public
mind that it drew an invidious distinction between
what are called the poor and the rich; that whereas
the rich man could easily pay his $300 and get
clear of the draft, the poor man would not be able
to pay his $300; but it was soon found by expe-
rience that even in the case of men who were too
poor out of their own means to advance the $300,
if their condition in their neighborhood was such,
in the estimate of those by whom they were sur-
rounded and who were in better circumstances,
that it was a very hard case to compel them to
take the field and leave their families unprotected,
the poo were raised by others for them. If this
bill passes repealing the right to commute, there
will be a much betterground for appealing to pop-
ular opinion as against the equality of this legis-
lation, because of the difference in pecuniary
means between men. You leave still to the man
drafted the right to procure a substitute. That
the rich man can do.
The theory of the Executive, and of those at
whose instance he advises it, is, that the $300are
not sufficient in the hands ot the Government to
procure a substitute. Why? Because the price
for which alone a substitute can be procured will
be $600, or any larger sum. If that is true—and
to a certain extent it will be true—those who are
able to raise their  G00 or $1,000, and go into the
market, can get clear of personal service by pro-
curing a substitute; while the poor man ^who
cannot raise the money, neither by himself nor
by his friends, will be compelled to lender per-
sonal service. The only possible way in which
equality of duty founded upon allegiance can be
brought about by what is proposed by the War
Department and the President is by rendering
the draft imperative upon all, that all who are
drafted shall render personal service without sub-
stitutes. If the honorable chairman and the Sen-
ate will reflect for a moment they will see that we
are saying to the poor man, " You must go into
the field and risk your life, and absent yourself
fiom your family, but he who has the means of
procuring a substitute shall not go, if he thinks
proper, into the field." He may procure a substi-
tute and remain at home, safe out of harm's way.
Personally, therefore, unless absolute equality
| is to be enforced, 1 very much prefer, if the$300
commutation money is not adequate, so as to en-
able the Government to procure a substitute, to
increase it to four or-five hundred dollais. But
just as certain as you enlarge the number who
'will require substitutes—and you doitto the whole
extent of your draft as far as relates to those who
are able to procure substitutes—will you increase
the price of the substitute; and the consequences
of that will be that our poor fellow-cttizena will
" be forced to take the field, while their rich neigh-
bors stay at home and discharge their duty to the
country in dollars and cents, their bodies being
out of danger and their families not being sub-
I jocted to the agony to which the families of the
land are now being subjected by losing husbands
and fathers and brothers.
I shall, therefore, vote against the proposition
to repeal the $300 clause, being perfectly willing
to enlarge it to five or six hundred dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the amend-
merit by adding the following section to it:
Jhid he it fuithcr evaded, Th.it all P' r>oiw who have been
drafted under the act-;, or mthcr of th
, of which lurs is
amendatory, and who have been discharged from tbkirlia4
biluy to military duty by the payment oi eGnimutajiOtt
money, shall be liable to any future draft as though ho such
commutation money had been paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. That wouldnot be keeping
faith. ., -
Mr. CONNES£S. -If I understand -the_ amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, it provides that
persons from whom the Government has taken
money to the amount of $300, with.the agree-
ment that they should be exempted from the,draft
for three years, shall tiow be declared to be sub-i
ject to the draft again. If itis to bo so un(|t?rstood
I cannot vote for it. . - ,
While up, I will say that while I am prepared to
vote for ,tlie re peal of the commutation clausw, and
allow the act to stand, leaving the person drafted
the right to present a competent substitute upon
such terms as the parties may see fit to arrange be-
tween themselves, I cannot vote for a proposi-
tion which shall reduce the period of the draft,to
one year. It appears to me that the proposition
to reduce the period of the draft to one year is
very nearly equivalent to a proposition to aban-
don the war. That is how it strikes my mind.
After it shall be adopted I shall .expect next a
modification that the draft shall be for the period
of ninety days, so as to come up to the first esti-
mate made of the continuance of this war.
I think it is not the time, Mr. President, when
our armies are in the field and in conflict, some
of them suffering reverses and others engaged in
the death-throes of battle with insufficient re-
serves behind them, to teach the country that we
are to have hereafter but a single campaign; or,
in other words, that the war shall last, so far as
our declarations are concerned, but for one year.
I think it is time, in the face of those facts, to
exercise the power of the Government to call out .
the citizen wherever lie shall be found, who is
subject properly to military duty, and to teach
the enemy, the world abroad, and our own peo-
ple, that we intend to,continue this war. 1 look
with disfavor and will cast my vote against the
proposition to reduce ;the period of the draft to
one year. I regret very much that there is any
evidence that it is adopted as the policy of the
Government or the Administration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to have the Sen-
ator from Iowa offer his amendment as a separate
proposition, and after the vote shall be taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, if he will so shape it. I desire to vote for
his amendment, and I desire to vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I believe, sir, that any attempt now to make the
period of enlistment or of conscription one year
will be virtually an abandonment of the war. I
believe with the Senator from California on that
point, and I do not believe in putting it in the
power of this Administration to take thai, atti-
tude. I shall, therefore, desire to yote against the
amendment,of the Senator from Massachusetts,
and to vote for that of the Senator fiom Iowa, if
he will so shape it that 1 can do it.
Mr. GRIMES. I will withdraw my amend-
menuin til after the question is taken on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the amendment of tne
Senator from Massachusetts be made intelligible—
and without that I suppose it is of very little value
any way—so as to require the draft to be made
for a period of one year, I am inclined to vote to
favor of it. I am not very much of a military
man; but my impression has been that we can very
much better do that now than we could at the
beginning. The regiments which we have formed
have been all organized. We have probably
many of them as we shall ever want, and if we
could keep them full it would be all that would
be necessary. I suppose they arekept pretty
well officered. The vacancies occasioned by the
loss of officers could be filled up by appointing
men from the ranks, raising them up to positions.
Then we should have organized regiments villi
a considerable number of veteran troops among
them. I think itaitogether the better way to order
■a draft from time to time to fill up those regiments.
