1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
more than in the same time last year, which at the
present premium on exchange and gold will re-
quire full $11,000,000. In the same time our ex-
ports of produce have fallen off over $8,000,000
making a difference against us in eight weeks of
$19,000,000 of gold, and this difference must be
added to the constantly increasing one of the last
six months. The signs of extravagance all around
us indicate a crash. The error must be checked;
economy in the Government and in the people
must be enforced by wise legislation, or this crash
will soon be upon us.
There was printed in London and Paris recently
a pamphlet written by a citizen of the South,
entitled, Emancipation the Duty, Policy, and
Strength of the South. These pamphlets,as I am
well assured, were sent in large numbers to Rich-
mond, and the party acknowledging their receipt
in the rebel capital for president Davis writes in
reply to the suggestion of arming and emancipa-
ting the slaves, that they are notready for it yet,
though every day is bringing them nearer to the
inevitable conclusion. It will not do to agitate the
subject; the pamphlets sent for circulation favor-
ing emancipation were retained, biding a little
time for circulation. This comes from a reliable
source, and the pause which now prevails may be
broken by the announcement that the South, to
gain her independence, surrenders her pride and
her corner-stone, and rests on a basis which is in-
destructible.
Mr. Chairman, this country has the largest
Army the modern world has ever seen; the finest
Navy that floats; a people so generous that we
vote millions where our statesmen formerly hesi-
tated to spend thousands; and all this comes from
our single purpose to have a free and united Gov-
ernment. Such a Government we must have. It
is our only hope. Are we to be faithful to the
people ? Are they prepared to be faithful to them-
selves? If sotheerrorsofthepastmustbe blotted
out, and then, and then only,will our country be
prepared for triumph in the cause of human free-
dom.
My prayer is that we may have the courage
and ability to act so justly that the Supreme Ruler
of the universe will not abandon us.
Mr. McDOWELL. Mr. Chairman, availing
myself of the wide latitude which the debate has
assumed, I shall not attempt to perform the use-
less task of inquiring whether the present un-
happy and desolating war in which our country-
men are engaged might have been averted. Nor
shall I speak of the causes which produced it,
further than to state the single fact that it arose
out of the unwise and fanatical agitation of the
subject of domestic slavery. This is the Pandora
box out of which has issued all our woes.
When the presentill-fated war was inaugurated,
the President assured the country that it was a
war to repossess the Government of the public
property, to preserve the Union, and to enforce
the laws. Our generals commanding likewise
proclaimed, at the head of the Army, that it was
a war " for the Union." The Secretary of State
officially announced to the civilized nations of the
earth in a more elaborate and extended manner
the same great fact; while the Congress of the
nation, with almost entire unanimity, proclaimed
that this was not a war of conquest or subjuga-
tion, or a war to interfere with the rights or do-
mestic institutions of the States, but a war to pre-
serve the Union and maintain the supremacy of
the Constitution. Sir, I challenge the production
of a single instance in the history of this or any
other country where the people rallied with such
unparalleled enthusiasm in defense of their im-
periled institutions as did the people of this
country after the fall of Sumter. Party names
and dissensions all perished, and the heart of this
great nation throbbed as one deep, unanimous, and
universal whole. So intense was the public feel-
ing, that in the short period of fifteen days nearly
three hundred and fifty thousand volunteers of-
fered their services to fill the contingent of sev-
enty-five thousand, and more than forty million
dollars were contributed by States, cities, and
individuals.
Congress convened in extraordinary session
on the 4th of July, and on the 6th by an almost
unanimous voice voted five hundred thousand men
and $500,000,000 to arm, equip, and maintain the
Army of the Union; and by the following Decem-
ber nearly eight hundred thousand men, agreater
number than ever marshaled beneath the victori-
ous banners of Cassar or Napoleon, rallied to aid
the Government in vindicating the honor and in-
tegrity of the Union.
The country rejoiced at this unparalleled ex-
hibition of devotion to the Union; and it im-
parted a reassured hope that our victorious legions
would speedily conquer an honorable peace, and
restore again our good old Union. The country
likewise pointed to Missouri, to Kentucky, to
Ten nessee, to Arkansas, to Maryland, to Western
Virginia, to theintrenchments of Henry and Doir-
elson, to Pea Ridge, to Shiloh, to Antietam, to
New Orleans, as trophies of theirprowess and re-
nown, and as achievements that will adorn the his-
toric page- in all time to come. Sir, our great tri-
umphs on land and on sea, with the people of the
North united in heart, soul, and purpose, and
the South defeated, disheartened, and divided, en-
abled the country to quietly repose in the grand
thought thatspeedily the rebellion would be over-
thrown , and the Union move onward in her career
of prosperity and renown.
Hut, sir, these pleasing anticipations were des-
tined not to be realized. At this stage in the
mighty drama a new enemy boldly entered the
arena; that same old abolition enemy that for
moVe than a quarter of a century past has been
teaching the doctrine that this Union could not
endure permanently half slave and half free; that
there was "an irrepressible conflict" between
these once united, happy, and prosperous States;
that there was a higher law than human consti-
tutions and human enactments; that this Union
ought not to be restored as it was, and that when
restored all men in it must be free and equal.
Acting upon the doctrines so laid down and in-
culcated, Congress lost no time in responding to
the wildest and most visionary schemes of these
radical  nthusiasts, and instead of regarding the
true interests of the country and the promotion of
the welfare of the brave men who had imperiled
their lives in defense of the Republic, these Halls
became the theater where abolitionists vied with
each other in their zeal for the negro; as how to
feed him, clothe him,liberate him,arm him,edu-
cate him, and place him on an equality with white
men.
Lest it might be considered that I am exagger-
ating the true state of facts, let me call the atten-
tion of gentlemen for a moment to a synopsis of
their legislative career:
1. By the numerous abolition harangues.
2. By the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia.
3. The passage of a law permitting the testi-
mony of negroes in certain cases against the
whites.
4. The repeal of the law against the transporta-
tion of the mails by negroes.
5. The amendment of the Articles of War, so
as to make it a high offense for an officer of the
Army to return a runaway slave to his owner.
6. The refusal to make it an offense of like char-
acter for an officer to entice away a slave.
7. The passage ©f a law recognizing as our
equals the negro Governments of Liberia and of
Hayti.
8. The passage of a confiscation bill, aimed at
slavery.
9. Tfhe act authorizing the President to call ne-
groes into military service.
10. The admission of the State of Western Vir-
ginia on condition of abolishing slavery.
11. Prohibiting the existence of slavery in all
the Territories of the United States.
12. The passage of a law forever prohibiting
any person connected with the rebellion from
holding any office of honor or profit.
13. The compensatory emancipation scheme
of the President.
14. The passage of an act indemnifying the
President and his subordinates against prosecu-
tions for the commission of illegal and unconsti-
tutional acts.
Sir, unwise, unjust, illiberal, and unconstitu-
tional as much of this legislation was, it did not
satisfy the requirements of these radical gentle-
men; on the contrary it operated but as a stimu-
lant to demand the adoption of more unreasonable
and dangerous partisan measures. They now
boldly announced their policy to be " tax, fight,
emancipate," as the trinity of the nation's sal-
vation. They assured the President that if he
would issue his presidential edict proclaiming the
slaves in the rebellious Statesand districts forever
free, the highways would throng with patriots,
more ardent and devoted than-were the crusaders;
that " Father Abraham" would behold the em-
battled hosts of abolitionism coming six hundred
thousand strong to overthrow the armed legions
of the rebellious South. They assured the coun-
try that it would witness an exodus of these chil*
dren from the house of their bondage unparal-
leled since the days that Israel's dark-eyed
daughters celebrated with timbrel and dance the
exodus of God's chosen people in the olden time.
The President, being neither a Washington in
wisdom and patriotism, nor a Jackson in resolu-
tion and statesmanship, complainingly yielded to
the pressure, and in an evil moment hearkened to
the voice of this abolition siren. In violation of
the fundamental principles upon which this Gov-
ernment is founded, and upon which it has been
so successfully administered from the days of
Washington down to the days of Abraham Lin-
coln; in violation of his own party platform which
he declared was a lawunt* him; in opposition to
the avowed policy and object of the war; and in
the exercise of an arbitrary power which no king
or emperor of Europe could wield without pro-
ducing revolution, save perhaps the Czar of Rus-
sia or the Sultan of Turkey, he declares by one
sweep of his pen that the entire social and indus-
trial systems of the South, as they had existed
for more than a century, shall exist no longer, and
that three million negro slaves shall be forever free.
And now, sir, after the observations and expe-
riences of eighteen months, I wish gentlemen to
tell me where are the grand results that were to
compensate this nation for yielding to such ex-
traordinary arbitrary power? Where have the
highways thronged with the embattled hosts of
abolitionism panting for revolutionary battle-
fields? Where are the solemnly promised six hun-
dred thousand men ? Sir, prior to the date of this
proclamation volunteers to the number of nearly
thirteen hundred thousand had responded to the
call of the Administration. Neither Greece nor
Rome in their palmiest days ever boasted such
mighty armies; and the eagles of Napoleon were
carried in triumph beyond the Danube and the
Po, and into the very heart of the old commercial
metropolis of the northern Caesar with less than
half of the mighty host that voluntarily went
forth to fight in the sacred cause of the Union.
The hopes of this great nation were concentrated
in the stoat hearts and strong arms of that mil-
lion and a quarter of brave men. But the proc-
lamation was issued, and with it came a change
in the entire object and policy of the war. With
it came dissensions and divisions in the North.
With it came a destruction of the freedom of
speech and of the press. With it came a suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus, and a denial of
the right of trial by jury. With it came military
orders and invasions of free homes,arbitrary ar-
rests, mock trials, bastiles, and exile. And with
it ceased volunteering. That same Congress was
compelled togo to the despotisms of the Old World
and drag out from their musty lecordsan uncon-
stitutional conscription law, to compel our people
to advocate, aid, and carry out a newly-inaugu-
rated war policy. Asa necessary consequence to
that extraordinary act of the President, that old
Constitution about which the people of the coun-
try had boasted so long was torn in fragments
and scattered to the winds; and all power became*
concentrated in the hands of one man.
But, sir, if this unwise radical policy produced
these disasters with us at the North, it was in-
finitely more disastrous in the States of the South.
The President had assured us in his message that
there was a majority of the people of the rebellious
States m favor of the Union. I ask gentlemen on
the other side of the House to tell me now where
is that Union majority? Where to-day are those
Union men whose hearts beat responsive to the
music of the Union? Alas! the result of your
proclamation and of your radical policy was to
fill the defeated armies of the South and unite
their people with increased hostility to the Union
of their fathers. That was its effect. Sir, it
seems strange that, notwithstanding the effect of
that policy having been so disastrous, gentlemen
are determined not to let the experience of the
past be a light to guide them in their present or
future course. Strange as it may seem, these
