mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
I*et them remain the same, putting in the new
drafted men with the old experienced men in the
ranks; and they have all been pretty much filled
up by reenlistmentsfor three years until this cam-
paign came off, which has decimated them. They
Bhould be filled}as I think, by drafting, and draft
men from year to year, and by filling your ranks
with those men you will keep the regiments in
very eood condition.
This idea of drafting men for three years and
compelling their service is more than has yet
been attempted in this country. I am not pre-
pared to say what the effect will be; but this I
will say: if you take away commutation, the price
of substitutes of course will rise very much; they
will be entirely beyond the reach of poor men or
those having a moderate competence. When-
ever you dispense with this commutation money
so that men can ask just what price they please
as substitutes, substitutes will be entirely beyond
the reach of men of moderate competence and or-
dinary people in my quarter of the country, and
therefore they must go into the service. If they
are drafted to go away from their families and
farms for one year, some exertion might be made
by friends and others in some measure to sup-
ply their labor at home for a single campaign;
but if you draft these men for three years at a
time and under such circumstances, doing away
with the commutation, as compels them to go, it
is an unreasonable and an unnecessary call upon
them. If you call them for the campaign to fill
up your old regiments, and lot them go home at
the end of one year and fill the regiments up again
with others, that will be requiringin some degree
a turn-about among men, so that each may fur-
nish some proportion of his service; but this
drafting of poor men, and arranging your law in
such a manner that they cannot pay the substitu-
tion money and cannot lure substitutes, on ac-
count of their high price, and drafting them for
three years at a time, seems to me to be a very
unnecessary and unreasonable burden, not called
for oven by our extreme exigencies. I think it
should not bo done. If the time were fixed at one
year, and then you repealed your commutation
clause, it might be endured; but even then it is
subjected to all the objections which the Senator
from Maryland has made to it; there are serious
objections to it; but the great and serious diffi-
culty is, that you go to a man and say to him,
You must leave your wife arid children for three
years together, but your neighbors arc not to go
at all." That ought not to be done.
Mr. WILSON. I am sorry to disagree with
some Senators in regard to this question of time.
I think it of vital importance to obtain men now
within a few weeks, and 1 think it much easier
to obtain men for one year than to obtain men for
three years. It is a very hard thing to go to the
people of the country and say to them, " We draft
you into theservicoof the United States for three
years; we will not allow you to pay commuta-
tion." It is especially a very hard thing to do
when you do it in communities that have been
hard pressed by previous efforts to fill theirquotas,
as some portions of the country have been. Sir,
I believe we can obtain ten men by drafting for one
year easier than we can obtain one man for three
years.
Mr. BROWN. How?
Mr. WILSON. I believe if you put tho term
atone year men will say, "I will not pay the
commutation money; I will not try to geta sub-
stitute; I will go into the service and do my part
for one year." But three years is a large portion
of a man's life; he feels the burden; he feels the
interruption of all his social relations and all his
business affairs; and it is very hard to say to him,
u You shall go; you shall not pay any commu-
tation." Some Senators talk aa though drafted
men ought not even to have the privilege of pro-
curing substitutes, and of paying the large price
for substitutes which they will have to pay if we
pass this bill. They average some.$5G0 at the
present time. The bounty for substitutes or en-
listed men throughout the United States to-day
will average at least $500; and if you repeal this
portion of the enrollment act the bounty will go
up to double or treble that amount.
Sir, I think by adopting this proposition we
can obtain all the men we want and put them into
the field much sooner than in any other mode;
and the time is of great importance to us, espe-
cially at a period like this, when we want men to
sustain our armies that are advancing. Experi-
ence is proving to us that the old regiments m the
field that have been filled up by* drafted men, by
substitutes, and by enlisted men during the past
winter, have fought w«ll and bravely, equal to
any troops that have ever fought in the country.
I am told by officers who have had two or three
hundred of these raw men put into the old regiments
during the present winter that the new men be-
haved admirably in every respect. What we now
want is to fill up the regiments thathave been cut
down by the late battles; and it is an actnotonly
of sound policy but of humanity to the people
to have it understood that the term of service shall
not exceed one year.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, if he will excuse the expression on my
part, seems to me to be engaged in an effort to
reason away the courage of the country. When
the enrollment bill was before this body, and the
honorable Senator was conducting it here as the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
his proposition to limit the period of draft to two
years was received with no favor in the Senate.
That was about three months ago or thereabouts.
What change is it that has come over the spirit
of the dream of the country, or those who are
conducting its Government, that should make
them demand that the period of service now
should be but for one year? I know there is. a
great deal of force in the suggestion made by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, that new men
in old regiments, under experienced officers \yho
have been in the field and understand the duties
and fatigues and labors of war, are >vorth more
than new men in a comparatively disorganized
condition with new officers and scarcely any
organization.
But, sir, shall we not avail ourselves of the
value of those new men in the old organizations
for a longer period of time than one year3 1 ask,
is there any prospect to-day in the aspcctof mil-
itary affairs that demands that we should ask for
a less period of service than we have heretofore
asked for? Has the alternative not existed pre-
sented by the term of u three years or the war?"
if the war shall be ended before three years, will
not these men be subject to be discharged? Do
you mean to teach the men of the country who
are (it to be soldiers that they are fighting for the
money they receive? Do you mean to unlearn
them the lesson that we have endeavored to teach
them, and which they themselves, I think, un-
derstand, that they fight for their own country,
and for the perpetuated liberty of their people?
Mr. President, the difficulty that has stood in
the way of drafting from the beginning of this
war has been the irritation the draft has caused
to the people, and from the application of the
draft, the Government have gone to the offering
of bounties in extravagant sums to obtain soldiers.
Why did the Government not persist in the sys-
tem of draft? I apprehend it was because they
preferred to pay a large amount of money rather
than to subject the people to irritation. Are you
going to subject them now to irritation annually
to fill the ranks of your armies? Are the people
to be taught at this period of the war that they
will have a draft regularly once a year, and then
in addition as often as there shall be spasms a*t
headquarters? Is that to be the policy upon which
this war is to be continued hereafter? If it is, I
can but say that my soul is sad; that my fears
are superior to my anticipations of the future.
It is not my office to condemn here, but the
contrary; at least so I feel it; but why is it that
with the power to draft, our armies should be en-
gaged in single contests as they are at this time,
without one hundred thousand additional troops
ready at any moment of time to be pushed for-
ward as reinforcements? When only a few days
since a proposition came from a few of the Gov-
ernors of the northwestern States to furnish
one hundred thousand men for one hundred days,
what lesson did it teach? It taught this unmis-
takably: the country were indirectly, if not di-
rectly, told by the proposition and Us acceptance
and its indorsement by Congress that this cam-
paign would end the war. I trust in God that
this campaign will end the war; but I say it is
unwise, I say it is unsafe to make the impression
in the country, and to have these spasmodic
\^ jerka substituted for the persistent determination
that becomes a great and intelligent people in the
conduct of a great contest like this. There is
nothing that astonishes the people who come here
from the Pacific coast more than the half-hearted
courage with which this war is being conducted.
Sir, there is power enough in the nation, there
are resources enough in the nation, if God would
only give us some power to organize it and to
precipitate it against the enemy to win these bat-
tles, and to close this contest within a short time.
If God would but inspire somebody, if He would
but plant in some mind in authority the power to
organize and then the power to direct, this great
contest would be closed with more glory to the
American people than ever before fell to the lot of
any portion of mankind.
But, sir, instead of that we have had promises
to the people and the world that the war was to
last ninety days and then close; that we should
end it in the next year ccrtainly. We have tho
power to call out men by draft, but we fail to ex-
ercise that power; and now it is proposed to de-
clare by the legislative authority that we will not
call upon the men of America to fight this great
battle lest they should be disturbed in their civil
avocations, lest they should suffer some hardship
by being removed from the theaters of peace to
the great theater of war. All this is proposed to
be done, sir, while day by day, if not hour by
hour, theie come to our tables dispatches that
tell us of sanguinary conflicts where thousands
and tens of thousands and continual tens of thou-
sands of our brave heroes fall.
I undertake to say it here, Mr. President, that
this war could have been closed long ago if the
courage of the leaders of the people was equal to
the courage of the people themselves. Why,
sir, love of country among the people is a pas-
sion. To-day it but wants to be appealed to; it
but seeks a leader; it but ciaves a master hand
and a master spirit to guide it. Only recrntly
you have had a magnificent exhibit of it. From
having had chloroform in homoeopathic doses ad-
ministered to the courage of the people by its
military leaders, the country has reached outand
welcomed the hero Grant who now leads our
forces so near the rebel capital. I say here, God
give him power, for he shows a persistence, a
tenacity, and a heroic courage unparalleled at
least in the history of this war thus far. Now
that you have found one man at least worthy of
the homage of the nation, are you going to leave
him by failing to build up a courage behind him ?
Why, sir, your military leaders cannot have
courage so long as by your acts you demoralize
the courage of the body of the people.
I hear much here and elsewhere upon the prop-
osition of whether we shall use white men and
black men in carrying on this war. Why, sir,
I would use the beasts of the field; I would in-
voke the powers of heaven; and 1 would com-
mend those fiom the infernal regions, that each
might do its part in eating out and teanngout
from the heart of the nation the malignancy that
is directed at its vital seat; and while it was being
done it would be the performance of a high office
could a portion of that be directed at the craven ♦
cowardice, the shilly-shallying, tho modifications
by spasmodic jerks that are not characteristic of
the spirit of the noble people who first planted
themselves upon this continent, that are not char-
acteristic of the advanced intelligence of the noble
and magnificent courage that lies to-day, ascer-
tain as we sit here, in the bosoms of our people.
But Senators say " Deal easily with[the people."
The people say "Command your hosts forward."
Why, sir, what is the fact? and no better test, no
better proof, can be presented. Let Grant take
Richmond to-morrow, and though*syour con-
vocations nominate civilians for the highest office
in your gift, the people with acclamation would
take him up and blot out all your flimsy woik at
one stroke.
I tellyou, sir, the hearts of the most courageous
men in your midst, the hearts of the purest men
in your midst, the hearts of that portion of the
people without whom you cannot maintain your
Government, without whom you cannot conduct
the war, without whom you cannot be wise in
council, demandnt your hands another spirit than
that which you show, a spiiit equal to that which
the great body of the people feel who never, thank
God, have a motive but to be right.
Mr. President, t do not imagine that any word
