1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
j.
Ipril 23,
I made the allegation in the House the other
day that I could prove frauds and corruptions in
the trade between the insurrectionary States,and
I asked an opportunity to do so and I was re-
fused. The organ of the Treasury Department
in this House, the distinguished chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Ste-
vens]—
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to make a statement.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What about?
Mr. JULIAN. In regard to this question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield?
Mr. BLA1R, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. JULIAN, i'wish to remind the gentle-
man from Missouri that the friends of Mr. Chase
did agree to refer the question of his alleged mis-
conduct to a committee of both Houses specially
charged with the duty of investigating all con-
tracts growing out of this wai.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. What had those
trade regulations to do with contracts growing
outofthewar? [Laughter.] Yes, sir, and I was
going to say so myself. I was going to say what
the gentleman has said so much better than 1
could; and it was done on the motion of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr
Stevens,] who represents the Department of the
Treasury in this House. From that I should
judge it was done at the instance of the Secretary
of the Treasury himself.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know by what au-
thority the gentleman says that I represent the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. You represent the
committee of finance in this House.
Mr. STEVENS. But the Committee of Ways
and Means does not represent the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It represents the
Treasury Department m this House.
Mr, STEVENS. The gentleman from Mis-
souri does the Secretary of the Treasury injustice
by saying that 1 represent in any manner the
Treasury Department.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am sorry that I
havedonethedistingnished gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania any injustice. It looked so to me at the
time.
Mr. Speaker, I regretted more still that the
motion should have been proposed—after the fail-
ure of the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens]—by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,} from the Secretary's own
State, & gentleman who distinguished himself
here and in the field, and from whom I had hoped
fairnessand justice toward me. The motion car-
ried. It would not have been made at all had it
not been foreseen that the special committee which
I asked would have carried when itjjame up m
its regular order, and of which I had given notice.
It was to forestall me from giving it any direction
of that kind, to prevent my having control of the
inquiry according to parliamentary rule. It w$s
against parliamentary rule to take a subject of
that kind out of the hands of those favorable to
the investigation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit me to interrupt him.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I yield to the gen-
tleman with pleasure.
Mr.STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman re-
fers to the resolution I introduced.
Mr, BLAIR, of Missouii. 1 did.
Mr,STEVENS. 1 introduced that resolution,
1 will say frankly, in order to secure an impar-
tial investigation. 1 did not think, after what the
gentleman had said, that he waa a fit person, to
sit as chairman of the committee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Pa rhamentarv law
looks at thatdifierently. 1 may nofc-be a lit judge,
but I do not propose to go into any controversy
on that subject, and do notgive myaelfthe slight-
est concern as to the opinion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] m regard to
my fitness or unfitness for such a position.
But the parliamentary law isdttferent. It con-
fides every subject to those who are in favor of
an inquiry, and it says definitely that those who
have expressed themselves against the thing
ought, when they are appointed on the committee,
to retire from the committee; and yet the mem-
bers of the committee, to which the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania referred this inaltei, went
against that resolution of mine. And after the ,
members of that committee had voted against the j
matter itself, they ought to have declined to act, J
under parliamentary law. :
But the subject was sent to that committee, an j
impartial committee. Well, sir, if you will look ;
at their report in the case of Fremont, you will ,
find that two of the members of that committee I
in this House refused to sanction that whitwash- 1
ing report, for the reason that the evidence of j
ma-terial witnesses was wanting before that corn- i
mittee. Here is what they say: j
As the testimony which the committee submit in relation ]
to the Western department is so incomplete, the testimony i
ofso many wituessesdeeined matei ml by the u hole commit- !
t<-'« being wanting, the undeisigned decline to eoncunn the 1
above report, and for themselves pi efer to mi tun it the testi- '
mouv without comment. I). W. GOOCfl, '
- ' M. F. ODELL. !
This is the impartial committee that made the :
finding m the Fiemontcasr—whitewashed him—
to which the matter in reference to the Secretary
of the Treasury is to be submitted in preference
to a committee which would have been formed by
the honorable Speaker of this House upon my
resolution. This is the committee which reported
in favor of Fiemont, when two members of it
came in here and said to the House that the evi-
dence of witnesses which had not been brought
before the committee was so important that they
could not concur in the report. This is the im-
partial committee in which the friends of the Sec-
retary of theTreasury wish to bury his delinquen-
cies and hide the frauds of his agents and partisans
who are plundering the Government; a commit-
tee whicn refuses to take the evidence " of so
many witnesses deemed material by the lohole com-
mittee t" and yet feels itself constrained to white-
wash the presidential aspirant of its own party
on trial before them! Mr. Chase and his fi lends
have reason to pi efer this committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of order.
I do it because 1 propose to confine the gentleman
who shall answer him to a more stringent and
rigid adherence to the rules. My point is that
the course of the gentleman's remarks is not per-
tinent to the report made by the selectcommittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is not in order in the remarks he has made;
and as he has leave of the House, upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
bijrne.] to proceed m order, he must confine him-
self to the report of the select committee.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I propose to do
that.
The SPEAKER. That is not what the gentle-
man has been doing.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, sir, since it
is not in order to refer to that committee 1 will
say that £ think it already disposed of in that
brief report of the two dissentingmembeis, and
therefore I leave the point, simply saying that
the whitewashing that was putupon Geneial Fre-
mont has dropped off.- A more impartial com-
mittee, in the shape of a court-martial, afterwards
sat in Missouri, tried his accomplice loractsdone
by his order and under his authority, and cash-
iered him from the Army. I refer to the court-
martial in the case of Major McKinstry, the
" friend" and quartermaster of Fremont while he
was in Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromMissouri
is not in order. The gentleman must proceed in
order or he must discontinue his remarks. The
point of order as to the latitude of debate lias not
been made by the Chair but by a member upon
the floor.
Mr. BLAIR,of Missouri. I understand where
it comes from, nnd I am very sorry I cannot, speak
to please certain gentlemen. I am endeavoring
ro vindicate myself, and i have the permission of
the House upon this occasion to speak upon that
report in vindication of myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has permis-
sion to proceed in order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Now, sir, the al-
legation, out of revenge for which this charge was
leveled against me, was that there had been cor-
ruption and fraud m the whole valley of the Mis-
sissippi in the.se trade regulations, that these
agents were selling permits, and I offered to prove
it. That was refused. Now certainly it is not
out of order for me to show that what I said and
what I offered to prove was true, and to show
still more conclusively how atrocious it was to
make this false charge against me to cover fraud
and malfeasance in office.
Now, sir, since I had the honor to speak to the
House upon that occasion when my committee
was refused, I have received some letters, and
here is one which is exceedingly interesting, dated
Vicksburg, March 9, 1864. i vouch for the in-
tegrity and ^respectability of the writer. %
Vicksborg, March 9, 1804.
Dear General : From appearances it seems not unlikely
that di«cus>ion may ari*e during the session respecting the
commerce of the Mississippi valley and us relations to Ihe
TieaMiry Department, i hope I may stand excused for
offering the result of my obseivatiou*- bttween Memphis
and New Oileans.
As I wrote you before, the ostensible i canons given for
the ptesent interference with trade ar" i\\ o, namely . (isst, to
prevent contraband ot war reaching!tie enemy, and second,
to laise a revenue fiom the iusunectionuiy "disincts. No
one can see moie clearly than yourself the actual tenden-
cies of the system. It does not prevent the smuggling of
contrabands—ay I am piepaied to show—and tbi-= method
of laising revenue is botli costly and cumbrous. Ftirthei,
tiie system, however well meant in design, is proving dis-
astrous in piactice.
By an unwise provision in theTiea-uuy t emulations ba^od
on the confiscation act, the infoimant who libels any prod-
uct belonging, to the public enemy, is entitled to halt the
ptoceeds of the sale, by filing bonds for the amountui c<i o
the owner should claim his propeity llnough oalh ot par-
don. The consequence is that the agent*- ot the Titasury
Department have abandoned the moie legitimate duties of
their office for the more profitable one of libeling cotton,
which, if honestly carried out, would include nineteen
twentieths of all now in these districts. It mu-t be appa-
rent to you that these agents can, instead of taking half, by
a fiction with the aid of friendly petjury, lake neaily the
whole, which, according to my belief and infonnation, is
actually the practice.
I do but give expippsion to common repoit when I say
that the Treasury officials bv means of outsiders are now
engaged in the most gigantic robbenes of modern times,
exceeding the famous opeiauens of Clive in India, .Solar
has this gone that some ot them at lea-t are f|uartelitig
about the spoils. Judge (lart ot iVatchez and McDowell
of Vieksbtng are at this moment di-puting about mx hun-
dred bales. I grieve to say that the Goveinnient is not
likely to get its own between them. Indeed, jti> tepotted
officially that less than one 1 mud ted bales have been tinned
over to Government cilice July la^-t. It would he well to
eail fot a return of aH cotton. See., seized and turned over
in this valley. The lylly of the present system is seen also
in tiie fact that about eight bundled horses and mule- and
annual*. biough' in by the late taid have be< n nansleitcd
to the Tieasury Department, and are now dying foi lack
of attention.
The chief evil ts cotruption, and it takes vauou- fonn-*.
Among other-? it is known t!).it thiriy and fury thousand
dollars woith of goods have pa-sed beyond the liin- in one
day, duly •' permitted." Nothing is moie simple and ea-.y
than to get a "permit" to ship a bane! oi which,
when beyond the lines, proves to be a bairel of poicussiou
cap^, as was actually the case with rive ban els " permitted"
at Memphis.
The influence of the pitsent Treasnty>y>tem e\ilami
evil only, and Ihe only suie, piopet, and sale i emed.v h total
abolition. The vast swaim os official-, like locmt>,air
eating up the jevenue. The itrowtsig power ami patronage
of the secretary are, as jou aie await, beinu iwd to m
fluence the next presidential election, and the pow ei -ouaht
to be placed m his hands in Congress! is (nil of danger.
1 desire especially to call vour attention to the nansler
of all the abandoned propeity, inelndina plant.) tion-, to
that Department. Under that sssteni the Ti<\i--iis\ has
overturned the wholesome regime adopted by Adjutnnt
General Thomas, and is now tanning out its privileges
without reference to law or economy. A tax has been im-
posed on all cotton raised by liee labot, without autliouty
nom Congiess. The condfiton of the va^t number of col-
ored people is rapidly becoming woise under this rule, f
cannot but regaid it as an anomaly to place theieasmg and
woiking of abandoned plantations m the icvenue depait-
ment. 'it is essentially a maitiai affair, with apolitical,
civil, and philanthropic side; and would, therefore, have
been more properly assigned to the Department of the In-
tenorj or it it is contemplated to establish a Buieau of
Agriculture, the IreedmenS affaiis would legitimately be-
long to it. You can determine the tendencies of this latter
measure lately under consideration.
From the vast influx of negroes now coming into our
lines, it lias become imperative to establish some thotough
and couipieherisive system for their disposal. They come
with the annies, and are at once incumbrances and pesti-
lence. Any system must contemplate foi them a govern-
ment of ioree and military piotecnon. The Aimy, with
Us organized commissaiiat, can best govern them, them-
selves furnishing the class of soidieis toi tin' puipo-c. By
reasonable care they can be made not only self supporting,
but an actual source of piofit to the Government. Ten
thousand o( them are at woik woiking in this district now,
I need not urge upon you the expediency of watching
every attempt of the enemies of the Administration to ex-
tend their uupaialleled pationag". The struggle lias lairly
commenced here, and the enormous gains of the placemen
and their favorites aie used lavishly.
The reading of this letter was interrupted by
the following proceedings:
Mr. HIGBY. 1 call the gentleman to order.
There is no evidence m the whole proceedings to
bear out the gentleman in the rematks which he
is making in that paper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
stated to the gentleman from Missouri that the
