202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juno 30,
38th-Cons....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
valued at over .fifteen dollars and not over thirty
dollars per thousand, one dollar and twenty-five
cents per pound- and thirty per centum ad valo-
rem; valued at over thirty dollurn and not over
forty-five dollars per thousand, two dollars per
pound and fifty per centum ad valorem; valued
at over forty-five dollars'per thousand, three dol-
lars per pound and sixty per centum ad valorem:
Provided, That paper cigars or cigarettes, includ-
ing wrappers, snail be subject to the same duties,
imposed on cigars.
On snuff and snuff flour, manu factured of to-
bacco; groundj dry, or damp, and pickled, scented,
or otherwise, o£ all descriptions, fifty cents per
pound.
• On tobacco in leaf, unmanufactured and not
stemmed, thirty-five cents per pound.
On tobacco manufactured, of ail descriptions,
and stemmed tobacco not otherwise provided for,
fifty cents per pound.
• • Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid, in lieu of the
daties heretofore imposed by law on the articles
hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid on the goods, wares,and merchan-
dise, herein enumerated and provided for, im-
ported from foreign countries, the followingduties
and rates of duty, that is to say:
On bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising
flats not less than one inch or more than six
inches wide, nor less than three eighths of an inch
or more than two inches thick; rounds not less
than three fourths of an inch nor more than two
inches in diameter; and squares not less than three
fourths of an inch nor more than two inches
square, one cent per pound. On bar iron, rolled
or hammered, comprising fiats less than three
eighths of an inch or more than two inches thick
or-less than one inch or more than six inches
wide; rounds less than three fourths of an inch
or more than two inches in diameter; and squares
less than three fourths of an inch or more than
two inches square, one cent and one half per
pound: Provided, That all iron in slabs, blooms,
loops, or other forms, less finished than iron in
bars, and more advanced than pig iron, except
castings, shall be rated as iron in bars, and pay
a duty accordingly: And provided further, That
none of the above iron shall pay a less rate of
duty than thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On all iron imported in bars for railroads and
inclined planes, made to patterns and fitted to be
laid down on such roads or planes, without fur-
ther manufacture, sixty cents per one hundred
pounds. On boiler or other plate iron not less
than three sixteenths of an inch in thickness, one
cent and a half per pound. On iron wire, bright,
coppered, or tinned, drawn and finished, not j
more than one fourth of an inch in diameter, not
less than number sixteen, wire gauge, two dol-
lars per one hundred'pounds, and in addition
thereto fifteen per centum ad valorem; over num-
ber sixteen and not over number twenty-five, wire
fauge, three dollars and fifty cents per one hun-
red pounds, and in addition thereto fifteen per
centum ad valorem: Provided, That wire covered
with cotton, silk, or other material shall pay five
cents per pound in addition to the foregoing rates.
On smooth or polished sheet iron, by whatever
name designated, three cents per pound. On
sheet iron, common or black, not thinner than
number twenty, wire gauge, one cent and one
fourth of one cent per pound; thinner than num-
ber twenty, and not thinner than number twenty-
five, wire gauge, one cent and a half per pound;
thinner than number twenty-five, wire gauge, one
cent and three fourths of one cent.per pound.
On tin plates, and iron galvanized or coated
with any metal by electric batteries, or otherwise,
two cents and a half per pound.
On all band, hoop, and scroll iron from one
half to six inches in width, not thinner than one
e:ghth of an inch, one and one fourth cent per
pound.
On all band, hoop, and scroll iron from one
half to six inches wide, under one eighth of an
inch in thickness, and not thinner than number
twenty, wire gauge, one and one half cent per
pound
On all band, hoop, and scroll iron thinner tlmn
number twenty, wire gauge, one and three fourths
cent per pound.
On slit rods one cent and one half per pound,
and on all oiher descriptions of rolled or ham-
mered iron not otherwise provided for, one cent
and one fourth per pound.
On locomotive tire, or parts thereof, three cents
per pound.
On mill irons and mill cranks of wrought iron,
and wrought iron for ships, steam engines, and
locomotives, or parts thereof, weighing each
twenty-five pounds or more, two cents per pound.
On anvils and on iron cables, or cable chains,
or parts thereof, two cents and a half per pound.
On chains, trace chains, halter chains, and fence
chains, made of wiie or rods, not less than one
fourth of one inch in diameter, two cents and a
half per pound; less than one fourth of one inch
in diameter, and not under number nine, wire
gauge, three cents per pound; under number nine,
wire gauge, thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On anchors, or parts thereof, two centsand one
fourth per pound.
On blacksmiths'hammersand sledges,axles, or
parts thereof, and malleable iron in castings, not
otherwise provided for, two cents and a half per
pound.
On wrought-iron railroad chairs, and wrought-
iron nuts and washers, ready punched, two cents
per pound.
On bed-screws and wrought-iron hinges, two
cents and a half per pound.
On wrought board-nails, spikes, rivets, and
bolts, two and one half cents per pound.
On cutnails and spikes, one and a half cent per
pound. *
On horseshoe nails, five cents per pound.
On cut tacks, brads, or sprigs, not exceeding
sixteen ounces to the thousand, two and one half
cents per thousand; exceeding sixteen ounces to
the thousand, three cents per pound.
On steam, gas, and water tubs ['tubes] and flues,
of wrought iron, two cents and a half per pound.
On screws, commonly called wood screws, two
inches or over in length, eight cents per pound;
less than two inches in length, eleven cents per
pound.
On screws of any other metal than iron, and
all other screws of iron, except wood screws,
thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
' On iron in pigs, nine dollars per ton.
On vessels of cast iron, not otherwise provided
for, and on andirons, sadirons, tailors' and hat-
ters' irons, stoves and stove plates, of cast iron,
one and one half cent per pound.
On cast-iron steam, gas,and water pipe,one and
one half cent per pound.
On cast-iron butts and hinges, two and a half
cents per pound.
On hollow ware, glazed or tinned, threeand one
half cents per pound.
On all other castings of iron, not otherwise pro-
vided for, thirty per centum ad valorem.
On all manufactures of iron, not otherwise pro-
vided for, thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On old scrap iron, eight dollars per ton: Pro-
vided, That nothing shall be deemed old iron that
has not been in actual use and fit only to be re-
manufactured.
On steel, in ingots, bars, coils, sheets, and steel
wire, not less than one fourth of one inch in di-
ameter, valued at seven cents per pound or less,
two cents and one fourth per pound; valued at
above seven cents and not above eleven cents per
pound, three cents per pound; valued at above
eleven cents perpound, three cents and a half per
pound, and ten per centum ad valorem.
On steel wire less than one fourth of an inch
in diameter and not less than number sixteen,
wire gauge, two and one half cents per pound,
and m addition thereto twenty per centum ad va-
lorem; less or finer than number sixteen, wire
gauge, three cents per pound, and in addition
thereto twenty per centum ad valorem.
On steel in any form, not otherwise provided
for, thirty per centum ad valorem.
On skates costing twenty cents or less per pair,
eight cents per p:iir; costing over twenty cents
per pair, thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On cross-cut saws, ten cents per lineal foot.
On mill, pit, and drag saws, not over nine
inches wide, twelve and a half cents per lineal
foot.
i On all hand saws not over twenty-four inches
in length, seventy-five cents per dozen, and in
uildition thereto thirty per centum ad valorem;
over twenty-four inches in length, one dollarper
dozen, and in addition thereto thirty per centum
ad valorem. ,
On all back saws not over ten inches in length,
seventy-five cents per dozen, and in addition
thereto thirty per centum ad valorem; over ten
inches i.n length, one dollar per dozen, and in ad-
dition thereto thirty per centum ad valorem.
On files, file blanks, rasps, and floats of all de-
scriptions, not exceeding ten inches in length, ten
cents per pound, and in addition thereto thirty
per centum ad valorem; exceeding ten inches in
length, six cents per pound, and in addition
thereto thirty per centum ad valorem.
On pen-knives, jack-knives, and pocket-knives
of all kinds, fifty per centum ad valorem.
On needles for knitting or sewing machines,
one dollar per thousand, and in addition thereto
thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On iron squares marked on one side, three cents
per pound, and in addition thereto thirty per
centum ad valorem; on all other squares of iron
or steel, six cents per pound, and thirty per
centum ad valorem.
On all manufactures of steel, or of which steel
shall be a component part, not otherwise provided
for, forty-five per centum ad valorem: Provided,
That all articles of steel partially manufactured,
or of which steel shall be a component part, not
otherwise provided for, shall pay the same rate
of duty as if wholly manufactured.
On bituminous coal, and shale, one dollar and
twenty-five cents for a ton of twenty-eight bush-
els, eighty pounds to the bushel; on all other coal,
forty cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels,
eighty pounds to the bushel.
On coke and culm of coal, twenty-five per
centum ad valorem.
On lead, in pigs and bars, two cents per pound.
On old scrap lead, fit only to be remanufactured,
one cent and one half per pound.
On lead m sheets, pipes, or shot, two and three
quarter cents per pound.
On pewter, when old and fit only to be reman-
ufactured, two cents per pound.
On lead ore, one and a half cents per pound.
On copper in pigs, bars, or ingots, two and a
half cents per pound.
On sheathing copper, in sheets forty-eight
inches long and fourteen inches wide, weighing
from fourteen to thirty-four ounces per square
foot, three and a half cents per pound.
On copper rods, bolts, nails, spikes, copper
bottoms, copper in sheets or plates, called bra-
ziers'copper, and other sheets ofcopper notother-
wise provided for, thirty-five per centum ad va-
lorem .
On zinc, spelter, or teutenegue, manufactured
in blocks or pigs, one and a half centperpound.
On zinc, spelter, or teutenegue in sheets, two
and one quarter cents per pound.
On diamonds, cameos, mosaics, gems, pearls,
rubies, and other precious stones, when not set,
a duty of ten per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the importation of
the articles hereinafter mentioned, the following
duties, that is to say: On all wool, unmanufac-
tured, and all hair of the alpaca, goat, and other
like animals, unmanufactured, the value whereof
at the last port or place from whence exported to
the United States, exclusive of charges m such
ports, shall be twelve cents or less per pound,
three cents perpound; exceeding twelve centsand
not exceeding twenty-four cents per pound, six
cents perpound; exceeding twenty-four cents per
pound, and not exceeding thirty-two cents, ten
cents per pound, and in addition thereto ten per
centum ad valorem; exceeding thirty-two cents
per pound, twelve cents per pound, and in addi-
tion thereto ten per centum ad valorem: Provided,
That any wool of thesheep,orhairof the alpaca,
the goat, and other like animals which shall be
imported in any other than the ordinary condi-
tion's now and heretofore practiced, or which
shall be changed in its character or condition for
the purpose of evading the duty, or which shall
he reduced in value by the admixture of dwt oi
any foreign substance, shall be subject to pay a
