THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CQNGHESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,-IX 0.
Thikty-Eigi-ith Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1864.
New Series'.,~.No.„
the members of the Convention that framed the
Constitution, in declaring that the Constitution
was the " result of a spirit of amity and of that
mutual deference and concession which the pecu-
liarity of our political situation rendered indis-
pensably necessary." If those great men -who
had endured the toils and hardships and priva-
tions incident to a long and arduous struggle for
liberty found themselves constrained when they
came to form a Government to adopt principles
of concession, how much more indispensably
necessary is it to do so now, when we, their chil-
dren, have grown from three millions to thirty
millions of people, with a country extending
from ocean to ocean, and having vast agricultural
and manufacturing interests, with our commerce
whitening every sea. How can we get along
without harmony and conciliation? Flow can
we exist as a nation, except by adopting and ad-
hering to the policy laid down by our fathers?
On no other principle can a free Government ex-
ist. Any other doctrine is but the argument of
kings, tyrants, and despots, and is not adapted
to this land of the free.
Sir, the distinguished gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Fernando "Wood,] in his argument
a few days ago, adverted to the fact that Shay's
rebellion and the whisky insurrection in Pennsyl-
vania were instances where the constituted au-
thorities of the country negotiated with armed
traitors. In that whisky insurrection there were,
at one^ time, more than seven thousand men in
arms, including portions'of the people of the great
States of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia.
These armed men seized on public property, plun-
dered the mails, assaulted, maltreated Federal
officers. Some were killed, many wounded. If
there had been at that time presiding over the
destinies of the country a Charles I or a George
III or an Abraham Lincoln, he would have put
his foot down firmly on these rebels, and demon-
strated to the world that he was at the head of a
strong Government. But, sir, the good genius of
the great Washington presided over the destinies
of the nation. Commissioners were appointed, ne-
gotiations were entered into, and the rebellion was
ended, leaving hardly any evidence to survive it.
Again, sir, when Missouri applied for admis-
sion into the Union, the passions of the people
were excited to an extraordinary degree, and it was
believed by'many that the Union was in imminent
danger. But the fathers yet lingered among their
children, and the sage of Monticello was aroused
from his slumbers by the sound of the alarm bell
at the hour of midnight. Conciliation was re-
sorted to, and peacc and harmony were restored to
the country.
Again, m 1832, during the administration of
Andrew Jackson, they got up what they called
the nullification rebellion in South Carolina. The
old general made the hearts of the people tht ill by
his memorable sentiment, " The Union must and
shall be preserved." And yet it must be borne
in mind that Congress modified the objectionable
law; and through a conciliatory policy that re-
bellion was ended. *
Yet again, in 1850, when the infuriated pas-
sions of our people had been lashed into a perfect
tempest, when the Sumners and Sewards and
Chases of the North and the Jpff. Davises and
Toombses and Yanceys of the South disturbed
the Halls of Congi ess and were un willing to con-
cede anything for the sake of the peace and har-
mony of thf* country, the noble Kcntuckian and
the giant Webster, of Massachusetts, and the
great Douglas, of Illinois, siootl up in the Sen-
ate, aided by the Union men of both parties; and
when Clay waved aloft his magic wand of com-
promise,the stormy seaof human passion sank to
silent rest and the glorious old ship of state sailed
on m her grand career,dispensing the blessings of
peace and liberty and happiness'to thirty millions
of the most prosperous people that the sun, in his
wanderings through the heavens, ever shone upon.
Let me state, further, what every genth-man
whose judgment is not warped by malice and pas-
sion knows to he true, that with a little concilia-
50
tion in 1860 this horrible civil war would never
have been brought upon us. Out for the first time
in the history of the Government a sectional party
got control of it, and for the first time the policy
was inscribed on their banners—" No more com-
promises." The consequence is a land rent with
civil feuds and drenched in fraternal blood.
What is the remedy for threse evils? To what
must we look in this hour of gloom and darkness
for that aid, that safety, which will give us a re-
stored Union, peace, and constitutional liberty?
If the party in power were wise this war would
end, and end in ninety days, by a conciliatory
course. But if their radical policy be continued
it will be a still further incentive to rebellion; and
if next spring we find the rebel army better pre-
pared to confront our own, we may ascribe it to
that cause, and you will be responsible for the
protraction of the struggle. If you will return
to the policy of the fathers by inaugurating a con-
ciliatory course you will have peace, union, and
constitutional liberty. But I tell you that if you
do not do that the great heart of this mighty na-
tion, which will throb in November next, will
banish you forever from power, and will elevate
to your places men who do love peace and Union
and liberty more than fratricidal war and the free-
dom of the negro.
Sir, the signs of the future arc bright only
through that view. Any other view will never
end this strife. We can only end it by a return
to the ancient landmarks of the fathers. That re-
turn will be made by the Democraticand conserv-
ative masses of this Union. I care not whether
McClellan, Seyfnour, orany one else be the man,
the conservative masses, burying their partisan
feelings and past differences of opinion, knowing
only the Union and the whole Union, will rally
from hilltop and plain to restore the Government
to its original condition.
Sir, lest some of my Republican friends may
think that I am only in a certain contingency in
favor of the Union, let me tell them that never,
never shall I vote for its dismemberment. I am
for the Union, and the whole Union. I am for
the Constitution as it is; and I never will consent,
by my voice or vote, that that Constitution shall
be marred or destroyed. 1 regard the Constitu-
tion as the only instrumentality to save the Union.
It is only by adherence to it that we can bring
back the Union. I believe it is the high and holy
mission of the conservative people of this coun-
try, overthrowing radicalism at the North and
forever burying secessionist! at the South, to re-
store this Union once more on the venerated
foundations reared by the hands of our fathers.
While life endures, we will struggle for that,and
wo will bequeath to our children that undying
legacy.
Sir, I have said all that I had intended to say.
I have spoken of the war freely and without re-
serve. I have spoken of it as I think becomes
the representative of a constituency which loves
liberty and intends, at all hazards, to maintain it.
1 speak in behalf of a people who will resist any
act of oppression or arbitrary power, who are de-
termined to have a free and untiammeled ballot,
let the consequences to them be what they may.
I speak in behalf of a people who are determined
to hvc a free people, or perish in the glorious effort.
Mr. KljNG obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. STEVENS, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was jigrrrd to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiibuhne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the bill of the House (No. 151) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill authorizing commis-
sioners to select a site for a national armory, an^
for other purposes; which'was read a first.anil
second time, and referred to the Committee .Q&
Military Affairs. ^ .:•
CLERKS TO ASSISTANT TREASURER. " .
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to authorize the Assistant
Treasurer at San Francisco to appoint certain
clerks, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Coh>-
mittee of Ways and Means.
ENLISTMENTS.
♦
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced an act to provide for the volun-
tary enlistment of persons resident in certain
States into regiments of those States; which'was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
MISSOURI AND ILLINOIS LAND PAPERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill in relation to the field notes,
maps, records, and other papers pertainingto land
titles in the office of thejate surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
IOWA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill extending the time for the completion
of certain railroads in the State of Iowa, to aid in
the construction of which a grant of land was
made, approved May 15, 1856; which was read
a first ana second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at half past four o'clock, p.m.,) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 24, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bill and joint resolution, which were
yesterday signed by the Speaker of the House of
Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 3G) to amend an act entitled "An
act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes, "approved March 3,1863;
and
A joint resolution (S. No. 27) relative to the
transfer of persons in the military service to the
naval service.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message fiom the Piesidunt of the United
States, transmitting "the copy of a correspond-
ence which has recently taken place between her
Britannic Majesty's minister accredited to this
Government and the Secretary of StatP, in order
that the expediency of sanctioning the acceptance,
by the master of the American schooner High-
lander, of a present of a watch which the Lords
of the Committee of her Majesty's Privy Coun-
cil for Trade propose to present to lurn in recog-
nition of services rendered by him to the crew of
the Ihhish vessel Pearl, may be taken into con-
sideration;'5 which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONNESS presented the petition of Maria
Antones Kiume, widow of James Donson, pray-
ing compensation 'for property alleged to have
been taken in July, ld40, by order of John C.
Fremont, at thut tune in command of United
States soldiers in California; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of J. W. Eddy,
paymaster United States Army, praying to be al-
