1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
280T
that I can say will change a vote here. I do not
imagine that a measure asked for—if this be asked
for; I do not know that it is—by the Administra-
tion will have a vote less, by anything that I
shall say, than my own. But 1 regret—and when
the vote is taken I desire to put my vote'on the
record against it—that this proposition has been
introduced here. Let it not go abroad among
your own people, send it not back to the armies
tliatare struggling in the field, send it notabroad
across the wide sea where palpitating hearts and
expectant hope stand trembling together looking
at our contest, that we here in the highest body
of the nation have determined that hereafter this
war shall be conducted by jerks, by spasms, by
mere puerile attempts that are unworthy of us,
and unworthy of the great cause which we love,
and for which so many thousands and tens of
thousands and hundreds of thousands of people
lie cold in the grave to-day.
Mr. President, let us take care that we shall
not die as a nation by a rotting to pieces, by in-
anition. In my opinion it is our great danger. Let
us not hesitate to make drafts because of the ef-
fect of it upon the people, because of political
campaigns, because it may affect this or that mon-
eyed interest, because this or that branch of in-
dustry may stand still; but let us in God's name
go forward and meet the just expectations of the
people to fight the cause of right and of God, and
let us in this our period be its great leaders and
ministers.
Mr. WILSON. As I listened to the earnest,
intense, not to say passionate words of the Sen-
ator from California, I almost wished that I too
was a man of courage, that I too had this confi-
dence, this hope, and this boastfulness. The Sen-
ator from California speaks of the spasmodic ac-
tion of the administrators of the Government in
raising men during the last few months. Does
the Senator know that we have raised or reen-
listed since the 17th day of October last six hun-
dred thousand men,not to count black men, and
that within the last year we have put in the field
seven hundred thousand men; that we have made
an exertion such as few nations ever made,
and few nations can make; that we have spent
$125,000,000 in bounties; that we have drafted;
that we have used the whole power and influence
of the Government to increase our military forces?
Sir, we have put forth an effort that excites the
astonishment and commands the admiration of
the world; yet the Senator from California, whose
constituents are not drafted nor called upon, rises
to-day and rebukes the Administration, rebukes
us, and talks glibly of the timid counsels of men
who are quite as hopeful, determined, and brave
as himself.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me say at this point of
time just this of my constituents: that they have
asked and prayed to be let into this war; that of
some seven thousand men who have enlisted and
are filling up your western posts m comparative
idleness, but very laborious idleness, every man
of them offered to reenlist, and that without your
bounties, if you would let them go where the
enemy is. There is no people on this continent,
in proportion to their numbers, that are so ready
to go into the field as those constituents of mine.
Let this much be said for them.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not ques-
tion the devotion or the courage of the men of
California. They have proved their devotion to
the country on more than one occasion. But,
sir, that Senator should remember that some of
us live in communities where the calls are over
and over again; where sons, brothers, relatives,
friends, neighbors, all have been summoned to
the field of duty, and have responded to these
calls. While we, their representatives, are ready
to vote men and to vote money, we want to make
these sacrifices of men and of blood bear as lightly
as possible upon our people. Humanity and
justice alike demand it.
General Grant is in front of Richmond. This
rebellion is " coiled," to use the language of Gen-
eral Hooker, at Richmond, and within ten miles
of that capital of treason. We have sentforty-
eight thousand men to reinforce General Grant
Wiice the commencement of the march toward the
rebel capital. Within thirty days we have gath-
ered up over the country these reinforcements,
tw->- thousand of whom are the one hundred days'
n1en rained 1(1 the State of Ohio.
Mr. WADE. Over two thousand have gone.
Mr. WILSON. Two thousand of them are
already there, and others are hastening to that
field of duty. The Government is castinga drag-
net over the country, gathering up all the soldiers
it can and hurrying them forward to the support
of General Grant. If we had fifty thousand or
one hundred thousand fresh men to send to his
support to-day this rebellion would, I believe, go
down within sixty days to rise not again.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator why we
have not got tliertt ?
Mr. WILSON. We have raised men during
the past eight months as rapidly as we could do
it, and we have put them into the field. Since
the 17th day of October we have put seven hun-
dred thousand men in the field, and it is an un-
paralleled exertion of the power and the patriot-
ism of the people. It requires time, it requires
money, it requires organization to put such vast
masses of men in the field. The Government
now desire to continue that great work. It now
asks us to repeal the commutation clause of the
enrollment act to enable it to fill more readily the
wasting ranks of our regiments in front of the
rebel legions. The drafted man who pays his
commutation to-day, if there is a new draft to-
morrow, is liable to be drafted again to-morrow.
It is proposed by the War Department to take
away from the drafted man the power to com-
mute by money, and I propose to shortern the
time of service. Why ? Because we can get the
men far easier and quicker now when they are so
much needed. Why, sir, there is not a man in
the country who does not believe that we could
by volunteering or by draft obtain the personal
service of five men for a year easier than we could
the services of one man for three years. It is to
strengthen the country now, to strengthen it. at
once, to support General Grant and General Sher-
man, and our generals who are in the heart of the
rebel regions, that I make this proposition to
shorten the time of service. I believe it to be good
policy now; I believed it to be so last winter;
and I believe if we had adopted one year then as
the time, and had ordered a'draftfor half a million
of six or twelve months'men, we probably should
have had one hundred and fifty or two hundred
thousand more men in the field than we have to-
day—have had all the men that would be neces-
sary to reinforce General Grant and supply the
immense losses he has made, and must make,
before he can crush Lee's army and enter the
rebel capital.
Mr. President, I do not believe in all this talk
that we have in the newspapers, and which is
sometimes indulged in here, about bad manage-
ment, shortcomings, timidity, and cowardice.
When the history of this rebellion is written, when
men study it, they will see that this nation has
put forth an effort such as no nation in this cen-
tury has put forth; that the people have given
money and given blood with a lavish hand; that
the Government, while it has made some mistakes
growing out of inexperience, has directed the
affairs of the nation with eminent ability. Sir,
I believe history will pronounce that the Govern-
ment of the United States and the public men of
theUnited States have administered public affairs
with ability, and that the people of the United
States have manifested a patriotism and a devo-
tion such as no nation ever manifested in the tide
of time.
I see no reason for excitement about this prop-
osition, no reason for indulging in reproaches,
none for insinuations about timid counsels.
Sir, we agreed the other day to accept the ser-
vices of acertain number of hundred days' men.
Some of us thought the time was too short. If
it had been six months or nine months or twelve
months, I do not know that anybody would have
objected to the proposition. But, sir, the State
of Ohio promptly redeemed her pledge. Other
States that made the same pledge are doing very
well; but Ohio having a larger body of men or-
ganized was able at once to redeem her promise
to the Government; and the capital of the coun-
try is protected to-day by these hundred days'
men of the West.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have furnished eight
thousand more than our quota.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says that Ohio
has furnished eight thousand more than her quota
of those men.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will permit me>,
the State of Ohio in the month of May sent to the
field forty-two regiments,forty-five theusand men
strong, and the Government clothed, armed, and.
equipped those men as soldiers in one month's
time.
Mr. WILSON. I thank the Senator for the
information. I did not know the number; but 1
knew Ohio had done exceedingly veil. r.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will allow
me, that shows there is no necessity of a draft,
when one hundred thousand men are raised in
the Northwest in twenty or thirty daysunder the
volunteering system.
Mr. WILSON. But the Senator will remem-
ber that these are one hundred days' men, men
called out for but a short time. As much as w.e
doubted the policy of calling them out, in the con-^
dition ofthe country, in the advance of our Army,
in the need to use every soldier we had to aid Gen-
eral Grant, these onehundred days'men are ren-
dering a service to the country surpassed by no •
body of men in the country. I wish we had one
hundred thousand more of them; for I believe
that if we had one hundred thousand men that '
we could push forward to the support of Geeeral
Grant, the power of this rebellion would soon go
down forever. General Lee carries the flag of this
rebellion. Destroy his army, or capture that
army, and this rebellion may linger for a few
months, and there may be some small actions, but
the backbone of the rebellion will be broken.
Sir, if I am to accept this repeal of the commu-
tation clause I want to couple with it the author-
ity to the Government to draft for a time- not
exceeding one year. I am told it is the purpose
of the Government to do so. In fact, the Secre-
tary so states in the communications before us;
but they have no authority to do it under the law.
The law is clear and plain; there can be no mis-
take about it. It requires that drafted men shall
be drafted during the time of the rebellion, if it
does not exceed three years, thus putting them
on the same footing with the three years'enlisted
men.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr President, very erroneous.
ideas might be formed by Senators and by the
country from the allusion that has been made to
the State of Ohio. It is not true that the other
States in the Northwest have responded as
promptly as Ohio to the call for one hundred days'
men. Nc one of them has filled up its quota, so
far as I know, except Ohio.
Mr. WILSON. I spoke of Ohio because I
understood that she had filled her pledge, and
more too. It was understood at the time of the
call tliut she had probably more than half these
men organized m regiments and could send them
at once, whereas the other States had no organ-
izations, and it would take more time to raise the
men.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose they :ud them or-
ganized in what wasknown as the national guard,
and organized in such a way that they could im-
mediately respond to the call of the Governor.
I have no doubt that the people of Illinois, Wis-
consin, and Iowa would have responded with equal -
promptitude if there had been any organization
through which the peoplecould have been reached;
but the call went to them when there was no such
organization, and the result is that no State ex-
cept Ohio, so far as I know, has been able to fill
up its quota.
But 1 should like to make one inquiry in regard
to the proposition now under consideration. Cer-
tain States have filled their quotas entirely of three
years' men; other States have not filled up their
quotas. Is it proposed that hereafter, under the
provisions of the section which the Senator from
Massachusetts has introduced for the considera-
tion of the Senate, the States that are now in
arrear shall be credited with a full three years'
man by the draft that is to be made of a one year's
man? For instance, suppose, as an illustration,
that-my State—which is not true, for she has an
excess of twelve thousand three years'men—but
suppose she had a deficiency of twelve thousand,
and you go on and make a draft in that State of
one year's men. Under this bill, if it shall be-
come a law, are wo to be credited with the full
twelve thousand that may be raised there? Would
that be fair toward the other Suites to say that a
State that had been holding back and not filling
up its quota might, by the operation of this new
