1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203;
Laws of the United States.
38m Cong....
duty of twelve cents per pound and ten per
centum ad valorem, anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding: Provided further, That
when wool of different qualities is imported in
the same bale, bag, or package, and the aggregate
value of the contents of thebaic, bag, or package
shall be appraised by the appraisers at a rate ex-
ceeding twenty-four cents per pound, it shall be
charged with a duty of ten cents per pound and
ten per centum ad valorem; and when bales of
different qualities are embraced in the'same in-
voice at the same price, whereby the average
priceshall be lessened more than ten per centum,
the value of the whole shall be appraised accord-
ing to the value>of the bale of the best quality;
and no bale, bag, or package shall be liable to a
less rate of duty in consequence of being invoiced
with wool of lower value: Jlnd provided further,
That wool which shall be imported scoured, shall
pay, in lieu of the duties herein provided, three
times the amount of such duties.
Second. On sheepskins, raw or unmanufac-
tured, imported with the wool on, washed or un-
washed, shall be subject to a duty of twenty per
centum ad valorem; and on flocks, waste, or
shoddy, three cents per pound.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the importation of
the articles hereinafter mentioned, the following
duties, that is to say:
First. On Wilton, Saxony, and Aubusson, Ax-
minster, patent velvet, Tournay velvet, and tapes-
try velvet carpets and carpeting, Brussels carpets
wrought by the Jacquard machine, and all medal-
lion or whole carpets, valued at one dollar and
twenty-five cents or under per square yard, sev-
enty cents per square yard; valued at over one
dollar and twenty-five cents per square yard,
eighty cents per square yard: Provides, That no
carpeting, carpets, or rugs of the foregoing de-
scription shall pay a duty of less than fifty per
centum ad valorem. On Brussels and tapestry
Brussels carpets and carpetings, printed oil the
warp or otherwise, fifty cents per square yard.
On all treble ingrain, three-ply, and worsted chain
Venetian carpets and carpeting, forty cents per
square yard. On yarn Venetian and two-ply in-
grain carpets and carpeting, thirty-five cents per
square yard. On hemp orjute carpeting, six and
a half cents per square yard. On druggets, book-
ings, and felt carpets and carpetin'g, printed, col-
ored, or otherwise, twenty-five cents per square
yard. On carpets and carpeting of wool, flax, or
cotton, or parts of either, or other material not
otherwise specified, forty per centum ad valorem:
Provided, That mats, rugs, screens, covers, has-
socks, bedsides, and other portions of carpcts
or carpetings, shall be subject to the rate of duty
herein imposed on carpets or carpetings of like
character or description, and on all other mats,
screens, hassocks, and rugs, forty-five per centum
ad valorem.
Second. On woolen cloths, woolen shawls,and
all manufactures of wool ofevery description,made
wholly or in part of wool, not otherwise provided
for, twenty-four cents per pound,and in addition
thereto forty per centum ad valorem. On goods
of like description, when valued at over two dol-
lars per square yard, a duty, in addition to the
foregoing rates, of five per centum ad valorem:
Provided, That goods of like description, com-
posed of worsted, the hair of the alpaca, goat, or
other like animals, and weighing over eight ounces
to the square yard, shall be subject to pay the
same duties and rates of duty herein provided for
woolen cloths. On endless belts or felts for paper,
and blanketing for printing machines, twenty cents
per pound, and in addition thereto thirty-five per
centum ad valorem. Onflannels, uncolored, val-
ued at thirty cents or less per square yard, twen-
ty-four cents per pound, and thirty per centum
a<i valorem; valued at above thirty cents per
f-quare yard, and on all flannels, colored, printed,
or plaided, not otherwise provided for, and flan-
nels composed in partof cotton, twenty-four cents
per pound and thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On flannels composed in part of silk, fifty per
centum ad valorem. On hats of wool, twenty-
four [cents] per pound, and in addition thereto
thirty-five per centum ad valorem. On woolen
and worsted yarn, valued at fifty cents and not
over one dollar per pound, twenty cents per pound,
and in addition thereto twenty-five per centum ad
valorem; valued at over one dollar per pound,
twenty-four cents per pound, and in. addition
thereto thirty per centum ad valorem. Qn wool-
en and worsted yarn, valued at leas than fifty
cents per pound, and not exceeding in fineness
number fourteen, sixteen cents per pound,and in
addition thereto twenty-live per centum ad valo-
rem. On clothing, ready made, and wearing ap-
parel of every description, composed wholly or
in partof wool, made up or manufactured wholly
or in part by the tailor, seamstress, or manu-
facturer, except hosiery, twenty-four cents per
pound, and in addition thereto forty per centum
ad valorem. On blankets of all kinds, made
wholly or in part of wool, valued at notexceed-
ing twenty-eight cents per pound, twelve cents
per pound, and in addition thereto twenty per
centum ad valorem; valued at above twenty-eight
cents and not exceeding forty cents per pound,
twenty-four cents per pound and twenty-five per
centum ad valorem; valued above forty cents per
pound, twenty-four cents per pound and thirty
per centum ad valorem. On Balmorals, and goods
of similar description, or used for like purposes,
composed of wool, worsted, or any other material,
twenty-fnur cents per pound, and in addition
thereto thirty-five per centum ad valorem.
On women's and children's dress goods, com-
posed wholly or in part of wool, worsted, mohair,
alpaca, or goats' hair, gray or uncolored,notex-
ceedingin value the sum of thirty cents persquare
yard, four cents persquare yard,and in addition
thereto twenty-five per centum ad valorem; ex-
ceeding in value thirty cents persquare yard, six
cents per square yard, and in addition thereto
thirty per centum ad valorem.
On all goods of the last-mentioned description,
if stained, colored, or printed, not exceeding in
value the sum of thirty cents per square yard,
four cents per square yard, and thirty per centum
ad valorem; exceeding in value thirty cents per
square yard, six cents per square yard, and in
addition thereto thirty-five per centum ad valo-
rem.
On shirts, drawers, and hosiery of wool, or of
which wool shall bo a component material, not
otherwise provided for, twenty cents per pound,
and in addition thereto thirty per centum ad va-
lorem.
On bunting and on all other manufactures of
worsted, mohair, alpaca, or goats' hair, or of
which worsted, mohair, alpaca, or goats'hair shall
be a component material, nototherwise provided
for, fifty per centum ad valorem.
On lastings, mohair cloth, silk, twist, or other
manufacture of cloth, woven or made in patterns
of such size, shape, and form, or cut in such
manner as to be fit for shoes, slippers, boots,
bootees, gaiters, and buttons, exclusively, not
combined with India rubber, ten percentum'ad
valorem.
On oil-cloths for floors, stamped, painted, or
printed, valued at fifty cents or less per square
yard, thirty per centum ad valorem; valued at
over fifty cents per square yard, and on all other
oil-cloth, except silk oil-cloth, forty per centum
ad valorem.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid there shall be
levied, collected, and paid, on the importation of
the articles hereinafter mentioned, the following
duties, that is to say:
First. On cotton, raw or unmanufactured, two
cents per pound.
Second. On all manufactures of cotton, (ex-
cept jeans, denims, drillings, bed-tickings, ging-
hams, plaids, cottonades, pantaloon stuff, and
goods of like description,) not bleached, colored,
stained, painted, or printed, and not exceeding one
hundred threads to the square inch, counting the
warp and filling, and Exceeding in weight five
ounces persquare yard, five cents per square yard;
if bleached, five cents and a half per square yard;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, five cents
and a half per square yard, and in addition there-
to ten per centum ad valorem. On finer and
lighter goods of like description, exceeding one
hundred threads and not exceeding two hundred
threads to the square inch, countingthe warp and
filling, unbleached, five cents per square yard;
if bleached (five and a half cents-per square yards-
if colored, stained,-painted, or printed*, five ands
a half cents per-square yard, "ahd.iri addition'
thereto twenty per centum ad vitlorem. Ort goods'
of like description, exceeding two hundred thready
to the square inch;'counting the warp ajjd filling1,
unbleached, five cents per square yard; if bleached,
five'and' a' half cents per square yard; If colored;
stained, painted, or printed, five &n<J a half cents
per square yard, and in addition thereto twenty
per centum ad valorem.
Third. On all-cOtton jeans, denims, drillings^
bed-tickings, ginghams, plaids, cottonades, pan-
taloon stuffs, and goods of likedescriplion,or for
similar use, if unbleached, and not exceeding
one hundred threads to the square inch, counting
tte 'warp and filling, and exceeding live ounces
to the square yards six cents per square:yard; if
bleached, six cents and a half per square yard;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, six cents
and a half per square yard, and inaddition there-
to ten percentum'ad valorem. On finer or lighter
goods of like description, exceeding one hundred
threads and not exceeding two hundred threads
to the square inch, counting the warp and fi)M
ing, if unbleached, six csnts per square yart^if .
bleached, six and a half cents pel' square yard;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, six and
a half cents per square yard, and in addition
thereto fifteen per centum ad valorem. On goods
of like description exceeding two hundred threads
to the square inch, counting the warp and filling,
if unbleached, seven cents per square yard; if
bleached, seven and-a half cents persquare yard;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, seven and
a half cents persquare yard, and in addition there-
to fifteen per centum ftu valorem: Provided, That
upon all plain woven cotton goods not included
in the foregoing schedules, unbleached valued
at over sixteen cents per square yard, bleached
valued at over twenty'cents per square yard", col-
ored valued at over twenty-five cents persquare
yard, and cotton jeans, denims, and drillings Un-
bleached valued at over twenty cents per square
yard, and all other cotton goods of everydesciip-
tion, the the value of which shall exceed twenty-
five cents per square yard, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid a duty of thirty-five per centum
ad valorem: Jlnd provided further, That no cotton
goods having more than two hundred threads to
the square inch, counting the warp and filling, shall
be admitted to a less rate of duty than is provided
fol- goods which are of that number of threads.
Fourth. On spool-thread of cotton, six cents
per dozen spools, containing on each spbol not
exceeding one hundred yards of thread, and in
addition thereto thirty per centum ad valorem;'
exceeding one hundred yards, for every addi-
tional hundred yards of thread oh each spool, or
fractional part thereof in excess of one hundred
yards, six cents per dozenJand thirty per centum
ad valorem.
On cotton shirts and drawers, woven or made
on frames, and on all cotton hosiery, thirty-five
per centum ad valorem.
On cotton velvet, thirty-five per centum ad
valorem.
On cotton braids, insertings, lace, trimming,or
bobbinet, and all other manufactures of cotton,
not otherwise provided for, thirty-five per centum
ad valorem.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That on and
after the day and year aforesaid, in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the articles
hereinafter mentioned, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid, on the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise enumerated and provided for in this
section, imported from foreign countries, the fol-
lowing duties and rates of duty, that is to Say:
First. On brown and bleached linens, ducks,
canvas, paddings, cotton bottoms, burlaps, dia-
pers, crash, huckabacks, handkerchiefs,lawns, or
other manufactures of flax, jute, or hemp, or of
which flax,jute, or hemp shall be the component
material of chief value, not otherwise provided
for, valued at thirty cents or less per square yard,
thirty-five per centum ad valorem; valued at above
thirty cents per square yard, forty per centum
ad valorem. On flax or linen yarns for carpets,
not exceeding number eight Lea, and valued at
twenty-four cents or less per pound, thirty per
centum ad valorem. On flax or linen yarns valued
