THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
duct of the war," which has had this subject be-'
lore them for now nearly two months without
making a movement to investigate the clmiges
against the Secietary of the Treasury.
There is another transaction whi<jh shows the
partial and injurious manner in wlucn these trade
regulations are made to operate against my own
constituents, and to which I ask attention. On
or about the 16th of January last the following
letter from the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury was received m St. Louis, and published in j
the papers of that city, together with the sections
of the " Regulations" to which it ref-rs:
Treasury Department, January 13, 1861.
Sir: I am directed by the Secretary to inform you that,
at the request of the War iJopartmcnt. quinine, ehlorofurm,
and all oilier drugs and medicines, have been added io the
list of prohibited articles enumerated jii .eetion thirty-eight
of the commercial intercourse regulations, and that in iu-
tuie no clearance orpermitcan be granted An the shipment
of these articles, exc« ptupon curt ideate and rcqUKft, oi by
special direction, as required by liie pioviMons ot that auc-
tion.
Respectfully, M. R. FIELD,
Secretary of lhe Trcasaiy.
11. J. Howard. Esq., Coil^ctoi of Customs, bf. Louis, Mo.
Prohibited sliiicl'-i.
Sue. 38 No clearance oi permit will 11 , granted for tlie
shipmentot prohibited articles, namely: Cannon, moitais,
firearms, pi-tols, bombs, gienades, powder, saltpeter, sul-
phur, bulb?, bullets, pikes, Mvoids, boarding caps, (always
excepting the quantity of tiio said articles which may be
necessary for the defense of tnc ship and of those who com-
pose the crew,) saddles, hi idles, cartridge-bag material,
percussion and other eap-s, clothing adapted for uniforms,
pail-cloth of all kinds, hemp and cordage, intoxicating
drinks, oilier than beer and light native wines, or other ar-
ticles pi ohibited by the proper authorities, except uponcei-
tifteatV and request under Regulation thirty two, or by the
special direction oftheMiperviMngspecral agent, sanctioned
by the general commanding department or de-uict into or
from which tire s-hipnient i  to be ma.de.
Applications for Permits to Blockaded Ports—How Made.
SbC. 33. Applicants for permits to ship io any post or
place alfucted by the existing blockade, but occupied by
the United States forces, until preterit, with their applica-
tion, a certificate irom the Ih'partment ol War, or Depatt-
nient of the Kav\, either directly or through a duly author-
ized officer, that. the :utkh.«5 aie icqaued for military or
naval purposes, and a request thai the transportation oi the
f>ame may be penmtted,together with invoices in dnpheate
of the ailick's to be permuted, specifying their character,
quantity, value, and destination. On receiving Mich cer-
tificate and ieque t and duplicate invoice*, the Scienry
of the Treasui\,or some officer specially authorized by
htm, will transmit fo the proper officer one of the invoice.-,
and direct the permuting ot the tianspnitaiion lequesicd,
and forward the other invoice to the assistant or local
special agent at the port or plaee to which the good^ arc to
be permitted. The assistant oi local special agent wiil, in
all eases, on the aiiivulof an> anieles claimed to have
been permitted, examine and compare such articles with
the duplicate invoice j and in ca-e of any c.vcrss ot eva-
sion of the peunit, he will mmzo the- whole shipment, mid
report the facts forthwith to the isupc! vising >pecial agent,
tljatpioccedin<r-> may be taken foi liieir foileitureundei the
net of July J3, 1801, May 20,18C2, and March 12, 1863.
His order was enfoiced m St. Louis as soon
as received there, and the house of Blow «fc Co.
were refused a permiLto hhip drugs. The refusal
was made a subject of tclegiapinc communication
with the member from the second diatuct of Mis- [
souri, [Mr. Blow,] who, I undeistand, brought
the subject to the attention of Secretary Chase,
and the Secretary sustained the refusal of custom-
house officers of St. Louis, and required the in-
structions to be enforced. But it appeared sub-
sequently that at this very time no such instruc-
tions had been received or enforced in Cincin-
nati, and that parties who had been refused per-
mits in St. Louis went to Cincinnati and made
the shipment, and a lettei was received from Sur- ;|
veyor Catson, ot Cincinnati, and 'published m the j j
Missouri Democrat, dated, accoi Jtng to my roc- i-
ollection, t.he 11th of February, saying that ho had •<
received no such instructions us those sent to St. ;
Louis.
The surveyor of the pott of felt. Louis received !|
and caused to be published tne following: ;!
Office of Supervising Special Agent, j I
Firm Agency, u'. £5. 'Ie.u.asuuy Department, '
Ointinn K'Sly February iw, lt-64.
^IR : Hereafter you will grant no clearance or permit for
the shipment of drug* and medicines except m compliance
with the conditions in Regulation 38, they having been
added, at the request of the V\ ai Department, to the li.-,t of
ptohibitod article-* enumeiated in that legulanon. il
I am, very respectfuih, ;l
DAVID G. n\KtfITZ, |i
Deputy Superi.isii!g Special .i e?r/, Tieasury DepH. ij
It, J* Howard, fc>q., tiunkyor, $c..Sl. Mo- j:
Thus it seems that the officii! instructions dated 1
the 13th January* 18G4,and i nfoiced in St. Louis !
immediately, were only received and enforced in
Cincinnati on the 26th of February, and that for
the intervening period, about six weeks, Cincin-
nati had enjoyed amonopoly of the drug market of
the South, and in fact still has and enjoys this
monopoly, unless the instructions have been mod-
ified, not only of drugs and medicines but of
all the prohibited articles enumerated m section
38 of the Regulations, because such articles can
only be permitted by the <k special direction'5 of
the supervising special agent who resides at Cin-
cinnati and lus deputy also. For tins reason the
whole trade in the list of prohibited articles is
diverted from the other western cities and given
to Cincinnati. All the southern people in or out
of our lines, loyal and disloyal, and even the con-
trabands, pium get their pills from Cincinnati.
The committee on the conduct of the war,
that impartial committee to winch this matter was
referred, has not yet, although nearly two months
have elapsed since this subject was committed to
them, notified me that it wanted any testimony on
these subjects. I do not think the committee
does want it, or has time to investigate it, espe-
cially as it has on its hands all frauds m contracts
connected with the war; and that is the leason I
have volunteered some of it here, and given the
committee the means of inquiring into the matter
when they have leisure; but whether it does or
not, the inquiry wiil be made. Whether it is done
by this Congress or not, there will be a Congress
that will do it. And Mr. Chase cannot escape.
He is sure to answer, and however deeply the
committee may lay the whitewash on,it cannot
conceal the dark background. However he may
undertake to persecute and drag down men who
speak uf these nefaiious transactions, I say that
the time will come when he will be held to just
accountability, when he will be called before the
bar to answer for all he has done; and nil the
eiTbris made by his friends thus indirectly to
shield htm from the cluuges made against him
will not serve their purpose.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have deemed it due to niys- If,
since i was not allowed a committee by winch to
prove the allegations that 1 made here, to say this
much in justification of my action m the city of
St. Louis, in a speech which I made theie, and
also in a speech w Inch 1 made on this floor in te-
gard to this matter.
it wiil be recollected that when I fust offered
this resolution, it was couched in plain, simple
language, wit bout any assault on the Sea etary of
the Treasury; and it, was not until one of his
friends on the other side rose and assailed me for
attacking Air. Chase, by olft ling the lesohition,
that 1 rose and gave my reasons for so doing.
Then, sir, this affair was sought to be turru u into
a personal matter; and an attempt made to drag
me dawn by engaging me in a controversy with
Chase's understrappers,commenced by the agents
of Mr. Chase in St. Louis, is brought into this
House.
A judicial investigation has recently been held
in which it was conclusively proved that Jay
Cooke &, Co., whofigure so largely and disgrace-
fully in these letters m connection with the eleven
millions excess of five-twenty bonds, are the prin-
cipal ownersofihe Philadelphia Inquirer. 1 should
have guessed as much fiom the fact of the abuse
heaped upon me by this Treasury organ about
this 44 liquor speculation.*' Mr. Chase's bank-
ing agents. as well as his Treasury agents and
special nnd supervising special agents, have all
been brought into lequisitson to forge and coun-
terfeit and teii lies to break me down for expos-
ing and holding up to public contempt and scorn
their cmploytt and master.
In addition to the piorits realized by Jay Cooke
& Co. on tin- fraudulent subscription for the
eleven millions excess of five-'wenty bonds,
which, as the bonds were twelve per cent, above
par at the time of their issue, the profits on them
must have exceeded a million and a quarter of
dollars, thia firm has also made profits on the
negotiation of the live-twenty loan, and other
brokerage businessfor the Treasury Department;
according to the statement of Secretary Chase,
by himself transmitted officially to this House, the
sum oi" $450,000, as near as I recollect, not hav- .
mg the Secretary 9n communication before me. A
million and three quarters of dollars leaiized by ■
a banking firm m less than nine months is a com- j
fortune competency for two or three piivate gen- j
tlemen,and would aid in the establishment of a
good many newspapers in the interest of Mr.
Chase by these men, who ate shown to be bank-
ing on political capital to a greater extent than
upon their money. Accordingly, we find a great
many newspapers m favor of Chase for Presi-
dent, and very few people.
Nobody is simple enough to believe that the
distinguished Secretary has really retired from
the canvass for the nomination to the Presidency,
although he has written a letter declining to be a
candidate. That letter was written because lhe
sti icily private" circular of the Pomeroy com-
mittee unearthed his underground and under-
hand intrigue against the President. It was such
a disgraceful and disgusting sight to make use of
the patronage and powergiven him by the Presi-
dent against his chief, that even Chase got ashamed
to occupy such a position publicly. For that
reason his letter was wutten; lie wanted to get
down under the ground and work there m the
dark as he is now doing, and running the Pome-
roy machine on the public money as vigorously
as ever.
The work is now being done in Fremont's
name, and that poor creatui e is unconscious of
being made a catspaw to accomplish the objects
of his intriguing rivul. His plan is to hold a
convention of Jacobins and red republican rev-
olutionary Germans at Cleveland, Ohio, precisely
as Calhoun used poor John Tyler to hold a side
convention in 1844 to force the democrats to drop
Mr. Van Buren. The Cleveland convention is a
whip convention which wiil say to the Union con-
vention to be held at Baltimore, 4< if you nisu^t
on the nomination of Lincoln we will nominate
Fiemont against him as an independent candi-
date." In this way, if the delegates who have
been instructed to vote for Lincoln can be bought
with greenbacks or fi j^hn-med by thejacobin hob-
goblin, it is expected that Chas. , who has so mag-
nanimously declined to be a candidate, will then
be taken up as a compromise candidate. Tins is
the progtammc of the Secret i y and the Pomeroy
committee. It embraces the tactics, the intrigue,
the coriuption, and fraud of Calhoun and Biddie
combined.
jHeie the hammer fell.]
Air. McCLURG. 1 have but a few words to
say to the House, and then I will be governed by
its action as to whether 1 shall proceed further.
Air. MORRILL, i ask the gentleman to forego
his remarks for the present, and let us goon with
the pubhc business.
Air. McCLURG. Mr. Speak"r, I ask but for
a few words, and then will be governed by the
wish of the House. The gentleman—d should
say 44 the member"—has taken occasion to at-
tack the Secietary of the Tieasury at length—
something foreign to this case—and to lug m
other matters irrelevant. He has taken occasion
to repeat that 44 Air. Bonner acknowledged he
knew of the forgery," which is no! true, and di-
rectly m contradiction to the testimony, as it will
appear, and which I hope will be printed. I pre-
fer speaking now while u the member" is here;
but K has Seen suggested that I defer, owing to
the piessfng demands of the country to have the
tax bill actnd upon; and I submit whether or no
I shall puisue my remarks now or defer until af-
ter action on the tax bill, i am prepared to-day
as well as I shall he at any t'ni"; but I believe
4< the member 1s" character, if he have any, will
not suffer for a few days, dnd I am sure mine will
not. I ask the decision of the House, and if this
affair be deferred, [ will claim the fluorafteractton
on the tax bill at some proper time.
Several Members. Go on now.
Air. McCLURG. i wiil yield the floor, and
allow the Hoese to take such action as it pleuses.
Air. MORRILL. I move nmr, the j ules be sus-
pended, and that the Hou.^e itsoUe itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order. Before the question is put
upon that motion, however, I wiil move that ah
debate upon the paragraphs of the bill relating
to iron terminate in one minute after the House
has gone mto committee.
Upon the latter motion 64 voted in the affirma-
tive and 50 in the negative.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
