1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQM.
1833
Mr. MORRILL. I now ask fur the vote upon
my motion to go m'o committee.
The motion was agreed to.
80 the iu!es were suspended; and the House
aeeorJmgi}'' resolved itself in to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. (Mr. Wash-
curne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 405, being the
internal revenue bill, the pending question being
to amend, on page 12o, line two hundred and fifty-
four, by sinking out the word " three "rind insert-
ing the wotd " four," so as to make the tax on
railroad iron four dollars per ton.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by si nkingour " four"and inserting " five."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say a single word, with the consent of the com-
mittee, on this subject, in behalf of (lie State
which 1 have the honor to represent on this floor.
Now, sir, the people of my State are perfectly
willing to pay every tax that may s^em necessary
in the judgment of this House to carry on the
affairs of the Government. But while they are
willing to pay the tax. it does not warrant the
House m placing upon my State an amount of
taxation that would seem exorbitant and unjust.
Tiie amendment to the amendment was dis-
agree! to.
The cpit-'stion being upon the amendment.
Mr. UAJNDALL, of Pen nsylvania, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and A. Myers wore appointed.
The committee divided,and the tellers reported
—ayes 46, noes 54.
So the amendment was disagteed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, in ]me two hundred
and fifty-five, to amend so that it will rend "two
dollais per (on" instead of " $1 50.55
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GUIS WOLD, I move to add the follow-
ing pioviso:
vim/ /o onded, That the teim rerolled shall apnly only to
rath for which tin* nianu/uoUin r receiver pay lot remin-
uUeuue. and not for now iron.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to call tlie attention of
the Committee of Ways and Means to this pio-
vision.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I call the gentleman to
oider. Debate has been closed by order of the
House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On all iron advanced beyond blooms, sdab-*, or loop*, and
not advanced beyond bat> or led**, and baud, hoop, and
plicei non, not thinner man number eighteen wne gauge,
ami plate iron not les* than one eighth of an me!) in ihick-
nes-, a duty of three dollars pei toil: Provided. That a ton
shall, lot nil the purpo-o^ oi thus act, be doomed and taken
to be two thousand pounds.
Mr. J C. ALLEN moved to strike out" three"
and 111 iieu thereof to insert "four.''
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 move to .strike out " two
thousand" and in lieu thereof to inset l ''two
thousand two hundred and forty."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
On band, hoop, and sheet iron, thinner than number
eighteen wire gauge, plate non less than one eighth of an
ineli in tlnclsnes-, and cut and vuought nails and spikey,
and hmse-siioe nail-when wrought by hand, not including
muK mck*, buids, 01 finishing nails n-ua'ly put up and
sold in papet>. whether in papers or otherwise, nor horse-
p-'ioe naiH wtouglit by uiaciniiNj', a duty of $3 a0 per ton :
Ptouided. That b irs, rod-, band-, hoop-;, rdieets, plate.". naiW,
and spikec, not including Mich as are usually put up in pa-
per>-, nor how .<hoe nails wiought bv machinery, as heroic
mentioned, manufactured liom 11011, upon which the duty
of tlnee dollar.-ha^ been levied and paid, shall b'1 subject
oniv to a dutj oi flfiv cunt-' pei ton in .tdui'ion thereto, any-
thing in lin^  et f> th° contraiy notwithstanding.
Mr. MORRILL. I mnv;> to strike out " <3 50"
and inseit four iloihi'-s."
The nmondmpiit was agreed io.
Mr. MORRILL. I mov  lo .strike out " fifty
rents" and insett "one dollar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I move to insert
after the wn'-d " ihifkneps" the words "for sale
ami not for use by the maker m his trade."
The amendment wnss agreed to.
Mr. AME-S. ! move to strike out the follow-
ing words:
Autl elit am! wtou^iit naily ami spike*, at.d hor^e-flioe
nailu v.lion vrought by hand, not including iuidt«, ucfc*,
brad-, or rinisliui5 nails usually put up and sold in papers,
whether in papers or otheiwise, nor horse-shoo nails
wrought by machinery.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MOZUULL. i move to strike out "or
wrought."
The, amendment w?,s agreed to.
The Clerk read, avS follows:
On won c.isiinas used for budges or otlvr permanent
structure.-, a duty of two dollar^ p>"r ton : Provided, That
bar iron, used for like put po^es, shall be charged with no
additional dutybejond the specific duty imposed by this
act when not meiea-sod m value more than ten per cent.
Mr. AMES. I move to strike out the para-
graph.
The amendment \v*«s d ifugreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On rivei- rxeccdiny one fouith ot one inch in diameter,
nuts le-«s than two ounces each in weight, and bolts not
lets than tour ounce* each in weight, a duty of four dollars
pei ton : Piondcd, That when a duty upon the iron from
which i iv'H', nuts«, and bolts, as aforesaid, shall have been
made, ba-t been assessed and paid a duty of three dollar per
ton. a duty only, m addition theiero, -hall be paid of fifty
cuits per "ton Pioridcd further, That all iron and cast-
ings of non of all desei ipiions advanced beyond pig iron,
bloom-', slab-, or loop--, upon which no'duty has been as-
sessed oi p lid in the lot in ol pig iron, shall be assessed and
p<jv, in addition to the fiuiegomg t.ttes of iron so advanced,
a duty ofjjl .>0 p.o ton ; and when no duly has been as-
se.-M'd or paid tbeieou in the foun of bloomy slabs, or loops,
shall beasM\<«<-d and pav, in addition tosheforegoingraics
of'non advanced a-, aforesaid, a duty of three dollars per
ton.
Mr. MORRILL, I move to insert after the
word " nuts," where it first occurs, the word
" not."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk iead„ a.s follows:
Cm steel, in ntsof-. bar-5, sheet-, or wire, not less than
one louiih of an inch in rh.ekne-s valued at seven cents
pei pound, oi les-^, a duty o! live dollars per ton ; valued at
above .seven cent- pei pound, and not above eleven cents
per pound, a duly of ten dollar pi-i ion; valued at above
eleven cents, a duty ol $12 50 per ton : Provided. Thai steel
lolled, find ^heet, rod, ot who made of <f''elj upon which
a duty has been a^ej-sed and paid, >hall be a^e^ed and
pay a duty of five per cent, ad vuioicm upou the increased
value oid)' thereof.
Mr. MOORHEA D. I move to strike out "five
dollcuV and insert "four dollars."
The amendment svus disagreed tu.
Mr. MOORHEA!). J move to strike out " ten
dollars'5 and inserttk eijyht dollars."
The amendt^etU was disagreed to.
M r. U RISWOLD. 1 move to add thefediow-
in" :
Jind piovuied fuither. That the tntes-on all aj tides man-
ufaetuied aadsoldin puisuanceoi contracts bonojidc made
before the p<is.-age of lbs.- ne)7 -h.dl 1>" pai<J by the pur-
eiia-ets tliueof, under i emulation- to be established by the
Commissioner of Internal Uevenii".
Mr. KASSON. J hnvo an amendment to cover
that subject which j will offer-it the proper place.
Mr. GRISWOLD. { v/ithdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MOORHEAP. I should like to have this
schedule changed. There is no steel selling be-
low i&fven centw per pound.
The C HA !RM AN. Dineusnion is not in order.
Mr. MOORHEA.D. 1 move to (Unite out
"ftev^n" and insert "ten," and strike out
" eleven " and insert " fifteen." •
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, aft foliow.i:
On gold, silver, and q.uck-'P'ei. produced from quartz
mines, lioin beds of river-, from the earth, or m any other
way or ni uuiei, a duly ot thn.e pet cent. ad. i aloitm: Pro-
vided. Thai all -such nutn". :icetuing upon gold and silver
produced as ulon said snail be due and payable in com or
bullion.
Mr. HICtBV, I move to strike that out. Mr.
Chairman, gold and silver have a standaid value
that cannot he varied in the maiket. 1 know that
gentlemen make the argument that gold and silver
arc now commodities, but in all those suctions of
the Union where gold and silver are taken out of
the eaicU they are the ciiculating medium.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that, by unani-
mous consent, this paragraph be passed over for
the present.
There was no objection; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On copper and lead ingots, pis* or bair«, and spelter and
bias:*, a duty ot Unee k  i cut. ad taloum.
Mr. COBB, i ask that that he passed over.
Mr.«.SrEVICv3. ( hope that that will be
a^jeed to.
Time way no ooj. c:iOi., avw r. >« ao ordered.
The Clerk re«d, as follows:*
On rolled brass, copper rolled, yellow effeatfoing metal,
in rods or sheets, and shot, sheet lead, and lend pipes, a
duly of tbiee pei cent, ad valorem: Piovided* That when
any of the articles herem mentioned shall not have been
assessed and a duty paid thereon of three per cent., in the
form of ingots, pigs, or bats, a duty of five per cent, shall
be assessed and paid thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that that be passed over.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On leather of all descriptions, curried or finished, a duty
of five percent, ad valorem4 Provided, That all leather pre-
viously assessed in the tough, and upon winch duties have
been actually paid, shall be assessed on tUe Increased value
only when curried or finished.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to strike out
" five" and insert " three."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On wine ma'de of grapes, a duty of five cents per gallon.
Mr. LAW. 1 move to insert after "grapes'*
the words " except native grapes."
The amendment was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FRO31 THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, one of their clerks, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 198)
making appropriations for thesupportofthe Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, with
amendments; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 76) relating to ap-'
pointmentsin the naval service and courts-martial,
agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, arid hud
appointed Mr. Hale, Mr. Willey, and Mr.
Ramsey such committee on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 370) to appoint cer-
tain officers of the Navy, agree to the conference
asked by the House of Representatives on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Hale, Mr. Willey, and Mr.
Ramsey such eommittee on the part of the Senate.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. COLE, of California, I move to amend
in line three hundred and fifty-four by striking
out " five" and inserting " three," so that tho tax
on wine made of grapes shall be three cents pep
gallon.
This is, I believe, the only agricultural product
which has been taxed thus far in this bill, and I
wisii the Clerk to read a memorial of the Califor-
nia Legislature upon this subject,^ and I hope the
committee will listen to it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Whereas Congress has levied a t*x of five cent^ per
gallon on all wine made m the United States ; and whereas
the value of must (or wine fresh, from the presd) does not
exceed fifteen cents per gallon in the laigest wine-makmg
di.-ti icr at this State, (bus making the tax on the wine thieo
bundled per cent, more than that on mauulactuied aiti-
eles gcaeially; and whereas the unequal and consequently
unjust taxation is levied chiefly at the expense of Cauios-
ni.i, which is now the liist wine-making State m the Union,
and will next year produce more than all the other States;
and whereas this tax is not only very uniust. but m many
ca es> almost ruinous to the producer, and must have beeii
adopied m misapprehension of the facts: Theiefore,
,£ Jicsolved hy the JUssembly, (the Senate concuri mg,)
Thai our Sennuus and Representatives in Congress b° re-
({U-'j.ted to lav the tacts stated in the preceding preamble
beioie that body, and uige a reduction of the tax on wine
to thftauit tate with that on manufactured articles ge.n-
eially.
ki JitJ be it further resolved, That the Governor be re-
quested to furnish a copy ot these resolutions to each of
oui Senatois anu Representatives in Congiess."
Mr. COLE, of California. Gentlemen who
have listened to this memorial have learned all the
ftiois relative to this branch of business. The tax
upon this product is greater by far than upon any
other agricultural product, not excepting- even
cotton. The raw product,." rttu«f," as stated in
that memorial, can be produced for from twelve
to fifteen cents per galk>Bj&>ndit is purchased for
that on contracts of a quarter of a million of gal-
lons in the southern part-of California. Tins tax
will have a tendency to break up a growing and
very promising branch of industry. It is &aid
that this is a luxury. It is not a luxury to the
producer; it is that upon which he depends for
his support; and if this tux ia not reduced, the
