THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
. VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done
it there is no objection. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the bill is now .before the Senate and
open to amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out all after
the word ^United States" in the twenty-sixth line
j f. the fourth section down to the word "and" in
the thirty-fifth line, in the following words:
And moreover, that each and every tract of land sold
fey. Googress or donated to actual settlers by the homestead
p/jJ,-or located by the bounty land warrants of soldiers
jiypicU l>avc boon pr m.ay hejeafrer be gianted, shall be and
jrem&ift exempt from any tax laid by the order or undertiie
aathority of-said State, whether for State, county, township,
Qraey other purpose whatever, for the term of three years
^ram after the respective days of the sale, location by
land 'warrant, or notice of settlement thereof under the
homestead act.
Kir. "WADE. I hardly think that clause should
be .stricken out. I believe it is in accordance with
(ill tliesnabling acts that I know of that have been
passed. I know iny friend from Iowa thinks some
of them were exempt from such a clause. This
clause is inserted to prevent tiie Statefrom imme-
diately laying burdens on these lands, and caus-
ing them to be sold probably, and thereby with-
drawing them from homestead settlers, &c. 1 do
riot think it would be prudent to strike it out. I
do not want to debate it, but I think this is in ac-
cordance with all the bills I have examined on that
.subject; and all the other provisions of this bill
tire ill accordance with the other enabling acts we
have passed. Formerly there were reservations
of .five years instead of throe, during which the
lands remained exempt.
Mr. COLLAMER. They had five years to
pay in.
Mr. WADE. Yes, they had five years to pay
in, and they were exempted for five years, llns
exempts for but three years, which I think is in
accordance with the modern enabling acts. The
prior ones exempted for five years.
Mr. GRIMES. What new States had three?
Mr. WADE. I think those of Oregon mid Kan-
sas. I think all those enabling acts had that pro-
vision. I will not be perfectly sure about it, but
I feel %ry confident of it. However, I am not
going to debate it.
Mr. HARLAN. *1 am sure that the chairman
of the Committee 011 Territories is m error, in
part at least. Lands sold m Iowa were subject
to taxation by the State immediately, unless they
were located with land warrants by the original
grantees. If the soldier himself carried his "war-
rant to the land office and located it on a piece of
land, it would be exempt from taxation, under the
laws of the United Slates, for three years; but
otherwise the lands wore all taxable from the be-
ginning. There is an eminent propriety, as it
seems to me, in striking out this clause in the pres-
ent instance. How does the .Senator propose to
support the State government in Nevudu if we ex-
empt all real estate—which will include all im-
provements on real estate—from taxation? In
what other way can the Stale of Nevada, when it
shall be organized, suppoi 1 Us govei nnient? Man-
ifestly in no way except by levying enormous
taxes on personal property.
Mr. WADH. That same objection weighed
with equul force against nil 1 ho old enabling acts.
The enabling act of Ohio reserved nil lands sold
by the Government from taxation for five yeais
after actual sale; and yet it was not deemed any
great burden, because the State governments,
where there are very few inhabitants, do not re-
quire a great sum to keep up their oiaanization.
This exemption is only foi three years. These
lands are principally valuable tor their mining
facilities. I think that if it should be left to the
State to burden them ad libitum to any extent
they pleased, the Government would find these
lands very soon withdrawn and under the control
■ of the State. I do not think it is safe to strike
out this provision. That is all I wish to sffy
about it. 1 do not wish to prolong the debate.
Mr. CONN ESS. I do not propose debating
this matter at any length; but I wish to say a
woid in favor of striking out this clause. There
is no simifiirity,! will say to the honorable chair-
man o( the Committee on Territories, between
the eases of Nevada and Ohio. In the case, of
Ohio or any of the States on this side of the
mountains, all their acres are capable of cultiva-
tion; in the State of Nevada there are very few
acres that are capable of cultivation, and this pro-
vision would simply exempt every acre in that
Territory that is capable of cultivation from tax-
ation by the State for three years.
The Senator will remember again that in our
western mining States there is a very strong in-
disposition on the part of the population (and it
is universal, and the people make the laws,)
against taxing mining property; that is, taxing
the right to mine. The result is that it is a very
difficult proposition indeed to sustain their State
governments, but will become more so in regard
to the State of Nevada than any other State yet
created. In California, although the proposition
is applicable there, we have a very large extent
of rich agricultural lands and many other inter-
ests besides our mining interest; but Nevada is a
mining community exclusively, and can never be
anything else. It must always be fed from ad-
jacent countries; and the small amount of land
that is fit for cultivation would be exempt from
taxation.
As to the proposition that the State would op-
press its people by taxing unduly, I think that
is sufficiently met by this reply that if the people
of a State are notable to govern themselves justly,
they should not have an enabling act passed, nor
be created from a Territory into a State.
Mr. WADE. The Senator misapprehends this.
This is to withdraw land from taxation in the
hands of the General Government. I have no
objection to their taxing themselves what they
please, but what you want to do now is to enable
them to tax everybody else that happens to own
land there.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all. I desire to en-
able the State government to tax as it shall see
fit its own people, and I wish all its property ex-
posed to that lule of taxation. I hope that the
clause will be stricken out.
Mr. COLLAMER. t wish to inquire (I have
not had time to read the bill) whether there is
the usual piovision in this bill that the State agrees
that the lands belonging to the General Govern-
ment shall not be taxed ?
Mr. WADE- Yes, sir.
M r. COLLAMER. That would cover all the
lands which these people actually go on to.
Mr. CONNESS. The State will have no power
to tax the Government lands.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is one of the terms
and conditions of the compact. I take it it is in
this bill in the usual form.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the effect of
this provision, which it is proposed to strike out,
is to exempt lands from State taxation for three
years after they have been sold.
Mr. WADE. And after they have been settled
under the homestead law.
Mr. HOWE. Everyone who has ever lived
in a new State knows that one of the greatestevils
U has to contend with is the fact thata great many
of its lands are held by non-residents, who do not
improve them, and who have nothing to tax but
the lands themselves. If you exempt the lands
from taxation, the burden would be very oppress-
ive oil the settlors, and of course thnt deficiency
must be made up by taxing the property of the
residents.
Mr. HARLAN. If this amendment shall be
earned, the clause will then stand:
Thud. Tii.it the people inhabiting ^aid Territory do atjree
and declare that the) loiuvoi disclaim ail unlit and title t<>
tho unappiopuated public land--jJymg u ithiu raid Temto-
ry. and that the samu slinil be and lemuin at the sole and
entire disposition ot the United States; and thatthe lands
belonging to i itizensof the United t^tale- ru-idim,' without
the ^.inl State shall never he taxed hndiet than the land biv
longin<4 toie-idetiN tiieieof; and that no ta\esfhall be im-
posed tiy said Wiate on lands or piopeity thinein belonging
to, fir which may hereaflcn be pmcnased by, tin' United
States.
The amendment does not propose to unsettle
i these provisions, but merely to permit the State
to tax the lands after they pass into the hands of
piivate citizens, nothing more.
Mr. WILKINSON. I agreed to this pro-
vision in the bill in committee, and 1 dtvnot sup- |
}>o«e U amounts to very much. The idea that j
operated on my mind was that in the new States, j
very frequently the levying of taxes upon real es-
tate opeiates vpry hard upon that class of settlers
I who go into the States for agricultural purposes;
and hence m many of the btils which have been
heretofore passed by Congress this exemption has
been made. Uis not contained m the enabling act
authorizing the people of Minnesota to fotm a
State government, but in many of the other acts
the provision has been inserted as it is here. I
would suggest that if the people there want to tax
the land let them do so.
Mr. WADE. Yery well; let the Senate vote
as they please.
Mr. COLLAMER. The view of those who
have heretofore acted on this question has been
that the exemption at first for five years was be-
cause we sold our lands on a credit of five years.
Then after that it was continued for a limited time,
in some cases i think three years, really for the
reason that the United States Government had
land there to sell, and they could sell it better to
the people who wanted to buy for the purpose of
having it rise in market and holding it, if it was
not liable to taxation. The object of reserving it
from taxation was to enable the United States the
more easily, the more readily to sell their lands,
because then men taking up the land would not be
subject to taxation until they sold out to actual
settlers. I do not think that is applicable to this
State. If I am rightly informed about it,selling
United States land there will amount to very little.
Therefore I do notknow thatitis necessary to keep
this provision in.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As a member of the
Committee on Territories I consented to allow
this bill to be reported as it stands; but I hope
the chairman of the committee will consent to the
adoption of this amendment. This exemption
was a mistake originally that crept into those bills
for the benefit of speculators, and not for the ben-
efit of the residents. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. WADE. Let the Senate decide it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed to this bill, sir,
for two reasons. The first is that the population
of this Territory does not amount to much more
than halfthe ratio of representation. The second
is that this enabling act requires a State constitu-
tion to be formed m accordance with the princi-
ples of the Declaration of Independence. That
is entirely a new condition, according to my rec-
ollection of acts enabling the people of a Terri-
tory to form a State government. The interpre-
tations which are given to that important paper
are so various and so wide apart that I think it
would be a very unsafe rule.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill in
the tenth section by striking out the words *i have
been or" in line three, and by striking out the
words "prior or" in line four; so as to read:
Five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of all public
lands lying within said State, which shah he sold by the
United States subsequent t<> the admission of said State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and'the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I move a verbal amendment in
line fifteen of section four, to insert the word
" that" after tho word " first."
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ADMISSION 01? COLORADO.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the Col-
orado bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
97) to enable the people of Colorado to form a
eorntitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The boundaues of the proposed State are as
follows: commencing at a point formed by the
intersection of the thn ty-seventh degree of north
latitude with the twenty-fifth degree of longitude
west from Washington; extending thence due
west along the thirty-seventh degree of north lat-
itude to a point formed by Us intersection with
the thirty-second degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence due north along the thirty-
second degree of west longitude to a point formed
by its intersection with the forty-first degree of
noith latitude; thence due east along the forty-
first degree of north latitude to a point formed by
its intersection with the twenty-fifth degree of
longitude west from Washington* thence due
