"§06
APPENDIX TO THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38th Cong.... 1st
Laws of the United States.
in the. public stores or bonded warehouses on the
day and'year thip act shall take effect shall be
subjected to no other duty upon the entry thereof
for^cpnsurhption than if the same were imported
respectively after that day, and so much of the
act of August sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, or any other act, as, requires the sale of fire
crackers, or prohibits their deposit in bonded
warehouse, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 20. And be it farther enacted, That the
joint resolution to increase temporarily the
duticson mipdrts, approved April twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, shall not be
deemed to, have taken effect until after the thir-
tieth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and shall be and remain in force until and
including t\\e thirtieth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and any duties which shall
have been exacted and received, lontrary to the
provisions of this section, shall be refunded by
the Secretary^of the Treasury.
Sec.21. Andbeitfurther.enwted, That, during
the peridd of one,year from the passage of this
act, there may be imported into the United States,
free of duty, any machinery designed for and
adapted to the manufacture of woven fabrics from
the fiber of flax or hemp, including all the pre-
liminary processes requisite therefor; and that
steam agricultural machinery and implements,
may be imported free from duty for one year
from the passage of this act.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions
Of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed:
Provided, That the,existing laws shall extend to
and be in force for the collection of the duties
imposed by this act for the prosecution and pun-
ishment of all offenses, and for the recovery, col-
lection, distribution, and remission of all fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, as fully and effectu-
ally as if every regulation, penalty, forfeiture,
provision, clause, matter, and thing to thateffect
in the existinglaws contained, had been inserted
in and reenacted by this net: And provided further,
That,the duties upon all goods, wares, and mei-
chandise imported from foreign countries not pro-
vided for in this act shall be und remain as they
were, according to existing laws prior to the twen-
ty-ninth of April,eighteen hundred andsixty-four.
Sec. 23. And he it further enacted, That, on
and after the day and year this act shall take
effect, it shall be lawful for the owner, consignee,
or agent of any goods, wares, or merchandise
which shall have been actually purchased, or
procured otherwise than by purchase, at the time
when he shall produce his original invoice, or
invoices, to the collector, and make and verify
his written entry of his goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, as provided by section thirty-six of the
act of March two, seventeen hundred and ninety-
nine, entitled " An act to regulate the collection of
duties oh imports and tonnage," and not after-
wards, to make such addition in the entry to the
cost or value given in the invoice as, in his opin-
ion, may raise the same to the true market value
of such goods, wares, and merchandise in the
principal markets of the country whence they shall
iiave been imported, and to add thereto all costs
and charges which, under existing laws, .would
form part of-the true value at the port where the
same may be entered, upon which the duties
should be assessed. And it shall be the duty of
the collector, within whose district the same may
be imported, or entered, to cause the dutiable
value of such goods, wares, and merchandise
to be appraised, estimated, and ascertained, in
accordance with the provisions of existing laws.
And iftheappraised value thereof shall exceed by
ten p&r centum,or more, the value so declared on
the entry, then,in addition to the duties imposed
fcy law on the same, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty of twenty per centum ad
valorem on such appraised value: Provided, That
the duty shall not be assessed upon an amount less
than the invoice or entered value, any law of Con-
gress to the contrary notwithstanding: And pro-
vided further, That, on and after the day and year
aforesaid, the eighth section of the act entitled
44 An act reducing the duty on imports, and for
other purposes," approved July thirty, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, and the act amendatory
thereof, approved March three,eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 24. And be it further cnactcd% That in
determining the valuation of goods imported into
the United States from foreign countries, except
as hereinbefore provided, upon which duties im-
posed .by any existing laws are to be assessed,
the actual value of such goods on shipboard at the
last place of shipment to the United States shall
be deemed the dutiable value. And such value
shall be ascertained by adding to the value of
such goods at the place of growth, production,
or manufacture, the cost oftransportation, ship-
ment, and transhipment, with all the expenses in-
cluded, from the place ofgro^th, production, or
manufacture, whether by land or water, to the
vessel in which shipment is made to the United
States, the value of the sack, box, or covering of
any kind, in which such goods are contained, com-
mission at the usual rate, in no case less than two
and one half per centum, brokerage, and all export
duties, together with all costs and charges, paid or
incurred for placing said goods on shipboard, and
all other proper charges specified by law.
Sec. 25. And be it farther enacted, That so
much of section twenty-three of the act entitled
"An act to provide for the payment of outstand-
ing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regu-
late and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved March two, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one,as exempts from duty all phi-
losophical apparatus and instruments imported for
the use of any society incorporated forphilosoph-
ical, literary, or religious purposes, or for the en-
couragement oftne fine arts, or for the use or by the
order ofany college, academy, school, or seminary
oflearning in the United States, is hereby repealed.
And the same shall be subject to a duty of fifteen
per eenlnm ad valorem.
Sec. 2G. And be it further enacted, That when
any cask, barrel, carboy, orother vessel of Amer-
ican manufacture, exported or sent out of the
country, filled with the products of the United
States, shall be returned to the United States
empty, the same shall bo admitted fiee of duty,
under such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, Thut on and
after January first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, the invoices of all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, imported into the United States, shall
be made out in the weights or measures of the
country or place from which the importations
shall be made, and shall contain a true statementof
the actual weights or measures of such goods,
wares, and merchandise, without1 any respect to
the weights arid "measures of the United States.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases where officers of the customs, or other
salaried officers of the United States, shall be, or
shall have been, appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, to carry into effect the licenses,
rules, and regulations provided for by the fifth
section of the act of the thirteenth of July, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one," entitled "An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports, and for other purposes," such officer of
the United States shall be entitled to receive one
thousand dollars per annum for his services un-
der the act aforesaid, in addition to his salary or
compensation under any other law: Provided,
That the aggregate compensation of any such
officer shall not exceed the sum of five thousand
dollars in any one year.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That any
baggage or personal effects arriving in the United
States, in transit to any foreign country, may be
delivered by the parties having it in charge to the
collector of customs, to be by him retained with-
out the payment or exaction of any import duty,
and to be delivered to such parties on their depart-
ure for their foreign destination, under such rules,
regulations, and fees as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
Approved, June 30, 18G4.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act to provideWays and
Means for the Support of the Government, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
andheis hereby,authorized to borrow, from time
to time, on the credit of the United States, four
hundred millions of dollars, and to issue therefor
coupon or registered bonds of the United States,
redeemable at the pleasure of the Government,
after any period not less than five, nor more than
thirty, years, or, if deemed expedient, madepay-
ableat any period not more than forty years from
date. And said bonds shall be of such denom-
inations as the Secretary of the Treasury,.shajl
direct, not less than fifty dollars, and bear an an?-
nual interest not exceeding six per eentum, pay-
able semi-annually in coin. And the Secretary of
the Treasury may dispose of such bonds, or any
part thereof, and of any bonds commonly known
as five-twenties remaining unsold, in the United
States,or if he shall find it expedient, inEurope,
at any time, on such terms as he may deem moat
advisable, for lawful money of the United States,
or, at his discretion, for Treasury notes, certifi-
cates of indebtedness, or certificates of deposit
issued under any act of Congress. And all bonds,
Treasury notes,and otherobligations of the Uni-
ted States shall be exempt from taxation by or
underState or municipal authority.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may issue on the credit
of the United States, and in lieu of an equal amount
of bonds authorized by the preceding section, and
as a part of said loan, not exceeding two hundred
millions of dollars, in Tieasury notes of any de-
nomination not less than ten dollars, payable at
any time not exceeding three years from date, or,
if thought more expedient, redeemable at any
time after three years from date, and bearing in-
terest not exceeding the rate of seven and three
tenths per centum, payable in lawful money at
maturity, or, at the discretion of the Secretary,
semi-annually. And the said Treasury notes
may be disposed of by the Secretary of the-Treas-
ury, on the best terms that can be obtained, for
lawful money; and such of them as shall be made
payable, principal and interest, at maturity, shall
be a legal tender to the same extent as United States
notes lor their face value, excluding interest, and
may be paid to any creditor of the United States
at their face value, excluding interest, or to any
creditor willing^o receive them at par, including
interest; and any Treasury notes issued under
the authority of this act may be made convertible,
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
into any bonds issued under the authority of this
act. And the Secretary of the Treasury may
redeem and cause to be canceled and destroyed
any Treasury notes or United States notes hereto-
fore issued under authority of previous acts of
Congress, and substitute,iilieu thereof, an equal
amount of Treasury notes such as are authorized
by this act, or of other United States notes: Pro*
vided, That the total amountof bonds and Treas-
ury notes authorized by the first and second sec-
tions of this act shall not exceed four hundred
millions of dollars, in addition to the amounts
heretofore issued; nor shall the total amount of
Ignited States notes, issued or to be issued, ever
exceed four hundred millions of dollars, and such
additional sum, notexceeding fifty miliionsof dol-
lars, as may be temporarily Required for the re-
demption of temporary loan; nor shall any Treas-
ury note bearing interest, issued under this act,
be a legal tender in payment or redemption of any
notes issued by any bank, banking association, or
banker, calculated or intended to circulate as
money.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the in-
terest on all bonds heretofore issued, payable
annually, may be paid semi-annually; andin lieu
of such bonds authorized to be issued, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may issue bonds bearing
interest* payable semi-annually. And he may
also issue in exchange for Treasury notes here-
tofore issued bearing seven and three tenths per
centum interest, besides the six per centum bonds
heretofore authorized,like bonds ofall the denom-
inations in which such Treasury notes have been
issued; and the interest on such Treasury notes
after maturity shall be paid in lawful money,
and they may be exchanged for such bonds at
any time within three month's from the date of
notice of redemption by the Secretary of the
Treasury, after which the interest on such Treas-
ury notes shall cease. And so much of the law
