1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
business will lie seriously interfered with. In fact,
some vineyards have already been uprooted and
the land appropriated to other agricultural prod-
ucts.
1 piesume, from intimations we have heard
here, that some regard this as a low tax. It is
high, and in some casesamounts to fifty percent.,
and m all cases to those whoproduceit to thirty-
three and a third per cent, upon the value of the
product. Gentlemen are not aware of the injury
they are likely to inflict upon this branch of in-
dustry. A three cent tax will afford more reve-
nue than five cents. If this interest is properly
fostered it will not be many years before that
country will supply wine to foreign countries,
certainly to the whole United States, at a cheap
rate, and I do hope the sensible view will be taken
of this matter which is presented by that memo-
rial, and that the House will adopt my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I am decidedly in favor of
onoom*aging the production of native wines. I
look forward to the time when we not only shall
get all oui wines from California, but get abetter
and purer ai tide than we now get from any other
quarter of the world. But we have already raised
the tax on spirituous liquors, beer, ale, and por-
ter, so that the wines of California are about the
cheapest beverage left to be dtank.
Bat theie is another thing to be thought of.
Before this Congress adjourns I have no doubt
wc shall impose a heavy duty upon foreign wines;
and if we shall do so, the people of California
may well thank this Congress for imposing even
u higher rate than we now impose, even ten cents
upon their wines, and the tax on foreign wines
will be a greater encouragement than they now
have if no duty is imposed upon domestic wine.
I myself should be in favor of even a higher duty.
Mr. II1GBY. The wines produced in Cali-
fornia are the products of small pi oducers,of men
who have small giaperies, and make a. very few
barrels or gallons a year. The aitiele is not good
for use when it first comes from the pi ess.
Rut these small consumers have to sell the wine
as it comes fiom the press in Older to do any
business, and they have to sell it at these low
rates. It is not wine that is fit for drink. It is
tin article winch will become fit to drink in the
piocess of time. But they must sell it just as the
farmer sells Hie produce of his farm, and then it
is trcasuied up by those who happen to have
capital to invest. This tax, therefore, would bear
directly upon the small produce)s.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the section by
inserting ((ten" in place of " five." I confess that
1 approach this section with a little timidity, be-
cause I hold the doctrine that a man ought not to
talk on a question on which he is not wholly
pasted, and J do not know, experimentally, much
about wine; but I do know that the wines made
in Ohio sell for a dollar and a dollar and a quar-
ter a bottle. Theycali it "spaiklingCatawba."
Now, if it is woith $1 25 a bottle, I ihink it will j
bear a tax of ten cents. They are commencing j
to make wine in my own State. It sells now for j
fifty and seventy cents a gallon, 1 am perfectly \
willing to vote for the piotection of this article j
and all otlieis. 1 will vote to impose a tax of a
dollar or two dollars upon imported wine, so as ;
to keep it away; and if there is a high duty I
placed upon imported wine, then domestic wine j
will bear a tux not only of ten cents, but of forty
cents. The manufacturers can afford to nay it,
and those who drink wine can afford to pay it. I 1
do not drink it. it bites like the serpent and
iitliigs like the adder. Those who will'drink it j
can afford to pay the tax 1 propose, and I am sat-
I.sfied that no material interest of the country will
sutler from it.
Mr. SHANNON. 1 believe that the House
will not adopt the amendment of the gentleman !
Jtom Iowa, and 1 only rise for the purposoof say- i
nig that if the tariff on wine is increased, and a i
specific duty of fifty cents or more per gallon is !
applied to wines, so as to prevent the swindling '
lining on by tiie adulteration of wines in France [
winch are *ent over here under the ad valorem sys-
tem, California will be benefited and will be very
willing to pay iliis tax of five cents a gallon. And
if hereafter the necessities of the country requue
that the tax sliali be increased, then you f.-ui put
on an incieaf>ed tax.
Sir, we in California exempt vineyards for three j
years from State and county taxation in order to '•
encourage the wme-producing interests of the (
State, and instead of sending out ^20,000,000and ,
more annually for foreign wines, we shall be en- ,
abled to furnish all our own home consumption ]
and export besides, unless this Congress, by oner- !
ous taxation,cripples, retards, and paralyzes the
infant wine-growing interests of that State. I
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend- I
ment so as to make the tax nine cents instead of j
ten cents. I offer that amendment for the pur- !
pose of saying that 1 hope nothing will be done j
by this Congress to discourage the growth of the i
vine and the manufacture of domestic wines. I j
regard it as one of the most important growing
interests in the country. Like the gentleman
from California, I think'that if we now foster it
or abstain from striking it down at a time when
all the great interests of the country are being
aimed at for the purpose of revenue, it may ob-
tain a foothold in this country "which will ulti-
mately work out not only important results so
far as profit is concerned, but so far also as the
morals of the country are concerned. I contend
that o.ne great object of the people of the country
and of the Legislature of the country and of the
philanthropists of the country, should be to en-
couiage the consumption of pure domestic wine.
It contributes to health ; it contributes to sobriety.
In corroboration of that fact I cite the experience
of France and Germany, where wine is consumed
as a common beverage; and I assert that there is
not a more sober and healthy people on the face
of the earth than the people of those countries.
I want to see the cultivation and manufacture of
wine encouraged here until it becomes the com-
mon drink of'this country as it is of the coun-
tries I have mentioned. 1 want to see wine sub-
stituted to a greatextent for whisky,brandy, and
rum, the indulgence in which brings people down
to the level of tiiu biute. I hope the amendment
of the gentleman fiom Iowa to increase the duty
on wine will not prevail. I think the duty as
fixed by the Committee of Ways and Means a
reasonable one, and I do not wish any objection
to be made to it by my friends from California.
Mr. SHANNON. I will state to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that we are perfectly willing
to submit to the tax repoited by the Committee
of Ways and Means. %
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. 1 endeavored to get the
floor to move an amendment to increase the tax
to thirty cents per gallon instead of ten. That is
the tax imposed last night upon oil for lights;
and yet gentlemen come here to plead this morn-
ing for the wme-guzzler, or, to use a more mod-
erate term, the wine-bibber. The class of men
which they plead for is that of which it has been
said, " Woe unto them that rise up early in the
morning that they may pursue strong dunk."
Mi. COLE. This is notsirongdi'ink. [Laugh-
ter. 1
Mi. SCOF1ELD. Do not tax the men who
belong to the idle, the loafer, and the luxurious
classes. Do not tax them, but if you find any-
thing within th^ range of taxation to light up a
home and make it cheerful, place the tax upon it.
Do not touch wine, do not touch whisky, do
not touch anything that affects the pockets of the
wealthy. But make the poor pay, who are not
veiy well represented here, who do not under-
stand their interests sufficiently to clamor around
, the Committee of Ways and Means, which
1 stands un more obstinately for whisky than any-
thing else. Tax all the poor, because they will
! not murmur at elections and will not be heard.
I spoke here last night a word or two in the m-
' terests of the shanties that line the railroads of
; the country, the shanties of the poor Irishmen
; that vote for you, gentlemen. I want to make
i these humble homes a little more cheerful at night.
; But you have voted to tax them thirty cents a
i gallon on the oil they consume; and now. you
I will not impose a tax of ten cents a gallon on the
I wine that reddens the face of half the members
! of this House. [Laughter.]
' Mr. MALLORY. T withdi aw my amendment;
. and now 1 move to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa by reducing the tax on wine
i to eight cents per gallon. I wish to make a re-
1 mark inanswerto niyiiiend fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofif-ld,] who seems very nimh aggrieved
on the subject of the tax which we have imposed
upon petroleum. He speaks about taxing the
light of the cabins of the poor; but bis trouble
is that that is the oil which flows out of the earth
in his district, and which makes him so rich, and
ho wants to keep off taxation so that he may be
richer.
The gentleman talks about the Irishmen being
imposed upon. You deny the Irishman oil, he
says, and give him whisky. I am ready to refer
that question to the Irishman himself, [laughter,]
and if he does not take whisky in preference to
oil lie is not the Irishman I always supposed him
to be; and 1 ask my fiiend from New Yoik [Mr.
Kernan] if I'am not right in that. He says we
are not for imposing a tax upon wine, and speaks
of the red-faced men in this House, because the
gentleman happens to be a pale-faced man. I
understand that while the habit of drinking pro-
duces, m some persons, concentration of blood
upon the vital organs, that is the most dangerous
sort of drinking m the world. [Laughter.] He
says the Bible is opposed to the drinking of wine.
I would like him to put his finger upon that pas-
sage in the Bible which prohibits the cultuieand
use of wine "for the stomach's sake." Our Sa-
viour converted water into ivmc at the mariiage
feast of Cana.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not quote from the
Bible, but from quite a different volume.
Mr. MALLORY. I was about to remark that
my friend over the way from Massachusetts who
is on the Committee of Ways and Means, or
rather, perhaps, his predecessor 
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a question of ol-
der. I submit that it is unparliamentary to un- •
' dertake to quote the Bible m this House,
i Mr. MALLORY. 1 have no doubt the gcntle-
: man from Iowa would be glad to have the Bible
j excluded from this House. But 1 think difl'er-
i ently. I bow to its authority. But, sir, I desire
that the poor people of this country shall be able
- to purchase wine cheaply a§ the most healthy
; drink that can be obtained. 1 am therefore op-
i posed to placing a heavy tax upon native wines.
I I think its culture ought to be encouraged. I am
' in favor, too, of the poor man getting his light
; cheaply; and I do not think tlieie is anything in
] this bill that will prevent it.
I Mr. HIGBY. I should like to ask the gentle-
man fiom Kentucky if he thinks the Irishman
would prefer wine to whisky > [Laughter.] ^
! Mr. MALLORY. I think peihaps after a lit tie
1 education he would. I very much doubt now, it
the matter was left to his choice, whether he would
/ take the wine. [Laughter.]
< What I desire is that this article of domestic
| wine may be made so cheaply as to be placed
11, within the reach of all classes of our people as a
| common beverage. I believe that the custom
' would be alike conducive to health and morality,
/audi insist upon that position notwithstanding
1 what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has said.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
] Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the amendment,
j! Mr. PRICE. I object to the withdrawing of
the amendment for two reasons: first, because i
li deny the proposition of the gentleman from Ifen-
! tucky that there is nothing in the Bible against
;i the use of wine; and secondly,because I deny his
/proposition that a cheaper and better beverage
! than wine is not to be found. Sir, there is a
' cheaper and better beverage to be found in some
places in the far West, and in earlier years I re-
■ member it gushing from the hill-sides and moun-
tain springs of Pennsylvania. It is known as
I water, it may be found by those who tire anxious
I; to drink it in almost all places as free as the air we
|i breathe.
j Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 hope if my friend has
!' found such a beverage that he will not mention
li it here, for the Committee of Ways and Means
■ will have a tax upon it immediately if they find
', it out. [Laughter.]
! Mr. PRICE. Then, again, so far as health is
| concerned, I have found, in the course o{ my oi>-
' servations, that the man who drinks water is
•> about as healthy and about as good a man,phys-
ically and mentally, as the man who drinks wine.
I But, su, this is not a question of beverage in thin
i| committee, it is a question of revenue, and, in my
;; judgment, wme can afford to pay ten, twenty,or
j I forty cents per gallon better than oil can pay thirty
II cents. One is necessary; the other is not. Men
