1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
south along the twenty-fifth degree of west lon-
gitude.
Mr. WADE. This bill is precisely like the
other, and perhaps the Senate by unanimous con-
sent will dispense with reading it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are the amendments that
were incorporated in the other bill incorporated in
this ?
Mr. WADE. They are not; but the amend-
ments can be offered to make it conform to the
other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
bill will be dispensed with if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill in
like manner with the preceding bill, by striking
out of the fourth section all after the words " Uni-
ted States," in the twenty-sixth line, ending with
the word act," in the thirty-fifth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being pre-
cisely the same amendment offered to the other
bill, it will be regarded as adopted if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. HARLAN. In section ten I move to strike
out in line three the words."have been or,"and
in line four the words " prior or."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
is understood to be precisely like one agreed to
in the other bill, and will he regarded as adopted
if thexp be no objection. The verbal amendment
moved by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
will also be made to this bill if there be no objec-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe the last amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa was in section ten.
I move to stiike out that whole section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read section ten, as follows:
Sec. 10. Jhid le it further enacted, That five per cent
of the proceeds of tile sales of all public lands lying within
said State which shaU be sold by the United States subse-
quent to the admission of said State into the Union, after
deducting all the expenses incident to the same, '.hall lie
paid to the said State for the purpose of making and im-
proving public roads, conducting ditches or canals, to
efl'ect a general system of lmgation of theagricultuial land
in the State, as the Legisiatuie shall direct.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to detain
the Senate long, but I desire to have this matter
rightly understood. When we originally granted
to the new States five per cent, of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands within their limits
for the purpose of making improvements within
the States, it was done as a remuneration for the
agreement on their part not to tax the lands sold
by us for five years after their sale. We granted
to them in the fust place three per cent., and af-
terwards five per cent, as a remuneration to them
for the suspending of that right. That was tlie
origin of the thing. It has undergone modifica-
tion from time to time since. Rut inasmuch as
it has been moved and approved here that the
State shall have the right to tax immediately all
the lands sold or taken up within the State, the
giving of this five per cent, is entirely without
consideration, and I therefore move to strike it
out. I do not expect to succeed in this motion,
because I know the power of the West is alto-
gether potential; but I wished to state the prin-
ciple as I understand it to be and let the Senate
do as they please.
Mr. HOWE. I dare say the Senator from Ver-
mont is right m stating the origin of this five per
cent, payment; but I certainly have understood
it very differently than he has stated it. 1 have
understood that the five per cent, was given as a
consideration, not for exempting the sold lands
from taxation for five years or three veais, hut
for exempting lands unsold ftom taxation forever
—all your lands until they are sold; and I behe\e
many of the enabling acts so state it.
Mr. COLLAM ER. It is true that a part of the
contract was that the States should not tax the
United States Government lands at all. We know
it was a disputed point whether they over had such
a powerany way; but to remove all question, that
was inserted in the acts, and that was i ig 1st enough
in order to remove all doubt upon the point. But
the suspension of the right of taxing land actually
sold for five years, was the essential consideration
for the grant of the three percent., which was the
original grant, afterwards extended to five per
cent. Three per cent, was granted to the State
for the purpose of making improvements within
her own borders, and two per cent, reserved by
the United States to be laid out by the United
States in the making of improvements toward
and within the State itself. That was the original
agreement; that was the way the three per cent,
and the two per cent, stood before. Now they
take the whole five per cent., and yet tax all the
lands from the moment of their sale.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the bill now identical with
the one just passed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so un-
derstands.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories whether
he has any information as to the extent of the
population of this Territory ?
Mr. WADE. Nothing that I can rely upon
with a very great deal of confidence. I have taken
some pains to ascertain the facts from the Dele-
gate in the other House, and from Mr. Edmunds,
of the Land Office, who has some information on
that subject. I understand there must be now
about sixty thousand inhabitants in Colorado;
some think a great deal more than that. That
is the smallest number I find intimated by those
who profess to know anything about it. It is a
Territory which is filling up very rapidly. Judge
Edmunds tells mo that he has not the least doubt
in the world that before they finish their arrange-
ments and become a State, there will be sufficient
population there for a Representative in Congress
according to the ratio of representation fixed by
the last census. That is about the information
I got.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT GENEltAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of tho day, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday, is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
26) reviving the grade of lieutenant general in the
United States Army, the pending question being
on the amendment reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, in section one,
line eleven, after the word "ability," to strike out
the following words:
And who, being commissioned as lieutenant general,
shall be authonzed, under the direction of the Piesident,
to command the auilies of the United States ; and that we
respectfully recommend the appointment of Major Genet ai
U. 8. Grant, of Illinois, for the position of lieutenant gen-
eral.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am unalter-
ably opposed to the passage of this bill in any
shape in which it can be presented to the consid-
eration of the Senate; and 1 will occupy the at-
tention of the Senate for a few minutes while 1
state the reasons that will govern my vote; not,
however, with the most remote idea tiiatanything
I can say will prevent the passage of the bill, al-
though I am thoroughly convinced that the best
interests of the country require that it should not
Mr. President, let us look for one moment at
the past history of this country in connection
with this subject of a lieutenant general. When
in 1798 it was believed by our ancestors that war
was imminent between this country and Prance,
the whole attention of the people of this country
was directed to the one subject of the selection of
a man who was capable of leading our armies
acainst the embattled hosts of that kingdom.
The man who was preeminent in all the relations
of life, who was regauled as the "firstm war, fust
m peace, and first in the hearts of his country-
men"—George Washington—was the man who
was selected. He was the man who bad led the
armies of this country through the seven years5
war with Great Britain. He was the man who
had for eight years administered the affairs of this
Government as the Chief Executive Magistrate
of the Government. He had been tried in the
highest positions in which he could be placed,
bolh in a civil and military point of view; and
there was an eminent fitness and propriety in
giving a new rank in a ease of that kind, where
you selected a man who had been the chief of our
armies for seven yeais and had been for eight
yeais our Chief Magistrate, to command our ar-
mies; but even the, name of that man, transcend-
ent as he was, was not sought by anybody to be
incorporated into the resolution of Congress.
The resolution under which George Washington
was appointed, as we are informed by the con-
temporaneous history of the event,,was passed
at the instance of the then President of the United
States, John Adams. Is there any parallel,be-
tween that case and this? Is there any parallel be-
tween George Washington, who for fifteen years
had been at the head of the Army and of the na-
tion, and who was recommended and for whose
appointment the law was passed at the instance;
of the then Executive, and General Grant whor
has been at the head of one of our armies during-
the last thirty months?
That war cloud, sir, passed over. We escape^
the difficulties with Prance that were anticipated
in this country, and the office of lieutenant gen-
eral became obsolete. We had no war until that
of 181&-14 with Great Britain. During that war
we had several generals who distinguished them-
selves greatly iRthe field. We had our Browns,
our Porters, our Seotts, our Ripleys, our Ma-
combs, our Hamptons, and our Jacksons; but no
man ever thought at that time of creating the office
of lieutenant general to bestow upon any one of
them. No such suggestion ever emanated from
any quarter, and no Congress of the United States
therefore ever gave a single moment of consider-
ation to the subject.
But, sir, there was one man who did distin-
guish himself greatly during that war, at Lundy's
Lane and at Chippewa. He remained in the
Army after the war. He afterwards greatly dis-
tinguished himself in connection with the removal
of the Cherokee Indians, pie distinguished him-
self in connection with the Patriot war, as it was
called, on our northern boundary. He distin-
guished himself in connection with the north-
eastern boundary difficulties with Great Britain.
But more than all, he led our armies through a
succession of triumphs achieved in Mexico, and
which finally culminated in the capture of the
halls of the Montezumas.
Did anybody during that war ever suggest
that we should create a lieutenantgeneralcy for the
purpose of bestowing distinction upon General
Scott? No. It was never conceived of until years
after the end of the Mexican war. The law itself
did not pass until seven or eight years after the
end of the war, apd then it only conferred a^bre-
vet; and in that act which conferred the brevet
no man's name was mentioned. It was never
thought of making General Scott a lieutenant gen-
eral even by brevet—that man who had distin-
guished himself at the head of our armies in our
war with Great Britain in 1812-14, who had dis-
tinguished himself at the head of our armies and
in a civil capacity all along between 1814 and 1846,
who had distinguished himself and achieved so
many victories in Mexico—until years after the
MexicaiWvar, when public sentiment had become
crystalized and settled into the conviction that it
was proper that some distinction should be award-
ed to him. I ask gentlemen who advocate the pass-
age of this bill what analo'gy there is between the
two cases—and those are the only two cases that
exist in our history—and this case which it is
proposed to make now ?
One of the great arguments that was urged in
the case of General Scott was that he was the only
man during the war, and the only man during the
twenty years preceding the war, who, on account
of his distinguished service, had not been able to
get any increase of either rank or pay; and it was
for that consideration among others that the bre-
vet rank was conferred upon him. So much in
regard to the history of lieutenant generals.
What will he the effect of the passage of this
bill if we do pass it? It will have, one of three
effects: either it will call General Grant from the
position that he now orcupies, from the field, and
place him here at the head, as commander-in-
chief of the armies, at Washington, and cause him
to be a man of council rather than a mail of ac-
tion; or. second, it will make him the commander-
in-chief of the armies of the United States, con-
trolling the armies of the United States, and still
exercising the local command which he now holds;
or else, thud, it will confer no distinction upon
him other than the mere nominal rank and pay,
and leave him exactly where he is, to be governed
by the President of the United States as Com-
