2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
i.o sponge out honest, individual debts of every
nature.
'Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I have no
arguments to add to thqse advanced by the gen-
tleman who introduced this bill. It stands upon
its merits as introduced by him, and upon its
merits, I judge, it will eventually pass. But, sir,
there is something in this bill so national and
reasonable, that ,1 feel called uponto add my voice
in presenting to the House a few facts connected
with the history of bankruptcy. The necessity
for this law exists in the exigencies of the times
and in the requirements of a great na'tion with its
varied and conflicting interests; a necessity sug-
gested by experience to'every people, of estab-
lishing some just syjstem of law, which shall give
security to enterprise and reward and protect trade
through all itsrisks,and bring wealth and pros-
perity to the whole country. Upon the same
principle the light-house is built, which directs
the mariner traversing the ocean to seek a har-
bor in the midst of a storm, where he*may shun
utter ruin and refit his shattered fortunes.
Sir, no assault can be made on this bill upon
principle. The assault against it is made upon
time-worn prejudicesalone.- The gentleman from
Indiana tells us that the support of this bill does
not come from the West. I believe that position
is untenable; but that there does exist a great
prejudice against the bankrupt law in all agricul-
tural countries I must admit, for all history
proves it.
Owing to the brief space of time allowed me in
this debate, it will be impossible for me to enter
at large into the historical review of bankruptcy
from this point. But the hint may serve to show
the way to others, and by reference to the follow-
ing facts 1 believe a, fair illustration may be had
of the course of legislation against class preju-
dices.
The origin of courts of bankruptcy is sufficient
to prove that every farmer feels a. natural antag-
onism to anything in favor of the trader. In the
earliest part of ihe rcigu of Edward i) I, when for
the first time among the English people trallicas-
sumed a form, those markets that are now com-
mon in all commercial countries first began m
England. Then the English trader first made his
appearance. His differences and competition
With the farmer bccame a source of difficulty.
The tradei's dishonesty became a source of loss
to the faum.r, This state of things continued
till the time of Henry VIII. So heinous hud then
become the offenses of the traders that bankruptcy
was treated as a crime, and the bankrupt became
a felon.
The first statute against bankrupts passed in
England was the 34 and 35 Henry VIII, entitled
"An act against such persons as do make bank-
rupt;" and the preamble was as follows:
" Whereas diver* and sundry persons craftily obtaining
into ihc.ir hands gieat btiWwuice or* oihoi men's goods do
Btiddenlj flee to unknown, or k«>«p then houses, not
minding to pay or restote to «nv their auditors thou debts
and duties, out at their own wills and ph-asmes consume
the Mibstnnce obtained by credit of other men lor their own
pleasure and dciieato living against all ica ou, equity, and
good conscience."
The penalty fixed as punishment for such of-
fenders was marked with all the cruelty which
the customs of that age and the prejudice of the
ruling agricultural interest of England could in-
vent.
Upon complaint made to the Lord High Chan-
cellor and other high petwoimges, they were em-
powered to seize the body and cffects "and land of
the offender. Such the spnit of English law re-
mained even to the reign of Georgo J], of Hessian
memory, when the system pursued against bank-
rupts was full of cruelty and injustice, and a bank-
rupt for not surrendering upon the day appointed
for him to do so was declaimed guilty of felony
and liable to the punishment of death.
As commercial prosperity and a more liberal
policy developed in Europe, ihe odium attached
to bankruptcy begun to disappear, and enlight-
ened statesmen turned their minds to the noble
task of eradicating the popular and prevailing
prejudice against the victims to the vicissitudes
of trade and freaks of fortune.
The seventies of old laws were relaxed, and
although the fiaudulent bankrupt is still liable to
punishment, his life is safe, and imprisonment
limited to a term of years.
But statutes which icmove penalties and free
the body often fail to illumine the mind and dis-
pel popular prejudice—a fact which the whole
course of legislation on this subject in modern
times establishes with irresistible force. That
ancient prejudice against trades among all classes
of landed proprietors still exists m the popular
mind,and forms, I believe, the basis of every ar-
gument against a national bankrupt law that has
been advanced in this or any other legislative
body.
Having endeavored to show what is the nat-
ural prejudice between the commercial and agri-
cultural interests, I will pass to another point. I
do not range myself in this debate, nor have I
sought to do so at any time, as the representa-
tive of commercial interests exclusively, in an-
tagonism to the gentleman, from Indiana, [Mr.
Cravens,] as the representative of agricultural
interests. JButcertuinly it is becoming in us, rep-
resenting different interests, to ovetcome those
prejudices which have characterized all legisla-
tive bodies and hare brought woe upon the peo-
ple. By reference to the statistics of my colleague,
[Mr. Ward,] gentlemen will find, Mr. Speaker,
abundant proof of the numerous and just grounds
of complaint against Congress for failing to re-
dress the undeserved wrongs of a large and wor-
thy class of our fellow-citizens made bankrupt
by no fault of theirs, victims of a fickle fortune
or a false friend, i alluded to the history of
Ijtiiifth law in this respect, and of the conflict
between trader* and non-traders. When the ex-
isting prejudice against including the agricultural
non-trading intercut in the same category with
bankrupt trailers was adjusted, the dilliculty was
insurmountable. I appeal, therefore, to gentle-
men to be superior to these prejudices, and to
examine the bill on its own merits, and I am
confident that they will find that this bill is
based on principles established by all commercial
nations; that it does no injustice to any class of
our citizens, but on the contrary that it redresses
the wiongs of a large and deserving class, and is
in consonance with the practice of all the msolv-
en^courts of the United States. The great quality
of this particular law is in its spirit; it possesses
a great and good principle as well as a wise pol-
icy as its foundation; it seeks not only to do
away with all those difilculties that have pre-
vented men once under the ban of bankiuptcy
from finding relief without clinging to the cied-
itor and undeigomg the law's delay, but also
abolishes by practical working of the system in-
troduced that lemnant of feudal prejudice which
favors the lords of the soil and humbles the trader
before the fai mer, anting to strengthen and re-
new that glorious pimlege of equality among ail
classes in the State which undeilies our Consti-
tution. In reply to the argument that this bill
is not in accordance with the Constitution, and
hostile to the principles of American law, I will
pomtall objectois to this one fact, that the Con-
stitution ol the United States, fiamed in view of
the Ameiican system of Government, provides
that Congress ahall have power to establish a
general bankrupt law.
Such is this law. It is the result of one of the
requirements of the Constitution. And we wish
that this session shall not close, this day shall not
pass, without leaving on our lecords some small
testimony that we are marching on, with all other
gieat commercial and agncultuial nations of the
world, in perfecting the system of our jurispru-
dence.
MESSAGE F110M TFJfi PRESIDENT.
f A message, in writing, H nra the President of the
United States, by Mr. Hay, his Private Secre-
tary, was received.
BANKRUPT LAW AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bankrupt law.
Mr JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, this bill has been
very widely distributed. It has been studied, 1
presume, by members of the House, and i know
it has been studied by men out of the House.
Every suggestion ofamendment has been consid-
ered, and, so tar as proper, has been adopted. Its
passage has been recommended from the piinci-
pal Boards of Trade in the country, by the repre-
sentatives of the debtor interestand by the repre-
sentatives of the creditor interest. We have files
of letters from both sides recommending its im-
mediate passt'ge. It ueems to mc that the reason
urged by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cra-
vens] ought to be no objection to its passage-
that the district he represents will not in the feast
be affected by it. The commercial districts will
be affected by it. They ask for it as a healthy
measure in the administration of commercial law.
They ask it, representing as they do the greater
portion of the property of the country. These
districts include a laige portion of the active busi-
ness of the country, and why not concede to them
the very beneficial measure which they request
at our hands ? They agree that it is, a necessity
for them, and the prosperity of their business is
the wealth and prosperity of the nation. It is but
fair and just that we should yield to them what
they demand.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe it is the wish of
the agricultural portions of the country that this
bill should not pass. I appeal to the gentleman
fiom Michigan [Mr. Driggs] whether the con-
trary is not the case.
Mr. BRAWN, of Wisconsin. Letmeask the
gentleman from Rhode Island whether he has
adopted the suggestions which were made for the
amendment of the bill?
JMr. JENCKES. I have.
Mr. DRIGGS. In answer to the appeal of
the gentleman from Rhode Island I will say a few
words. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cra-
vens] has stated that in his district he does not
know of a single man who is in favor of the pas-
sage of this bill. I wish to say that in my own
district, and in any State west of my own, I do
not know of a single individual opposed to the
passage of a bankrupt law. I have been through
all parts of my district, and I know that to be the
case there. I think, from the little time I have
had to examine the bill, that the special commit-
tee have prepared as good and wise a measure as
we can hope to have, one founded on previous
laws and experience; and 1 believe that the in-
terests of the country demand its passage. I be-
lieve that the majority of the people of my State
aie in favor of the passage of such a law. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will pass.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, this bill con-
tains a provision to enable the House to make
proper amendments if it be imperfect in any re-
spect. It provides for the appointment of com-
missioners under the authority of the Supieme
Couit to provide rules for pleading and practice
under it which shall be uniform in every district
of the United Slates. I wish the bill to become
a law at this session of Congress, so that the com-
mission may enter upon their labors, and at the
next session present to us their report on the sub-
ject. We may then have intelligent recommend-
ations for future action. It is true that we cannot
anticipate ail the wants of the business of the
country, but if we make a provision for the study
of the law in the mean time, then we shall be able
during this Congress to make corrections in its
own work if theie be errors m it. I now call for
the previous question.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bili.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, moved that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 65, not voting 68; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J, Allen, An-
comi, Jliiilv, Jacob II. Blair, Hhs , Freeman Clarke, Cox,
Cravens, Dcni&on, Eden, Edgei ton, Eld ridge, Fmek, Giujej,
H lie, Hauling, Harrington, Chillies M. Hatrif, Iloiman,
William Johnson, Knapp Law,Lazeni, Le Blond, Long,
Marey. Me Dowel 1, Jante^R. Moms, Morij^on, Amo-Mvets,
Noble, Chades O'Nf ill, Qrth, Patterson, Pendleton, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rog^r.-, Seofieid, Scott, Wil-
liam G. Stenb , Sirou^e, Trao v, Voorht'es-, Wad&woitli, Chil-
ton A. White, and Joseph W. White—40.
NAYS — Mopia. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John JL>. Balduin, Bemoan, Blow, Bouiwell,
Bro'unall, James S. Brow :i, Chan lei, AmbiOt-o VV. Ciaik,
Cobb. Coinoth Cole, Ifeniv Wintei Pavis. Thama- T. Da-
vis, Dawe-, Dixon, Donnelly. Dug<:-, Eliot, Kent on, Fumk,
Gannon, Gooeh, GrnaielLGn--wuid? ilemek, IIoojk r. A a-
hel VV. Hubbaid, John 11. Hubbard, flullnud, Jenekes, Ju-
lian, Krliev, Fianew \V. Kellogg, Oilaudo Keflugy;, J^mle-
jolm, liOii^jear, Marvin, MeJi'd<ic,Sarnut.i F. .M ilict, Mor-
iill, Dciiiul Mom.-. Leonard Mycirf, Odell, Alexander II.
Riee. John 11. Rice, Shannon. Sloan, riualdiiig. Stair.Sweat,
Tiiayei. Thomas, Up^on, Van Yaikenimtmi, Waul, Wil-
liam P>. Wasulmm, VVIieeiei, William-., Wilaon Wuidom,
and \V"(i'xi!>i idee—65.
Is'O'P VOTING—Messis. Alley. Andejson, Ashley,Bax-
ter, Blame, Francis P. Blair, Boyd, Brawiegee, Brooks,
