1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
fovthecn, I am of" their kith and kin. I stand
with tbum when the good-natured joke causes a
laugh at their expanse, and 1 have never shrunk
from t|iem when bitter and illiberal denunciation
has been hurled against them as a class, and I
fiever shall. They have their foibles and their
faults; what eluss has not? But they have noble
characteristics and many virtues. They come to
this country intending to make it their home.
They desire civil and religious liberty, and love
our institutions because they secure them. They
desire the perpetuation of the Union; no'class
b$s a greater interest in its preservation than they
and their descendants; they will do their whole
duty in trying"to maintain it.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
jokingly said that he favored the lower rather
than the higher tax proposed on this article (cav-
endish tobacco) out of regard tomy Irish friends."
I thank him, but fear it will be like too many of
the professions of regard for them from the polit-
ical party with which he acts, more of professions
tlu\n of practical good. The Irish laborer, like
every other laborer in our country, will have to
bear, his full share of the burdens of the taxation
impose^ by this bill. He will pay no income tax,
it is true, but lie Will have to pay a tax on the
spade with which he earns his btcu(i,upon all the
necessaries which he and his family consume;
upon the shoes which cover his feel, the rough
coat which protects him from the storm. The
price of all these will be enhanced by the taxation
necessary to curry on this war. He will bear it
without complaint if we make it a war for and
thereby preserve the union of the States under
the Constitution, and stop the war when this is
accomplished. If this be not done,heand every
other citizen has great reason to complain.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NELSON. I move to nmoml, in line four
hundred and thirty-four, by striking out " thirty-
five" and*inserting " fifteen;" so that the tax on
fine-cut, manufactured, to be sold or delivered
loose, in bulk, or in packages, papers, wrappers,
or bbxes, shall be fifteen cents per pound,
^ I a'sk the Clerk to read a remonstrance I hold
it\ my hand, piesented by many manufacturers
in New York of great experience and respecta-
bility.
- The Clerk rend, as follows:
FisHKitx, New York, sljiril 21, 1864.
I>ea.kSir: YVe, the under-igney, take the liberty of rc-
questing you, as our Representative, to present to their
honorable budy,ilie Repit'sentauves hi Congress assembled,
the following petition in reieience to the hoavy tax pro-
po^fd on tobacco and cigars. If pa-«M*(I,it will be the turn
of ail honest manufacturer* and tinow thousands out of
ompioymnnt, the* i>y defeating the verj objectthc Govern-
ment lias in im}io>inp t>uch taxation.' We ihereiore ask
that the tax piopo?ed be modified in such a way that it will
benefit the Government and those connected with thif
ba«dw  s. ft can be done and should bt.- done in justice to
ali concerned.
Hon. H. A. Nelson.
Mr. KELSON. That remonstrance is signed
by forty-four men who are engaged in the manu-
fa'cture8many of them on a very large scale, and
they say that to increase the tax so largely will
scatter those who are engaged'in the manufacture,
make it a secret operation, and break up the busi-
ness as an open, known, and public branch of
trade; and that the Government will derive less
rather than more revenue fiorn this high rate of
taxation. The fifteen cents Fpropose is the same
as the rate contained In t,he old bill,
Mr. STEVENS. I this morning received a let-
ter from a large tobacco firm in Cincinnati, say-
ing that the tax on ali kinds of tobacco will bear
to be increased very largely, and that the tax on
this kmd ought to be put at forty or fifty cents.
Mr. NELSON. Did that one manufacturer in-
form the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means hoiv much he had on hand already man-
ufactured i
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir, he did no!. I was
curious to inquire but could not find out, and I
suppose it is about the same thing with the men
wiso signed that paper.
Mr. NELSON". They have none.
■Mr. STEVENS. I take it for granted they
have no stock on hoiid. I believe that all these
items of tobacco would bear a larger tax than is
put upon them. We have not increased the tax
to anything hke the extent we have increased the I
tax on whisky and petroleum. If my recollection
is right there are about five ivmdi eri and sixty of
the class of manufacturers who have signed the
paper which lias betn read in the city of New
York. Whereyrethe balance? What is the rea-
son they have not appeared hery? I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FRANK. I move to strike out in line four
hundred and thirty-four, on page 132, " thirty-
five,"and to insert in lieu thereof " fifty;" oo
that the clause will read: " On tobacco, fine-cut,
manufactured, to be sold or delivered loose, in
bulk, or in packages, papers, wrappers, or boxes,
fifty cents per pound."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend by striking
out the word "five," m line four hundred and
thirty-six, and inserting 44 two" in lieu thereof;
so that the clause will read: "On cigars, valued
at not over ten dollars per thousand, two dollars
per thousand." That will leave it the same as it
is in the old tax bill.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mi. MORRILL. 1 move to amend m linefour
hundn d and thirty-ei^ht by striking out" seven"
and inserting " eight," so that tho paragraph will
read: "On cigars, valued at over ten dollars and
not over twenty per thousand, eight dollars per
thousand."
Mr. NELSON. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out " eiijht" and inserting
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. NELSON. In line four hundred and forty
I move to strike out " twelve"and insert " five;"
so that the paiagraph will read: 4< On cigars, val-
ued at over twenty dollars and not over forty dol-
lars per thousand, five dollars per thousand."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KLItN AN. I mo\ e to strike out " twelve"
and insert li fiOecn."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 move to add at the end of the
paragraph, in relation to tobacco, the following:
Provided, That the valuer herein mentione'dshall be ihe
value of the articles without lhe tax added. ,
In support of that amendment, I will ask the
Cieik to lead a letter from a manufacturer in ex-
planation of this proviso.
The Cieik read, as follows:
Evet since the tax biii has b^en in operation, the offi-
cers oi infernal tevetnu and iiic m.riuf«ietmerf:oteigar>have
been at \arj;ince in reiraid to the proper constiucrion to be
placed upon the wosd k \aiue J By reieiin>£ to the old tax
bill >ou will ohboivf ili.u Uie section appeitaimug to cigars
read^ thus:
{k -All c'i:far-> valued at live dollar* and not overten dollars
per thousand, t\v> doll.us p.-r iiiou--u;,d; over ton dollars
andnotovei twenty doiluis^- 5>> p* r fhounandj'&c. Now,
the question at ts Mie i-, whether Hie fiamets ot the bill in-
tended the woid 4 value' to nn-an the puce of the cigars as
fcoiu by the manufacture), with or without the tax. We
have been paymp: at the i.ite, with lav added,according to
ihe decision ot theCoimni^sioiter of Internal Revenue, but
have never rhought it light, for this reason, that the addi-
tion otthe tax to the puce that Ave could atlmd to sell the
ei^araf, will inerea.se the r.Ue of tax on the lower-priced
cigars futy eetit-* and on tin* liner qtuhtteb one.dollar per
thousand, which in the eour-e ot ayear is quite an item to
al.u'sc manntaefme!. TIik- lire; bSen the ea>e under the
old it'll, -iiitl in the new Still, with largely i'lereascd taxes,
the dw>; p.tney vul  h" niueh jrieater. 'An i!lu&tiatioii of
the avoi kinjj; oi tins ' v.di, •' svMem wdl peihaps the better
enable you to cninpn bend my Hen.-. Hay. for instance, I
have a ei^ai tlu.l 5 <"ou!d titloid to >ell at eighteen dollais,
which h the proper viluc; 1 would then have to pay*, ac-
cording to m)' eon-nuetini ot' the woid ' value,' $2 50 per
thousand, but as sth lit" tax added tin,-price would be$Q0f>0
per thousand—thevaiui aeeawiiim to dec Monot Comims-
bionei—i.nd "•ubjectnie to a tax oi .^3 r>u per thousand, leav-
ing me only <«ovei,teeii doli.u-. net tor my eigatv, and you
will no doubt coincide waii mi: that tins is certainly un-
just and a mUcon^tiuettou of tJ>e act.
{> My object in wilting to you is merely to suggest the
propriety of having tins matter ptopn ly adjusted before the
passage of the new bill, so as to prevent all further dispute.
It is no more than right tnat there should be a proper un-
derf-tanding between the Government and the persons serv-
ing it."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have been aware of this
controversy between the manufacturers of cigars
and the Government; but there never was really
but one side to it. Suction seventy-four of the
original law, following section sixty-eight, in
which is set forth the duty of manufacturers to
moke returns, is in these words: /
"Th.it the vsihie and quantity of the good*, wares, and
merchandise required to be stated, a= afotef-aid, and sub-
ject to an ad valorem duty, shall be estimated b\ the actual
eales made by the manufacturer."
The universal rule m regard to manufacturers
has been to require them to pay upon their Rules.
It has been so in reference to the levy of a tax upon
railroads, upon their, dividends. We have re-
quired them to deduct the three percent, paid to the
Government from the gross amount of the divi-
dends, whether paid to individuals or the gross
amount considered together. This man ad valorem
duty, and is to be ascertained by the value of the
article to be taxed, and therefore this would be a
departure from the universal policy of the law,
and would be attended with great inconvenience.
Mr. ANCONA. I wish to call attention to the
fact that this is a specific duty, and not an ad
valorem duty; and therefore the same rule will not
apply.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,
we are about closing this section which concludes
the taxation of articles. I desire to offer an
amendment to it. My amendment is to add the
following:
On tobacco in leaf,corn, wheat, hops, rye, bailey, beans,
pcasi, oats, hay, hemp, wool, and all other articles of do-
mestic growth which aie iccogmzcd m trade as articles of
commerce, when M>ld in quantities of not less than (gjiUO
value, a duty of one percent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, none of the articles referred to
in this amendment are included in the bill. Cer-
tainly, if we desire revenue, it is a most singular
and significant omission. If my amendment
shall be adopted by the committee, taking the
census of 1860, which I hold in my hand, as the
basis of an estimate, it would produce a revenue
of between forty and fifty million doilais. Now,
sir, having leference to tiie fact that this bill omits
all tax upon agricultural products, I should be
derelict to the constituents whom I icpresent if
i did not make an effort, which can only be made
on this occasion and at this period of the con-
sideration of the bill, to include these agricul-
tural products.
Sir, we desire to raise a revmueof £300,000,000
by this law. By omitting this great interest of
the country, the paramount interest of the coun-
try, we necessarily increase the burdens which
the commercial and manufacturing interests are to
bear. I see no reason why one of the three great
interests of the country should be entirely ex-
empted from bearing its just, fair, and equitable
proportion of the burdens that grow out of this
war. Aslsaid before, the city of New Yot k will
pay two thirds of the whole revenue to be derived
from this law if impasses without the amendment
{ have offered. Why this omission ? Is it because
the majority is afraid to offend the farming inter-
ests of the country at this time? I desire to know
why it is that this great interest of the country is
allowed to go entirely free from taxation. 1 de-
sire to know why the manufactui tng interest, w hy
the positively productive interest of the country
is to be entirely broken down by this addition of
tax. Those who produce everything by manual
labor are to get nothing but taxation, and those
who produce nothing by manual labor are to get
everything. Withoutanyexpectation, Mr.Chair-
man, that the majority of the committee will con-
cur in my proposition, from a sense of duty to those
I represent, and to be consistent in my course, I
have offered this amendment for the consideration
of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from New "Vork is very much mistaken if
he supposes that the agricultural interests are not
taxed. Every one of the articles which he enu-
merates is included in the income tax that is laid
upon the farmer, and goes to make up a portion
of his income which is taxed. Besides that we
have laid ah additional tax of $20,000,000 on the
farming interestof this country, which is entirely
distinct from ail other taxes laid. I think, there-
fore, that the agricultural interests of the country
bear a full propoition of all the taxes to be borne
at all. *
Mr, FERNANDO WOOD. May I ask the
gentleman whether under the proposition of tax-
ing the income a majority of farmers will not be
exempt by the limitations that exempt home-
steads and $600of income? Will not that in the
main leave farmers entirely free from the pay*
ment of income tax?
