mn.
THE UJXUKKKSlOiXAL -GLOBE;
imi
Mr. STEVENS. [ do nm think so. I know •
that the farmeis m my district pnjTa wry consul- i
erable income tax. i think that over fifty thou- .
sand dollars have been paid in my district alone 1
lust year. i
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Wilt the -niiie- J
man allow me another question? If that ho so, i
why is it that the manufacturing and commercial j
classes* are'not only obliged to pay income tax, '
hm are also obliged to pay a direct tax upon their i
products and matters of trader |
Mr. STEVENS. They are not taxed in the
wuv the gentleman mentions. |
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Yes, sir. Every 1
article that is manufactured, even down to the j
afticlo of soft .soap, every article, going into the •
Musi oidiuary use in household affairs, is taxed j
dir.M tly. |
Mr. STEVENS, We have laid a direct tax j
upon real estate. The manufacturer has httle !
n a' estate, and this direct tax falls almost exciu- 1
s'vely upon the agricultural portions of the coun-
tiy. We tax the faimers also on their incomes;
and if itie fanner consumes all lie raises, it is for
tin' purpose of paying the expenses of something
else, winch again pays income. 1 maintain, there-
fore, that under this law the farmer will pay as
much as he dtd before, and as much, perhaps, >n
ptopinion ro his anility, lis those uf other occu-
pations.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend th<'amend-
ment by striking out die word "beans."
The 0 HA1RM AN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will confine himself strictly to his amend-
ment. [Laughter.]
• Mr. MALLORY. Weil, sir, I think 1 should
n.auTe a ht:!e laigcr latiuule than that. I move
tn strike out all ihe articles mentioned in the
amendment.
1 sec n" i.-uson why these articles should be j
insetted in the bill. Nor do 1 see any force to j
the argu ments of the gentleman ft om New York. I
As the honou\bl "> gentleman from Pennsylvania '
[Mr. Steven's] has said, the farmer is taxed far j
more in this lull than he was before. And I be- j
heve when you come to investigate it you will I
find he is taxed more than those engaged in any !
other pursuit. His income, as the gentleman !
from Pennsylvania lias lomarked, over £,000
taxed five per cent. His horses are taxed, and j
by the direct tax upon the real estate ofthecoun- |
try, $20,000,000 is paid into the Treasury of the i
United States. This direct tax falls almost ex- ;
clusively upon the farmer. j
Then, sir, if a tax is laid upon the products !
of the farm, which enter into the consumption of |
every manufacturer, and of every man, however j
employed, in the country, the tax upon the fat m- j
er is paid no more by him than by the manufac- [
U'it and the tradesman. '
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to suggest also to j
the gentleman that the farmer, as a consumer of i
manufactured goods, also pay? his proportion of :
the tax on manufactures. '
Mr. MALLORY. I was just coming to that.
It is true that the manufactures which the gen- !
tleman thinks are so enormously taxed by this i
bill are used by the farmer, and that the farmer ;
contributes his propoition toward the payment ;
of that tax. The products of the State ofPenn- j
sylvunia, the iron, which gentlemen complain of
being unduly tax-.d, is consumed tn agieat meas- !
ure by the faniKus of the countiy. They can- ;
not obtain a plow, nor a singh agricultural im-
plement, which has not paid Us tax in the shape j
of iron. Their clothms; is manufactured in the
Ea>'t, and they pay the p,x upon that.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Let me ask the '
gentleman this question, whether the manufactur-
ing and tiadine classu; are not also consumers, ;
and whether they, too, ate not obliged to pay all j
the.-e (axes which fhe^entleman saysare pa'd by ,
f«v. mers, m addition to the tax^s imposed directly 1
on «ii*111" ia-sim ss ?
Mr. MALLOHY. That is the veiy point I
\v m ••■II. I was £oii'£ i >•< to re mat k that the fanner (
pav^ his |.rot )'-t!0'i of (i,e tax imposed on the iron
of P.osn *y| v'-n:a, wheni tin g« nth men from Penn-
sylvania cotii'phiin so much of, and which I will :
\\ar<\!ht th-y will Ree themselves protected in ■
waim we coiivmo the t iriff; so that they will lose j
nothing by it, although tne farmers, who are j
obliged to use the implements made from that iron, |
will lose, if the gentleman from New Yoik will i
impose a duty amounting to inhibition, when we ;
come to the tuntl'hill, upon all the articles men- j
tioned in his amendment, there might, perhaps, I
be some propriety in it, although in that case he !
would only increase the cost of these articles to
the consumer,
Jt is not 1), ean.-e I drsnV. the farmer to s;o free
from taxation, nor because this tax would be. pe-
culiarly burdensome to the farmer, that I oppose
the gentleman's amendment. It is because it
will go to tatse the price of these necessary arti-
cles of food, winch go into the consumption of
all classes, n<*h and poor. It is for that reason I
oppose the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr.TCASWON. Mr. Chairman,! wish at this
stage of the bill to o,Yer the following-amendment,
which 1 think moie propeiiy comes in heie than
anywhere else:
la-i'it tin tollowliiir i -? a a< \v M'ction •
•dm! lni it fiaUier ouatel. Tl :u there ;«l all be levied and
collected on ail of icai e^tan- n <htt> of one quarter
of oik jk i o< nf. on {lie anioiirt ot -ncii sale--. retain^ of
whteh sh ill ho made and dm ie*. collected under re<ni!ations
to her piiA)d''(l h\ tne tfecietniy ot the Ticii'-uiy.
This, M r. Chairman, is intended to reach an nn-
pot tant uiterast. especial! y m the cities oft heeoun-.
try. If o'lli probably re alize somewhere ft om <me
to two, and perhaps tlnve million nollars a year if
it be adopu d o v' i he com in ti leer it os well known
that the objects which sevv .d ->!' the most intelli-
gent symletiH'n of the countiy have had in view
of l e-uiZing om tax "udti ectly on the trjmsfer^ of
property in all the various forms are not reached
by the bill now pending before the [louse, or the
one enacted i t>to law, 1 think it nnpoi tant in re-
gard to an mteirstiike this th.it we should realize
fiom it a portion of the r-venue of She country.
It pi o poses not to tax It nd as a prod net i ve or an
unproductive investment tn iheeonnu y,but it pio-
poses to tax the tianMei ot a tuh lr«<ii; one paity
to another, a pereen ta^e so small that it can hatdly
be fell by th ss m tet est.
Mr. PRUYN. Does this mcluiie auction sales
as w# l os piivate s.des ofr<;d es ate?
Mr. KASfcJON. Auction sales ate otherwise
provided for as a tax upon tlx; auction uiP-re-st.
11 is proposed to reach th^se tjansactions of trans-
fers of title to real estate, and thus to collect from
the money paid or agreed to he paid a Small per-
centage as a poituui of the lewm.e upon which
the country mostly (h-pends. I lotve consulted
with gentlemen upon both sides of the 1-Iouse,
and !t is regarded as lik< iy to y eld a large sum
without ailVctin^ this inteiest injuriously.
1 desire that time may he given for the fullest
consideration of the amendment. If U be now
adopted and on further consideration it should
not be consieeied piopet it may be stricken out
in the House.
Mi. PRUYN. 1 awk the jr^nileman to insert
tn his ainendiie-ul ;he v>oids "otheiwise than at
auction.''
Mr. ICASSON. I !;".'-e no ohj. etion to saving
*( othei wise than by auctioneers.5>
Mr. PRUYN. T! at will do.
Mr. MALLORY. Mi. Chairman, the gentle-
man fiom li w;i Ki ys that the amendment he pro-
poses is not olfeied in any way as a tax upon
real estate, but Mmply as a tax upon the transfer
of real estate. I will rernnik to the gentleman
that if he wil' look to the bill he will find that the
transfer of teal estat- is taxed m cvei y way, shape,
and foim in whioh if c-m he t^xed.
Mr. KASSOX, Tlo>re is no tax except a small
tax upon the deed.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a tax upon the
deed, there is a tax upon the wtP, theie is a tax
upon every way. shape, and form m whr h real
estate cm he tinnslVried.
Mr. KASbON, 'i'his cov^-s simply the c-ises
which are rot covered by the existing h'w. 'ihe
tax now is a small one united. On a deed cover-
ing the VtJuc of ^1,000 the tax now is only the
trifling sum of one <lol!or. if my proposition be
adopted of a tax of one qu u'ter of one p.or cent,
it '\'.li be <tr 1 v ^>0 nil tne transfer wroperty
of the value *<f ^,!,0UQ.
Mr. MALLORY. IftSmo, ni'emati will modify
his amend .neut so as to rover the sale21 ol all kinds
of piopeity t do nor know that I will object to u.
i'h'e  e.tt|(oiia;i a; <ue.s mat if apple, d to the tians-
fer of leal estate .twin inc react tlieievenue of
the Government enoimousiy, and if that be so,
then by applying it to the sales of all kinds of
property it will increase the revenue of the Gov-
ernment much more enormously. . •
Mr. KASSbN. My wish is to introduce-a
system of indirect taxation,and I think it cdn be
done so as easily to mise money enough to sup-
port the Government. 1 piopose to reach ^hose
mainly who speculate in veal entate. k docs not
touch the farmer at all.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not like to see the
gentleman commencing iiis system by taking real
estate to begin on. i am afraid that if he suc-
ceeds in this now, that will be the last we shall
ever hear of the matter, and then we shall have
an income tax, a direct tax, tax on imported
goods,, and thus tax on sales and transfers of real
esrate where the amount is over one thousand
dolians.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last three words.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Vermont, to ask a question
of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to any interruptions.
Mr, MORRILL. As I am utterly opposed to
the system which the gentleman from Iowa pro-
poses to inaugurate, I object to his inaugura-
ting it at all and especially in this mode. The
present biil proposes to tax all transfers of laud
by a stamp tax as high as we have thought it
proper to make it—that is to say, fifty cents on
every $100. In addition to that, all sales made
by auctioneers are charged with one half of one
per cent.; and m addition to that, all successions
and legacies are to be taxed, and heavily taxed.
The policy of the people of the United States
is to allow everybody to deal in laud, and to leave
the transfer of the title to land as unrestricted as
possible. It may be otherwise in England where
they do notdesne that men geneially should be-
come landholders. But thus far the practice in
our country has been to leave all men at full lib-
erty to obtain possession of land and to place no
obstacle in thuir way by imposing a heavy tax
upon tiaus'ers, or by excessive stamp dutiep, or
m any other manner whatever.
Now, the purpose which the gentleman has
distinctly announced is to inaugurate a tax upm
sales, t desire to say that if he shall inaugurate
that system he will inflict a heavier blow upon
the West than they have ever before received.
How will the system operate? If a tax were to
be imposed on sales, then the articles produced
in the West and which have to find a mat kei upon
the sea boaid, if they should pass through the
hands of moie persons than one, would be taxed
upon every transfer. Now, gentlemen familiar
with the commerce of the country, understand
perfectly well that flour and mostofthe products
of the West, m nudemg their way to the market,
pass through several hands. Then, to tax these
articles upon every transfer, would interfere with
the fiee commerce of the country. I think the
system would be a very injurious one, especially
to the West; but as 1 think there is no particular
danger of the committee adopting the proposi-
tion, I will not consume any further time.
Mr KASSON. I do not wish to be understood
as proposing this amendment with distinct refer-
ence to the inauguration of ageneral system now.
I said I was peisonally in favor of such a system
in ii-ference to land, because I thought that if you
imposed upon transfeisa tax less than that os igm-
allv paid to an agent for effecting the same thing,
you would not interfere with the employment of
intermediates at all. Hete is a large interest in-
volved m the transfer of real estate, of town lots
and other real estate, in cities particulaily, which
ought to be reached by this act.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask my colleague a
question in this connection. I understood him to
say that this tax would not fall upon the farmer
in trarisfen mg his farm. 1 wish to know how
that can be ?
Mr. KASSON. I did not soy so.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to know if the tax
would not fall upon every man, be he the holder
of city propeity or agricultural lands, who trans-
fers ins hmds?
Mr. KASSON. h isevident that the man who
sells real estate will pay one quarter of one per
cent, upon his sales; but I say it will not often
fall upon farmers, btcause they ure not employed
in speculating in real estate, but in using it for
increased production. In my .State and hi Idaho
