1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was environed with perils and difficulties. Gen-
eral Grant was required to reorganize this army in
the presence of a superior force of the enemy. He
did so. ^ He melted into one grand army, corps
and divisions which had never acted together; he
retained his position, never receding,and waiting
until General Sherman led to his aid, by a march
almost unexampled in length and difficulty, a por-
tion of his old army, and then he fought the bat-
tle of Chattanooga. It wasagrand plan, a poetic
battle, with all the surroundings and accessories
which can make a battle memorable in all time.
It was a battle simple in its greatnesl? and fault-
less in its execution. It lifted a weight from the
breast of a nation. But General Grant did not
rest here. Bragg was driven out of Tennessee,
but Burnside was besieged at Knoxville. Who
does not remember the anxiety felt for his fate?
General Grant did not rest. Without delay the
column that had taken Missionary Ridge and
had recently left Memphis were on their way to
Knoxville,and in four days had performed much
the most rapid march of the war, hat! relieved
Burnside, and were moving back again.
£\>r these victories and movements, almost
without a parallel in any history, equal to any of
Napoleon's, we cannot give General Grant a less
compliment than by promoling him one degree
in the scale of rank. If his successes had been
doubtful, if they rested simply upon one battle,
upon one campaign, or upon one victory, I should
feel very reluctant to pay him this compliment;
but such is not the fact. It has been a series of
victories. The number of prisoners he has cap-
tured has been in excess of those captured by all
the other aimiesin the field. I believe it is stated
that he has captured some eighty thousand or
ninety thousand prisoners, more than twice as
many as have been captured by all our other ar-
mies. Ho has captured m.ore flags,'taken more
guns, fought more battles, and won more victories
than any other general. I ask Senators whether
i they will deny him, on a vote by yeas and nays,
this honor, stripped of its command, and will say
to him that he has not yet won the title conferred
upon General Scott for his victories in Mexico.
I will not record such a vote. •
1 repeat to the Senator from Iowa that if any
^ other general should hereafter win equal victories,
I will be willing to give him the same compliment.
Though I am not in favor of increasing the pay
of officers, I am willing to reward high merit and
high success with high honors. Besides the love
of country and the desire todo their duty, all that
induces these officers to perform great and noble
actions is the love of fame, an honorable ambi-
tion, which, instead of being a vice, I conccive to
be a virtue. A man has a right to the honors he
wins by his own couiage and gallantry in battle
and by victory. Militaiy honors in all ages have
been held to be the meed, the reward of victory.
These honors confer additional rank, and as they
are the highest inducements, so they should he
cheerfully given for high military service.
Mr. President, you have seventy major gen-
erals in the Army. Is there not among them
some who have been designated by the public
voice, and who are entitled by their services to a
higher rank than the rest? General Grant is
clearly one of those. This all must concede. So
far as you have conferred honors, you have con-
ferred upon seventy individuals the same rank
tlmt General Grant now holds. I ask you whether
h" lias not, by his peculiar services, won a right
to higher rank and higher honors than these offi-
cers? I think he lias. To deny him this reward,
after the House of Representatives have sent the
proposition to us, would be doing an act of in-
justice to liim.
Mr. Fresident, I do not vote for this resolution
for the purpose of casting any reproach upon
General Halleek. 1 believe the Senator fiom
Michigan said that one puipose he bad in view
was to relieve the Army from General Halleek.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to disabuse the Sena- !
tor from Ohio and all other persons on that sub-
ject. I made no allusion whatever to General ;
Halleek in the few remarks which I addressed to j
the Senate, and I did not intend to make any al- j
Iusion to him. I certainly could not have con- i
vcyed any suFh imputation against him. because j
I have always held General Halleek in the very '!
highest esteem. jj
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senator i|
from Iowa to refer to the Senator from Michigan
as having made that remark.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not refer to anybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the Senator from
Michigan made such a remark.
Mr. GRIMES. I did understand the Senator
from Minnesota and the Senator from Michigan
the other day to make such an imputation.
Mr. HOWARD. I can oiJly say then that the
Senator from Iowa entirely misunderstood me.
I made no ajlusion whatever to General Halleek.
Mr. CONNESS?. The remark fell from the
Senator from Illinois, now absent, [Mr. Trum-
bull.]
Mr. GRIMES. I thought it was the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to be cor-
rected. Some Senator at any rate said that he
desired to support this bill because it would re-
lieve the Army from the command of General
Halleek. I have no such feeling in regard to Gen-
eral Halleek. General Halleek is here perform-
ing an irksome duty. He has had no opportu-
nity in his present position to gain the high honors
of military fame m the field. No general can
ever acquire much reputation in an office. Al-
though he may command and direct armies and
may organize all these great victories, yet, being
in an office, removed from the field of active oper-
ations, the popular honors will not be conferred
on him. I therefore do not wish to criticise Gen-
eral Halleek; he has had many difficulties to over-
come.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Did he not have an
opportunity at Corinth ?
Mr. SHERMAN. He had an opportunity at
Corinth,and he succeeded at Corinth. TheSen-
ator may think that he marched too slow; but that
was a question of doubt and difficulty. Other
officers who were advancing rapidly were blamed;
and if the slightest reverse had happened to our
arms under General Halleek at Corinth he would
have been blamed for hasty action in marching
from the base of his operations. I donotappear
here to defend him or to disparage him. We are
civilians. We know very little about military
movements. But when any general has by his
uninterrupted success in several campaigns shown
us that he has military capacity and military abil-
ity, then I am willing to give him thecivic honors
of his country. We cannot judge here, sitting
in the Senate Chamber, about the capacity of mil-
itary officers in managing the details of campaigns,
except by the results of their operations. We
cannot criticise them. I therefore have very
rarely engaged in criticism of our general officers;
but when they have won success, when they have
shown their skill by their success, then we ought
to give to them the civic honors and civic rewards
which all nations, and especially all republics,
give to the soldiers who have fought their battles
and won their victories.
In regard to General Halleek, I repeat that his
duty is an irksome and difficult one. The officers
of the regular Army think that General Halleek
as a General-in-Chief is superior to any that
could be selected in the Army for the particular
duties intrusted to him. That, it seems, is the
opinion of the President, who, notwithstanding
the attacks upon General Halleek, adheres to that
officer. He musthave a good opinion of him. I
am in no position to discredit that opinion. Itis
true that I have indulged in a feeling of uneasi-
ness about the delay of the army of the Potomac
and other armies; but I cannot say upon whom
rests the blame. It may be upon General Hal-
leek; it may be upon the commanding officer in
the field. If 1 were disposed to criticise, 1 would
say this: during the last thirty days of beautiful
weather the great army of the rebellion has lam
within forty nuies of Washington; itis generally
believed that our army is superior to theirs; but
there they have lain in sight of each other. I
believe this rebellion will never end until we con-
centrate here a sufficient army toattackand break
those forces and march toward Richmond, and
whereverelse we can go. Butwhomcan I blame?
How can I say that the President or General
Halleek or General Meade is in fault for this?
If General Meade or any other officer will take
that army of the Potomac, organize it effectively,
defeat Lee in two or three pitched battles, march
to Richmond, take Richmond, and then march
on, I will, as a Senator from the State of Ohio,
freely grant him the highest honors of this Re-
public, as I now wish to do to Genertil Grant. "I
cannot say why this is not done, nor whose the"
fault. I only kno.w that the army of the "Potomac
is now where it was two years ago; not through
any lack of courage in the brave men who are
fighting in that army; but for some reason they
have not won the honors of this war. Bat Gen-
eral Grant and the armies under his command
have won those honors; and I think we should
all frankly and generously, by a unanimows vote,
tenderthem. Whenever the army of the Potorfrac
shall win equal honors or gain similar successes,
breakdown the adversaries in their front, capture
their fortified places, drive the army of Lee as far
back from the base of operations as General
Grant drove those opposed to.him, I shall then
be ready to give the leaders of that army similar
rewards.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, if I recollect aright,
proposed to strike, out of the bill that portion of
it which named General Grant as the person rec-
ommended by Congress to be appointed lieuten-
ant general, and that part which provided that he
should have the command of the armies of the
United States. Assuming that these amendments
will receive the sanction of the Senate and that
the bill can therefore only be passed so modified,
it will simply be the creation of the office of a
lieutenant general, naming no one, and not in any
way prescribing the character of the command
which he is to have.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to explain ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a printed amend-
ment before the Senate now which I had the honor
to offer which it is proposed to add in case the
amendments of the Committee on Military Affairs
be carried, which does characterize the command
which the lieutenant general is to have, giving it
its exact character.
Mr. JOHNSON. But we are first to vote on
these amendments. I am not mistaken, I think,
in saying that the amendments which I have just
stated are the amendments recommended by the
committee. Assuming, then, that those amend-
ments will be adopted, and that no alteiation will be
made in the bill which will in anyway affect the
bill in the particulars named, it will simply be a
bill providing for the creation of this grade of
military appointment. Believing that to be the
case, it will receive my support, and-I give that
support without any reference at all to the person
whom the President of the United States may
think proper to select. I am willing to trust to
him the selection from the Army of any one whom
he supposes to be more competentthaiianv others,
or as competent as any other, to fill the'office of
lieutenant general. In the nature of things, if it
has not been disclosed already, it will be disclosed
in the future that there is some officer in the mili-
tary service of the United States who is entitled
to and who should receive this highest rank known
heretofore to the military service of the United
States. Butif the amendments shall not be adopt-
ed recommended by the committee, I shall be
forced very unwillingly to vote against the bill
as it will then stand, for as it would then stand it
would, in my opinion, be a direct reflection upon
the present General-in-Chief of the Army. I know
that there are a great many intelligent men in the
United States, but perhaps a great many more
prejudiced men m the United States, who think
that General Halleek is notadequate to the duties
of the post that he fills. I am not one of that num-
ber. It has been my good fortune to know him
intimately for the last six or seven years, to have
spent months in his society, to have talked over
with him all the subjects connected with the war,
^ritli the origin of the war, and to have listened
to him from time to time on everything that he
deemed to be necessary for the purpose of bring-
ing the war to a successful termination; and with-
out professing to be more of a judge than any
other civilian can be, it appeared to me, forming
the opinion from these facts alone, that he was
as fit, if not more fit, to discharge the duties of
the place that he holds than any other man who
could have been selected.
I know, too, that that was the opinion of the
present lieutenant general, General Scott. It was
at Ins special instance mainly, I believe, that
