1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
the man who sells real estate employs an agent to
sell and a lawyer to make out the deed, and lie
pays to them much more than I propose here. It
ix a very light tax, and as I do not propose to
assess it unequally on any portion of the country,
of course it must cover the farmer who gets sick
of his real estate.and wishes to sell it as well as
it is imposed upon the dealer in real estate in the
city.
1 think that when we are searching through the
country for the interests that may most easily
bear the burdens of taxation, no gentleman should
rise in his place here and ask to have an interest
exempted which can bear a tax. It is upon this
ground that I have asked the imposition of a tax
upon sales of real estate, which is very lightm its
amount, but which in its aggregate will yield a
very considerable sum to the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentle'man
whether, if this tax is to be imposed, we could
not more directly and certainly reach it by in-
creasing the stamp tax?
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman fiom Vermont
is mistaken, I find, in reference to the amount of
the starup tax. It is not, as he says, fifty cents
for every $500, but if the consideration reaches
$500 it is one tenth of one per cent. only.
Mr. MORRILL. We have agreed to raise it
to fifty cents for every $500.
Mr. KASSON. That, of course, will tend to
equalize it. I think the words " except when
sold by an auctioneer" should be introduced into
the section.
Mr. WILSON. I would ask my colleague
whether, if we adopt this tax upon sales of real
estate, we may expect any aid from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in striking out the
one hundred and seventy-third section of this bill,
which proposes to impose for this year a direct
tax which will impose a very heavy and unequal
burden upon the agricultural interests of the
West?
Mr. KASSON. 1 cannot answer a<9 to that now.
When that subject shall be taken up, I shall be
ready and eager to engage in the discussion.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I will modify my amendment
by inserting the words " except when sold by
auctioneers;" and in support of that I wish to
eay 
The CHAIRMAN. It is merely a modifica-
tion, and the gentleman is notentitled to the floor
to speak upon it.
Air. THAYER. I am very much surprised
that the proposition made by thegeutleman from
Iowa 
The CHAIRMAN. Dot:s the gentleman ftom
Pennsylvania olFer an amendment? if not, no
further debate is in older.
Mr. THAYER. I am going to speak in oppo-
sition to the last amendment proposed by the gen-
tle man from Iowa.
The CHAIRMAN. That is merely a modifi-
cation of his original proposition, and is not open
to debate.
Mr. THAYER. I move, then, to reduce the
amount to one eighth, i have been much sur-
prised that the proposition made by the gentle-
man from Iowa has not met with more favor from
the House. I think there is no interest which
would feel an imposition of this kind less than
the one which has been referred to. The answer
that lias been made to it that there is an imposi-
tion of a stamp tax upon the transmission of real
estate is no answer at all, because we all know
that the stamp duties upon deeds of conveyance
which convey property, the consideration of
winch is not large, are exceedingly light. It is
not until you get up to a very large sum that the
stamp tax upon deeds amounts to anything at ail
woith cunsideiing.
Mr. xMORRiLL. I desiie to say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the Committee of
Ways and Means propose to modify the stamp
duty on conveyances, so that it will be fifty cents
upon every S500.
'Mr. THAYER. I think, su-, that the imposi-
tion of a tctx upon sales of real estate, even with
an pin-eased duty upon stamps, will not be felt
by those who are engaged in the business of real
estate brokers, nor will it be felt rnateiially by
those who wish te sell their estates, it will
amount to an exceedingly small tax upon the sale
of real estate, and will' not be felt seriously by
those who wish to sell their real estate. It will
be paid at times and in a manner which wiil not
make it an unpopular tax. It will raise a very
large amount of revenue, and for that reason I
think that the propositions of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kasson] is an exceedingly good prop-
osition and ought to be adopted.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
to say that we have already in committee determ-
ined to lay a tax of one quarter of one per cent,
upon the sales made bv auctioneers. Now, if the
party sells his own property, why should he not
pay the same-tax of a quarter of one per cent.?
You withdraw from auctioneers their legitimate
business unless you equalize this thing, by im-
posing the same tax when the sales are made
in any other way. I submit to the committee
that the tax is not only very small in itself, but
that the principle of it is adopted already in the
direction which 1 have named, and that you can
impose no tax which will be so light. In my
State there are gentlemen living abroad who own
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred thou-
sand acres of land, holding it puiely for the pur-
pose of speculation. When they sell that land,
I ask whether they should not pay so light a tax
upon that sale? I am in favor of imposing this
tax upon real estate, because if it has any tend-
ency at all, it tends to encourage the farmer to
continue in the cultivation of the soil, instead of
entering into speculations in real estate.
Mr. MORRILL. If there is any merit at all
in the proposition it can be reached much better
in the stamp duties, and therefoie I am opposed
to the proposition.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Kasson's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The ninety-fifth section of the bill wasiead, as
follows:
SfC. y.->. *$>1(1 be it fuilhct cna<tcl, That newspapers,
sluncles, laths. stave*, hoops shook-., hc.idimr;, and tim-
ber partially wi ought ami unhni>h(jd tor chan.s, tubs, pails,
hubs, spokes, snathes, la-t.-,shovel ami fork bandies, um-
biella stretcher-, cluuoo.it, alcohol made or manuiaetured
of spirits or materials upon which the dunes imposed by
law shall have been paid, plastet oi pMim, jnalr. bm runs?
fluid, printer-' ink, fl 'x ptepaied ioi textile ej i\jltm<j pur-
poses until neiually woven, nan bio and slalc, ot otiiet
building stones in block, rou^h and uawtou^hr, chaicoal,
coke, all flour and meal made trom anitn, biead and bread-
stuff-*. biuret, eheo*o, eonecsitiated nitlk. paiiiftino, whale
and ti-di oil. bullion u-cd m the maruiiaeuuc ofsilvvrwaie.
silver bullion i oiled oi ptepaied tor pi ate t Use exclusively,
inatenals piepared for the riMnufaeuiif of hoop skins ex-
clusively and unfit tor oritur use. t.-ueh a- steel wit e. ioiled,
tempered, or eoveied, cut tapes a id '-mall wan^for joining
hoops together,) j-hall he. and hereby a> <\ exempt, fioiu duty;
and also, all good's, waies, and nie.c'handi-c. and articles
made ot manufactured horn mau'iials which have been
subject to and upon which interna! duties have been ac-
tually ].-aid, or materials unpolled upon winch dimes have
been paid, or upon which no dunes have been imposed by
law, wlu'ie the lnciea-ed value of such ijoods waics, u 
merchandise, and autelcs so made or manufactured, shall
not exceed the amount ot* live p.• i «.i nr. ad vuIjilhL) -ball
bp, and lieteby aie, exempt trom duty.
Air. COX. I move to amend that section by
staking out the woids " whale and fish oil."
Other oils arc taxcdinthis bill,and Idonotknow
any reason why whale and fish oil should be made
an exception. Perhaps the Committee of Ways
and Means can give us a satisfactory reason.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. Air. Chairman, I move to
amend the ninty-fifih section by inserting the
word " lard." I wish to say in support of this
proposition, that if it is right to exempt whale
arid fish oil to subserve one pariicnlar interest in
this country, I know no good reason why the
lard interest should notalso be protected. These
products of whale and fish on and lard oil come
into direct competition with each other; and if
one class of articles is exempt from duty the
other should certainly be also exempt.
Mr. MORRILL. \ merely desue again to call
the attention of the committee to the fact that un-
der the reciprocity treaty all thea o articles come
into this country free; and it would be manifestly
unjust to tax them, so long as they come in free
from Canada.
Tne question was taken; and the amendment
vvos rejected.
Mr. KASSON. I move to insert the following
as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That every person, film, or cor-
poration who shall have made any contract puor' to the
passage of this act and without other provision theiein,
upon payment of the additional duties imposed upon aiti-
cles to be delivered under such contract, is heiebv author-
ized and empowered to add to the puces theieot so much
money as will be equivalent to the additional duties hcre-
by imposed on such articles,and shall bo entitled by vntue
hereof to be paid and to «ue for and to recover the same
accordingly: Provided, That where the United States is
the purchaser uudei such prior contract, the certificate of
the pioperoflicei of the department by which the contiaet
was made, showing, according to i emulations to be pre-
scribed by tne Secretary of the Tieasmy, the articles so
purchased by the United States and liable to such additional
duties, shall be taken and received so far as. the same ia
applicable ill-discharge ot the additional duties on the aiti-
cles so contracted to be delivered to the United States and
actually delivered according to such contract.
Mr. Chairman, this section corresponds with
a scction enacted for a similar purpose by the
English Parliament, and is only modified to meet
the cases that now exist touching contracts with
the Government of the United States where the
duties are paid to the United States and where
they can ofily be got back by a long and trouble-
some process.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from Iowa
designate the particular section of the old law
which substantially accomplishes the same pur-
pose of this section in the bill?
Mr. KASSON. I have not the law before me.
Howevei, I recollect it is on page 63, but I will
not be certain.
Air. GRISWOLD. I hold in my hand the law-
referred to by the gentleman. It is on the 65th
pogp.
Mr. HOLMAN. The language of the act I
referred to is:
"vQnd provided fui ther, That the taxes on all ai ticles inan-
ufaetuied and sold in pursuance ol conn acts bona fide made
betore the passage of this act shall be paid bv the pur-
chasers thereof, under regulations to be established by the
(Jommis-ionei ol internal Revenue.''
Now I submit whether it would not be safer
and better to pieserve the old language than to
adopt the new. 1 have not heard that there was
any difficulty in placing a proper construction upon
the existing law, and it is certainly bettor to re-
tain phraseology which has received interpietn-
tion than to adopt new language. 1 sug^e^t, ihcic-
fore, that, \v uh ' the exception of the last clause
which applies to Government contracts, the lan-
guage of the existing law be retained. 1 have no
ciuicism to make upon the language used by the
committee; but that of the old law is terse and
explicit, and I hope u will not be changed.
Air, KASSON. Under the old law, the offi-
cers have had to collect these taxes from two dif-
ferent parties, both from the manufacturer and
the vendee or purchaser of the goods. In many
instances they have had gri.at difficulty in reach-
ing the goods after they have passed into the
hands of the consumer.
As the proposition is now put, you collect the
entire tax from the manufacturer, giving lntn the
right to collect it from the purchaser if ihe goods
have been previously contiacted for. This ren-
ders the collection of the tax much ea.-uer and moie
sim pie.
Air. GANSON. I ask the gentleman by vn-
tue of what authority, constitutional or othei-
wise, you may confer the tight upon one person
to commence an action against another person for
the collection of a tax due to the General Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. KASSON. By virtue of the same law by
which we collect taxes directly of the purchase).
We simply collect them of the manufacturer, giv-
ing him a remedy against the purchaser.
Mr. GANSON. In the liist place, you change
the contract.
Air. KASSON. No, sir; you no more change
the contract than when you collect the tax di-
rectly against the purchaser.
Air. GANSON. It may be proper to hold the
article itself for the tax, and to proceed in rem
against that.
Air. KASSON. I say to the gentleman that
the English system includes exactly the same
pnnciple we have adopted m this section.
Air. GANSON. But the English Government
does not exist under our Constitution.
Air. KASSON. Our Constitution contains
nothing touching the objection which the gentle-
man makes. It prohibits the States from passing
