1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
laws impairing; the obligations of contracts; but
it places no such prohibition upon the General
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUT WELL. 1 move to strike out the
proviso, for the purpose of saying a word in ref-
erence to it. Under the proviso which was read
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
the Department is able, as far as I know, to col-
lect those taxes. The manufacturer who hascon-
tracts to deliver goods will find it for his mferpst
to give notice to the assessor concerning goods
which he is to deliver under a contractmade prior
to the passage of the law, and the assessor must
then look to the purchaser of the goods for the
tax.
Although we had some little difficulty at first,
theie being a difference of opinion as to the proper
construction of this provision, it was finally de-
termined, upon the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, that the tax must be levied upon the pur-
chaser where contracts existed at the date of the
passage of the law. I believe wo have been able
to collect the taxes without difficulty under that
proviso, and 1 think it would be wiser on the
whole to restore that language and go on as we
have been dom<r.
Mr. KASSON. It would appear from the
statement of the gentleman from Massachusetts
that there was difficulty at the beginning as to the
construction of this provision. From the nature
of things they cannot tell in the office of Internal
Revenue how much has been lost by allowing
goods lo go into the hands of the purchaser, it
is not always perfectly practicable to trace the
goods after they have gone out of the hands of
the manufacturer.
Mr, EOUTWELL. I will now withdraw my
amendment to the amendment, and move to strike
out all of the proposition of the gentleman from
Iowa except the litter clause, and to insert in heu
thereof as follows:
That the taxes on article-" manufactured am! &n]d in pur-
suance ot conn acts bona fide made hclore the passage of
this act fhall bo paid by the purchasers thereof under reg-
ulation*, to foe  „*fua!)l[>h(id by the Commissioner ot into nal
Revenue.
The amend mentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. For the purpose of en-
abling me to submit a remark or two, I move to
strike out the last word of the clause. I under-
stand that, upon motion of the gentleman fi om
Massachusetts, the provision in the old law has
been substituted for this section. Now, I am
opposed to this whole system of legislation, and
J hope the amendment will not be adopted.
I am opposed to a system by which tuxes pro-
fessedly imposed upon one class of people shall
be shifted to another. As was said last night, of
the rule of taxation upon gas companies, it is a
sham, it is a device by winch that is done which
is not professed to he done. 1 think that it con-
travenes the plainest piincudes of the Constitu-
tion, though my friend from Iowa [Mr. Kasson]
can find no objection to it. There is a rule, if
not a rule of the Constitution, yet a rule of law,
a rule of justice, that taxes of this kind shall he
uniform m their operation. Yet you propose to
shift from a particular class of people upon whom,
and not upon the otherclass, you professed to im-
pose the tax. You except the class of individ-
uals upon whom you profess to levy the tax.
And worse than thot, by the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa you give the man upon
whom you profess to put the tax a right of action
against the purchaser from him. It is not right,
it is not fair legislation. It is not open. It does
not do what it professes to do; and i am opposed
to the whole system.
If gentlemen say that men have made improvi-
dent contracts, then that may be a good reason for
not putting the tax on; but if the tax is to be put
on it ought to be pju upon him and not upon the
purchaser. I know m some cases that it will
work harshly; but I do not think it is light to
violate a great principle because injury may fol-
low to some individuaUfrom its action. I do not
think it ought to be clone. If a man makes a con-
tract to deliver a particular thing at a particular
time he takes the chance of the Government im-
posing a tax as Vv ell as he does the rise m the
market. If you think it is a hardship, is it not a
greater hardship to make the purchaser pay it?
You do not propose to enable him to charge in
all the ramifications of his business the increased
price. You violate a sound principle of legisla-
tion, you violate justice; but if this system is to
be adopted I hope the gentleman will mature a
plan by which in all the ramifications of trade the
same principle will be applied.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 wish to show the mode in
which it operates upon one or two subjects which
fell under my observation in my own district.
The Government of the United States will make
a contract for the delivery of certain descriptions
of goods, and then impose a higher tax. The
contracts have been made by the manufacturers
upon the lowest figures. They set to work; but
are met with this tax. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue has decided that the purchaser
shall pay the tax. The Government of the United
States being the purchaser, acknowledges its ob-
ligation to pay the tax, but the mode adopted by
the officers of the Government is an expensive one
to the contractor. They have to pay the tax, and
then come up amon§ other clamorous claimants
to get it paid back to them from the Treasury.
It looks like most blatant injustice that the Gov-
ernment shall make a contract and then levy five
or ten per eent. additional tax upon the contractor.
That would be a great fraud upon the part of the
Govern ment.
Mr/PENDLETON. Certainly; that would
work a great injustice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KASSON. I rise to reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio. He waived the
foice of his argument when he admitted that the
operation of his proposition would necessarily be
harsh. 1 understand that to mean that if his
pnnciple was adopted it would produce injus-
tice in many cases. Thafbemg the case, we fall
b.tck upon the question whether this Government
has the right, by its enactments, to effect an in-
justice between man and man, in their contracts
in the community.
In relation to the other part of his argument,
in which he develops more entiiely his idea, and
upon a broader basis, I think that where the
Government interposes in the relation between
contractors or contractor, it is the duty of the
Government at the same tune that it inteiposes
in these relations to take care that it does not
aiFect the relation in point of value established by
the parties themselves. For example, we have
here a right to impose a tax of one hundred per
cent, upon the articles to be delivered under con-
tract. The parties who engaged in that contract
would enter into it with icference only to the
ordinary fluctuation of price in the market or the
ordinal y variations in the taxes resulting from
the ordinary course of things. "We are nowim-
i posing war faxes, taxes lesuhing fioin the con-
! tinuance of war, an extraordinary condition of
| the country, and I submit that the principle is
j just as applicable in the ease of two or five per
' cent, advance ns it would be if we imposed a tax
of one hundred per cent. We touch therelations
between two contracting parties by our law, and
when you touch those relations by your enact-
ment in any essential degree, it is your duty to
provide at the same time that the essential value
of those relations shall bd preserved between the
I parties.
; Hence the language of the amendment as sug-
• gested by the gentleman from Massachusetts, as
j well as m my original proposition, is that, so far
j as you affect those relations and thus necessarily
! increase the value of tne ai tide in the market, that
■ part of the tax shall be collected from the pur-
| chaser. I think the justness of it is evident, and
' was evinced by the action ot the last Congress,
I and ought to be maintained by this Congress,
j The amendment to the amendment was with-
; drawn.
! Mr. BOUTWELL. I was going to say to the
; committee that I find that this amendment which
t we have adopted is inappropriate in this: we have
! m many cases advanced the duty from three to
i five per cent., and it is questionable what the con-
' struction of the amendment will be, whether it
i will cover the whole tax of five per cent., when
' in reality we ought to place upon the purchaser
I only two per cent. If the committee will allow
i me to ©fFer two amendments at once, I will move
to amend by inserting the word "additional" be-
fore" taxes"and the words "imposed by this act"
after " taxes."
Mr. STEVENS. Under the present law*the
tax already imposed is paid by,the purchaser; if
we make the additional tax paid by the purchaser
we make the whole paid; and therefore it is all
embraced by this clause.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think so; but I call the
attention of the gentleman to the case of a con-
tract for the delivery of goods made since the
passage of the law of 1862, and which is now ex-
isting, and which was made upon the basis of a
three per eent. tax, but'where a tax of five per
cent, is levied.
Mr. PENDLETON. When we come to the
repealing clause repealing the old law he will
find that as to a certain class of contracts made
by that law the taxes will not be paid by the pur-
chaser.
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest that this
amendment be reserved for future action in order
that we may have time to consider it.
No objection being made, the amendment was
reserved for future action.
Mr. AMES. I move to amend section ninety-
five, in line fourteen, by striking out from the list
of articles exempt from duty the words " mate-
rials prepared for the manufacture of hoop skirts
exclusively and unfit for other use, (such as sfeel
wire, rolled, tempered, or covered, cut tapes and
small wares for joining hoops together.") The
effect of this amendment would be to subject these
materials, of which there are some ten or fifteen
tons a day manufactured, to a tax. Under the
old act, and under this, these articles escape the
payment of any duty. A duty on them will give
from fifty to one hundred thousand dollars a year.
1 move to strike these words out of the section for
the purpose of having this article included with
those that pay five per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say to the committee and to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that this subject was very fully
considered and discussed when the original tax
bill was passed. We found this to be the state
of facts: that one party purchased the wire, im-
ported it from abroad and rolled it, and sold it to
another party who tempered it; another party
wound it, and another party manufactured these
small wires. Unless, then, we made this exception,
we have to cut up every one of these small man-
ufactures and concentrate the business in the
hands of a single establishment. There is but
oneestablishment that could go through the whole
process of manufacturing the wire, tempering it,
and covering it with thread, and manufacturing
these small wires. These different branches of
the manufacture are now distributed over a wide
field in the country, and if the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts shall prevail it will
break up every one of these small manufactories.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I move to amend
the ninety-fifth section by striking out in the
seventh line the words " burning fluid "
I offer that amendment, Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of asking the Committee of Ways and
Means for what reason they propose'to exempt
this article from taxation. We have imposed a
very high tax upon oil and other articles of light,
and 1 hope that by leaving this article exempt we
are not about to bring back the use of this danger-
ous article into our houses and public buildings.
Air. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that this article already pays a
tax of $2 50. There is a duty of $1 25 pei gallon
on spirits, which is equivalent to a duty of $2 50
a gallon on burning fluid.
Air. MILLER, of New York. We are in-
creasing the tax on all these articles, and I want
to know from the committee upon what ground
this is exempted ?
Mr. MORRILL. For the reason that the tax
on alcohol already almost destroys the manu-
facture of this article.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. A.' MYERS, i think: this would be a
good time to get the House to reverse its decision
on a matter which has been most outrageously
decided here. I move to insert the words " crude
petroleum" after the word " paraffine." That
will exempt that article from taxation; and we
