1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2815
ample to the people of this country of such a vio-
lation of the Sabbath day as this amendment
would bring about. If gentlemen have no con-
scientious scruples on the subject, some respect
at least is due to those who have. The Congress
of the United States should not at any time, but
least of all now, authorize any act which, in the
estimation of a large portion of the American peo-
ple, involves a violation of th.e law of God.
So far as I know, no city in the Union author-
izes or compels streetcars to run on Sunday.
Mr. DRIGGrS. The gentleman is mistaken.
The cars are authorized to run on Sunday in Bos-
ton, New York, Detroit, and many other cities.
Mr. HALE. I was not aware of the fact, and
I am sorry to hear that it is so. I did not sup-
pose there was any city in this country which
permitted cars to ran on Sunday. I still hope
there are none which compels a corporation to
violate the Sabbath as this amendment does.
I certainly shall never vote to permit, much less
require, a corporation of our own creation to vio-
late what I believe to be a law of God. There is
no necessity for it in this case. The street rail-
road has oriiybeenin usehereforacomparatively
short time, and people got along without street
cars any day in the week, but now they say vve
cannot do without carson Sunday. They are no
doubt a great convenience on week days, but on
Sundays as all the offices a*e closed members
cannot use them for that purpose.
The principal reason given for compelling the
company to run cars on Sunday is that the rails
lead out to one or two hospitals in the neighbor-
hood, and a few members of Congress would be
accommodated easier or cheaper than in any other
way in getting to them. This reason would be
wholly insufficient if there were no other means of
conveyance, as the distance is by no means too
great to walk; but there are, and always will be,
ample modes of getting there without using the
cars. By this law we compel the drivers and con-
ductors of these cars to work on Sunday, on pain
of losing theirplaces if they are too conscientious
^o break what they may regard as a law of God.
The horses, too, who drag these cars, six days
in a week are fairly entitled to rest on the seventh,
by the law of humanity as well as the "higher
law."
I make no impeachment of the motives or prin-
ciples of gentlemen who advocate this measure;
but I doubt the wisdom and policy of it, to say
nothing of its moral aspcct, which with me is
conclusive, as I could not vote for it without doing
what i regard a moral wrong.
I therefore earnestly hope the House will not
adopt the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw that until I can perfect the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. My amendment is to
add to the end of the first section the following:
Provided, That on Sundays the said company shall run
cars at the same intervals of'time as prescribed in the oii-
ginal law for other days of the week.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CHANLER. My object in rising is not
so much to enter upon a discussion of the re-
ligious aspects of the matteras to address myself
to a practical aspect of the question. I should be
very sorry if, in voting against the gentleman who
last spoke, I should be considered as acting con-
trary to religious rules, or to the good of society;
but experience in New York has proved fhatone
of the best means of controlling that element of
disorder which is set at liberty on Sundays in the
streets of the city, is to furnish them with cheap
means of getting out of the city and dispersing
through the country. If left in the city they horde
in places which certainly are objectionable, and
where they indulge in the lowest habits. By
tempting them out in the fresh air we remove
them from the very sources of vice.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 50, nays 40, not voting 83;
us follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alien, William J. Alien, Alli-
son, Ames, Ancona, Arnold, AugustusC. Baldwin, Baxter,
James S. Brown, Chanler, Coffroth, Cole, Cox, Cravens,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis. Dawes, Donnelly,
Drigifg, Eden, EdgfJrton, Eldridge, Fainsworth, Fenton,
Ganson, Herrick, Holrnan, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kalbfleisch, Francis W. Kellot.% Knapp, Law, Le Blond,
Lone, Marcy, Marvin, McDowell, Melndoe, Morrill, James
R. Monis, Morrison, Leonard Myeis, Noble, Patterson,
Pendleton, Alexander H. Rice, llobmson, Scott, Shannon,
Starr, Strouse, Tracy, Voorhees, Ward, Eiiiiu B. Wash-
bume, Wheeler, and Williams—59.
NAYS—Messrs. John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Boutwell,
Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Denison, Dixon, Eliot,
Finck, Frank, Hale, Charles M. Harris, Higby, Asahel W.
Hubbard. John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, King, Little-
john, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers. Odeil, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Price, Samuel J. Randall, John H. Rice, Scofield,
Sloan, Spalding, William G. Steele, Thayer, Thomas,
Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, William B. Wash-
burn, Joseph W. White, Wilson,and Woodbtidge—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Ashley, Baity,
Blaine, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Bli^s, Blow, Boyd,
Braudcgee, Brooks, William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Cobb, Ctcsvvell, Dawson. Demmg, Dumont, Eck-
ley, English, G<ufit;ld, Gooch, Grider, Grinnoil, Griswold,
Hall, Flaiding, Hariington, Benjamin G. Hams, Hojch-
kiss, Hutchms, Philip Johnson, William Johnson. Kas
son, Kelley, Oilando Kellogg, Kernan, Lazear, Loan,
Longvear, Mallorv, McAllister, McBride, McClurg, Mc-
ICmney, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller,
Moorhead, Nelson, Norton, John O'Neill, Perham, Peiry,
Pike, Poineioy, Pruyn,Radford, William II. Randall, Ro-
ger*, Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Bolting, Ross, Sehenck,
Smith,Smithers,Stebbins, John U.Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Stuart, Sweat, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wil-
dei, Windom, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—83.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PRICE moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. THAYER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 36, not voting 85;
as follows:
YEAS—Mes^rs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Ames,
Ancona, Arnold, Augustus O Baldwin, Baxter, Jacob B.
Blair, James S. Brown, Chanler, Coffroth, Cole, Cravens,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis. Dawes, Donnelly,
Drisigs, Eden, Bdgei ton, Eldndge, Eilot, Farnsjvorth, Fen-
ton" Grider. Harrington, Heuick, lloimaiu Ingursoll,
Jenckea, Kalbllei&ch, Keliey,Knapp,Law,Le Blond, Lit-
tlejolm, Long, Marcy, Marvm, McDowell, Melndoe,Mor-
rill, James R. Moms, Morrison, Leonard Myers, Noble,
Udell. Patterson, Pendleton, Robinson, Seott, Shannon,
Stan, Stiouse, Tracy, Van Valkenbuigh, Ward, Elihu
B. Washbuine, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, and Wil-
liams—6i.
NAYS—Messrs?. John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Broomall,
Ambrose W. Claik, Cobb, Denison, Dixon, Finck, Frank,
Hale, Charles M. IJ ariis. lligby, Amabel W. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbaid, Ilulburd, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, King,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Price,
Samuel J. Rand.ill, John II. Rice, Scofield, Spalding, Wil-
liam G Steele,Thayer, Thomas,ITpson, Wadbwoitli, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Jo&eph W. White, Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—3ti
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Ash-
ley, Baily, Blame, Francis P. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks, William G. Brown, Free-
man Claike, Clay, Cox, Crt>v\i:ll, Dawson, Dernnig,
Dumont, Eeklej, English, Ganson, Garfield, Gooch, Grin-
nell, Gri&wold, Hall, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Hutchms, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
Kasson, Oilando Kellogg, ICcrnau, Lazear, Loan, Long-
year, Mallory, McAlhstei, McBride, McClurg, Me Kinney,
Middleton, Samuel F. llilier, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, Nelson, Norton, jAhn O'Neill, Perham, Peny, Pike,
Pomcroy, Pruyn, Radford, William II. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice. Rogers, Edward H. Roll ins, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Schenck, Sloan, Smith, Smitheis, Stebbins, John B, Steele,
Stevens, Stiles, Stuait, Sweat, Voorhees, Webster, Wha-
ley, Wilder, Windom, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, and Yeaman—85.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WAR NEWS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication, just received from the
War Department:
War Department, Washington City,
Wednesday, June 8, 1864,1.30 p. m.
Sir: A dispatch from Sir. Dana, at General Grant's head-
quarters, dated last night at 8.30 p. m., announces a victory
by General Hunter over the rebels beyond Staunton, ahtf
that the rebel General Jones was killed on the battle-field.
The dispatch is as follows:
"Richmond Examiner of to-day speaks of the defeat of
General W. E. Jones by General Hunter, twelve miles be-
yond Staunton, Virginia. General Jones killed on the field.
His successor retired to Waynesboro', and now holds
mountains between Charlottesville and Staunton. Tbo
paper further states that' no hospitals or stores were cap-
tured by Hunter.'"
Another dispatch announces that our forces occupy
Staunton.
Hunter's victory and that our troops occupy Staunton to
confirmed by the following dispatch just received from
General Butler:
"All quiet on my line. Richmond papers of Jane 7 give *
Intelligence of a fight at Mount Crawford between General
Hunter and General Jones, in which Hunterwasvictorious
and Jones, rebel commander, was killed. Staunton was
afterwards occupied by the Union forces. The fighting was
on Sunday."
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of ffar.
Hon. Schuyler Colpax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
General applause on thefl&orand in the gal*
leries followed the reading of the communication.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. COX asked and obtained unanimous con-
sent to have his vote recorded on the passage of
the tariff bill. He voted "no."
Mr, J. C. ALLEN asked and obtained sim-
ilar consent, stating that he had been absent by
reason of sickness when the vote was taken. He
voted 44 no."
Mr. L. MYERS askpd and- obtained similar
consent in reference to the vote on the passage of
the bill for the punishment of guerrillas. He
voted "ay."
WASHINGTON OAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back, with
amendments, the bill (S. No. 77) to amend the act
incorporating the Washington Gas-Light Com*
pany.
The bill provides that from and after March I,
1864, the Washington Gas-Light Company shall
not receive from consumers more than thirty-
three agdjyJgrd cents per hundred cubic feet of
gas it  subject to a discount of not
less cent, on all bills for gas if paid
at the office oWfe company within five days from
the rendition thereof, provided ail arrears have
been paid.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia was to strike
out the word " March" and insert in lieu thereof
the word " June."
Mr. TRACY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words " from and after the
passage of this act."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was then
agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia was to insert
before the words "from consumers" the words
" more than thirty-one cents per hundred cubic
feet of gas furnished by it to the Government,
nor."
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, I regret
that the Committee for the District of Columbia
has not been unanimous in its action on this biH.
There are, I think, other interests to be protected
by that committee 'and by this House besides
those of the Washington Gas-Light Company,
or of any other corporation. After this bill had
been introduced in the House, a memorial from
the common council and aldermen of the city of
Washington and signed by the mayor was laid
before us, earnestly protesting against any in-
crease in the price of gas. 1 will read a protest
and petition signed by hundreds of the people of
this city which was also laid before our com-
mittee:
To the Honorable the Senate and House Of Repre*ei%talivca
of the United States of Jlmerica:
The undersigned, residents and gas consumers of the
city of Washington, respectfully protest against any in-
crease in the price of gas, believing such incrtnse to be
unjust and unfair toward the people of said city; and also
prav youi honoiable bodies to grant an actof incorporatioa
