1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■r
not to pass, is the strongest argument I have heard
why it should pass. He says—I cannot quote
liis words, but I think I have theidea—that ifwe
create this office of lieutenant general we shall
have cause to repent of it before this session is
over, because other generals watching carefully
what we are doing will come up with their claims,
and we shall have to increase the list. I pray
i Almighty Gad that the Senator spoke the truth.
;I hope that there are some other generals in our
<armies who, when they see the high reward which
Congress, as the mouthpiece of the people, award
to a brave and successful soldier, will be stimu-
lated to exertion to show themselves worthy of
like honor; and if it did nothing else but stimu-
late an honorable ambition in the minds of these
other generals when they see what Congress and
the people of the country have done for General
Grant, it would be very bencficial if the result be
to stir and excite and move them to make ener-
getic efforts to place themselves upon the same
roll of honor, so that Congress, with equal con-
sistency, may tender them the like reward.
Mr. President, if I stood any where else except
in this high council chamber of the nation, where
every man is supposed to speak, and where I
believe every man speaks, just exactly what he
thinks without any sinister or covert meaning, I
should think that those gentlemen who are so
strenuously opposed to rendering this due honor
to General Grant, were secret ene.mies of Mr.
Lincoln by the course which they have taken to-
ward General Giant and want to put him on the
inside track for the Presidency; for, sir, let it go
abroad, justly or unjustly, let the people get a
suspicion thatfrom any motives thedue tribute to
the gallantry and self-sacrifice and the great vic-
tories which General Grant has won is withheld,
that there has been afeeling in favor of withhold-
ing from him the due reward of his merit and the
prompt and generous acknowledgment of it—let
that go abroad among the people, and I tell you,
sir, the people will put it right; they will rally,
and they will not stop until over the Senate and
over Congress they have rendered the highest
honors in their power to General Grant.
I do not want to do any such thing as that. I
want to leave General Grant just exactly where
his own merits leave him,and I desire that there
'should be no sinister influence created by our ac-
tion, however well intended, tha^shall tend to give
him this great advantage over ms other competi-
tors for tiie Presidency. Sir, there is no feeling
on theearth, noteven the love of woman,so pow-
erful as the feeling of gratitude in the minds of a
free people for the hero who has gone out in the
hour of his country's peril, taking his life, his
honor, his reputation, and everything in his hand,
and standing ready between the country and her
foes to do what man can do, and to saciifice all that
a patriot can sacrifice foi thfe benefit and the salva-
tion of his countiy. if there is a single lesson
in the history of this country demonstrated be-
yond controversy and beyond contradiction it is
that. What made General Jackson President of
the United States? What made General Taylor
President of the United States?
So far has this feeling of gratitude been car-
ried th.it the people have been ready to take a
general c«u upon trust; and they not only made
General Jackson and General Taylor Piesidents
of the United States for the great and heioicvic-
tones which they had achieved ill behalf of their
country, but the feeling was pushed to such ex-
cess that they actually took General Pierce [laugh-
ter] find made him Piesidentof the United States.
That same feeling is sttong in the breasts of tins
people. They are not only a btave hut a gener-
ous people. Sn, you may withhold this tribute
from General Giant, you may strip the bill as it
cann-from the llouseof Repiesentativesof every-
thing that goes to given meaning, or foice.or
vitality, but I tell yon that everything you do
will have a tendency to endear Geiietal Grant
more and more to the sympathies, the allection,
and the gratitude of his country.
Mr. Piexident, we are told that, there is no pre-
cedent for this measure. That is Hue; tin re is
not exactly any precedent for it; and we aie in a
time at this moment not to follow precedents but
to male them. Theie i„ no precedent for such a
gigantic 1 e In llioil us we are png.ii>ed i n ; tlr-re is
m?precedent in the history of this country or ill
the history of the woihl for the situation which
our country presents; and if we had stopped to be
tied up by precedents before we entered upon a
'vigorous prosecution of this war, the destinies of
this country would have been fixed long ago.
When Foit Sumter was attacked, when the na-
tional authority was defied, the national flag tram-
pled in the dust, and rebellion, red-handeu,stood
threatening the very existence of the nation, sup-
pose that President Lincoln before he called out
seventy-five thousand men to defend the country
had sent* for some pettifogging lawyer to hunt au-
thorities and find out a precedent for what a Presi-
dent of the United States might do in such an emer-
gency as tha'j when he could not find any-
thing in thCTaooks he had stopped and ceased and
waited until Congi ess came together, where would
the country have been?
But, sir, the President did what every man of
sagacity and of patriotism would do, and what
he should have done. He saw the emergencies
of the country, he saw the desperate condition in
which he was placed, and he took the responsi-
bility, and without law and without authority he
called these men into the field, trusting that Con-
gress when they came together would see that the
circumstances were such as to justify his action
and to demand it, and with a full and generous
, confidencc that they would sustain him. And,
sir, he did right. I said he did it without law,
but he did not do it without law. There was a
law higher than any that Congress had made or
could make, and that was " the safety of the Re-
public," which the old writers upon the Roman
law tell us " is the supreme law." It was upon
that law that he acted without looking for prece-
dents. Sir, I shall be glad if we make a prece-
dent here that can be followed. 1 shall be glad
if we confer this honor upon General Grant, and
stirred and stimulated by the example there comes
crowding upon the area general after general
bringing"his laurels and the proofs of his victory,
and laying them down at the feet of Congress,
and asking us to do unto him as we have done
unto General Grant, and the more the better, and
the sooner they come the better.
Mr. President, in the tremendous emergencies
of this country, such as no man could have foreseen
and such as we can now hardly realize,-General
Grant has gone forward and with the simplicity
of a Roman and the patriotism of an American he
has done all that human agency could do in the
perilous conditions in which he found himself;
and now shall we cease to rewaid him, shall we
cease to acknowledge everything that is due to
him because we cannot find a precedent? 1 trust
not, sir; but 1 trust that in the action of Congress
to-day upon this matter we shall set a precedent
which those who come after us will be proud to
follow. But, sir, I hope that in the history of the
country there never will arrive a crisis when the
war through which we are now going will be
looked to as a precedent. I hope such a rebellion
never will exist again, and I believe it never will.
1 believe that if you put General Giant in a situ-
ation where he can go on and consummate what
he has so well begun he will terminate this war,
and terminate it so effectually that centuries will
elapse before our successors will have occasion
to look to our doings for precedents to guide them.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am so anx-
ious to take the vote upon the passage of this joint
resolution which is to make General Giant a
lieutenant geneial that 1 reluctantly detain the
Senate for a few moments. But, sir, the Senator
from New Hampshire has made some suggestions
that 1 think require a biief notice.
The Senator expresses the hope that Congress
will now make a precedent, That the Congress^>f
the United States will pass this resolution as*it
comes to us from the House of R.cpiesentatives;
a resolution that dictates to the Chief Magistrate
of the Republic who shall be made lieutenant
general. 1 hope the Senate of the United States
will do no such thing. I hope, too, that we shall
vote without any reference to the presidential elec-
tion, or to candidates for the Presidency. Foi
myself, sir, 1 take no part whate\er in any of the
mo\ements heie or clsewheielooking to making
a President of the United Suites in November
next. It will be time enough for us to turn our
attention to that great duty when it comes upon
us. Our duly now is higher and nobler.
But, sir, I ti ust that the Senate will pass the
resolution as proposed by the Committee oil Mili-
tary Affairs, to make a lieutenant, general and not
dictale to the. President who that lieutenant gen-
eral siojj]be. ThepublicjudgmentafiKecjoijteiry
points to General Grant,; the.House of jRep.Eer.
sentatives has expressed its w,ish for his,appoijJt< 
ment;andl believe,the sentiment of the Senalje.to
approach jmanimity that General Grant shall be
appointed. I know, sir, that the President of the
United States is in favor of that appointment. It
seems to me that Congress ought not tQ tell.the
President whom he shall appoint. Why should
the Congress of the United States advise the Pres-
ident to appoint General Grant ? If there be a
man on earth that has been the fast friend of Gen- -
eral Grant, it is Abraham Lincoln. When the ■
public judgment was against him, when portions
of the public press denounced him, when officers
filled the city with communications against him,
when members of Congress shrank fiom his side
or criticised him harshly, when the pressure was
made to remove him, the President of the United
States stood firmly by him, had confidence in him,
carried him in triumph through, and he has nobly
proved himself worthy of that confidence. I know
no body of men on the earth, in Congress or out
of Congress, that has a right to go to the Presi-
dent of the United States and advise him to ap-
point General Grant. General Grant's great ser-
vice to the country is owing to the fact that the
President stood firmly by him when- so many
turned their backsupon him. He who stood by
him in the hours of doubt, when his fame was
clouded by misrepresentations or misunderstand-
ings, is notlikely to turn his backupon him now,
when he has rendered such services to his coun-
try and won such honors for himself.
Therefore, sir, it does seem to me that there is
an impropriety in passing through the Congress
of the United States this resolution as it comes
from the House of Representatives, saying to the
President that we recommend the appointment of
General Grant. ThePresidentisasreadyto make
that appointment as Congress is to vote for this
grade of lieutenant general.
Mr. Piesident, the Senator from Maryland has
expressed hisconfidencein General Halleck. We
are living in times when men are harshly judged
in every department of public life. We are pass-
ing through a civil war, and there is hardly a man
in public life, civil or military, that is not sub-
jected to the criticism, to the censure, to the re-
buke, and to the denunciation of large portions
of our countrymen. To General Halleck, I be-
lieve, we have done injustice, and to many other
public officers we have been unjust, and that will
be the judgment of the future when we have passed
through these stern scenes, and the record is fully
disclosed to the world. It always has been so.
Through the trials of the Revolution, one por-
tion of our countrymen were fault-finding wifh
the other. A number of men in the Continental
Congiess were opposed to Washington, and they
were among some of the best and noblest pa-
triots of that age. Just so in the last war with
England, men that we have almost deified since
were then censured and denounced by large por-
tions of the country. We are apt in our times
to underrate the magnitude of this contest and the
gravity of the events that are passing around us.
We are apt to find fault with and belittle the men
who are engaged in public affairs, civil and mili-
S tary; but when the triumph is won, and won it
will be, when the recoid goes to the world a bet-
ter age will measuie these transcendent events
more accurately than we are doing*and will do
justice to the public men of our day, civil and
" 'military, to their capacity and to their character.
! I think men in civil life or military life who are
|i earnestly striving to serve their country,although
[j they may make mistakes and do make mistakes,
j! may calmly trust to the judgment of the coming
J future.
,i The Senatorfrom Iowa has spoken of the great
I services rendered by Washington and by General
j! Seott, who have been made lieutenant generals.
II Well, sir, has not General Grant rendeied trans-
|, ccndeiit services to the countiy? He has fought
j' seventeen battles for the Republic and won them
jt all; he has taken more prisoners and more can-
non than ever Washington or Scott saw on all
I1 their battle-fields. He has rendered great service
• i to the country in this great struggle, and the pop-
ii ular voice points to htm as the manto receive this
li creat honor. I think it has been well and nobly
