T  CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
earned. I have confidence in Kim,as I have in all
men, civil and military, who know what this war
is about, who understand its cause. He under-
stood its causfe, and had the sagacity to see in
August last that the cause of this rebellion, sla-
very, was dead. He then declared that it would
• take a'standing army, if we made peace, to sup-
port slavery; and that'hewas opposed, much as
ire wanted peace, to makingany peace until this
question was'forever settled. It was not only the
language of a great general but thq language of a
genuine statcsman, and I honor him for it.
No.w, sir, I hope that the Senate will take this
k resolution, amended as proposed by theCommit-
" tee on Military Affairs, and pass it; that the House
of Representatives will concur in the amendment;
that-the President of theUnited States will prompt-
ly nominate General Grant for this high position;
that he will be promptly confirmed by the unani-
mous voice of the Semite; and that he will take
his place under the President of the United States
as the highest military officer of the Republic.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have listened
to this d-ebate through the afternoon, and I list-
ened to a debate on the same question 011 one or
two other occasions with an earnest and prayer-
ful desire to ascertain, if I could, what the ques-
tion in dispute is. i understand that the distinct
proposition upon which we are to vote is to amend
the bill by striking outcertain clauses. The effect
of those clauses I understand to be to recommend
to the President of the United States the appoint-
ment of General Grant as lieutenant general, and
to confer upon the lieutenant general made un-
der the bill the chicf command of the Army. Such
I understand to be the effect of these clauses. It
is moved to strike them out. Senators say it will
not do to put such a recommendation in the bill;
it is dictation to the President; and yet the House
of Representatives, the immediate representatives
of the people, by an immense majority have ex-
pressed such a wish. The people themselves
throughout the whole country, in every fiber of
them, have made known such a wish; and Sen-
ators say, speaking individually, that there is but
one man who can fill the place, and that is Gen-
eral Grant. They put all these declarations in
the Globe; they make them over and over again;
but they say, do not put the same language in the
bill, because "that is dictation to the President!
I cannot so understand it for my life. When
the Senator fiom Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Military Committee, stands in his place here
and calls upon the Senate, to strike out this rec-
ommendation of General Grant from the bill, but
still says that the country demands of the Presi-
dent the appointment of General Grant, I do not
see why he does not dictate to the President just as
much as if he said no such thing but let the ques-
tion be taken on the bill as it came to us from the
House of Representatives and contented himself
with saying simply " ay" to the passage of that
bill. 1 do not think that would be any more dic-
tation than the declaration we have heard out of
the mouth ofalmost every Senator who has spoken
here.
Mr. President, I indicated the other day a pur-
pose to vote for this bill. I want to have some
reason for voting for it. As it came from the
House of Representatives I thought 1 had a good
reason. I thought that as itcamefiom the House
of Representatives the bill said to the President:
" We, the representatives of the people, are will-
ing to create anew the grade of lieutenant general,
not. upon condition, but for the reason that we
want that authority conferred on one man who j
has shown himself capable of it." For that reason '
I was willing to go for the bill, and I do not want
to go for it for any other reason; I do not want
to get rid of the additional money that, will go into
the pocket of whoever may^be named lieutenant
general. There are other methods of getting rid
of it. W^e can vote it to ouiselves as we did last
year, and that would suit inc better, although I
did not vote for that. There are other metffods
of getting rid of ail the surplus money you have
in the Treasury.
Now, when it comes to the matter of authority
which this bill proposes to confer, there is none ,
about it. It does not propose to confer any ad- 1
ditional authority 011 anybody. The President 1
without this bill can confer all the authority that
this bill proposes to give to the lieutenant gen-
eral upon any general officer that he pleases, and
it is conferred to-day upon one, and has been ever
since this war commenced conferred upon some,
one. What other purpose then have we for vot-
ing for this bill if we do not couple with it a re-
quest that the authority, the rank, the pay should
be conferred upon that ojie individual whom the
Senator from Massachusetts, whom almost g,ll
Senators, whom almost all Representatives, whom
almost the whole country say has shown himself
to be fitted for it?
But the Senator from Maryland said that un-
less we adopted these amendments, the passage
of the bill would be a direct reflection upon Gen-
eral Halleck, the present General-ii^hief of the
Army. Tell me now, sir. What reflection the
passage of the bill with that recommendation in
it would be upon the present General-in-Chief any
more than the passage of the bill without that
language in it and accompanied by the speeches
and declarations that have been made 011 the floor
of the Senate and on the floor of the other House,
1 cannot understand for my life.
For my single self, sir, allow me to say I am
not here to attack General Halleck or to attack
any other general. I never have spent a day's
labor since I have been a representative of the
people in any such business. When any servant
of the people of the United States does his duty
well, I thank him. When he does not, I am
sorry for it; I never felt that I could make him
do his business better or come nearer to the dis-
charge of his duty by standing here in my place
and howling at him; and 1 have spent no part of
my time in any such employment as that, and I
am not here to attack General Halleck.
There isanother reason, a constitutional reason,
why I do not spend any portion of my time in
attacking generals and Secretaries and subordi-
nates. There is this reason why I do not attack
the General-in-Chief, the general of a corps, or
the general of a brigade: they are only responsi-
ble for doing the best they can, for achieving such
results as they are capable of, and as the means
placed in their power will enable them to achieve;
and whether such a bat tie was lost through the fault
of a brigade or of a brigadier, or such a campaign
was disastrous through the fault of the General-in-
Chief, o'r the general 111 command, or the Com-
mander-in-Chief, these are questions which I sel-
dom allow myself to reflect upon, never to discuss
in the Senate or clsewheie.
I am only prepared to say that there has been
one mistake made from the commencement of this
war. I know of but one mistake that has been
made since the commencement of this war, and
that is that we have allowed about two and a half
millions I think of genuine rebels and about two
and a half million semi-rebels within our own
territories and jurisdiction, with twenty-six mil-
lion loyal people at our bidding and our com-
mand, with unlimited resources of money and of
men; I say we have allowed this insignificant
force of treason to lie here confronting us from
May, 18G1, to the present time. That is the only
mistake 1 know of. That I am prepared to say
ought not to have been and need not have been;
but whether the Commander-in-Chief or General
Scott or General Halleck or you and I are to be
held responsible for it, I am not prepared just
now to say. 1 do say it ought not to have been,
and it need not have been. We owed it, Mr.
President, to our belief, to our faith that the peo-
ple are capable of self-government; we owed it to
that fundamental doctrine on which our institu-
tions stand, the doctrine of human equality, the
doctrine that one man is as good as another, to
have shown that ^venty-six million were not
mtrely stronger than five million but that they
were capable of riding over and tiding down five
million at once and forever. That ought to have
been done; and your flag, upheld by such vast
numbers, and such vast loyalty, and such un-
questionable valor, ought never to have been com-
pelled to waver on a single field.
So, sir, you see I waive every disposition to
find fault with this general or that; but I do rec-
ognize the fact which almost every one here has
spoken of freely, that one general who has filled
very important commands almost from the com-
mencement of this war has been most uniformly
successful; that portion of the public resources
which has been placed in his hands has produced
results the most beneficent and the most import-
ant. I am disposed to put the resouiccs of the 1
nation into his hands, to let him marshal for a few
months the people of the United States, and see
what will come of that. He may fail us. He
may not be equal to this vast command. I can-
not say. He has been found very faithful and
successful over a few things. I was disposed to
vote for the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives and make him ruler over a great many
—the whole lot.
That is the only reason I have for voting for it,
and if you strike out this recommendation I have
no reason for voting for the bill, and 1 shall not
vote for it, for then you confer upon the President
simply the authority to make a lieutenant general.
I do not want a lieutenant general for any pur-
pose except to exercise this command. He can
give this command to General Grant to-day, if he
pleases. He does give it to General Halleck. Gen-
tlemen assume here upon the floor that if you
authorize the rank oflieutenantgene'ral to begiven
to any one, he will give it to General Grant. Why
should he? Why should he give the chief com-
mand,with the rank of lieutenant general, to Gen-
eral Grant,<vhen he gives the chief command with-
out the rank of lieutenant general to another offi-
cer? I do not know that he would not do it; I
certainly think he would do it; but I do certainly
know that there is no dictation in asking him to
do what we all thinkought to be done, and which
every one concedes he wishes to have done.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the con-
dition of the Senate and the vacant seats show
very well that every Senator has made up his
mind pretty much on this question, and that de-
bate is entirely useless about it; and therefore
what I have to say I say merely for the purpose
of defending myselfagainstan inference that may
be drawn from what has been said by the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire, and intimated
by some other Senators; and that is that every
Senator who dares to vote for the recommenda-
tions of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
the Committee 011 Military Affairs themselves in
pressing these amendments, are guilty of a desire
to detract something from the honor that is due
to General Grant, and must stand before the peo-
ple. as being willing to withhold from him the
high credit aiid honor that is due to him; for that
is olcaily the inference to be drawn from the speech
of the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
Now, sir, I pi^pose to support by my vote the
recommendations of the Committee on Military
Affairs; and if these recommendations are adopted
I propose to vote for the bill creating the office of
lieutenant general; and I wish to say, sir, that in-
stead of desiring to detract anything from the
honor that I am willing to bestow upon General
Grant, if he is to be the man—and that is taken
for granted; there is no dispute about it—I do it
for this, among othe^reasons, that I wish not to
deprive him of the honor that he will receive from
the nomination in case it shall be conferred upon
him. I wish to add to what has been said in the
Senate and in the other House in regard to him,
the free selection of the Chief Magistrate and the
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States, of him as the man, his judgment exercised
upon it without dictation and without advice, at
least without any advice contained on the face of
the bill.
Sir, I think it would be detracting from that
honor, if it is to be conferred by the Chief Magis-
trate upon him, that we should undertake in the
bill to advise him about what we wish, and add
the weight of popular sentiment, if it is popular
sentiment, to the honor which is proposed to be
conferred.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question-?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. The question 1 wish to ask is
if, in the judgment of the Senator from Maine,
the appointment of lieutenant general conferred
by the President would beany credit to the indi-
vidual if it was against the sentiment of the peo-
ple of the United States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would very much
diminish its value; but I take it everybody as-
sumes that there is no dispute about that point
here; it has been indicated in the other House;
gentlemen propose to indicate ithere; butit must
be understood and presumed that the President
of the United States, being Commander-in-Chief
of the armies of the United States, ought to know
