1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who lias rendered the most distinguished services
and who is the most fit man to filfthis great place;
and when the President of the United States, un-
der an act of Congress leaving him free to judge
and to select the individual, says that he has
learned from his position that that is the man, it
is a double honor to him that he is thus selected.
Now, sir, while it might have been very well
for the House'-of Representatives in its enthusi-
asm to name the man, there is, in my judgment,
a very great impropriety in our doing so. I have
so considered it from the beginning. Sir, we are
Senators 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that the bill, when it was introduced ori-
ginally and when it was reported, did not name
the man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that, and I was
saying that while it might be excusable in the
enthusiasm of the moment for the House of Rep-
resentatives to do what it has done in this in-
stance, it will not be so excusable in us. And
why? For the simple reason that we are yet to
act as judges on whatever nomination may be
made. This office cannot be conferred until the
nomination of the President shall be confirmed
by us. We are to act upon it judicially. Is there
any propriety in us, when we pass an act of Con-
gress authorizing the appointment of an officer,
upon whoso appointment we are ourselves to act
as judges, saying beforehand that we are prepared
to advise that A, B, or C should be no nominated
and his name sent to us for confirmation ? I con-
sider that there is a gross impropriety in our at-
tempting to do any such thing.
Let me illustrate it by a case where I think all
will see the impropriety. Suppose that we were
passing an appropriation bill to-day, and in that
should make an appropriation fora new minister
abroad, a minister plenipotentiary to some for-
eign court where we have none now, and it were
proposed to add to it that Congress recommend
that Mr. Jones, or Mr. Smith, or somebody else
be appointed to that office; no matter how distin-
guished the individual mightbe, I take it the Sen-
ate would see in an instant that it would be grossly
improper and contrary to all precedent and rule
for us to attempt to do such a thing. Standing,
as we do, as advisers of the President after the
nomination is made, it would certainly be im-
proper for us to attempt to advise beforehand.
This is the main view which I have in regard to
this matter, and therefore I have been from the
beginning in favor of the amendments proposed
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Now, sir, let me say a word or two more. Gen-
tlemen have talked about an "empty honor" to
General Grant. There is something in this, I
take it, besides an honor to General Grant. I do
not intend to vote upon the bill before the Senate
merely on the ground of conferring an honor upon
an individual. If I vote for it at all, as I hope I
may be able to do, it will be because, among other
reasons, I think the public interests require that
the office be created. Why do I think so? I have
come to the conclusion that it would be well to
have a military man of distinguished reputation,
who has the confidence of the country, in com-
mand. It is true that it may be answered that the
President has the power now to create precisely
such an officer; tnat is, to appoint somebody to
command all our armies. That is true; but I may
possibly be of opinion that the President does not
mean to exercise that power; and I may possibly
be of opinion that it is worth while to jog him a
little upon that point to put somebody in com-
mand, not to be independent of him, but in the
multitude of his duties to relieve him of the ne-
cessity he is now under to do the military think-
ing of the country as well as the civil. I may
have come to the conclusion that it will do no
harm to have such an officer, who, although sub-
ject to the President, liable to bo removed by him,
controlled by him, as he should be by the Con-
stitution, yet may act for himself, not independ-
ently of the President, but independently until he
is controlled or directed otherwise. It may be well
to have some general whose mind may be called
upon to overlook the whole field of operations in
the whole country, and a distinguished military
man for that purpose. If I have come to that con-
clusion, then it would inevitably follow, perhaps,
that I should think it my duty to vote for the ap-
pointment of such an officcr.
Is it an empty honor? My friend from Cali-
fornia said something about his being unwilling
to confer an empty honor upon General Grant.
Why, sir, is it an empty honor to confer upon a
man like him, distinguished as he is, who when
he was originally in the Army I believe was not
there long enough to get higher than the grade of
lieutenant, and who has now been in service be-
tween two and three years; is it an empty honor
to say that that man has so distinguished'him-
self in the course of three years that we make
him the first military officer in the country over
all other major generals and all our armies, con-
ferring upon him at the same time a pay amount-
ing 1 believe in the whole to some twelve or
thirteen thousand dollars a year for life—vastly
better and greater, take it as a whole, than is
conferred upon the President or anybody else—
over all and every one so far as pecuniary recom-
pense is concerned, and placing that man at an
early age of life, too, in a position where from
necessity, so long as he conducts himself well, he
has the control of all the military operations of
the country, unless the President for good rea-
sons should see fit to deprive him of it?
Do gentlemen call that an empty honor? If it
is, it is an empty honor that many men of the
greatest attainments m any sphere of life would
be very glad to attain. No, sir; this talk about
an empty honor is merely that gentlemen may
put into the bill, what? Nothing that adds to his
power, but may say in the bill that he shall have
the power. I look upon it in the first place as
a new precedent, which I am never in favor of
establishing unless there is a necessity for it. I
appeal to my friend from California on that point,
and it is the leason I asked him the questions I
did. '' Do you propose to make the lieutenant gen-
eral, whoever he may be, independent of the Pres-
ident?" "No." " Do you not hold that when jie
is made lieutenant general he has from necessity
the command of the armies of the United States,
being the first officer, and having no superior?"
"I do hold so." Very well, then, why do you
want to say in the bill that he-shall have command
of the armies of the United States? Of whatben-
efit is it? You do not want to effect anything by
it. Why then embarrass it? Why not put the
matter on its simple ground, such as it has been
put upon before? We authorize the President of
the United States to appoint, subject to our con-
firmation, a lieutenant general of the Army, and
we know that when that power is exercised that
lieutenant general will be at the head of the Army,
and at the head of all the military operations of
all the armies, subject merely to the constitutional
Commander-in-Chief. Is notthatenough? And
when the President says to us, as he will say un-
questionably, "I consider that General Ulysses
S. Grant is the man of all others, from his great
services, to be placed in this exalted position, '
and when we as we shall unquestionably unani-
mously say " ay" to that and confirm him, have
we not given him a position such as any man
living or who ever lived might well be proud of,
without putting his name m our bill originally,
and thus saymgto the President, " Sir, we cannot
trust you to act on this matter unless we hint to
you that we want such a man appointed ?"
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to explain? Does the Senator understand me to
be in favor of the bill asit camefrom the House of
Representatives, indicating to the President whom
he shall appoint?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not atall. I understand
that the honorable Senator is not, but I under-
stand that he is in favor of putting it on record
that this lieutenant general shall have command
of the armies, which is entirely unnecessary.
Mr. CONNESS. I had the honor to propose
an amendment which is not under consideration
now. I would not offer the amendment if these
amendments proposed by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs were voted down, not adopted. In
that event I do not intend to offer my amendment;
but if these amendments be adopted, then I think
I can show the honorable Senator from Maine
that there is some propriety in adoptingmy amend-
ment, but I do not understand it now to be under
consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not under consider-
ation now, but I was addressing myself to him
and to that particular branch of the subject. It
has been once substantially struck out of the bill.
Mi-. CONNESS. Permit me 'again* with th?
Senator's leave to say that I agfre'e with him in
nearly all that he has said, and that in callingthe
rank and title an empty compliment, I but in pjti'
adopted the language of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, or at least took issue with that lan-
guage. As 1 understood him to contend' that'll
was a compliment due to General Grant, and that
as a compliment we should confer it, I meant to
be understood to say, and I wish the Senatorfrom
Maine to understand me as occupying that pbr
sitio.n, that I would do nothing more than "has al-
ready been done by Congress in the way of offering
compliment, but I would do now what is propose^
in this bill with the amendments offered by the
Committee on Military Affairs for its uses and
benefits to the country, and not as a compliment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I said in reference
to my honorable friend's proposed amendment
was rather to save myself the trouble which I sup-
posed I might have of saying it by and by when
it was offered, and seeing if 1 could not convince
him that all the object he desires to accomplish by
it will in fact be accomplished by the bill as rt
stands after adopting the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg to say to the Senator
that it is not my purpose to undertake to discuss
my amendment when it shall be proposed. I will
have it reported from the desk, and if the Senate
do not consider that it is necessary to be adopted,
let it be voted down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not intend to ex-
tend my remarks. As I said, I rose simply to
defend myself from what might be an inference
drawn from the remarks of my honorable friend
from New Hampshire. I cannot consent to be
placed in the category before the country, because
1 vote for the amendments of the Committee on
Military Affairs, of being disposed fora moment
to detract anything from any honor that is pro-
posed to be conferred on Genera! Grant or any
other distinguished officer before the country.
But, sir, upon all these mutters we must act
after all with reference to our own judgment of
what is right and proper. As I have stated he-
fore in the course of my remarks, I cannot see
that anything is to be added, by those parts of the
bill which the committee propose to strike out, to
the honor that will result to General Grant if he
is to be appointed to this office; but, on the con-
trary, in my judgment that honor would rather be
lessened by the "impression that is to go abroad,
that we, the Congress, deem it necessary to name
the man, for fear that after all he may not be se-
lected, that there is somebody else who stands on
a par with him. Besides, I cannot deem it to be
proper in any way, so far as I am concerned, to
say beforehand that I will vote for the confirma-
tion of any particular man. All things are pos-
sible; and now suppose before this nomination
shall come in to us, or after it shall have come in,
before we have acted upon it, some very great dis-
aster should happen to our armies commanded by
General Grant, some terrible-disaster for which
perhaps he might not be responsible, should we
not deem it our duty in sucli a case to wait and
inquire whether on the whole it was advisable to
confirm such a nomination ? Unquestionably we
should. I mention this to illustrate the impro-
priety, in my judgment, of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, being the advisers of the President,
saying in any case beforehand whom they would
select for an office upon the nomination to which
they themselves are to act. Tiiat is the position
which I assume with regard to that point.^
Now, sir, in regard to General Grant himself,
for fear that I may be misunderstood in any sense,
I will say that, in my judgment, if I had the selec-
tion to-day I would select him unquestionably
before any one in the country; he would have my
vote and my voice, because I believe that of all
others he has most distinguished himself. Wheth-
er it is owing to great ability or to great good for-
tune, 1 cannot say. At any rate he has been suc-
cessful, and in military matters success is the great
testof merit in the fhst instance. And in the next
place, from all I have heard of him, I believe
that he is a man of high moral qualities; that he
not only has pbvsieal courage but moral courage;
that if he had bt-en at Antietam he would have
followed the retreating army at once and demol-
ished u; that if he had been at Gettysburg the
army of Lee ne"\er would have crossed the river,
