THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON', D. CL
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1864.
Hew Series No. $Tf.
to the fact. Coai costs by the single ton in this
city at the present time, as is stated, $13 50; it is
obtained, however, by the cargo, as I am told by
the able and accomplished superintendent of the
insane asylum in this District, at $9 50 per toa.
But, sir, if gas light can be furnished with a
fair profit in Boston, Brooklyn, New York, Phil-
adelphia, and Baltimore at $2 50, why should the
price be advanced here, where the Government is
now paying $2 52 and the people $2 70 per thou-
sand feet, and where the Government tax is
charged to the consumer, as it is not in those
cities? The cost of coal and labor is not greater
here than in most of those places. I have in-
quired somewhat carefully to ascertain the actual
cost of gas at the present time. From New York
I learn that the cost there is $1 80 per thousand
feet at the moment of delivery to the consumer.
At the insane asylum of this District, already
referred to, gas of a superior quality is made from
the refuse of petroleum oil, a mdre expensive ar-
ticle than coal, at onedollar per thousand feet, or,
including the interest on all outlays for the con-
struction and repair of works, at something less
than two dollars per thousand feet. These, it
will be borne in mind,are private works. Public
works c^n manufacture gas at a much lower rate.
I now call attention to an estimate which I have
made of the cost of producing gas in this city. I
think it will be found to approximate very exactly
to the facts m the case, and if there is any varia-
tion that it is in favor of the company.
A ton of coal will yield, allowing four feet of
gas to the pound, 8,960 feet. Value of 8,960 feet
of gas at $2 70 per thousand feet is $24 19. At
&2 52 per thousand the cost to Government is
$22 58.
Cost of making 8,960 feet of gas,
A ton of coal $13 50
Labor in manufacture at 25 per cent  2 70
Interest on outlays, worki, contingencies, wear and
ttdr, See., at 15 per cent  2 03
$18 25
Less the value of coke and tar produced at 1D-J- per
cent  1 97
Total costof 8,960 feet $16 2S
Net profit on each ton of coal manufactured into gas
for the Goveirunent     $S 30
Net profit on each ton to the citizens  7 61
Ooj,t of gas per thousand  1 8J
Profit on each thousand furnished to Government.. 71
Profit on each thousand furnished to citizens  89
The members of this House should remember
in connection with these estimates, made upon
what I regard as g<*>d authority, that the Gov-
ernment is paying this company over $100,000 a
year.
It is urged that the depreciation of the currency
has les^nod the profits of the company. I ad-
mit it, but claim that the increased quantity of
gas consumed m hospitals and other public build-
ings, resulting from the war, renders a full equiv-
alent for the loss on the currency.
I do not wish to detain the House further upon
this subject. 1 have simply done what I believed
to be my duty in presenting these facts. I think
an increase in the price of gas in this city would
be a wrong done both to the Government and the
people; and I therefore earnestly desire that the
till may be defeated.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I have no desire
to inflict any outrage upon this House or upon
the people of this city, but I wish to deal with
this question simply as a practical business ques-
tion . My friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Fat-
tiskson"] has dwelt so long with the stars and the
planets that it is perhaps difficult for him to come
down and look upon sublunary affairs in a practi-
cal light.
I undertake to say that the price which this
company now receives from the Government for
its gas will not pay the cost of the crude article
of coal they use in its manufacture and the costof
manual labor necessarily employed. I care not
what have been the past profits of this company;
I care not what profits may have been made by
the original contractors in building the works;
177
and I care not what speculations may have been
put forth before this House in reference to the
navy-yard, or officers connected with the same. I
will show the cost of the materials of which the
gas is manufactured and the cost of labor, and
then we can determine definitely whether or not
we are paying the company a fair and reasonable
rate for what they give us. While I would not
inflict any wrong upon this community, I am not
willing that the Government of the United States
shall descend to petty larceny by the use of its
power to compcl this company to furnish gas for
less than the cost of its production; and I say that
unless we come, as we should do, to the relief of
this company, we shall be doing them a great
wrong, and shall subject the good faith and honor
of the Government to merited censure.
The gentleman from New Hampshire has in-
troduced before the House a memorial signed, he
says, by many distinguished men of this city and
by some of the city officials, protesting against
increasing the price of gas. Sir, that was a me-
morial praying Congress to charter a new gas
company, and it was got up by the parties who
were pressing the committee for a charter. We
have granted that charter, but at the same time
the men who signed that petition, representing the
city government, have said to individuals of that
committee that the present company should be
relieved and be permitted to increase the price of
their gas.
Now, sir, there are certain facts which are
stronger than arguments. Coal costs to-day in
the city of Washington ^13 88 a ton at wholesale,
delivered, and that is what this company paid for
the last coal they purchased. And I have a letter
from the president of the Manhattan Company of
New York saying that coal costs them in the city
of New York §10 50 a ton; and they buy m im-
mense quantities. I know also the price of coal
in Philadelphia, in Buffalo, in Albany, and other
places, because I have for yeais been interested
m the sale of gas coal. 1 have sold and am sell-
ing gas coal now in the city of Albany for ten
dollais a tqn, or more than that sum.
Now, the quantity of gas produced from a ton
of coal depends very much upon the quality of
the coal. It varies from seventy-five hundred to
ninety-three hundred feet, and m some instances
very pure coal w*li yield ten thousand feet. The
coal used here is a very fair quality of gas coal,
and fifty-seven tons, the daily consumption of this
company yields four hundred and sixty-five thou-
sand feet of crude gas, as it goes into the first
meter. That is not the amount which goes to the
consumer, but the amount prepared by the com-
pany and kept on hand, subject to leakage and
condensation. Now, I appeal to a member of this
House—and I could state the fact from my own
observation and experience—but I appeal to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Starr,] who
is familiar with this subject, to state what is the
loss of gas by condensation and leakage, taking
the average of gas companies in the United States.
Mr. STARR. 1 will say, being somewhat
professionally acquainted with the business, that
the average loss, taking all the works in the Uni-
ted States, is not less than sixteen percent. In
large cities like New York and Philadelphia the
loss runs from thirteen to sixteen percent.; butthe
average, taking all the works in the United States,
is sixteen per cent, on the aggregate products ot
the works.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from New Jersey if gas stock
is not considered the most valuable stock to be
had, and if it does not generally pay the largest
dividends.
Mr. STARR. I can say that investments in
gas stock are generally considered good, better,
perhaps, than" the average investments of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS, of New Yoik. Having received
the answer to my question from the gentleman
from New Jersey, I will proceed with my calcu-
lation. The result of the daily consumption of
fifty-seven tons of coal is 465,000 feet of gas by
actual measurement. Now, sir, to be liberal in
the premises, I have deducted but fifteen percent,
for condensation, and that 1 Undertake to say from
personal knowledge is a very reasonable and low
estimate. The result of th&t deduction is 395,250
feet as the product of the consumption of fifty-
seven tons of coal. I will ca-U it in roundnum-
bers 400,000. The cost of the coal per day at
$13 50 a ton is,§769 50. But the actual price paid
to-day for coal is $13 88. The' cost of the coal
then is $769 50 per day, and the labor upon it is
$375. Wages are $2 50 a day. That is what ia
now paid by this company and other companies.
And for that reason, and by reason of the en-
hanced value of coal, all our gas companies which
are restricted by legislation are appealing to the
legislative authorities for rfclief. Those not go
restricted are obtaining relief by raising their
prices. Computing the price of the coal and of
the labor, you have $1,142 60 as the cobt'of the
coal and the labor on it in the production of this
gas, that is the' manual labor only without refer-
ence to the interest upon capital invested, the in-
cidental expenses, taxes, insurance, and salaries
for superintendents. In paymentfor this expense
for manual labor and coal, they receive, at the
present price of gas, which we permit them to
charge, but $1,043 per day.
Figures, according to an old adage, do not lie.
Men may be in error in theirestimates, and their
errors may be perfectly honest. I would indorse
my honorable friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Patteiison] for honesty the world over, but I
cannot indorse the correctness of his opinions in
regard to the cost of producing gas on earth, of
which cost he has no personal knowledge. His
'professional avocations have taken him too long
into the upper regions of space—where, accord-
ing to the nebular theory of La Place, in which
both the honorable gentleman and myself are
believers, gas is furnished in untold quantities,
and at very reasonable cost—to permit him to
know or consider the cost of Us production here
below, where coal and machinery and labor all
range at higher prices.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
a practical question.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I will certainly
yield for that ptirpone.*
Mr. WILSON. My question is this: if this
gas company is losing money every day, why is
it that its stock keeps at par or above?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The reason is
that the company has cherished (perhaps delu-
sively) confidence in the good faith and integrity
of Congress, and has believed that the Govern-
ment would have honesty and fairness enough
to come forward and give reasonable protection
to their interests and capital.
I am informed by one of the prominent direct-
ors of the company, (Colonel Freeman,) a gen-
tleman of high standing and unimpeachable in-
tegrity, whom I have known most favorably for
some years, that unless this relief be extended to
the gas company it will not be able to and can-
not supply either the Government or this city
with gas.
Mr. PATTERSON. The gentleman has sug-
gested that! have dwelt so long among the nebula
that I do not understand this question practically.
I will ask him whether if I should purchase a
coal mine in Pennsylvania and sell coal to this
gas company it would make my views more
practical.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I rather think it
would. I should most certainly hope for such a
result, butno coal comes from western Pennsylva-
nia to Washington, and before it can do so, under
the laws of trade now existing, both the honor-
able gentleman and myself will cea&e to be mem-
bers of this House.
Mr. BAXTER. I would ask the gentleman
what the stock of this company was worth on the
1st of January,3864.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I have learned
from directors of the company that it was held
at about 120, but without sales.
