1864.]
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213.
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong. ... Isi Sess.
each and every collector, of his deputies, shall
give receipts for all sums by them collected.
Sec. 37. And be it further.enacted, That a col-
lector or deputy collector, assessor, assistant
assessor, revenue agent, or inspector, shall be
authorized to enter, in the daytime, any brewery,
distillery, manufactory, building, or place where
any property, articles, or objects, subject to duty
or taxation under the provisions of this act, are
made, produced, or kept, within his district, so
far as it may be necessary for the purpose of ex-
amining said property, articles, or objects, or in-
specting .the accounts required by this act from
time to time to be made or kept by any manu-
facturer or producer, relating to such property,
articles, or "objects. And every owner of such
brewery, distillery, manufactory, building, or
place, or persons having the agency or superin-
tendence of the same, who shall refuse to admit
such officer, or to suffer him to examine said
property, articles, or objects, or to inspect said
accounts, shall, for every such refusal, forfeitand
pay the sum of five hundred dollars: Provided,
however, That when such premises shall be open
at night, such officers may enter while so open in
the performance of their official duties.
Sec. 38. And beitfurther enacted. That if any
person shall forcibly obstruct or hinder any as-
sessor or assistant assessor, or any collector or
deputy collector, revenue agent or inspector, in
the execution of this act, or of any power and
authority hereby vested in him, or shall forcibly
rescue, or cause to be rescued, any property,
articles, or objects, after the same shall have been
seized by him, or shall attemptor endeavorsoto
do, the person so offending shall, upon convic-
tion thereof, for every such offense, forfeit and
pay the sum of five hundred dollars, or double
the value of property so rescued, or be impris-
oned for a term not exceeding two years, at the
discretion <rf the court: Provided, That if any
such officer shall divulge to any party, or make
known in any manner other than is provided in
this act, the operations, style of work, or appa-
ratus of any «ianufacturer or producer visited by
him in the discharge of official duties, he shall
be subject to the penalties prescribed in section
thirty-five [thirty-six] of this act.
Sec. 39. Jind be it further enacted, Thatin case
of the sickness or temporary disability of a col-
lector to discharge such of his duties as cannot
under existing laws be discharged by a deputy,
they may be devolved by him upon one of his
deputies; and for the official acts and defaults of
Buch deputy the collector and his sureties shall be
held responsible to the United States.
Sec. 40. And be it further enacted, That in case
a collector shall die, resign, or be removed, the
dppnties of such collector shall continue to act
until his successor is appointed; and the deputy
of such collector longest in service at the time
immediately preceding shall, until a succcssor
shall be appointed, discharge all the duties of said
collector; and for the official acts and defaults of
such deputy a remedy shall be had on the official
bond of the collector, as in other cases; and of
two or more deputy collectors, appointed on the
same day, the one residing nearest the residence
of the collector at tho time of his death, resigna-
tion, or removal, shall discharge the said duties
until the appointment of a successor. And any
bond or security taken from a deputy by such
collector, pursuant to this act, shall be available
to his legal representatives and sureties to indem-
nify them for loss or damage accruing from any
act of the deputy so continuing or succeeding to
the duties of such collector.
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the collectors aforesaid, or their
deputies, in their respective districts, and they
are hereby authorized, tn collect all the duties
and taxes imposed by this act, however the same
may be designated, and to prosecute for the re-
covery of any sum or sums which may be for-
feited by virtue of this act; and all fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures which may be incurred or
imposed by virtueof this act shall be sued for and
recovered, in the name of the United States, in
any proper form ofaction,or by any appropriate
form of proceeding, qui tam, or otherwise, before
any circuit or district court of the United States
for the district within which said fine, penalty,
or forfeiture may have been incurred, or before
any other court of competent jurisdiction; and
where not otherwise and differently provided for,
one moiety thereof shall be to the use of the Uni-
ted States, and the other moiety thereof to the
use of the person, to be ascertained by the judg-
ment of the court, who shall first inform of the
cause, matter, or thing whereby any such fine,
penalty, or forfeiture was incurred: Provided,
That in case of any suit brought upon informa-
tion received from any person, other than a col-
lector, deputy collector, assessor, assistant as-
sessor, or i nspector, of internal revenue, the U nited
States shall not be subject to any costs of suit,
nor shall the fees of any attorney or counsel em-
ployed by any such officer be allowed in the set-
tlement of his account unless the employment of
such attorney or counsel shall be authorized by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, either ex-
press or by general regulations.
Sec. 42. Aid be it further enacted, That if any
person, in any case, matter, hearing, or other
proceeding in which an oath or affirmation shall
be required to be taken or administered underand
by virtue of this act, shall, upon the taking of
such oath or affirmation, knowingly and willfully
swear or affirm falsely, every person so offending
shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall, on
conviction thereof, be subject to ihe like punish-
ment and penalties now provided by the laws of
the United States for the crime of perjury.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That sepa-
rate accounts shall be kept at the Treasury of all
moneys received from internal duties or taxes in
each of the respective States, Territories, and col-
lection districts; and that separate accounts shall
be kept of the amount of each species of duty or
tax that shall accrue, so as to exhibit, as far as
may be, the amount collected from each source of
revenue, with the moneys paid as compensation
and for allowances to the collectors and deputy
collectors, assessors and assistant assessors, in-
spectors, and other officers employed in each of
the respective States, Territories, and collection
districts, an abstract in tabular form of which ac-
counts it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury, annually, in the month of December,
to lay before Congress.
Sec . 44. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, subject to regula-
tions prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be, and is hereby, authorized, on appeal to
him made, to remit, refund, and pay back all du-
ties erroneously or illegally assessed or collected,
and all duties that shall appear to be unjustly as-
sessed or excessive in amount, or in any manner
wrongfully collected, and also repay to collectors
or deputy collectors the full amountof such sums
of money as shall or may be recovered against
them or any of them them in any court, for any
internal duties or licenses collected by them, with
the costs and expenses of suit, and ail damages
and costs recovered against assessors, assistant
assessors, collectors, deputy collectors, and in-
spectors, in any suit which shall be brought
against them or any of them by reason of ai>y-
thing that shall or may be done in the due per-
formance of their official duties, and also com-
promise such suits and all others relating to
internal revenue. And alljudgments and moneys
recovered or received for taxes, costs, forfeitures,
and penalties shall be paid to the collector as in-
ternal duties are required to be paid; and all sums
of money which the Commissioner is authorized
to pay by virtue of this section shall be paid by
drafts drawn on collectors of internal revenue.
Sec. 45. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases of distraint and sale of goods or chattels for
non-payment of taxes, duties, or licenses, as pro-
vided for, the bill of sale of such goods or chat-
tels given by the officer making such sale, to the
purchaser thereof, shall be prima facie evidence
of the right of the officer to make such sale, and
conclusive evidence of the regularity of his pro-
ceedings in selling the same.
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That if, for
any cause, at any time after this act goes into
operation, the laws of the United States cannot
be executed in a State or Territory of the United
States, or any part thereof, or within the District
of Columbia, it shall be the duty of the President,
and he is hereby authorized, to procecd to exe-
cute the provisions of this act within the limits of •
such State or Territory, or part thereof, or His-
trict of Columbia, so soon as the authority of-the,
United States therein shall be reestablished, and.
to collect the taxes, duties, and licenses, in such •
States and Territories under the regulations pre- ■
scribed in this act, so faras applicable; and where
not applicable, the assessment and levy shall be ,
made,and the time and manner of collection reg-
ulated, by the instructions and directions of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 47. And be it further enacted, That the of- ,
fleers who may be appointed under this act, ex- .
cept within those districts within any State or
Territory which have been or may be otherwise
especially provided for by law, shall be, and
hereby are, authorised, in all cases where the
paymentof such-tax shall not have been assumed
by the State, to perform all the duties relating to.
or regarding the assessment and collection of any
direct tax imposed, or which may be imposed by
law.
Sec . 48. And be itfurtker enacted, That all goods,
wares, merchandise, articles or objects on which
duties are imposed by the provisions of Iw;,.
which shall be found in the possession or cus-
tody, or within the control, of any person or per-
sons, for the purpose of being sold orremovedby
such person or persons in fraud of the internal
revenue laws, or with design to avoid payment
of said duties, may be seized by any collector or
deputy collector, who shall have reason to believe
that the same are possessed, had, or held for the
purpose or design aforesaid, and the same shall
be forfeited to the United States; and also all ar-
ticles of raw materials found in the possession of
any person or persons intending to manufacture
the same for the purpose of being sold by them
in fraud of said laws; or with design to evade the
paymentof said duties, and also all tools, imple-
ments, instruments, and personal property what-
soever, in the place or building, or within any
yard or inclosure where such articles on which
duties are imposed, as aforesaid, and intended to
be used by them in the fraudulent manufacture
of such raw materials, shall be found, may also
be seized by any collector or deputy collector, as
aforesaid; and' the same shall be forfeited as afore-
said; and the proceedings to enforce said forfeit-
ure shall be in the nature of a proceeding in rem
in the circuit or district court of the United States
for the district where such seizure is made, or in
any other court of competent jurisdiction. And
any person who shall have in his custody or
possession any such goods, wares, merchandise,
articles or objects subject to duty as aforesaid,
for the purpose of selling the same with the de-
sign of avoiding payment of the duties imposed
thereon, shall be liable to a penally of five hun-
dred dollars, or not less than double the amount
of duties fraudulently attempted to be evaded, to
be recovered in any court of competent jurisdic-
tion; and the goods, wares, merchandise, articles
or objects which shall be so seized by any col-
lector or deputy collector, may, at the option of
the collector, during the pendency of such pro-
ceedings, be delivered to the marshal of said dis-"
trict, and remain in his care and custody and
under his control until final judgment in such
proceeding shall be rendered: Provided, however,
That when the property so seized may be liable
to perisl) or become greatly reduced m value by
keeping, or when it cannot be kept withoutgreat
expense, the owner thereof, the collector, or the
marshal of the district, may apply to the assessor
of the district to examine said property; and if,
in Lhe opinion of said assessor, it shall be neces-
sary that the said property should be sold to pre-
vent such waste orexpense, he shall appraise the
same, and the owner thereupon shall have said
property returned to him upon giving bond in
such form as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, and in an amount
equal to the appraised value, with such sureties
as the said assessor shall deem good and sufficient,
to abide the final order, decree, or judgment of
the court having cognizance of the case, and to
pay the amount of said appraised value to the
collector, marshal, or otherwise, as he may be
ordered and directed by the court, which bond
shall be filed by said assessor with the Commis-
