2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman mean to say that this company, with its
stock at twenty per cent, premium, comes here
beting for relief?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I understand that
this stock is held largely by minors and widows
ami-orphans, who are dependent for support en-
tirely upon its dividends, and I think I might
men i ion many western railroads of which the gen-
tleman may know something whose stocks are
held above their real value.
'Mr. BAXTER. Whatdividends has the com-
pany made?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. It has already
been stated by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr,Patterson] that the company, taking
their outlayand receipts from the beginning, have
made on the average a little over seven per cent.
1 believe that to be true; butforthe lastsix months
they have made no dividend and they could make
none. They are now in debt for the very coal
which they have provided for the use of the Gov-
ernment and the city for the l<ist sis months.
Mr. BAXTER. What is the reserve capital of
the company ?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I do not know,
nor do I care. If the gentleman means surplus,
they have r\ot a dollar.
Mr. BEAMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if the dividend of seven per cent, was not made
after the improvement of the mains?
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I suppose the fact
to be thin, that the parties wh<5 originally owned
this siock years ago did make money on the con-
struction of the woik, but, that is no reason why
the piesent innocent holders of the stock should
he losers. I have very great respect for the in-
tegrity ofevery member of this House, but I doubt
very much if any gentleman here would have
been conscientiously unwilling to make money
under such circumstances. Certainly I should
not, and I am honest enough to own it. I believe
that every man who has enterprise enough to go
into these investments and spend his capital and*
money in thrm should receive a fair remuneia-
tion. But that has nothing to do with the present
case.
But, Mr. Speaker, [ cannot take up the time of
the House hy going into further details on thus
matter. 1 undertake only to say that the costof
coal to-duy is such that the company cannot pay
for it with the puce which it receives for gas,
without any reference to interest, incidental ex-
penses, insurance, taxes, or any thing of that kind.
1 may also allude to the fact that m the making
of gas theie is a large quantity of lime used, the
piiee of whteh lias also gone up very high.
I will point the House now to a significant
fact as indicating what is true in regard to gas
companies all over the country. I see in the Syr-
acuse Journal of the 1st of June, 1864, a notice
that the price of gas has been laised iheie by the
action of the common council —which has the con-
trol of the company there in respect to price—from
$2 50 per thousand feet to $4 10. In the city of
Uliea the price is raised to §4 20. And yet the
price ofcoal in the city of Uitea is only $8 50 per
ton, and in the city of Syracuse $8 per ton, or
about that; and these prices will be increased if
the costof material and labor shall continue to
advance.
This state of things exists all over the country.
It could not be otherwise in these times of inflated
currency. Every thing is now enhanced in puce.
We pay our laboreis more. We pay our set van is
more. We pay more for every thing that we eat,
drink, and wear. And it is rightthat we should.
And yet it is sought to defeat the meritorious ap-
plication of this company, because two or three
years ago, when coal was lower, when labor was
cheaper, when everything cost less, gas could be
profitably supplied here at less rates than the
Government authorized to be charged.
The sole purpose of this bill, Mr. Speaker, is
to allow tlus company to charge a reasonable in-
crease in the price of gas. It receives now from
ordinary consumers $2 70 per thousand feet, and
from the Government^ 52. This bill authorizes
it to charge the Government $2 89, and to charge
private consumers $3, which is $110 less per thou-
sand feet than is charged in the city of Syracuse,
and&l 20 less than is chaigedin the city of Utica,
and. less by like amounts than is charged in other
cities throughout the country.
There is another consideration which the House
should bear in mind. Washington has been aptly
styled " the city of magnificent distances." We
all know how much space there is in it unoccupied
by houses, and we also know that the profits of
gas companies depend largely upon the number
of tenements furnished with gas upon a given
length of main. This company has extended its
mains from the navy-yard to the city of George-
town. Members know very well how much of
the intervening space is unoccupied by dwellings.
All over the city it has laid fifty-seven miles of
mains. The consumers of gas in this city do not
average, per mile of main, one fourth of the aver-
age of other cities. I am simply desirous of hav-
ing justice and equity done to this company,
nothing more. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill and amendments be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill and amend-
ments were laid on the table; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the National Insurance
Company of Washington; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
FJ311UY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. WHEELER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
186) to incorporate the Baltimore and Washing-
ton Depot and Potomac Ferry Railway Company.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Michigan, (at twenty-five minutes past four
o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 9, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
William Pierce, ui San Francisco, California,
praying for an issue to him of duplicate bonds m
place of four Oregon war bonds alleged to have
been lost by the burning of the steamer Golden
Gate on the 27th of July, 1862; which was re-
ferral to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of importing mer-
chants of New York, praying for the imposition
of a duty of fifteen per cent, ad valorem on mer-
chandise of countries beyond the Cape of Good
Hope, when impoited into'the United States from
countries this side of the Cape of Good Hope, and
that raw silk may no longer be excepted from
such duty; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying for the passage of
the bill (II. R. No. 276) to secure to persons m
the military and naval service of the United
States homesteads on confiscated or forfeited es-
tates in insuriectionary districts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POWELL presented a memorial of chiefs
of the Wyandott tribe of Indians,remonstrating
against the allowance of a claim in favor of
Ahclan Guthrie against the Shawnee Indians;
which was refeireu to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a communication
from the Secretary of Statu, addressed to him as
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, rel-
ative to telegraphic communication between the
' eastern and western continents; which was or-
dered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 134)
to repeal all acts granting allowances or bounties
on the tonnage of vessels engaged in die Bank or
other cod fisheries, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memorial
of Perry McDonough Collins, reported a bi!i(S.
No. 302) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication between the eastern and western
continents; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
He also,wfrom the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R.No. 477) to abolish the
collection districts of Cape Perpetua and'Port
Orford, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill (H.R.
No. 149) concerning certain school lands in town-
ship forty-five north, range seven east, in the State
of Missouri, reported it without amendment.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 486) to amend an act entitled 44 An act to
provide a temporary government for the Territory
of Idaho," approved March 3, 1863, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
of the House of Representatives disagreeing to
the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 40) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1865,, and ask-
ing a further conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate furtherinsistupon Us amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and upon its disagreement to the amendment
of the House to the thiity-first amendment of the Senate
to the said bill, and that it agree to the further conteience
aiked by the House on the disagreeing votPs of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Trumbull, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Van Winkle.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 129) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the corporation of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to lay and collect a
water tax, and for other purposes," approved
May 21, 1862; and
A bill (No. 285) to regulate the veto power in
the Territory of Washington.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 186) to incorporate the Baltimore
and Washington Depot and Potomac Ferry Rail-
way Company;
A bill (No. 364) authorizing and requiring the
opening of Sixth street west;
A bill (No. 434) to authorize the bailiff of the
orphan's court, in the county of Washington, and
District of Columbia, to serve processes issued
by said court, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 495) to amend the charter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
ami
A joint resolution (No. 89) as to sewerage and
drainage in the city of Washington.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 422) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 48T) to provide for theexe-
cution of treaties between the United States and
foreign nations respecting consular jurisdiction
over the crews of vessels of such foreign nations
in the waters and ports of the United States.
WAGON ROADS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to postpone ail other orders and
