214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3d",
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sioner of Internal Revenue. But if said owner
shall neglect or refuse to a;ive said bond, the as-
sessor shall issue to the collector or marshal afore-
said an order to sell the same; and the said col-
lector or marshal shall thereupon advertise and
sell the said property at public auction in the'
same manner as goods may be sold on final ex-
ecution in said district; and the proceeds of the
sale, after deducting the reasonable costs of the
seizure and sale, shall be paid to the court afore-
said , to abide its final order, decree, orjudgment.
Sec. 49. And be it further enacted, That all the
provisions hereinafter made for the delivery of
returns,-lists, statements, and valuations, and for
additions to the duty in case of false or fraudu-
lent lists or returns, or in case of undervaluation
or Understatement on lists or returns, or in case
of Refusal or neglect to deliver lists or returns,
and for the imposition of fines, penalties, and for-
feitures, shall be held and taken to apply to all
persons, associations, corporations, or companies
liable to pay duty or tax; and any additions to
duties, fines, penalties, or forfeitures hereinafter
imposed for failure to perform any duty required
to be peiformed, shall be held and taken to be
additional to those hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 50. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the act entitled " An act further to
provide for the collection of duties on imports,"
approved March second, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-three, now in force, shall be
taken and deemed as extending to and embracing
all cases arising under the laws for the collection
of internal duties, stampduties,licenses,or taxes,
which have been, or may be hereafter, enacted;
and all persons duly authorized to assess, receive,
or collect such duties or taxes under such laws
are hereby declared to be, and to have been,
revenue officers within the true intent and mean-
ing of the said act, and entitled to all the exemp-
tions, immunities, benefits, rights, and privileges
therein enumerated or conferred.
Sec, 51. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the sixteenth section of the act ap-
proved August sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, entitled " An act to provide for the better
organization of the Treasury, and for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue," are hereby applied to, and
shall be construed to include, all officers of the
internal revenue, charged with the safe-keeping,
transfer, or disbursement of the public moneys
arising therefrom, and to all other persons hav-
ing actual charge, custody, or control of moneys
or accounts arising from the administration of the
internal revenue.
Sec. 52. [And be it further enacted,] That all"
assessors and their assistants, all collectors and
their deputies, and all innpectors, are hereby au-
thorized to administer oatha and take evidence
touching any part of the administration of this
law with which they are respectively charged,
and where such oatha and evidence are by law
authorized to be taken; and any perjury therein
shall be punished in the like manner, and to the
same degree, as in the case of perjury committed
in proceedings in the courts of the United States.
spirits, ale, beer, akd porter.
Sec. 53. And be. it further enacted, That any
person required by law to be licensed as a dis-
tiller, shall, in addition to what is required by I
other provisions of law, make an application I
therefor to the asnessor of the district, and before i
the same ts issued the person so applying shall
give bond to tha United States, in such sum as
shall be required by the collector, and with one
or more sureties, to be approved by said collect-
or, conditioned that in case any additional still
"or stills, or other implements to be used as afore-
said, shall be erected by him, his agent or super-
intendent, he will, before using, or causing, or
permitting the same to be used, report in writing
to the said assessor the capacity thereof, and in-
formation from time to time of any change in the
form, capacity, ownership, agency, or superin-
tendence, which all or either of the said stills or
other implements may undergo, and that he will
from day to day enter, or cause to be entered, in
a'book to be kept for that purpose, the number
of gallons of spirits that may be distilled by said
still or stills, or other implements, and also of the
quantities of grain or other vegetable productions,
or other substances put into the mash-tub, or
otherwise used by him, his agent or superintend-
ent, for the purpose of producing spirits; and said
book shall be open at all times during the day
(Sundays excepted) to the inspection of the said
assessor, assistant assessor, collector, deputy col-
lector, or inspector, who may make any memo-
randums or transcripts therefrom; and also that
he will render to the said assessor or assistant
assessor, on the first, eleventh, and twenty-first
days of each and every month, or within five days
thereafter, during the continuance ofsaid license,
an exact account in writing, of the number of gal-
lons of spirits distilled, and also of the number of
gallons placed in warehouse and the number sold
or removed for consumption or sale by him, his
agent or superintendent, and the proof thereof,
and also of the quantities of grain or other vege-
table productions, or other substances, put into
the mash-tub, or otherwise used by him, his
agent or superintendent, for the purpose of pro-
ducing spirits, for the period or fractional part of
a month then next preceding the date of said re-
port, which said report shall be verified by affidavit
in the manner prescribed bylaw; that he will not
sell or permit to be sold, or removed for consump-
tion or sale, any spirits distilled by him under
and by virtue of his said license, until the same
shall have been inspected, gauged, and proved,
and the quantity thereof duly entered upon his
books as aforesaid; and that he will, at the time
of rendering said account, pay to the said col-
lector, or his deputy, the duties which by law are
imposed on the spirits so distilled. And the said
bond may be renewed or changed from time to
time, in regard to the amount and sureties thereof,
according: to the discretion of the collector.
Sec. 54. And be it further enacted, That the
application in writing made by any person for a
liccnse, for distilling as aforesaid, shall state the
place of distilling:, the number and capacity of the
still or stills, boiler or boilers, and the name of
the person, firm, company, or corporation using
the same; and any person making a false state-
ment in either of the said particulars shall forfeit
and pay the sum of one hundred dollars, to be
recovered with costs of suit.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted) That in ad-
dition to the duties payable for licenses herein
provided, there shall be levied, collected,and paid
on all spirits that may be distilled and sold,ordis-
tilled and removed for consumption or sale, of
first proof, on and after the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and prior to
the first day of February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, a duty of one dollar and fifty cents on
each and every gallon; and on and after Febru-
ary first, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, a duty
of two dollars on each and every gallon. And all
spit its which may be in the possession of the dis-
tiller, or in public store or bonded warehouse, on
either the first day of July or February aforesaid,
no duty having been paid thereon, shall be held
and treated as if distilled on those days respect-
ively, and said duty shall be paid by the owner,
agent, or superintendent of the still or other ves-
sel in which the said spirits shall have been dis-
tilled, within five days after the time of render-
ing the accounts of spirits so chargeable with
duty, required to be rendered by law. And the
said duties shall be a hen on the distillery used
for distilling the same, with the stills, vessels, fix-
tures, and tools therein, and on the lot or tract
of land whereon the said distillery is situated,
until the said duty shall be paid: Provided, That
the duty on all spirits shall be collected at no
lower rate than the basis of first proof, and shall
be increased in proportion for any greater strength
than the strength of first proof: Provided further,
Tnat any person who shall distill spirits and use
the same m the manufacture of any other article,
without having taken out a license and paid such
duties as are prescribed by law in relation thereto,
shall, in addition to all other penalties and forfeit-
ures, be liable to pay one hundred per centum
additional duties thereon.
Sec. 56. And be it further enacted. That the
term first proof used in this act and in the laws
of the United States shall be construed, and is
hereby declared to mean, that proof of a liquor
which corresponds to fifty degrees of Tralle's
centesimal hydrometer, adopted by regulation
of the Treasury Department, of August twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty, at the temperature of
sixty degrees Fahrenheit's thermometer. And
in levying duties on liquors above and below
proof, the table contained in the Manual for
Inspectors of Spirits, prepared by Professor Mc-
Culloch, under the superintendency of Professor •
Bache, and adopted by the Treasury Department,
shall be used and taken $s giving the propor-
tions of absolute alcohol in the liquids gauged
and proved according to which duties shall be
levied, until otherwise ordered by the Secietary
of the Treasury, who is hereby authorized to
adopt such hydrometers and prescribe such rules
and regulations as he may deem necessary to in-
sure a uniform system of inspection and gauging
of spirits subject to duties throughout the United
States.
Sec. 57. And be it further enacted. That every
person who shall be the owner of any still, boiler,
or other vessel, used, or intended to be used, for
the purpose of distilling spirituous liquors, a?
hereinbefore provided, or who shall have such
still, boiler, or other vesselunder his superintend-
ence, either as agent for the owner or on his own
account; and every person who shall use any
fetill, boiler, or other vessel, as aforesaid, either
as owner, agent, or otherwise, shall, from day to
day, make true and exact entry, or cause to be
entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, the
number of gallons of spirits distilled, and also
the number of gallons placed in warehouse, and
also the number sold, or removed for consump-
tion or sale, and the proof thereof; which book
shall always be open in the daytime, (Sundays
excepted) for the inspection of the said assessor,
assistant assessor, collector, deputy collector, or
inspector, who may take any minutes, memoran-
dums, or transcripts thereof; and shall render to
said assessor or assistant assessor, 6n the first,-
eleventh, and twenty-first days of each and every
month in each year, or within five days there-
after, an account in duplicate, taken from his
books, of the number of gallons of spirits dis-
tilled, and also the number of gallons sold, or re-
moved for consumption or sale, and the proof
thereof, not before accounted for; and shall also
keep a book, or books, in a form to be pre&cribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and to be
open at all seasonable hours for inspection by the-
assessor, assistant assessor, collector, deputy col-
lector, or inspector of the district, wherein shall
be entered, from day to day, the quantities of
grain, or other vegetable productions, or other
substances put into the mash-tub by him, his*
age'nt or superintendent, for the purpose of pro-
ducing spirits; and shall verify, or causc to be
verified, the said entries, reports, books, and ac-
counts, by oath or affirmation, to betaken before
the assessor or assistant assessor, or other com-
petent ofiicer, according to the form required by
law, and shall immediately forward to the col-
lector of the district one of the said duplicate
accounts, duly verified, as aforesaid; and shall
also pay to the collector the duties on the spirits
so distilled and sold, orremoved for consumption
or sale, and in said accounts mentioned at the
time of rendering the duplicate account there-
of: Provided, That distillers who distill or manu-
facture less than one hundred und fifty barrels
of spirits per year may make returns and pay
duties on the first day of each and every month
in lieu of the first, eleventh, and twenty-first
days of the month, and furnish bonds correspond-
ingly, anything to the contrary notwithstanding:
And provided further, That brandy distilled from
grapes shall pay a tax of twenty-five cents per
gallon.
Sec. 58. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in every collection district where the same
may be necessary , one or more inspectors of spir-
its, refined coal-oil, or other oil-, tobacco, cigars,
and other articles, who shall take an oath faith-
fully to perform their duties, in such form as the
Comrniseionerof Internal Resrcnue shall prescribe,
and who shall be entitled to receive such fees as
may be fixed and prescribed by said Commis-
sioner, to be paid by the owner or manufacturer
of the articles inspected, gauged, or proved. And
any manufacturer of spirits, refined coal-oil, or
