1864.
THE CON(irKESSI ONAL G LOBE.
1848
tana is concerned, f care but very little in which
form the bill shall pass, whether m the form pro-
posed^ by the Senator fiom.Minnesota or m the
form proposed by the Committee on Territoues
of the House, sanctioned by that House and sanc-
tioned by the committee of this body, but, sir,
that against which I enter my most earnest pro-
test is the raising of this new issue, in form or in
substance, out of this controversy between the
two Houses; against throwing that issue, at this
time and m the piesent state of ihp county,as a
new element to inflame and imbitter the great con-
troversy to come off in the ensuing presidential
election; I mean the issue of negro suffrage. Al-
though perhaps in the form of the words employed
this ls-me is not necessarily involved, yet it is so
generally undeistood throughout the country by
the press and by the people.
FiOm my friendship and my high respect for
the honorable member from Minnesota, 1 have
every reason to know that he was actuated only
by the highest and most patriotic considerations;
but with all my respect for hnn 1 must be per-
mitted iu uay that, m my judgment, he has raised
an in;%ur umieccssaiily—an issue which, if it be
persisted in, will of necessity be involved in and
would con'iol the result of the coming presiden-
tial contest. I say this issue is altogether unne-
cessary. So fat as it attempts to establish negro j
suft'i .ige in the Territory of Montana, it is wholly
nnpiaeiieuMe; for I now repeat what 1 said the p
othei day, there is not one single person of Aft i-
can descent known to be within that Territory.
i know my uiend from Minnesota, on infoiniation
leieiwd liom a gentleman by the name of Lang-
fbrd, long a t e*id< nt of that Tei ntoi y, said ill ere
WH": one pel son <>f Aft ica n descent tbei e, and he
wa^ '.voi ih *,50,00d. Mr. Langfoid happened to
be in the gallery when that statement was made
by the honorable Senator from Minnesota. lie at
once sent his card to an honorable member upon
this floor, sought an introduction, and informed
hnn that there was, it is true, at one time one per-
son t f Ai.iean descent in that Territory, and he
was tlie fortunate discoverer of a mine estimated
by some to be wnrfh $50,000; but that he is dead,
and now there is nut one single person of African
descent m the propo^d Tei ritory of Montana.
I repeat, therefore, so far as concerns the exten-
sion of suffrage to persons of African descent,
this proposition is the merest abstraction in the
world.
Bat there are other persons in that Territory,
olh< r colored men, men of Indian descent, who
under tins amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota might, i do not say they piacticaliy would,
but. miijlit be embraced within its piousions.
There ni", perhaps, five thousand persons of In-
dian descent within tins proposed Territory. Un- jj
der the pumsnms of the Senate amendment it jj
might oecui that these Ind.ans would declare their |:
intention to become citizens of the United States, I1
and thereby become entitled to the. right of suf- jj
fragewitbm this Ten itory. I do not say 1 think
they wouid, or that it is probable they would, but j
they nn<rht. !r
Mr. WILKINSON. With the Senators per- j
mission, S wish to ask him if Indians can become '
citizens of the United States under our naturals- j
zation laws by complying with the provisions, by j
ieciaiinsr their intention and taking the oath, &c. :
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is a disputed ques-
tion of law, upon which persons take different
4ides, a5? they do a'oout the Chmese, the Malays,
and all the red and yellow races; Chancellor Kent, !
if I lecolleet aiight, taking the ground that they I
are not capable of becoming naturalized. I will j
not enter into its discussion now. But this
thing, which although not probable is neverthe-
less possible, might actually take place within
this Territory. The history of what occurred
in the State of Minnesota, m one of its far-off
election districts, at Pembina, ought to warn us
of what mi<;ht possibly occur, under the lead of
designing demagogues, who, to carry an election,
uso any uieans,"light or wrong, in their power.
By the cons-itutmn of Minnesota, while negroes jj
and persona of Afi ican descentare excluded from !
the n<'ht of «u{fi-.-e,e, Indians who have adopted
the habits of civilized life are permitted to exer-
cise that right. At the first election in that new
State, at the Pembina district, it is said not only
Indians who had adopted the habits of civilized
life, but wild blankeUndiariM of ike woods, were
led to the polls, to exercise the right of suffrage
under the manipulation of these demagogues. It
was a very simple opeiation for those designing
men, with a few suits of clothes, hats, coats, and
pants, and plenty of whisky and tobacco, to strip
the wiid Indian of his blanket, clothe him in the
habiliments and addict him to some of the habits
of civilized life, and to bi ing him thus arrayed and
addicted forward ta the polls to deposit his baliot,
to return again to the woods to exchange his civil-
ized costume for the savage costume of another
wild Indian, to be led to the polls to repeat the
same operation.
Now, I do not undertake to say that in my opin-
ion such a thing would occur in the Territory of
Montana; but inasmuch as it did once occur in
the State of Minnesota, I say that it might occur
even in the Territory of Montana if there was a
fiercely contested election in which great interest
was felt by those who without scruple sometimes
undertake to carry an election by any means, fair
or foul.-
So far, then, as this amendment of the Senate
extends any right of suffrage to persons of Af-
rican descent m the Terntory of Montana, it is
a mere abstraction, and in whichever form the
bill shall pass it will have no effect whatever in
the Tenuoty. The question then perhaps may
be asked, "Why do you oppose the assertion of
an abstraction, or the raising of an abstract issue,
which can have no application?" 1 answer, be-
cause all lnstoiy teaches us that upon more ab-
stractions, which have no practical application,
sometimes the fiercest and most bitter controver-
sies arise, whether in the religions, the political, or
even in the scientific world. Whohas forgotten
that it was the assertion of an abstrnchon in the
change of the sound of a .single vowel in one Greek
word, w hetlu r it should be pronounced l> flu-
moousiou " or " llomoiouf,io)ii1i the shade of differ-
ence between just like and almost like, that divided
the religious won'd, produced a controversy Im-
ages, and sometimes bathed ifs sacml altars in
human blood? Who has forgotten that it was
theasseition by Mi. Caihounol theabsuactprop-
osition, "Slavery ts a bles.sing," 45 Siavei y is a
divine institution," which has been the cause of
this very war in which we are now engaged?
Philosophically speaking, it was this dogma of
his, asserted, persisted in, canied into and tri-
umphing at last in the school*, the press, the
legislative hall? of the South., which made slavery
aggressive, and at last forced noon Congress, upon
tlie President, and upon the Supieme Court that
policy and those measures which have launched
us upon a sua of troubles and plunged on i beloved
country into this terrible struggle of blood, agony,
and tears.
Following his dogma came (heassertion in the
Dred Scott decision of the absttact tight to take
slaves into all the Territories of the Union. The
asset tion of the saun* abstract right to take slaves
into the Territory repealed the Missouri compro-
mise, the blow winch opened tins civil stiile,in
my judgment, tin1 iuinudiaic cause o! thiswai,
the lata! tcmpfei which, en t<*i i ng into our pi act -
ful paradise, biought " d< ath and all our woe."
Mr. Piesident, you wilt undeisuiui me. I do
not propose to enter upon the discussion of the
question of the piopriety of negro suffrage; not
at all. I propose to show that now is no tune to
raise that question or to discuss it. 1 will only
saythat,in my judgment, this question properly
belongs to the Spates.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Wisconsin, I move
that the Senate take a recess for half an hour. It
is evident there is noi a quorum here at this
moment.
[The passage of General Burnside's Army corps
at this time in the street inter i uptud pioceedmgs.]
The motion was agreed to; a,id at the expira-
tion of the time the Senate was again called to
order, and resumed the consideration of the Mon-
tana bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I said that
I did not intend to enter upon the discussion ot
the question of the propriety of negro suiuage.
1 can veiy well understand how it is thai in the
New England States, where there are very few
persons of African descent; where they arc gen-
erally educated or tolerably well educated; where,
from their modes ot life and association With the
rtjost thiifty and intelligent people iu the worlu,
they become entirely competent to discharge the"
duties of electors, the people of New England
under those circumstances can, and do, and may
very ptoperly extend the right of suffrage to per-
sons of African descent. In the State of New
York, where there are more persons of this <ie-
sciiption, I can very well understand how the
people of that State do and properly may, in their
organic law, give the right of suffrage to this class
of people^vuh a qualification. The constitution
of N ew York, therefore, requires such a property
qualification as shall demonstrate their compe-
tency, at least, to take caro of themselves. It re-
quires them to be worth the sum of $250. When
you come to the State of Pennsylvania, where
there is a still larger number of these people, I
can also very well understand why it is the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania in their constitution may
think proper to exclude from the light of suffrage
this class of persons altogether. So, too, in the
State of New Jersey. In the State of Ohio—and
Ohio is certainly to be regarded as one of the most
earnest of all the Republican States, devoted to
the maintenance of the Republic and to the cause
of human liberty—the constitution restricts tho
right of suffrage to white male citizens. I read
the language of the constitution of Ohio; " Every
white male citizen of the United States of the age
of twenty-one years, who shall have been a resi-
dent of the State one year next preceding the
election,'5 &c., " shall be entitled to exercise the
right of suffrage;'5 and under this provision it has
been decided in that State that the offspring of a
white man and a half-breed Indian woman is on-
titled to vote. Being more than one half white
entitles him to the privilege of this constitutional
amendment.
In the State of Indiana the constitution and laws
are still ntyie sti mgentagainst extending the i ight
of suffrage to persons of African descent; while
in the great State of Illinois, one of the greatest
among the great States of the Went, in the adop-
tion of a new constitution not long since, the peo-
ple by a most overwhelming majority decided
against the extension of the right of suffrage to
'persons of African descent.
In the great State of New York, where this ques-
tion was submitted by itself, distinctly uncon-
nected with any paity or any othei question, the
question of the extension of universal negro suf-
frage pure and simple, the people, of that State by
a majority of one hundred and ninety thousand
decided against extending it beyond what it now
is in the constitution .of that State with its quali-
ficatio n.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me
to ask hnn when that was?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. About 1842 or 1843, I
think.
Mr. MORRILL. Was that on an amendment
of the constitution ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question was sub-
mitted distinctly by itself on a proposed amend-
ment of the constitution.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator must be aware
that by the fust constitution of the State of New
Yoi k there was no distinction on account of color.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. It was since the constitu-
tion ofltfJl; in the constitution adopted about 
Mr. MORGAN-. 1846.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. About 1846. I remember
it vei y well, for 1 was then a resident of the State
of New York.
Now, Mr. President, how is it with the free
State of West Virginn, with a constitution re-
cently adopted, a State which has given freedom
to all persons of African descent? , By a consti-
tutional provision of that State they restrict the
right of suiiVage to white male citizens, in Wis-
ensm, where there aie much fewer persons of
tins description than there are m the States bor-
dering on the Oil 10 nver, and where our people
wouid have much leys objection to the extension
of the right of suffrage than they would in many
of these other tSuuos, colored peisons are not al-
lowed to vote, In our State the question has been
twice submitted, and twice have the people voted
against it by large and decisive majorities: and
yet the State of Wisconsin itself would have less
repugnance and opposition to the adoption of such
a measure than many of the other States.
If the question were submitted to me in any
given State, for instance in the State of Wiscon-
sin, if I were there and the question were sub-
