1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
mitted to me, and I was called upon to vote on
it, without now discussing the propriety of voting
for or against the extension of negro suffrage in
the State of Wisconsin, I could very properly
and very consistently vote for if. In the State of
New York, when the question was up and dis-
cussed as a practical question addressed to the
citizens of New York, I did vole for it as a citi-
zen of that State. But, sir, that is not^he ques-
tion at all. The question is, shall we now raise this
new issue ; shall we put this among other issues
into the great contest which is immediately before
us? [" Never !" from the galleries. 1
Mr. SUMNER. Order! order!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not say the time
will never come when this race, to which per-
gonal freedom is, as I believe, surely coming, as |
the result of this war, and by that amendment of I
the Constitution of theUmted States which I trust j
in God two thirds of Congress and the people of ;
three fourths of the States arc about to adopt, may
be educated up to the point where it would be
proper to extend to theni the right of sutfivtgo in all
the States; but that time has not yet come, in those
States where the shackles of slavery are just j
struck off from hundreds and thousands of these
persons, we must wait the development of events
and time; wait till they have exercised and en-
joyed their freedom; wait until they shall have
sho'wn themselves capable of discharging the
duties and bearing the responsibilities of good
citizens before we declare in favor of any 'such
proposition; and, besides, this question must be
passed upon by each State for itself. If there
be one right which belongs to a State in its ca-
pacity as an independent State in this Union, it
is Us right to prescribe the qualification of its
own electors; of those who have the right to cast
its suffrages. The time may come when the
States muy properly enact laws providing that
persons of African descent who shall have faith-
fully served in the armies of the country, and
fought (he battles of the Union, and shown them-
selves to be good soldiers, may be entitled to the
enjoyment of this right. The time may come
when, before Home competent court or tribunal,
persons of African descent maybe permitted, on
showing themselves sufficiently well educated, or
that for a given number of years ns heads of
families they have supported themselves and
taken care of their families, or, upon some other
proper terms, may be admitted to the right of
suffrage. I will not say these things will not
come, nor can I say how soon they shall come.
It has not yet come; at all events, it is my sol-
emn belief that of all things the most unwise we
could now enter upon is for the Congress, <*om-
posed of members and Senator;* representing
States and districts a large majority of whose
people in their constitutions deny the right of
negro suffrage within their own States, to pass
a law here, or in any other form to declare and
to extend to negroes the right of suffrage in the
Territories of the United States, or in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, or wherever wc have power to
legislate.
Sir, we have upon our hands issues enough.
The single issue of this great war is enough. It {
is all the human mind can grasp, and more than •
ii>ny yet have been able to resolve. This gigantic |
struggle is to determine whether republican gov- !
ernment shall live or die; whether a constitutional ,
form of government, resting upon the people for '
its support, can be maintained, or must perish I
forev' r; whether the union of these States is to
be continued or broken; whether we aie to main-
tain our own rights and liberties as fV« e citizens i
of tiiih gt eat Republic under the Constitution of .
the United Suites, or sutcumb to rebellion, con- ■
spitacy, and military despotism. From the course
of events, from miliary necessity in the prosccu- ■
tion of this war, and, us it seems to me—- [ say '
it with reverence—by providential dispensation, ■
the existen'e of slavery has become invo'ved m >
this contest. The prosecution of this war to a 1
final triumph on ihe part of the United Siaits will !
of net I'ssity d« sfroy ?>l iv«-ry within nil those States i
in ibf'eiiio,! against Goveimmnt. These is-
suer <u'- huge eu. ugb and btoad enough to de-
mand all out time mid all our energies, all our
means, our whole might, mind, and strength to
accomplish that great purpose.
What vis the state of the country? We are
engaged in a war which has no parallel in human I
history. This whole countr y, fi orn Maine to the :
Rio Grande, trembles under the tread of armed !
men. One of our great corps d,armee) under Gen- j
era! Burnsid^, is this moment passing through the ]
streets of Washington, marching across the Po-
tomac to engage m the greatest battle this con-
tinent or the world has seen for two generations;
and on the result of which, perhaps, hang not
only the hopes of this Republic, but the hopes of
the world.
We are gathering our forces from the East and
from the West; we are massing our strength;
we are pouring out our men, our blood, our treas-
ure like water; not only all our own treasure, all
we of this generation have and ail we hope to
ha-ve, but we are mortgaging in advance the prop-
erty and the earnings of generations to come after
us, to raise the means necessary to sustain our
cause and win the decisive victory.
Our country at, this hour is bleeding at every
pore; every household wears the drapery of
mourning; griefsusan unwelcome visitoratevery
fireside; an unbidden guest fills the vacant chair
at every family table, and, by the side of the
mourning widow or mother, bends, in anguish,
deep and unutterable, at every family altar. Sir,
some of us have been made to drink of this bitter
cup; there are some, like my honorable friend
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] and myself, who
have been compelled to look into the graves of
our sons, fallen a sacrifice to put down this unholy
rebellion. And, sir, we have been made to feel,
in our inmost souls, what our judgments clearly
see, that the great issue of this people and specially
of this present time, and before which all others
should give place, is an issue of arms—whether
wo shall have success or whether we shall fail in
crushing the military power of the rebellion.
Shall the Republic live or die? We not only
know but we are made to feel that if we do not
succeed in maintaining this Government and
putting down this rebellion—and that can only
be done by force of arms—our sons have been
saculieed in vain. But if we shall succeed, as,
with the blessing of Providence, I hope andtiust
we may; if we shall be permitted to see that
standard, under which they entered the service,
float once more in triumph, with not one star ob-
scured nor one stripe erased, over every inch of
the soil of every State and Territory of the United
States, we can then say to our struggling hearts,
; " Peace, be still! though our sons have fallen our
j country lives."
I We know, we feel, that in war as in religion
| and in evety other gieat department of life, there
i is, and theie can be, but one great, all-absorbing,
contioiling issue to be decided at the same time.
We are told m holy wi it, " Seek first the kingdom
( of heaven and its righteousness, and all other
! tilings shall b<i added unto youAnd in this war
; of our country for its very life, we should seek
| first, last, and all the time to do nothing, to en-
: gage m nothing, to say nothing but that which
' gives force to our armies, or raises the money to
' sustain them. When this war is past; \\ hen peace
shall smile once more m beauty all around us;
: when there is no more blood to be shed; when there
aie no more sons to be saciificed upon the altar,
then, if you will, open this Senate Chamber to be-
come a debatrng-school for all the abstractions
| you pleas^.
i .Mr. President, as [ have said already,from my
J respect for my honorable frit nd from Minnesota,
■ 1 feel sure that in all his acts heie he is guided
; only by the highest and most patriotic motives.
:Uutt t the same tune 1 cannot refrain from ex-
press! mr mv deep r> grct: hat an issue should have
t" i n laiM-d at this time, or should appear to have
been raised at this moment before the people of
i the country upon this distracting question of
! riegr o suffi Jig';.
i In God's name let us first save the Union; let
! us crush tht; rebellion: let us give freedom to
j (he ii'-groes as the riec<-s--:ary result of the pto.-5e-
1 cution of tliis war, and secure it by constitutional
j amendment. But iet us postpone the discussion
i and action upon tins and ail other issues, which
' can only serve to distract, divide, and weaken the
ji energies of the loyal people in this great struggle.
I! For mys'dt i would so conduct ouraflaiis, if it
were within' my.power, that the whole people of
the free Suites, loyal States, m this contioversy,
should stand together as one man, shoulder to
shoulder, speaking but one voice, breathing but
one sentiment, their hearts pulsating with one
wish, that is, to save the Government, crush the
rebellion, and trample the slave confederacy in
pieces.
But what else do we see? I do not hold the
Senator from Minnesota solfly responsible. This
is but one measure of a whole class of measures
tending to raise the question of negro social as
well as political equality. Ofmy honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] I have some-
times thought in my heart I had some right to
complain, not personally of him, but of prop-
ositions that he is disposed to bring forward
from time to time, that to me seem to have no
bearing whatever on the great issue, and tend
to nothing else but to distract the public mind
and divide the hearts and energies of loyal men.
Upon any other subject but the negro question
my honorable friend can appreciate what T am
about to say, as well as I or any other Senator.
As an instance, we all know, and none better than
that Senator, how important it is for us to have
the moral support, sympathy, and if not the friend-
ship, at least the strict neutrality of foreign Gov-r
ernments in this struggle, if we can retain them
legitimately and honorably. At all events, he
knows as well as I how disastrous it would be for
us to raise an issue now with England or France
which might lead them to recognize the confed-
eracy, much more should they enter into an al-
liance with the confederacy and take sides against
us. Pie would go, i know, very far to prevent
any such thing as that; but let me say to my hon-
orable friend that, in my judgment, and before high
Heaven, I declare it would be of much more con-
sequence to us if we could make the whole peo-
ple of New York, of Pennsylvania, of the great
West, and of all the loyal States, unanimously
sustain the Union cause, shake hands together,
and declare," We will know nothing but the Union
and the vigorous prosecution of the war; and we
will say nothing, but fill the Treasury, fill the
ranks, and press on the columns until the last Hag
of the rebellion is put under our feet; we will have
no divisions in our ranks, no unnecessary contro-
versies, until this struggle is over; we will all
march together, shoulder to shoulder, and keep
step to the music of the Union." I say, and I
say it in all sincerity, that at this hour, if it were
in my power, 1 would give more to have the whole
people of the free States of this Union join with
us, hand in hand, in political action as well as in
arms, with no divided voice and no divided sen-
timent, in the support of this Government and to
crush the rebellion, than to have England and
France, one or both together, join us in the war
against the confederacy.
That is my conviction; and if I express myself
earnestly, warmly, strongly, gentlemen must not
misunderstand me. I do not speak in anger; it
is " more in soirow than in anger." I deplore
the raising of new issues which can only distract
and divide,and which, if persisted in, may throw
the power of the Government into the hands of
those who sympathize to a greater or less degree
with the rebellion itself.
In the great States whose voice is to control;
m the great States of Pennsylvania, New York,
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, m addition to all the
issues necessarily raised and which must be de-
cided, no other issue could be named or raised
which would tend«so much* to mllame the polit-
ical controversies of the times as to throw into
what is now already existing this additional issue
about negro suffrage. God knows we have ele-
ments of discord enough all around us, elements
bordering almost upon revolution m some of the
free States. Look which way you will, to New
Yoik or to Illinois, it sometimes breaks out m
open bloodshed and revolt. Let us rather allay
than stir up the excitements of the hour. We
have all we can deal with, all that we can master
in our present situation. If we unloose other
spirits of discord to run riot through all the free
States durrng this presidential election—itself the
greatest trial to which the American people has
ever yet been subjected—a presidential election
with a million of men in arms waging this gi-
gantic war, to throw other elements of bitterness
and strife into the canvass no man can see the
result. If these political witches from the regions
below "round about the cauldron go" and "in
the poisoned entrails throw/' they will make for
