1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
 
Laws of the United States.
38th Gong.... 1st
persons in said house or premises, without taking
out a separate license for such sale. The provis-
ions of this section shall not apply to judicial or
executive officers making auction sales by virtue
of any judgment or decree of any court, nor pub-
lic sales made by executors and administrators.
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted, That no
license hereinbefore provided for shall, if granted,
be held, or construed to exempt any person car-
rying on the trade, business,or profession speci-
fied in said license from any penalty or punish-
ment provided by the laws of any State for
carrying on such trade, business, or profession,
within such State, or in any manner to authorize
the commencement or continuance of such trade,
business, or profession, contrary to the laws of
such State, or in places prohibited by municipal
Jaw; nor shall any such license be held or con-
strued to prevent or prohibit any State from pla-
cing a duty or tax for State or other purposes on
any trade, business, or profession, for which a
license is lequired by this act; no[r] shall any
person carrying on any trade, business, or pro-
fession, for which a license 13 required by this act,
be exempted from procuring such license, orfrom
any penalty or punishment herein provided, by,
or inconsequence of, any State law either author-
izing or prohibiting such trade, business, or pro-
fession.
Sec. 79. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be paid annually for each license granted,
the sum herein stated, respectively. Any num-
ber of persons, except lawyers, conveyancers,
claim agents, physicians, surgeons, dentists, cat-
tle brokers, horse dealers,and peddlers, carrying
on such business in copartnership, may transact
such business at the place specified in their license,
and not otherwise, lhat is t.o say:
One. Bankers, using or employing a capital
not exceeding the sum of fifty thousand dollars,
shall pay one hundred ■dollars for each license;
when using or employing a capital exceeding fifty
thousand dollars, for every additional thousand
dollars in excess of fifty thousand dollars, two
dollars. Every person, firm, or company, and
every incorporated or other bank, having a place
of business where credits aro opened by the
deposit or collection of money or currency, sub-
ject to be paid or remitted upon draft, check, or
order, or where money is advanced or loaned
on stocks, bonds, bullion, bills of exchange, or
promissory notes, or where stocks, bonds, bul-
lion, bills of exchange, or promissory notes are
received for discount or sale, shall be regarded a
banker under this act: Provided, That any sav-
ings bank having no capital stock, and whose
business is confined to receiving deposits and
loaning the same for the benefit of its depositois,
and which does no other business of banking,
shall not be liable to pay for a license as a banker.
Two. Wholesale dealers, whose annual sales
do not exceed fifty thousand dollars, shall pay
fifty dollars for each license; and if exceeding fifty
thousand dollars, for every additional thousand
dollars in excess of fifty thousand dollars, one
dollar. Every person shall be regarded as a
wholesale dealer under this act whose business
it is to sell, or offer to sell, any goods, wares, or
merchandise of foreign or domestic production,
not including wines, spirits, or malt liquors,
whose annual sales excecd twenty-five thousand
dollars. And the license required by any whole-
saledealer shallnot be fora less amountthan his
sales for the previous year, unless lie has made
or proposes to make some change in his business
that will, in the judgment of the assessor or as-
sistant assessor, reduce the amount of his annual
sales; nor shall any license as a wholesale dealer
allow any such person to act as a commercial
broker: JProvided, That any license understated
may and shall be again assessed, and that no per-
son holding a license as a wholesale dealer m
liquors shall be requned to take an additional
license on account of the sale of other goods,
wares, or merchandise on the same premises.
Three. Retail dealers shall pay ten dollars for
each license. Every person whose business or
occupation it is to sell or offer for sale, any goods,
wares, or merchandise of foieign or domestic pro-
duction, not including spirits, wines, ale, beer,
or other malt liquors, and whose annual sates
excced one thousand, and do not exceed twenty-
five thousand dollars, shall be regarded as a retail
dealer under this act.
Pour. Wholesale dealers in liquors, whose
annual sales do not.exceed fifty thousand.doll'ars,
shall pay fifty dollars for each license; and if
exceeding fifty thousand dollars, for every addi-
tional one thousand dollars in excess of .fifty
thousand dollars, one dollar. Everyperson who
shall sell, or offer for sale, any distilled spiritss
fermented liquors, or winesof any kind, in quan-
tities of more than three gallons at one time to
the same purchaser, or whose annual sales, in-
cluding sales of other merchandise, shall exceed
twenty-five thousand dollars, shall be. regarded, a
wholesale dealer in liquors.
Five. Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty-
five dollars for each license. Every person who
shall sell or offer for sale foreign or,domestic
spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors in
quantities of three gallons or less, or whoum annual
sales, including all sales of other merchandise, do
not exceed twenty-five thousand dollars, shall be
regarded as a retail dealer in liquors under this
act. But nothing herein contained shall author-
ize the sale of any spirits, wines, or malt liquors
to be drank on the premises.
Six. Lottery-ticket dealers shall pay one hun-
dred dollars foreach license. Every person,asso-
ciation, firm, or corporation who shall make, sell,
or offer to sell lottery tickets, or fractional parts
thereof, or any token, certificate, or device repre-
senting, or intended to represent, a lottery ticket,
or any fractional part thereof, or any policy of
numbers in any lottery, or shall ma.nage any lot-
tery or prepare schemes of lotteries, or superin-
tend the drawing of any lottery, shall be deemed
a lottery-ticket dealer under this act.
Seven. Horse dealers shall pay foreach license
the sum of ten dollars. Any person whose busi-
ness it is to buy or sell horses or mules shall be
regarded a horse dealer under this act: Provided,
That one license having been paid, no additional
license shall be required of any horse dealer who
keeps a livery stable, nor of any livery stable
keeper who may also be a horse dealer.
Eight. Livery-stable keepers shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license. Any person whose busi-
ness it is to keep horses for lure, or to let, or to
keep, feed, or board horses for others, shall be
regarded as a livery-stable keeper under this act.
Nine. Brokers shall pay fifty dollars for each
license. Every person, firm, or company, except
such as hold a license as a banker, whose business
it is as a broker to negotiate purchases or sales
of stocks, exchange, bullion, coined money, bank
notes, promissory notes, or other securities, shall
be regarded as a broker, under this act, and shall
make oath or affirmation, according to the form
to be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, that all their transactions are made for
a commission: Provided, That any person hold-
ing a license as a banker shall not be required to
take out a license as a broker.
Ten. Pawnbrokers, usingor employing a cap-
ital of not exceeding fifty thousand dollars, shall
pay fifty dollars for each license, and when using
or employing a capital exceeding fifty thousand
dollars, for every additional thousand dollars in
excess of fifty thousand dollars, two dollars.
Every person whose business or occupation it is
to take or receive, by way of pledge, pawn, or
exchange, any goods, wares, or merchandise, or
any kind of personal property whatever, for the
repayment or security of money lent thereon,
shall be deemed a pawnbroker under this act.
Eleven. Land-warrant brokers shall pay twen-
ty-five dollars foreach license. Any person shall
be regarded as a land-warrant broker within the
meaning of this act wlio makes a business of buy-
ing and selling land waaants, or of furnishing
them to settlers or other persons.
Twelve. Cattle brokers, whose aunual salesdo
not exceed ten thousand dollars, shall pay for
each license the sum of ten dollars; and il'exceed-
ing ihe sum of ten thousand dollars, one dollar for
each--'additional thousand dollars. Any person
whose business it is to buy, or sell, or deal in cat-
tle, hogs, or sheep, shall be considered as a cat-
tle broker.
Thirteen. Produce brokers, whose annual sales
do not exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars,
shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
person, other than one holdinga license as a
broker, wholesale or retail dealer, whose occupa-
tion itis to buy or sell agriculturalor farm prod-'
uets and whOse annual sales -do not exceed tert
thousand dollars, shall be regarded as ft produCa
broker under, this act. ;
Fourteen. Commercial brokers shall pajr twen-i
ty. dollars for each license;. Any- person or firrti;
whose business it is,asa-broker,to negotiate s«leS
or purchases of goods, wares, produce, or mer-
chandise, not otherwise provided for in this actj
or seek orders^ therefor, in original or unbroken
packages, or to negotiate freights and other busi-
ness for the owners of vessels, or for the ship-
pers or consignors or consignees of freight car-
ried by vessels, shall b« regarded a commercial
broker under this act. .
Fifteen. .Custom-house brokers, shall pay ten
dollars for each license. Every person whogtf
occupation it is, as theagentof Others, to arrange
entries and other custom-house papers, of trans-
act business at any port of entry relating to the
importation or exportation of good, wares, or
merchandise, shall be regarded a custom-house
broker under this act.
Sixteen. Distillers shall pay fifty dollars :for
each license. Every person, firm, or corporation
who distills or manufactures spirits for sale shall
be deemed a distiller under this act: Provided>
That any person, firm, or corporation, distilling
or manufacturing less than three hundred barrels
per year shall pay twenty-five dollars for a li-
cense: And provided farther, That no license shall
be required for any still, stills, or other apparatus
used by druggists.and chemists for the recovery
of alcohol for pharmaceutical and chemical or
scientific purposes which has been used in those
processes: And provided farther, That distillers
of apples, grapes, and peaches, distilling or man-
ufacturing less than one hundred and fifty barrels
per year from the same, shall pay twelve and one
iialf dollars for a license for that purpose.
- Seventeen. Brewers shall pay fifty dollars for
each license. Every person, firm,or corporation,
who manufactures fermented liquors of any name
or description, for sale, from mtilt, wholly or in-
part, or from any substitute therefor, shall be
deemed a brewer under this act: Provided, That
any person, firm, or corporation who manufac-
tures less than five hundred barrels per year shall
pay the sum of twenty-five dollars for a license.
Eighteen. Rectifiers shall pay twenty-five dol-
lars for each license to rectify any quantity of
spirituous liquors, not exceeding five hundred
barrels, packages, or casks, containing not more
than forty, gallons to each barrel, package, or
cask of liquor so rectified; and twenty-five dol-
lars additional for each additional five hundred
such barrels, packages, or casks, or any frac-
tional part thereof. Every person, firm, or cor-
poration, who rectifies, purifies, or refines spirit-
uous liquors or wines by any process, or mixes
distilled spirits, whisky, brandy, gin, or wine,
with any materials for sale under the name of
whisky, rum, brandy, gin, wine, or any other
same, shall be regarded as a rectifier under this
act.
Nineteen. Coal-oil distillers shall pay for each
license the sum of fifty dollars. Any person,
firm, or corporation, who shall refine, produce,
or distill crude or refined petroleum or rock-oil,
or crude coal-oil, or crude or refined oil made of
asphaltum, shale, peat, or other bituminous sub-
stances, or shall manufacture coal illuminating
oil, shall be regarded a coal-oil distiller under this
act.
Twenty. Hotels, inns, and taverns shall be
classified and rated according to the yearly rental,
or, if not rented, according to the estimated
yearly rental, of the house and property intended
to be occupied for said purposes, as follows, to
wit: All cases where the rent or valuation of the
yearly rental of said house and property shall be
two hundred dollars, or less, sbail pay ten dollars.
And if exceeding two hundred dollars, for any
additional one hundred dollars or fractional part
thereof in excess of two hundred dollars, five
dollars. Every place where food and lodging
are provided for and furnished to travelers and
sojourners, in view of payment therefor, shall be
regarded as a hotel, inn, or tavern under this act:
Pr ovided, That nothing herein contained shall be
