1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IS45
us "a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell broth
boil and bubble."
Mr. President, I know my action upon this is
Uj-ion some previous occasions will be misunder-
stood, misconstrued, and misrepresented. Such
has been the case when, on questions akin to this
and for the same reasons which influence me now,
I have sought to postpone and avoid the discus-
sion of unnecessary issues. For instance, there
is the pending question of negro suffrage in the
District of Columbia. I think it would be very
unwise to agitate that question now. Then there
was that question whether the railroad company
should allow negroes to ride in cars by them-
selves or be compelled to seat tfiem side by side
with the wives and daughters of white men in
this District. I thought it most unwise in the
Senator from Massachusetts to raise that ques-
tion which bears upon the question of social
equality. Perhaps I was mistaken; but that was
my opinion,and i expressed that opinion frankly.
My action was misrepresented in the telegraphic
reports in a portion of the press all the way from
Boston to Wisconsin. They seem to forget that
no falsehood is so dangerous as that which comes
from intermingling truth with error; that the truth
half told is a lie. One journal says:
"Our rcadcts will oh-,erve that Mr. Doolittlk, with a
few other Republican Senator?, voted u^antM allowing ne-
gioes* the pooi puviiege, ol" riding upon a District of Colum-
bia railroad."
Such was not the fact at all. I did not vote
against allowing ihem to ride in the cars, but for
the co^enience of the public to allow the com-
pany to assign them certain cars. What are the
facts? Heie is a railroad company in the city of
Washington. Cars aie provided in which ne-
groes ride; and they arc just as good m eveiy
lespect as those provided'for white people. In
fact they are far more comfortable; for they arc
not half so crowded, i have ridden in them some-
times myself. Now, what I objected to was,
that by law you should compel white people to
ride in the same car and upon the same seats with
negroes, whether they desired to do so or not. I
thought it unwise and unnecessary; that it would
do no good to mise the question of social as well
as political equality between the negroes and the
white people of this country at a time like this;
and while others, who thought as I thought and
felt as 1 felt, shrank from declaring their opin-
ions, I thank God lie has given me the courage
to be true to my convictions, though I maybe
misrepresented hereorelsewhere. fdonothesi-
late to say that this measure was altogether un-
neeessaiy, and was unwise.
This same Committee on the District of Colum-
bia has charge -of the schools, of the hotels, and
the cicction of churches here.
Mr. GRIMES. Not the hotels.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. They might have, if a
company was to be incorporated to run a hotel.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not desire to have the
Senator create the impression in the country that
the Committee on the District of Columbia are
responsible for the hotels here. [Laughter.!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i did not say that the com-
mittee ran the hotels; but they might be called
upon to inootpoiate a company to run a hotel.
They called upon us the other day to mcorpoiate
a company to run a Masonic Hull Association.
One of the sections of that bill was the most pro-
lific and pregnant section I ever saw, for it con-
tained about twenty corporations. It is possible,
therefore, that the Committee on the District of
Columbia may be called upon to organize com-
panies for the purpose of running some good
hotels; and for my part I should be veiy much
obliged, and I think the people of the District and
the people of the country would be obliged to them
if they would organize some companies to run
some good hotels here But I will only suppose
a case. i have no controversy with the commit-
tee; I am'dealing with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] Suppose such a bill
were pending in the Senate to incorporate a hotel
company, and my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts, carried away as usual by his doctrine of
equality before the law, should offer an amend-
ment, as he probably would, to compel the hotel
keeper to seat negroes side by side with white
people at its tables. Regarding such an amend-
ment as unwise and unnecessary, I might feel con-
strained to vote against it. If 1 did, through the
telegiaphicreportsand by certain journals 1 should
be misrepresented. They, ifi wei;e to judge by the
past, wouId_ probably say that I was opposed to
negroes having the poor privilege of eating at all,
because 1 should be opposed to a proposition to
compel the keeper of a hotel to seat negroes side
by side with white people at the same table.
Again: suppose this Committee on the District
of Columbia should bring in a bill to organize an
association to build a church, and my friend from
Massachusetts also should propose, in order to
carry out the great doctrine of equality before the
law, an amendment to compel the sexton to seat
white men and women and colored men and
women in the same pews side by side. I might
feel constrained to vote against that as unne-
cessary and unwise legislation. Undoubtedly,
1 would be misrepresented through the teleginph
and by a certain portion of the proa#. From Bos-
ton to St. Paul, a certain class of men would de-
nounce me and say, "Senator Doolittlk is op-
posed to negroes having the poor privilege of
going to church at all."
I might make the same remark in regard to
schools in this District. That subject has come
before the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and we have passed a law providing schools
for the benefit of the negro chikhen of the Dis-
trict, to which I gave a cheerful support. They
attend those schools and reap the benefits and
ad\antages of tin m. But, sir, suppose the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts should bring forward a
provision of law to compel every school teacher
of every school in this city, white and black, to
seat negro children and white childien upon the
same seats side bjr side in the same rooms.
The truth is, in the city of Washington there
is a large population of African descent; they have
their own associations; they have their own so-
ciety , their own churches, theirown schools; and
1 believe they are doing well and getting on very
well, and I am rejoiced at the fact."" But while we
have so many revolutionary elements all around
us, when we are just about to enter a presiden-
tial canvass through which we must pass, shall
we throw into that canvass all these other ele-
ments of excitement by giving our enemies oc-
casion to say, and just giounds for saying, we
are in favoi of what is denominated political and
social negro equality: Let us wait till the negio
gets his freedom; let u* wait till we crush the're-
bt llion, and slavery under it; let us remember that
great things grow, they do not spiiog into ex-
istence m an hour. We do notharvestin spring
time.
Once more, there is another subject which might
come under thejunsdiction of this committee, and
that is the subject of marriage and divorce. Sup-
pose legislation on that subject were pendingheie,
and the honorable Senatoi fiom Massachusetts
should propose, as he probably would, to legal-
ize and sanction marriages between white and
colored persons. I might look upon the propo-
sition as unwise and unnecessary and ill-timed,
and be constrained to vote against it. I might
be denounced as being opposed to negroes marry-
ing at ail with just as much reason as I have been
denounced us being opposed to negroes having
the poor privilege of riding in the cars on a Dis-
tiict of Columbia tuilroad. As J showed to the
Senate when that matter was under consideia-
tion, what I repeat, it is no more an abridgment
of t heir rights in that respect to have cars assigned
to them than there is an abridgment of the right
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, who
generally travels alone, at all events not often in
the company of ladies, when he takes his carpet
bag and goes down to the depot in this city to
take passage for New York. He cannot take a
seat in some of the cais, for they arc assigned to
ludus and those with them; wheifhe offeis to en-
ter the cars where ladies are seated, a young gen-
tleman stationed there says to mm, "JNo, sir;
though you are -very good looking, you cannot
come into this car; you must pass along and take
your s at m another car." There is no more
abridgment of the rights of colored people riding
in the cars heie than there is an abridgment of:
the light of my honorable friend fiom Massae.hu- I
setts every time he goes ovei to New York. Th"ie j
are c.rtain cais into which lie cannot go unless !
under the protection—and it is a protection that !
is worth something, I assure my honorable friend
—of a good lady. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, there is another kindred prop-
osition to which I should like to refer for a mo-
ment. The honorable Senator from Maine (Mr.
Fessenden] who has charge of the.affairs of the
Committee on Finance has no business to pro-
pose, and the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] has nothing to propose from
the Committee on Military Affairs, and hence I
feel at liberty to take up a little more time than I
should under other circumstances. As I am on
tho subject of personal explanations, I may as
well go through the whole budget at onceana not
trouble the Senate on any other occasion. When
the question of raising the pay of the negro
troops and putting them on the same footing with
the white troops was under consideration a short
tune since I did not object to raising their pay.
But I had the honor of submitting a proposition
that three dollars per month of the wages of those
troo]& raised in the insurrectionary districts
should be reserved for the purpose of enabling
the Government properly to lake care of and pro-
vide for negro women and children coming within
the lines of our armies. I did not propose to
apply it to the colored soldiers of Massachusetts
or Pennsylvania or New Jersey, or any of the
States where they live with their families and have
been accustomed to provide for and take care of
them, but to apply it to the insurrectionary dis-
tricts only, to those portions of the country where
the negtoes have lived in a state of slavery, where
they have never had the responsibility of taking
care of their wives and children, because they
have been provided for by their masters. Those
colored soldietsin the main have been altogether
unaccustomed to the use of money. In my judg-
ment, the amount of money you give them only
determines how much shall go into the hands'of
the sutlers that follow those regiments. The
great mass of them first set free, unaccustomed
to the use of money, have not much more of that
prudence necessary to take care of money than
Indians.
The proposition was denounced by some as
ungenerous, and by some newspapers 1 have been
held up and denounced as pro-slavery in mysym-
pathies, because 1 would usea partof their wages
to feed and clothe their starving women and chil-
dien. It was because I had sympathy for these
poor people, the colored women and children,
coming within our lines, who are dying by scores,
by hundreds, and by thousands, that J wished
to retain some portion of the wages of the negro
men who come in with them to provide for their
necessities.
It is no sufficient answer to me for gentlemen
to say these women and children are not the [egal
wives and legitimate children of these soldiers.
They are their women and their children. They
are of their race, and it would be ungenerous in
them if they should object to giving a portion of
their wages to save them from suffering, disease,
and death.
^ 1 will icad a brief extract from a lettei from a
friend in the city of Natchez, on the condition of
these poor people who come within our lines. It
is one of the most touching appeals 1 have ever
read:
"Have you ever been in a negto corrall? ffnot, do not
go to one unif ^ you have the power to do everuhmg to
in;ike theiii comlortuble. These men, women, iirid chli-
(iieii. -«iek or well, are sent there as soon as they entei onr
hue--. Ther" is nothing ptovided tor them of the furniture
or Clothing kimi.jn-t liie bare svalU and Hon}, hard-tack
and bacon; nothin«(oeook with. J! they brinsa fewraga
and bed-clothes they have them to sleep on; uoiimig pro-
vided. Ven -oon they  et sick, and. it'tney hiuj-1 (tie, the
sooner iiiej die the beuVi,as thou<and-> have done and
more will. Home sickness prevail among ihem JiJ«e any
othei disea-e."
I will not. take up the time of the Senate to read
ail there is contained in this letter; but, sir, I stand
on the ground I have taken, and my justification
I leave_ to the future. Although in this I may
have disagreed with the judgment of other men,
no member on this floor has the right to denounce
me as offeri.ng an ungenerous proposition. My
whole purpose, my ortfy purpose, was to save
these dying women and children. I say to you,
Senators, there are facts in relation to these poor,
suffering creatures which we must look in the
face. We cannot blindly close our eyes and re-
fuse to see them as they are, We must make
