1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. FINCK. I ask unanimous consent to
record my vote on the conscription bill.
Mr. SHANNON. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business. ,
FUEEDMEN S AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for. The call for committees for
reports is in order; and under that call the House
resumes the consideration of the .bill (H. R. No.
51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs;
on which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dawson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, it is now about
eight years since I left these Halls. The country
was then in the enjoyment of its uninterrupted
career of prosperity- It seemed as though atlength
the problem of government had been solved, and
that human wisdom had produced a system which,
resting upon a basis of just and equal laws for in-
dividuals, consulted with the happiest success for
the rights and interests of the political communi-
ties which composed the federation. From small
beginnings three quarters of a century before we
had grown to greatness. From thirteen colonies,
feeble and poor at best, we had become a popu-
lous and wealthy nation, a rich and powerful em-
pire. The great nations of the world had come
to look upon us with respect, with admiration,
and envy. Sectional causes of difference had in-
deed ruffled rather too rudely the calm surface of
our prosperity; but prone to trust in that signal
care of Providence which had hitherto befriended
us, we dismissed lightly the apprehensions of evil
which they were fitted to occasion us. We took
counsel too readily of our wishes, and always
rested in the conclusion that the Republic must
be perpetual.
Such was the state of things at the close of my
representative term in 1855. I return here in the
midst of a revolution. Countrymen of the same
lineage are arrayed in bloody conflict. Strange
and unheard-of doctrines of government are pro-
mulgated by those in possession of authority;
and powers and measures unknown to the Con-
stitution are resorted to with desperate eagerness
at the call of the novel exigencies which have
arisen.
The division of the country by violence has
been all along foreseen by the wise among us as
the consequence of causes which might have been
avoided. As it is, the future inquirer into the
history of the events transpiring around us will
, be struck with amazement at the folly and mad-
ness which could thus permit to perish, if perish
it shall, a Government so admirable after an
existence but little extended beyond that pre-
scribed by the Psalmist as the maximum of indi-
vidual life. The fact of our extraordinary great-
ness, as compared with the brief duration of our
institutions, furnishes the most conclusive attest-
ation of their unparalleled excellence. Yet this
has not sufficed, when once the demon of section-
alism has been evoked, to save this noble fabric
of civilization from the ruin,it may be, which has
been the common fate of nations. The wisdom
and foresight of the fathers have been shamed:
and together with the memory of their noble strug-
gles, sacrifices, and sufferings in the cause of in-
dependence and freedom, their counsels and warn-
ings have been cast to oblivion. In vain the
common ties of language, manners,literature, and
religion, of blood and country and glory, have
raised their supplicating voice for the continuance
of the Union.
Nearly three years of civil war have now dis-
charged their relentless fury upon our unhappy
country; and we are yet apparently as remote
from any satisfactory adjustment of our differ-
ences as when we first flew to arms. These un-
lucky years have seen many of the peaceful pur-
suits of the country broken up, its vast resources
wasted in unfruitful conflict, and the members of
almost every house hold arrayed in the sable habili-
ments of grief. And still the contest lages. This
ill-judged rebellion still interposes its huge and
fearful proportions between the present and the
return of prosperity to our country. The all-im-
portant and practical question which we have to
determine is, what is the policy ichich the exigency
demands? In order to a wise consultation upon
this subject it is necessary to look to the past as
well as the future. What is this Government,
whose existence is now in such fearful peril, and'
for the maintenance of which the country is yield-
ing so lavishly of its blood and its treasure? I ani
convinced that it is from loose and incorrect ideas
of the nature of our Government, from allowing
the heats of party strife to withdraw our attention
from its true character, and to confuse our sense of
the duties which we owe it* that have flowed the
evils from which the country is suffering. Upon
a subject of such transcendent importance as this
silence in a representative of the people, hesita-
tion or concealment, woirtd, in my judgment, be
alike criminal. I shall speak, therefore, under
those deep convictions of duty which the times
inspire, and with that unreserved freedom and
boldness which are the birthright of an American
citizen.
The true character of our Government, then,
will be best perceived from a glance at its forma-
tion. It is well known that the idea of a union,
more or less extensive, of the British colonies,
was from a very early period not an unfamiliar
one with our fathers. Such a union was formed
by certain of the New England colonies as early
as 1643, the object being the common defense
against the Indians and the Dutch of New Am*
sterdam. The congress which met at Albany in
1722, and included other colonies than the New
England, contemplated a- similar union, as did
the still more important one which was called at
the same placc in 1754, to consult for the pro-
tection of the colonies against hostilities by the
French and Indians. The projected union, how-
ever, failed through jealousies on the part of the
home Government,as well as among the colonies
themselves. The idea of colonial union was at
length fully matured in 1774, in the first Conti-
nental Congress which met at Philadelphia, con-
sisting of the representatives of twelve colonies.
Its object, it will be remembered, was to consult
for the " common welfare" against the oppress-
ive measures and unwarrantable pretensions of
the mother country. While resistance was de-
termined upon against the claim to tax the colo-
nies without their consent, the idea of independ-
ence had not yet found acceptance in the colonial
councils. In the spirit of attachment to Great
Britain, the colonies would freely have united in
conceding to her the benefit of her navigation acts
could she have consented to renounce the fatal
claim to the right of taxation. The measures
adopted by that Congress had for their object to
compel her to abandon that right, and British
commerce was to be renounced till she did so.
Two years later, by the mad persistence of the
home Government in her unjust measures, the
colonies were forced into independence.
Simultaneously with that act, the Continental
Congress proceeded to prepareArticlesofConfed-
eration, which should express the nature of the
compact between the States, and define the pow-
ers conferred upon the Congress, as well as those
reserved to the States. Notwithstanding the great-
ness of the common exigency, diversity of inter*
etsts, local prejudices, and jealousies prevented an
immediate union by Congress on such articles, and
not tili in March, 1781, was the latification of these
articles completed by the thirteen States.
What is especially to be noted in the whole of
these proceedings is thejcalous care exercised by
the several colonies in asserting their individual
sovereignty and in guarding it against encroach-
ment. Thus, in the action of the various inde-
pendent political communities in appointing del-
egates to the Continental Congi ess, the " sole and
exclusive regulation of their own internal govern-
ment, police, and concerns" was explicitly re-
served. The States consented to surrender only
a very partial control over the subject of trade.
The Congress was invested by the articles with
no control whatever over individuals*
Under these articles the United States were en-
abled to close the war of the Revolution, and se-
cure our independence. But, as requisitions for
delinquencies in raising revenue could only be
made against the States in their corporate capaci-
ties, there was no remedy when these were with-
held by the States except a resort to civil war.
This was the defect of the old Confederation, as
it had been of ail similar establishments of ancient
and modern times—of the Grecian republics, the
Germanic, Hanseatic, the Dutch, and the Helve-
tian. The immediate and pressing grievance
which paralyzed the energies of the Confederate
Governmental the numerous*<Hver^i aad,con-
flicting interests and regulations iw-regatd to trade*
In-order to secure the fruits of the Revolution
it was necessary that the .commerce of tire <io«a-
tryshould be freed from the disadvantages under
which it was placed by the discriminations im*
posed upon it by foreign Governments by tile
navigation laws which their own interests and:
cupidity had induced those Governments to adopt.
It was not less necessary that the public faith
should be preserved; that the debts contracted
during the Revolution should be liquidated,- and
the treaty stipulations into which we had entered
with European .Governments strictly complied
with. It was also necessary "to provide for the
common defense." These were the great and
pressing inducements to the formation of a new
compact of Union. In it a remedy was sought
also for the weakness and inefficiency of the Con-
federation by conferring upon the central Govern-
ment still larger and better defined powers; and
by distributing them through well-balanced legis-
lative, judicial, and executive departments, to
bringdown those powers to operate upon indi-
viduals. In these three particulars: in the greater
extent and more precise definition of the powers
conveyed; in surrendering the control of the sev-
eral States over the subject of commercial reg-
ulations; and in the distribution of the-powers
through* well-organized system,so as to act upon
individuals within the sphere of those powers,
consists the great and material difference of the
Constitution of 1789 from the Articles of Confed-
eration. It was these changes which converted
the Government of the United States from a spe-
cious but lifeless and inefficient organization to
one of vital and energetic power for great and
beneficial ends. It was and is still not less a Fed-
eral Government. Neither in the circumstances
which attended its formation and adoption, nor
in the instrument itself, nor yet in the expositions
of its founders, is there apparent any intention to
substitute a consolidated Government in lieu of
that of the compact of the States.
The Convention of1787, which framed the Con-
stitution, was composed of delegates from the
several States, and not from the people at large.
Propositions in that Convention were voted upon
by the delegates, not as individuals, but by Slates.
It was not a majority of the delegates, but a ma-
jority of the States, by which each proposition
was rejected or became a part of the Constitution.
As the people did not. act as a whole in appoint-
ing a Convention to form a Constitution, neither
did they in ratifying it; but the ratification was by
conventions appointed by the people of the sev-
eral States. This ratification was also made at
different times; for while the Constitution was
adopted September 17, 1787, the consent of Vir-
ginia, which as that of the ninth State was neces-
sary to put it in operation, was not obtained until
June 26, 1788. And though, as accepted by nine
States, the new Government went into operation
the 4th of March, 1789, North^ Carolina did not
accede until the SlstofNovember following, more *
than two years after its adoptionby the Conven-
tion; nor Rhode Island till May 29, 1790, nearly
three years after that event; and those States,
during the period of their hesitation, were treated
by the legislation of the United States as foreign
countries. By the seventh article of the Consti-
tution it is declared that the ratification of the con-
ventions of nine States " shall be sufficient for the
establishment of this Constitution between the
States so ratifying the same." The tenth article
also declares that the " powers not delegated to
the United States by the Constitution, nor pro-
hibited by it to the States, are reserved to the
States respectively or to the people."
It thus appears, from a consideration of the cir-
cumstances under which the Constitution was
produced, and from the provisions of the instru-
ment itself, that our Government is a compact
between sovereign and coequal political commu-
nities, theStatescomposingit. GouverneurMor-
ris, who was the individual in the Convention
upon whom devolved the task otyevisingthe lan-
guage of the instrument before its adoption by
that body, also declared " that the Constitution
was a compact, not between solitary individuals,
but between political societies."
I have thus recurred to what are seen to be lead-
ing facts and principles in the formation of our
Government. This retrospect must convince us
