THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
that it is historically true that our Government
vr8& formed by the States as parties, and not by
individual citizens asmembersof one community.
1 hold it at the same time true that this Govern-
ment,- Which is one of limited and specially de-
fined powers, is of the same obligatory authority
within the sphere of the granted powers as the
£ftate governments themselves within the sphere
of the reserved powers. 1 see not how this can
be otherwise, since both were created by the same
authority—that of the individual citizens of the
several States acting through their respective State
organizations. The Government of the United
States and those of the several States are there-
foreequally sovereign in their lespective spheres.
I therefore find no difficulty in a divided allegi-
ance, and I hold that allegiance to bind the citizen
in equal degree to the government of the State
and to that of the nation, both proceeding from the
same source—the people of the several States.
In case of irreconcilable difference between the
Federal and State Governments, there ts no neces-
sity that the parties to the compact should, each
for itself, decide the dispute; for in the very in-
strument of compact they appointed an arbiter,
the judiciary, by whose decisions they agreed to
abide.
If these were still not sufficient, and the Con-
stitution, even under the interpretation of its own
functionaries, should be found in- its working to
bear hard upon individual States, there was still
another peaceful remedy provided by the charter.
This was the amendment of the charter itself. It
is a consequence of these views that there is no
cause which would justify withholding allegiance
from the Govcrnmentof the United States and re-
sisting its authority, which might not be of suf-
ficient magnitude and oppressive character to au-
thorize resistance to the State governments. In
other words, there is no cause resulting from the
nature of the compact, or the relation of the par-
ties, to do this as of constitutional right, but only
that cause which exists in all governments, the
ultima ratio populi, the right of the people to alter
and abolish their Government when in their judg-
ment it lias proved destructive of its end. Nul-
lification and secession are therefore, in my view,
alike without warrant in the Constitution.
The South has been consistent since 179S in
adhering to the doctrine of State rights. When
the Constitution first went into operation the doc-
trine^ that the Constitution was a compact between
political societies or sovereignties received the
consent of many of the greatest and best minds
of the North. It was asserted as distinctly and
emphatically by Morris, by Sherman, Johnson,
and Oliver Ellsworth,afterwards Chief Justice of
the United States, of the North, as it was by Mad-
ison and Jefferson. Nor did the doctrine rest
merely on constitutional history and fact or ab-
stract theory with tho North. Repeatedly before
this was done by any part of the South was the
theory of State rights resorted to by Now Eng-
land as a justification for breaking up the Union.
The first of these was during the administration
of Washington, when the New England llepre-
sentativcsdcclaied (hat those Status would secede
unless the debts of the States should be assumed
by the General Government. Tho second was
upon the occasion of the embargo act, passed
December 93, 1807, as a retaliatory measure to
meet the Berlin and Milan decrees of Napoleon
and tho British orders in council. The embargo
being, in the view of the eastern States, designed
as a blow at their commerce for the benefit of
other sections of the country, open resistance was
threatened in case the embargo was enforced.
The violence of this outeiy secured the lepeal of
the embargo in 1809. A similar disposition was
manifested in New England again on the purchase
of Louisiana. The proposition of a measure which
has added so incalculably to the greatness and
prosperity of the country was met with similar
threats of dissolving the Union.
Butafourth time, mid with still louder and more
unsatisfied clamor did New England threaten re-
bellion to theGovei nment, and throw herself upon
the doctrine of State sovereignty as authorizinga
dissolution o* the Union. This was during the
Administration of Mr. Madison, and from"" dis-
satisfaction with its measures, tho last of which
was the declaration of war in 1812. Slavery then,
as now, was held up to odium as " the rotten part
of the Constitution" which must be amputated.
It-mattered not then, as it has not m more recent
times, that it was a part of the Constitution. This
opposition took an organized form of expression
in the Hartford Convention of December 15, 18X4,
in which Massachusetts was represented by twelve
delegates, Connecticut by seven, Rhode Island by
four, New Hampshire by three, and Vermont by
one. A dissolution of the Union and formation of
a new confederacy was the remedy to which that
convention looked unless their terms should be
complied with; and ulterior measures for an act-
ual separation of the States were to be taken by a
subsequent convention to be held in June follow-
ing. Like South Carolina before the final act
of separation, the States of Massachusetts and
Connecticut sent commissioners to Washington
to present their demands to the Administration.
Among these^was the high name of Harrison Gray
Otis. The simultaneous arrival in Washington
of the news of the peace of Ghent no doubt alone
saved New England the honor of anticipating the
southern States m separating from the Union.
It thus appears that in the heresy of secession
and nullification as constitutional lemedies for
real or imaginary grievances, the North and the
South were alike participants. While 1 have
expressed my own disapprobation of the conse-
quences deduced from those doctrines, it is im-
possible to deny that- their full justification is
found in the teachings and practice of the North.
In my judgment both were wrong. Allegiance
was in both instances equally due to the General
Government within the sphere of the granted
powers, as to the Slates within the reserved; and
I do not think that in either case the grievance
was sufficient to justify revolution.
As to the right of the General Government
to coerce a State, in such circumstances, the pre-
ponderance of authority may be said to have been
adverse. It is well known that a proposition to
confer the power of coercing a State was made in
the Constitutional Convention by Edmund Ran-
dolph, and was decisively rejected. It is also
clear that it is not among the specially granted
powers, and if it be found there at all, it is among
those which are necessary to carry the granted
powers into effect. It was the opinion of John-
son and Ellsworth, tho delegates in the Constitu-
tional Convention from Connecticut, and of Mr.
Madison, from Virginia, that the Constitution does
not attempt to coerce sovereign States in their po-
litical capacities; that the power which is to en-
force the laws is to be a legal power, vested in the
magistrates. The force to be employed is the
energy of law, and this is to be exerted only upon
individuals. Hamilton, if he did not expressly
deny the existence of tho power to coerce, cer-
tainly did not at least contemplate its exercise.
He approved of the proceedings by Massachu-
setts, calling in aid the power of the General Gov-
ernment to suppress the Shay insurrection, but he
remarked in that connection:
" liut how can thn force he exerted on the States col-
lectively ! It l* impo sit)le. It amounts to a declaration
of wat tn'twrcn the patties. Foreign Powers also will
not he idle speetatois. They will intci feie; the confu-
sion will iuetease, and ;i dissolution of the Union will en-
sue."
It is apparent fiom the history of the State rights
doctrine that in framing a national Government
there were many and great diversities to be recon-
ciled between the independent States. Though
speaking a common language,and possessing the
common law as a common inheritance, the colo-
nies of the different sect ions were marked by radical
and striking peculiarities. The Puritans of New
England differed not more in character from the
Cavalieis of Virginia than the Huguenots of the
Carolina** fiom the Quakers of Pennsylvania and
the Rormtu Catholics of Maryland from the Dutch
of Now Yoik. The prejudices of opinion and
antipathies which the settlors brought with them
from Europe were still actively cherished in their
new abode. There were also wide differences of
interest. The interests of the northern States
were chiefly commercial, their wealth consisting in
the ships engaged in the carrying trade and in the
fisheries. The States of the South, whose prop-
el ty was more largely m slaves, were interested
in planting. In foumng a common Government
these discordant elements had to be consulted and
reconciled. To any one who has carefully studied
the history of the Constitution U must be clear
that if the full demands of the sections had been
insisted on in the Convention that body would
have terminated without results. But the occa-
sion was one calling loudly for compromise,and
the wise heads and patriotic hearts of the men of
the Revolution were there to meet it in the proper
spirit. New England demanded protection for
her navigation, while the South required protec-
tion for her slave property. These demands were
reconciled by the South surrendering to the com-
mon Government the right to tax the ships of
foreign States and to impose duties upon imports
—in other words, the control of the whole subject
of trade—New England conceding in return to
the South the-right of importing slaves for twenty
years, the right to have three fifths of her slaves
reckoned in the basis for representation, and the
right to the surrender of her fugitive slaves. This,
as characterized by Gouverneur Morris, was the
" bargain" between the sections, and by it sla-
very became a part of our national Government.
Had these concessions not been obtained, it is
but the simple truth to say that the southern States
would never have become parties to the Govern-
ment.
Such, then, was the Governmcntleft us by our
fathers; and whatever fault we may find with the
conditions which it involves, good faith required
that we should strictly adhere to them. I believe
the history of our Government will bear me out
in the assertion, that whatever troubles we have
at any time experienced have been in conse-
quence of the exercise of the doubtful powerst and
of a departure from the spirit of the compact. I
might instance that departure in the case of the
establishment of the national bank, and the as-
sumption of the State debts, It was a further step
in the same direction when by the tariffs of 1816
and 1824 and 1828 duties upon imports were levied
not for the clearly constitutional purpose of an
economical administration of the Government, but
for the avowed object of protection to home man-
ufactures. Happy, thrice happy for the people
of these States would it have ueen had the sec-
tional feeling of the country limited itself to such
triumphs as it might hope toachieve through the
exercise of the implied powers under the Consti-
tution.
But it manifested itself further in a dissatisfac-
tion on the part of the North with the compro-
mises of tho Constitution in regard to slavery.
There had indeed existed almost contemporane-
ously with the adoption of the charter a small
party of abolitionists, consisting chiefly of the
Cluakers of Now England and Pennsylvania.
These parties, during Washington's administra-
tion, had memorialized Congress for the abolition .
of the slave tradepriorto the time fixed in the Con-
stitution, and for the abolition of slavery within
the States. This cry, which originated with fanat-
ics, was caught up by politicians for party ends,
and was used with great bitterness by the north-
ern journals to intensify the hostility which that
section entertained toward the measures of Mr.
Jefferson's and Mr. Madison's administrations.
This spirit of hostility to slavery continued to in-
crease, and broke out with fresh virulence on the
application of Missouri for admission into the
Union. It thus assumed an unprecedented im-
portance from its connection with a contest for
political power.
Shortly after, the public mails were used to dis-
tribute over the South incendiary matter calcu-
lated to stir up insurrection among the slaves.
Congress was besieged for the abolition of sla-
very within the District of Columbia; and John
Q,uincy Adams persistently and defiantly pre-
sented petitions praying for the dissolution of the
Union. States nullified by their legislation the
acts of Congress passed in pursuance of the pro-
vision m the Constitution for the rendition of
" fugitives from labor." Pennsylvania thus re-
pealed, in 1841, an act placed upon her statute-
book in 1780. And when a territorial government
for Oregon was to be provided, the proposition to
extend the Missouri line of 36° 30' to the Pacific
ocean was rejected by Congress, and the Wilmot
proviso, prohibiting slavery in Oregon, adopted.
California was also admitted as a State without
passing thiough a territorial condition, and with
an anti-slavery constitution. The cffcct was to
make a discrimination between the citizens of co-
equal States, which the Constitution did not con-
template. Simultaneously there appeared in New
England certain new social and political theories
in relation to slavery.
