218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
construed to exempt keepers of hotels, taverns,
and eating-houses in which liquors are sold by
retail,, to be drank upon the premises, from taking
Out a license for such sale, for which license they
shall pay a. tax of twenty-five dollars. The
yearly rental shall be fixed and established by
the assessor of the proper district: at its proper
value, but if rented, at not less than the actual
yent agreed on by the parties. All steamers and
vessels, upon waters of the United States, on
board of which passengers or travelers are pro-
pided with food or lodgings, shall be subject to,
and required to pay, twenty-five dollars for each
license: Provided, That if there be any fraud or
collusion in the return of actual rent to the as-
sessor, there shall be a penalty equal to double
the amount of licenses required by this section,
to-be collected as other penalties ufider this act
are collected.
Twenty-one. Eating-houses shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license. Every place where food
or refreshments of any kind, not including spirits,
wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors, are pro-
vided for casual visitors and sold for consump-
tion therein, shall be regarded as an eating-house
under this act. But the keeper of an eating-house,
having taken out a license therefor, shall not be
required to take out a license as a confectioner,
anything in this act to the contra[r]y notwith-
standing.
Twenty-two. Confectioners shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license. Every person who sells at
rptaii confectionery, sweetmeats, comfits, or other
confects, in any building shall be regarded as a
confectioner under this act. But wholesale and
retail dealers, having taken out a license therefor,
shall not be required to take out a license as a con-
fectioner, anything in this act to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Twenty-three. Claim agents and agents forpro-
euring patents shall pay ten dollars for each li-
cense. Every person whose business it is to
prosecute claims in any of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Federal Government, or procure
patents, shall be deemed a claim or patent agent,
as the ,case may be, under this act.
Twenty-four. Patent-right dealers shall pay ten
dollars for each license. Every person whose
business it is to sell, or offer for sale, patent rights
shall be regardod a patent-right dealer under this
act.
Twenty-five. Real estate agents shall pay ten
dollars for each license. Every person whose
business it is to sell, or offer for sale, real estate
for others, or to rent houses, stores, or other build-
ings or real estate, or to collect rent for others,
shall bo regarded as a real estate agent under this
act.
Twenty-six. Conveyancers shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license. Every person, other than
one holding a license as a lawyer or claim agent,
whose business it is to draiv deeds, bonds, mort-
gages, wills, writs, or other legal papers, or to
examine titles to real estate, shall lie regarded a
conveyanccr under this act.
Twenty-seven. Intelligence office keepers shall
pay ten dollars for qacli license. Every person
whose business it is to find or furnish places of
employment for others, or to find or furnish ser-
vants upon application in writing or otherwise,
receiving compensation therefor, shall be regarded
as an intelligence office keeper under this act.
Twenty-eight. Insurance agents shall pay ten
dollars for each license. Any person who shall
act as agent of any fire, marine, life, mutual, or
other insurance company or companies, shall be
regarded as an insurance agent under this act:
Provided, That no license shall be required of any
insurance agent or broker whose receipts, as sucn
agent, are less than the sum of three hundred dol-
lars iti any one year.
Twenty-nine. Foreign insurance agents shall
pay fifty dollars for each license. Every person
who shall act as agent of any foreign fire, marine,
life, mutual, or other insurance company or com-
panies, shall be regarded as a foreign insurance
agent under this act.
Thirty. Auctioneers, whose annual sales do
not exceed ten thousand dollars, shall pay ten
dollars for each license; auctioneers, whose an-
nual sales exceed ten thousand dollars, shall pay
twenty dollars for each license. Every person
shall be deemed an auctioneer within the mean-
ing of this act, whose business it is to offer prop-
erty for sale to the highest or best bidder.
Thirty-one. Manufacturersshall pay ten dollars
for each license. Any person, firm, or corpora-
tion, who shall manufacture by hand or machinery
any goods, wares, or merchandise, exceeding an-
nually the sum of one thousand dollars, shall be
regarded a manufacturer under this act.
Thirty-two. Peddlers shall be classified and
rated as follows, to wit: when traveling with
more than two horses or mules, the first class,
and shall pay fifty dollars for each license; when
traveling with two horses or mules, the second
class, and shall pay twenty-five dollars for each
license; when traveling with one horseormule,
the third class, and shall pay fifteen dollars for
each license; when traveling on foot, the fourth
class, and shall pay ten dollars for each license.
Any person, except persons peddling only news-
papers, Bibles, or religious tracts, who sells or
offers to sell, at' retail, goods, wares, or other
commodities, traveling from place to place, in
the street, or through different parts of the coun-
try, shall be regarded a peddler under this act:
Provided, That any peddler who sells, or offers
to sell, dry goods, foieign and domestic, by one
or more original packages or pieces, at one time,
to the same person or persons, shall pay fifty
dollars for each license. And any person who
peddles jewelry shall pay fifty dollars for each
license: Provided further, That maufacturers and
producers of agricultural tools and implements,
garden seeds, stoves, and hollow ware, brooms,
wooden ware,and powder, deliveringand selling
at wholesale any of said articles, by themselves
or their authorized agents, at places other than the
place of manufacture, shall not be required, for any
sale thus made, to take out any additional license
therefor: Provided further, That nothing con-
tained in this paragraph shall authorize the sale
of wine, spirits, or malt liquors.
Thirty-three. Apothecaries shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license. Every person who keeps
a shop or building where medicines are com-
pounded or prepared according to prescriptions
of physicians, or where medicines are sold, shall
be regarded an apothecary under this act. But
wholesale and retail dealers, who have taken out
a license therefor, shall not be required to take out
a license as apothecary, anything in this act to
the contrary notwithstanding; nor shall apothe-
caries, who have taken out a license as such, be
required to take out a license as retail dealers in
liquor in consequence of selling alcohol.
Thirty-four. Photographers shall pay ten dol-
lars for each license when the receipts do not ex-
ceed live hundred dollars; when over five hundred
dollars and under one thousand dollars, fifteen
dollars; when over one thousand dollars, twenty-
five dollars. Any person or persons who make
for sale photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreo-
types, or pictures, by the action of light, shall be
regarded a photographer under this act.
Thirty-five. Tobacconists shall pay ten dollars
for each license. Any person, firm, or corpora-
tion whose business it is to sell, at retail, cigars,
snuff, or tobacco in any form, shall be regarded
a tobacconist under this act. But wholesale and
retail dealers, and keepers of hotels, inns, taverns,
and eating-houses, having taken out a license
therefor, shall not he required to take out a
license us tobacconists, anything in this act to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Thirty-six. Butchers shall pay ten dollars for
each license. Every person whose business it is
to sell butchers' meat at retail shall be regarded
as a butcher under this act: Provided, That no
butcher having taken out a license, and paid ten
dollars therefor, shall be required to take out "a
license as retail dealer on account of selling other
articles at the same store, stall, or premises: Pro-
vided farther, That butchers whose annual sales
do not exceed one thousand dollars, and butchers
who retail butchers'meat exclusively by them-
selves or agents, and persons who sell shell or
other fish, or both, traveling from place to place,
and not from any shop or stand, shall be required
to pay five dollars only for each license, any ex-
isting law to the contrary notwithstanding; and
having taken out a license therefor, shall not be
required to take out a license as a peddler for
retailing butchers' meat or fish, as aforesaid.
And no license shall be required of persons who
sell shell or other fish from handcarts or wheel-
barrows exclusively.
Thirty-seven. Proprietors of theaters, mu-
seum, and concert halls receiving pay as en-
trance money, shall pay one hundred dollars for
each license. Every edifice used for the purpose
of dramatic or operatic or other representations,
plays, or performances, and not including halls
rented or used occasionally for concerts or theatri-
cal representations, shall be regarded as a theater
under this act: Provided, That when any such
edifice is under lease at the passage of this act,
the fee for license shall be paid by the lessee,
unless otherwise stipulated between the parties to
said lease.
Thirty-eight. The proprietor or proprietors of
circuses shall pay one hundred dollars for each
license. Every building, tent, space, or area,
where feats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports
or theatrical performances are exhibited, shall be
regarded as a circus under this act: Provided,
That no license procured in one State shall be
held to authorize exhibitions in another State.
And but one license shall be required under this
act to authorize exhibitions within any one State.
Thirty-nine. Jugglers shall pay for each license
twenty dollars. Every person who performs by
sleight of hand shall be regarded as a juggler
under this act. The proprietors or agents of all
other public exhibitions or shows for money, not
enumerated in this section, shall pay for each
license ten dollars: Provided, That no license
procured in one State shall be held to authorize
exhibitions in another State. And but one license
shall be requirad under this act to authorize ex-
hibitions within any one State.
Forty. Bowling alleys and billiard rooms shall
pay ten dollars for every alley or table ill the
building or place to be licensed. Every place or
building where bowls are thrown or billiards
played, and open to the public with or without
price, shall be regarded as a bowling alley or bil-
liard room, respectively, under this act.
Forty-one. Proprietors of gift enterprises shall
pay fifty dollars for each license. Every person,
firm, or corporation, who shall sell, or offer for
sale, any article of merchandise of any descrip-
tion whatsoever, with a promise, express or im-
plied, to give or bestow, or in any manner to
hold out to the public the promise of gift or
bestowal of any article or thing for and in con-
sideration of the purchase by any person of any
other article, or thing, shall be regarded a pro-
prietor ofagift enterprise under this act: Provided,
That no such proprietor, in consequence of being
thus licensed, shall be exempt from paying any
other license or tax required by law, and the
license herein required shall be in addition thereto.
Forty-two. Owners of stallions and jacks shall
pay ten dollars for each license. Every person
who keeps a male horse or a jack for the use of
mares, requiring or receiving pay therefor, shall
be required to take out a license under this act,
which shall contain a brief description of the
animal, its age, and place or places where used
ortobeused: Provided, That all accounts, notes,
or demands, for the use of any such horse orjack
without a license, as aforesaid, shall be invalid
and of no force in any court of law or equity.
Forty-three. Lawyers shall pay ten dollars for
each license. Every person who, for fee or re-
ward, shall prosecute or defend causes in any
court of record or other judicial tribunal of the
United States, or of any of the States, orgive legal
advice in relaiion to nny cause or matter what-
ever, shall be deemed to be a lawyer within the
meaning of this act.
Forty-four. Physicians, surgeons, and dentists
shall pay ten dollars foi each license. Every
person (except apothecaries) whose business it
is, for fee and reward, to piescribe remedies or
perform surgical operations for the cure of any
bodily disease or ailing, shall be deemed a phy-
sician, surgeon, or dentist, as the case may be,
within the meaning of this act.
Forty-five. Architects and civil engineers shall
pay ten dollars for each license. Every prrsnn
whose business it is to plan, design, or superin-
tend the construction of buildings, or ships, or of
roads, or bridges, or canals, or railroads, shall be
