1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LQSEL
Mr. HENDERSON. Before this bill goes over,
I desire very much that the Senator from Maine,
who has charge of it, will turn his attention to it,
and attempt to secure something in another direc-
tion from that which ho seems to be now pursu-
ing. Although a great many of the people of
Missouri have been long disposed to complain
most bitterly of the rules and regulations imposed
upon trade, I have not been inclined to complain
of the Secretary of the Treasury on that subject.
I know that some of the regulations are very on-
erous and burdensome upon trade that our people
desire to carry on, and that mightbe very advan-
tageously carried on with certain portions of the
country that have been subjected to our arms;
but 1 have always thought that the rules and reg-
ulations upon such trade ought to be very strin-
gent lest frauds should be committed, lest arms
and ammunition and the means of carrying on
war should be given to the rebels. Butiftheprop-
osition now made by the Senator from Maine
shall carry, it cuts off all trade entirely. The
Senator from Vermont is perfectly correct upon
that subject. The act of 1861, without the pro-
viso which has been referred to, cuts off all trade
between the loyal and insurrectionary States, and
any property coming from one1 of the States de-
clared to be in insurrection is confiscated, and
may be seized by the officers of the Government
immediately on coming within our lines. The
only trade that can be possibly carried on, the
only interchange of commodities between the
States declared in insurrection and the loyal States
is carried on by virtue of the proviso to the fifth
section of the act of 1861, but if the Senator from
Maine succeeds with his bill no trade whatever
can be carried on, for it repeals that proviso.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to state a fact
which ought to betaken into consideration by the
Senate. I will go as far as any Senator toward
cutting off an improper and contraband trade be-
tween the loyal and seceded States. I know that
our people are very desirous to open up unre-
stricted trade, indiscriminate trade with thasouth-
ern States. I know that they argue in my State
that that will do more toward converting the peo-
ple of the South and bringing them back to a re-
turn of peaceful relations than anything else which
can possibly be done. In fact, many of them
argue that commerce will do a great deal more
than our arms toward bringing about a return of
peace. I have differed and differed materially
from gentlemen who thus argue, and I have de-
sired at all times to see such regulations adopted
as will prevent the cfjj-rying to the rebels of any-
thing that may aid them in their workof treason.
But suppose we cut off all trade entirely, what
will be the result? I desire to call attention to
that consideration especially. In the State of
Tennessee, where there is perfect peace in large
portions of it, say for instance at the city of Mem-
phis, there would have been very great suffering,
indeed, but for the trade which has been allowed.
What course shall we pursue? Because theState
of Tennessee has been declared to be in a state of
insurrection, shall we say that we will starve to
death all the people in that State? Suppose we
take the country, and our armies, as they have a
right to do, seize upon and use the corn and the
hay and all the provisions the people there have
to sustain themselves, what shall be done ? Will
the Government of the United States feed the peo-
ple of Tennessee at its expense, furnish rations
to them as we have been compelled to do there
and in various otherStates, or shall this restricted
trade be opened up so that the people ot that
country can give us cotton in return for some-
thing to eat? It is a plain proposition: we have
either got to starve these people or to furnish them
with rations under the direction of the Federal
armies at the expense of the Government, orelse
we must open up a restricted trade, so as to let
them exchange commodities with us. There is
no question of that.
One other consideration. 1 have no doubtthat
the Committee on Commerce have been led to
report a bill of this character in consequence of
the numerous frauds committed by Treasury
agents in the southern States. I have been in-
formed that those frauds have been great. But
the Secretary of the Treasury is not to blame for
this; the X^resident is not to blame for this. Until
we can make all men honest by legislation such
things will occur, and they >vill occur in all de-
partments of business. The temptations upon
the Treasury agents in the southern States are
very great; the temptation is presented to them
almost every day to make a fortune; and I have
no doubt that numbers of men who went down
there believing themselves to be honest men have
turned out to be fraudulent and corrupt individ-
uals. But are we to do a very great wrong be-
cause some men turn out to be dishonest? I say
not, and I hope no such measure as this in the
present state of the country will be adopted.
The Senator from Vermont, according *to my
view, is perfectly correct in holding that when
the President has once declared a State to be in
insurrection he is functus officio on that point, he
has discharged his duty, he has no power then to
proclaim that the State is not in insurrection so
as to allow intercourse with it. He can open a
port of entry where he thinks itdesirable to allow
foreign trade, but not by virtue of that act. If
this bill shall be passed it will cut off all trade,
not only the contraband trade but that which is
advantageous to our own Government, to the
people of the West, and to the poorer people in
the southern States who perhaps have been loyal
at all times.
I think, therefore, that this bill deserves a very
close examination, and I hope that it will be
passed over for the present. I thought it neces-
sary to say something while it was now before
the Senate. I hope that no act will be hastily
passed which will inflict such very great injury
on the Government and on the people of the West
and on the people behind our armies, many of
whom are loyal, and many of whom will become
so by proper and restricted trade.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Committee on Com-
merce, who reported this bill, regarded it as one
of the utmost importance, and with the knowl-
edge derived from investigations of the matters in-
volved in it, las a member of that committee re-
gard it as of as much importance as the passage
of the bill which it is proposed to take up in place
of this. Still, I am willing that this shall now
give place to that bill, and that this may be laid
aside with a view of perfecting it and meeting
some of the questions which have been proposed
by Senators on this floor in relation to its proba-
ble operation. I think it highly important and
worthy of consideration, and every day that we
refrain from the passage of this bill not only in-
flicts a gross injury on the Union cause, but en-
courages, I had almost said, thousands of men to
depart from the line of rectitude which has char-
acterized them throughout life and engage in a
wholesale raid upon southern productions in the
shape of cotton and other things; and not only
that, sir, but goes to prolong the war.
It would be a very serious thing, I admit, to
starve all the Union people within the lines of our
armies as they advance; and [wrhaps it would be
a very serious thing to starve those who are not
Union people, though I should not regret their
sufferings as much as I would those who have
Union sentiments, if such a calamity should hap-
pen. But, sir, while we are looking to the pro-
tection and comfortof the Union men and women
who have suffered in consequence of their fidelity
to the ancient flag, we must not overlook the fact
that we have prolonged their sufferings, prolonged
the rebellion, strengthened the arm of traitors by
allowing this very trade, in consequence of which
not only Union men and women but rebels of the
deepest dye have been fed and have had their
pockets crowded with greenbacks, by means of
which they could carry on the rebellion. Under
this permission to trade, supplies have not only
gone in, but bullets and powder, instruments of
death which our heroic soldiers have been com-
pelled to face and meet upon almost every field
of battle ill which they have been engaged in the
South. I am not at liberty to mention any of the
evidence that has come before the committee of
which I happen to be a member, on this subject;
but if I were to mention the facts, they would
make the cheeks of every American Senator tin-
gle with shame.
I am greatly afraid that in some quarters the
movements of ourarnmes have been directed more
with a view to carry on trade and to procure, the
productions of the southern country than to strike
down the rebels and put rebels under their feet.
1 fear it, sir. I am so greatly convinced of it that
1 am anxious that this bill shall be perfected and
passed at the earliest possible--*perffi<),"so itittt-if
possible not even a day shall pass over ourh<ads
before we put an end to these nefarious trans-
actions. • '
Sir, the whole valley of the Mississippi alon'g
the line of this permitted trade has. |>een de-
bauched; not merely the Treasury agents, (for
that is a very small matter",) but men engaged in
carrying our flag, not only upon land but upoff
the internal waters; and I am greatly afraid that
under the plea of maritime capture raids have been
set on foot, extending inland many miles, and
money hag been paid for the products of the cou n-
try, and even gone into the hands of rebels with-
a perfect knowledge that they .were such. • .
I intended to do nothing more than cal! the at-
tention of the Senate to the importance of pass-
ing a bill of this kind, and passing it speedily;
but I am willing to defer to the wishes of the
chairman of the Military Committee in order that
the bill in regard to a draft may be taken up and
passed without any further delay.
Mr. SAULSBURY. _ I am very glad that this
revelation of facts, which the public have be-
lieved for a great while, comes now with so dis-
tinguished an indorsement. The honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey will pardon me fdr^an
inquiry which I propose to makers whether the
acts and things which he has condemned have
been done by members of his own party, or by
that unfortunate class of people in this country
who are denominated "copperheads."
Mr. TEN EYCK. Sir, in this matter I know no
party and I know no distinction between members
of different parties. I have made no revelation-, I •
have simply intimated my fears and my doubts oil
this subject, and they are so strongas to include
members of the party to which the gentleman, be-
longs as well as members of the party to which
I belong. Withoutdiscriminationand distinction,
I for one am anxious to tear up the whole thing
by the roots, to destroy it root and branch, and
I trust this bill will do it.
Mr. WILSON. .1. call for the orc|er of the day,
COURTS - IN WISCONSIN, .
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot
in the chair.) Before taking up the order ot the
day the Chair will, with the indulgence of the
Senate, lay before the body the 'amendment' of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
55) in relation to the circuit court in and for the
district of Wisconsin.
The araendment was read. It was to add to
tho bill the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued toimeifere with execution-processes or orders of
sale already in part executed, but the same sir,lit proceed
and be perfected as if this act had not been passed.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE subsequently said: My at-
tention was not called to the vote concurring in
the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill relative to the ciieuit court in Wiscon-
sin. I move that that vote be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thwk the .amendment
ought n,ot,to be concurred in.. The veiy.object
of the bill was to prevent an inconvenience aris-
ing from having part of the records in the district
and part in the circuit court. This amendment
destroys that, and I think it should be non-con-
curred in.
The amendment was not concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS KEFERllED.
The following bills from the Housa*>f Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia:
A bill (No. 186) to incorporate the Baltimore
and Washington Depot and Potomac Ferry Rail-
way Company;
A bill (No. 364) authorizing and requiring- the
opening of Sixth street west;
A bill (No. 434) to authorize the bailiff of the
orphans' court, in the county of Washington and
District of Columbia,to serve processes-issued by
said court, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 495) to amend the chatter of the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Company;
A bill (No. 89) as to sewerage and drainage in
the city of Washington.
