1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ia
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....1st Sebs.
regarded as an architect and civil engineer under
this act: Provided, That this shall not iricludc a
practical carpenter who labors on a building.
Forty-six. Builders and contractors shall pay
twenty-five dollars for each license; and if his
said contracts in any one year exceed in amount
twenty-five thousand dollars, he shall pay one
dollar on every additional thousand dollars in
excess thereof. Every person whose business it
is to construct buildings, or ships, or bridges, or
canals, or railroads, by contract, shall be regarded
as a builder and contractor under this act: Pro-
vided, That no license shall be required from any
person whose building contracts do not exceed
two thousand five hundred dollars in anyone year.
Forty-seven. Plumbers and gas fitters shall
pay ten dollars for each license. Every person,
firm, or corporation, w hose business it is to fit, fur-
nish, or sell plumbing materials, gas pipes, gas
burners, or other gas fixtures, shall be regarded
a plumber and gas fitter within the meaning of
this act.
Forty-eight. Assayers, assay ing gold and sil-
ver, or either, of a value not exceeding in one
year two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, shall
pay one hundred dollars for each license, and two
hundred dollars when the value exceeds two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars and does not ex-
ceed five hundred thousand dollars, and five hun-
dred dollars when the value exceeds five hundred
thousand dollars. Any person or persons or cor-
poration whose business or occupation it is to
separate gold and silverfrom other metalsor min-
etal substances with which such gold or silver,
or both, are alloyed, combined, or united, or to
ascertain or determine the quantity of gold or
silver in any alloy or combination with other
metals, shall be deemed an assayer for the pur-
pose of this act.
Forty-nine. A license fee of ten dollars shall
be required of every person, firm, or corporation
engaged in any business, trade, or profession
whatsoever, for which no other license is herein
required, whose gross annual receipts therefrom
exceed the sum of one thousand dollars per an-
num.
Sec. 80. Jtnd be it further enacted, That where
the annual gross receipts or sales of any apothe-
caries, confectioners, eating-houses, tobacconists,
or retail dealers, except retail- dealers in spiritu-
ous and malt liquors, shall not exceed thesum of
one thousand dollars, such apothecaries, confec-
tioners, eating-houses, tobacconists, and retail
dealers shall not be required to take out or pay
for license, anything 111 this act to the contrary
notwithstanding; the amount or estimated amount
of such annual sales to be ascertained or estima-
ted in such manner as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue shall prescribe, and so of all other
annual sales or receipts, where the rate of the
license is graduated by the amount of sales or
receipts; and where the amount of the license or
the rate has been increased, or is liable to be in-
creased, by law above the amount ofany existing
license to any person, firm, or company, or has
been understated or underestimated, such person,
firm, or company shall be again assessed and pay
the amount of such increase, which shall be in-
dorsed on the original license, which shall there-
after be held good and sufficient.
Sec. 81. And be itfarther enacted. That nothing
contained m the preceding sections of tl^s act,
requiring licenses, shall be construed to require
nil additional license as a dealer for the sale of
goods, wares, and merchandise made or produced
and sold by the manufacturer or producer at the
manufactory or place where the same is made or
produced, or at the principal office or place of
business, as provided in section seventy-three
(seventy-four] of this act; [nor] to vinters [vint-
ners,] who sell, at the place where the same is
made, wine of their own growth; nor to apothe-
caries, as to wines or spirituous liquors which
they use exclusively in the preparation or mak-
ing up of medicines; nor shall any provisions be
construed to prohibit physicians from keeping on
hand medicines solely for the purpose of making
up their own proscuptions for their own patients.
manufactures, aiu'icles, and tuoducis.
Specific and ad valorem duty.
Sec. 82. And be it further enacted, Thatevery
individual, partnership, firm, association, or Cor-
poration, (and any word or words in this act indi-
cating or referring to. person or persons shall be
taken to mean and include partnerships, firms,
associations, or corporations, when Hot-otherwise
designated or manifestly incompatible with the
intent thereof,) shall comply with'the following
requirements, that is to say:
First. Before commencing, or, if already com-
menced, before continuing, any manufacture lia-
ble to be assessed, under the provisions of this
act, and which shall not be differently provided
for elsewhere,-every person shall furnish,'with-
out previous demand therefor, to the assistant as-
sessor a statement, subscribed and sworn to, or
affirmed, setting forth the place where the manufac-
ture is to be carried on, and the principal place of
business for sales, the name of the manufactured
article, the proposed market for the same, whether
foreign or domestic, and generally the kind and
quality manufactured or proposed to be manu-
factured.
Second. He shall within ten days after the first
day of each and .every month, or on or before #
day prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, make return under oath or affirmation
of the products and sales or delivery of such man-
ufacture in form and detail as may be required,
from time to time, by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue.
Third. All such returns, statements, descrip-
tions, memoranda, oaths, and affirmations, shall
be in form, scope, and detail as may be pre-
scribed, from time to time, by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 83. And be it further enacted, That upon
the amounts, quantities, and values of produce,
goods, wares, merchandise, and articles produced
or manufactured, and sold or delivered, herein-
after enumerated, the manufacturer or producer
thereof, whether manufactured or produced for
himself or for others, shall pay to the collector of
internal revenue within his district, monthly, or
on or before a day to be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, the duties on such
products or manufactures. And for neglect to
pay such duties within ten days after demand,
111 writing delivered to him in person, or left at
his house or place of business, or manufactory,
or sent by mail, the amount of such duties, with
the additions hereinbefore prescribed, may b'e
levied upon the real and personal property ofany
such producerormanufacturer. And such duties
and additions, and whatever shall be the expenses
of levy, shall be a lien from the day prescribed
by the Commissioner for their payment afore-
said, in favor of the United States, upon the said
real and personal property of such producer or
manufacturer; aiid such lien may be enforced by
distraint, as provided in this act. And in all cases
of goods manufactured or produced, in whole or
in part upon commission, or where the material
is furnished by one party and manufactured by
another, if the manufacturer shall be required to
pay under this act the tax hereby imposed, such
person or persons so paying the same shall be
entitled to collect the amount thereof of the owner
or owners, and shall have a hen for the amount
thus paid upon the produced or manufactured
goods.
Sec . 84. And be it farther enacted, That for neg-
lect or refusal to pay the duties provided by law
on manufactured articles, or articles produced, as
aforesaid, the goods, wares, and merchandise
manufacfured or produced and unsold by, or not
passed out of the possession of, such manufac-
turer or producer, shall be forfeited to the United
States, and may be sold or disposed of for the
benefit of the same, in manner as shall be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury. In such case the collector or deputy
collector may take possession of said articles,
and may maintain such possession in the premises
and buildings where they may have been manu-
factured, or deposited, or may be. He sh U sum-
mon, giving notice of not less than two, nor more
than ten, days, the parlies in possession of said
goods, enjoining them to appear before the as-
sessor or assistant assessor, at a day and hour
in such summons fixed, then and there to show
cause, if any there be, why, for such neglect or
refusal, such articles should not be declared -for'
feited to the United States. The -manufacturers
or producers thereof shall be deemed to be the"
parties interested; if the articles shall" be^ at tho*
time of taking such possession, upon the pfem-'
ises where manufactured 'Or produced; if they
shall at such time have been removed from the
place of manufacture or production, the parties
interested shall be deemed to be the persons or
parties in whose custody or possession the arti-
cles shall be found. Such summon# shall be
served upon such parties in person, or by leaving
a copy thereof at the place of abode of business
of the party to whom the same may be directed.
In case no such party or place can be found;
which fact shall be determined by the collector's
return on' the summons, siicli notice,in the nature
of a summons, shall be given by" advertisement
for the term of three weeks in one newspaper in
the county nearest to the place of such sale, if
at or before such hearing such duties shall not
have been paid, and the assessor or assistant as-
sessor'shall adjudge the summons and notice,
service and return of the same to be sufficient, the
said articles shall be by him declared forfeit, and
shall be sold, disposed of, or turned over by the
collector to the use of any Department of the
Government as maybe directed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, who may require of any officer
of the Government, into whose possession the
same may be turned over, the proper voucher
therefor; and the proceeds of sale of said articles,
if any there be after deducting the duties and ad-
ditions thereon, together with the fees, costs, and
expenses of all proceedings incident to the seiz-
ure and sale, to be determined by said Commis-
sioner, shall be refunded and paid to the owner,
or, if he cannot be found, to the manufacturer or
producer in whose custody the articles were when
seized, as the said Commissioner may deem just,
by draft 011 the same, or some other collector; or
if the said articles are turned over without sale to
the use of any Department of the Government,
the excess of the value of said articles, after de-
ducting the amount of the duties, additions, fees,
costs, and expenses accrued thereon when turned
over as aforesaid, shall be refunded and paid by
the said Department to "the owner, or, if he can-
not be found, to the manufacturer or producer in
whose custody or possession the said articles
were when seized as aforesaid. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with the approval of
the Secretary of [the] Treasury, mayreviewany
such case of forfeiture, and do justice in the prem-
ises. If the forfeiture shall have been wrongly
declared, and sale made, the Secretary is hereby
authorized, in case the specific articles cannot be
restored to the party aggrieved in as good order
and condition as when seized, to make up to such
party in money his loss and damage from the
contingent fund of his Department. Immediate
notice of atiy seiaure of manufactured articlesor
products shall be given to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue by the collector or deputy col-
lector, who shall also make return of his pro-
ceedings to the said commissioner after he shall
have sold or otherwise disposed of the articlesor
products so forfeited; and the assessor or assist-
ant assessor shall also make return of his pro-
ceedings relating to such forfeiture to the said
Commissioner. And any violation of, or refusal
to comply with, the provisions of the eighty-first
[eighty-second] section of this act, shall be good
cause for seizure and forfeiture, substantially in
manner as detailed m this section; but before for-
feiture shall be declared by virtue of the provis-
ions of this section, the amount of duties which
may be due from the person whose manufactures
or products are seized, shall first be ascertained
m the manner prescribed in the eighty-fourth
[eighty-fifth] section of this act; and such viola-
tion or refusal to comply shall further make any
party so violating, or refusing to comply, liable
to a fine or penalty of five hundred dollars, to be
recovered in manner and form as provided in this
act. Articles which the collector may adjudge
perishable may be sold or disposed of before dec-
laration of forfeiture. Said sales shall be made
at public auction, and notioe thereof shall be given
as the said Commissioner shall prescribe.
Sec. 85. And be it further enacted, That in case
of the manufacture and sale, or production and
