2824
THE CON"(xRESSIONAI/ GLOBE,
Jane 9f
■ The bill (No. 486) to amend an act entitled "An
act to. provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Idaho,99 approved March 3, 1863,
•was read twice by it's title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
PERFORMANCE OS* MILITARY T>VtY.
. The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S, No, 286)
io prohibit the discharge of persons from liability
to military $uty l?y reason of the payment of
money.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on an amendment moved b.y the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wtt.sotf.1
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Vermont
{Mr. Collames] has prepared some amendments
that coyer the point intended to be covered by my
amendment, and I think more fully and in better
guarded language. I therefore withdraw my
Amendment for the purpose of allowing the Sen-
ator from Vermont to offer his.
MnCOLLAMER. Last ni^hUhis bill waslaid
overatmy suggestion, as 1 desired to prepare some
amendments. I have prepared them and shown
them to the chairman of the Military Committee,
and he is willing to adopt them. I move now to
amend the bill by adding-the following additional
sections:
Jind be it further enacted, That nil calls for drafts here-
after made under the act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved MarclJ 3, ]8o3, and of any act in addition to or
amendment thereof, bliall be for a term not exceeding one
year.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act shall not extend
to or include diatts to be made In any district or subdi-
vision thereof, to fill its quota on calls already made, but
the same shall be completed under the laws in force before
the passage hereof.
f>e it f mther enacted, That no person drafted on fu-
ture cali*< yliall be liable to be agatu di.ifted until rhe pres-
ent enrollment shall beexlmusted.
he it further enacted, Thai the number of men fur-
nished from any district for the service of Ihe United States
beyond and above its quota on calls heretofore made, and
the term of semce of Mich men, *imll be considered and
allowed to said distiict In ealta hereafter made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on each separate amendment in its
order, as each section is a distinct proposition.
The first question is on the first additional section.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish any divis-
ion of the question.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. HENDERSON. I
ask for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the right
of any member to have a distinct vote on each
separate proposition of amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. When a call is made for
a division it, is proper of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion of the amendment will be read:
The Secretary lead as follows:
 £wl be it further enacted, That all calls for draft's here-
after made under the net entitled uAn act (or enrolling and
calling out the national foices, and for other put poses,>>
approved March 3, 1863, and of uny in t. in addition to m
amendment thereof, shall be for a term not exceeding one
year.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bill before the Sen-
ate is a bill to repeal the $300 commutation clause
of the existing law. My proportion is not to
strike out from the bill, hut toaud these additional
sections to jt, and 1 wish to explain for a few
moments the relations wh/ch these different sec-
tions bear to each other, making a system by
themselves. The first one, which has just been
read and which is to bo fir at voted upon, provides
that the futuie diafts shall be for a t< nu not ex-
ceeding one year. J made my remarks on that
proposition yesterday, explaining my views. If
you repeal the commutation clause, the necessary
consequence is, as was suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, a very great rise in
ihe price of substitutes; they will not fall within
the reach of ordinal y people. Then, in relation
to people of ordinary circumstances, to say to
them that we will repeal the commutation clause,
of course elevating greatly the price of substi-
tutes, and draft them for three years, and make
all go who are able to go, is an extremity which
I do not believe the service of the country de-
mands.
In the next place, I believe that in the present
state of our Army uiTuiis, the drafting of twelve
months* men and putting them into the regiments
already existing, which are officered by officers
of experience, with considerable bodies of expe-
rienced men, will give us a good organization,
and the men thus drafted in a very short time
will make as good and efficient soldiers as if they
were all veterans. Hence I believe it will be best
to make your drafts for shorter periods and to
make them so as always to have a reserve force
to fill up our Army when it is necessary. TJnder-
talcing to draft men when you are actually in the
presence of the enemy in the field cannot answer
the purpose. Our present great service immedi-
ately before Richmond cannot be relieved by men
drafted now. I am not now speaking of volun-
teering or of the States that may turn out from
their existing organizations some militia for short
periods; but the bill before us relates to drafting
from our national forces agreeably to our laws of
draft, and I say nothing can be derived through
that channel and from that source which can fur-
nish any present relief to the Army. The bill,
therefore, looks to the future, and looking to that
future, I believe the better way is that the draft be
made in the autumn, that it be made for a year, that
the draftedtnen be put into existing regiments with
the experienced men, and by the opening of the
spring campaign these men together with the ex-
perienced men who are with them will form an
efficient force for the whole campaign; and then
in the succeeding fall another body of men should
be drafted so as to be ready to fill up the Army
when the terms of their predecessorsexpire; and
that plan of drafting from time to time and filling
up your armies as they need it should make a
system.
In order to preserve the consistency of the sys-
tem, the next section which 1 propose is that this
drafting by the year shall not apply to making
up the quotas of States which are in arrear on
past calls. That section is a necessary part of
the system. U is that any district which is in
arrear, shall fill up itsurrearages with three years'
men under the law as it now exists and under
which other States have filled theirs.
Not only are thero States in arrear, but there
are other btates that are a good deal in advance
of the calls, that have furnished more men than
the calls required; and the next section of my
amendment provides that in all cases where dis-
tricts have furnished a larger number than was
necessary to fill the quotas which were required
of them on calls heretofore made they shall have
their excess of men reckoned -according to their
term of service toward the future calls. So you
perceive, Mr. President, that this section bind the
preceding one provide in relation to districts in
arrear and in relation to districts in advance.
Another section is, leuving past diafts to be
governed by existing law, that in future drafts
for a year's service a rhan who is drafted shall not
he put back for dmft figuin until the roll is through.
That is, you shaWiotcall on a man and send him
for a year and then put him back in the list and
draw -him again, when ins neighbor Under the
same circumstances has not gone.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not that the law now?
Mr. COLLAMER. No. There i* a law of
that kind in relation to certain kinds of substi-
tutes, but it is not the law generally, though to
my mind it ought to have been, and it certainly
ought to be now if we go by this system, so that
people shall take their turns in this matter. These
different sections constitute my system, and hence
1 desiie that the question should be taken on them
all togctheras one amendment; but those unfavor-
able to the system, who desire to defeat it, of
course want the question taken by parts.
Mr. BROWN. I trust, M*\ President, that
the amendment ottered by the Senator from Ver-
mont will not be adopted; and permit me here
to rccur to the manner in which this measure
comes before the Senate. This question having
had the consideration of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs was reported upon, and the bill re-
ported is now before you; but a motion was
made on the strength of it which changes the
whole system, a motion made by the chairman
of the committee without any concert with that
committee, and I do not know as yet from what
souice it emanates. I must object for one to that
mode of dealing with questions of such gravity.
I believe the Senate will bear me out in the state-
ment that in the discussion which transpired heie
before it was insisted upon strongly by those
most conversant with our military management,
arid those most intimately connected with the
War Department in their personal relation, that
the length of service for three years was one of
the best features connected with the enlistment.
As long as the question of volunteering was open,
it was insisted upon all the time that we should
have the longest term of service; and it was said,
and said very properly, that as a purely military
question it had been found that one year was
not long enough within-which to fit troops for the
field, within which to fit them for enduring those
hardships which campaigns involve them in. It
i's not simply the equipping of troops, it is not
simply putting arms in their hands, but it is, so
to speak, the seasoning of the bodies of the sol-
diers to the endurance of those fatigues that
makes the soldier and makes the value of the
soldier; and I say that within the period of one
year you cannot expect to have that effective
soldiery which you will have within two years
or three years. I believe I am sustained when I
say that that has been the representation which
has come to us continually from the "War De-
partment, and that no counter representations
nave ever come to us from the Military Commit-
tee in this body.
But it is now proposed to change that mode and
to make all future drafts for simply one year; and
why? I have heard no fcasOn assigned for this
change, which is going to make a very serious
change in our military arrangements, except the
one fact that it will probably fall lighter upon
those who are drafted. If that consideration is
to obtain, I see no reason why you should fix the
period at one year rather than at six months, or
at six months rather than at three months, or at
three months rather than at one month. So far
as the question is concerned of the onus upon the •
person drafted, of course the Shortest time will be
the most preferable to him; but I believe in this
question we should not consider the onus to the
person who is drafted, but the necessity of the
Government and the necessity of an effective ser-
vice.
It may be said, and liaS beefi Said, that there
will be a greater willingness to enter into the ser-
vice where the term is for only one year than
where it is for three years; but it must be con-
sidered that we are now on the subject of a draft
and not the subject of voluntary enlistment, and,
as was well explained by the Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Lane] yesteruay, the question of time
is not a question that enters into the consideration
of our carrying through this draft effectively. If
we see fit to draft these men we do it for three
years by the same Machinery, at the same cost,
with the same equipment, that we do for one year,
so that the whole outlay and expenditure of the
Government is the same in the one instance as m
the other. Furthermore, we have the same means
of enforcing the draft for the three years that wo
have for the one year; the persons drafted report
themselves,or where they absftondttre found,and
the means of putting them into the service is pre-
cisely the same. It is simply a question on their
part of indisposition or disposition to serve, which
the Government has never taken into account
heretofore, and I do not think ought to take into
account now.
I do not desire to enter into the larger consider-
ations as to the nature of this service, but I think
I am safe in saying that the Government hereto-
fore, and within a very brief time, has given evi-
dence that it deemed it necessary that enlistments
for the future should be for a longer period than
one year, it has not only done so, but it has gone
to the extreme pointof paying large bounties to a
very large number of soldiers who had a part of
the service of one year or less to serve, to induce
them to go into the service for three years.
I assume that in the discussion of thisquestion,
so far as its military aspect is concerned, we have
a right not only to know what the views of the
Government and of the military arm are, but that
it is our duty, so far as it may be consistent, to
consult its experience and to accord to its views.
Now I ask, what isthestrongestassurance which
has been given of the views entertained by the
War Departmenton this subject? Is it not the ie-
enlistment within the last sixty days of a targe
part of the Army, and the offering to them of enor-
mous bounties if they would reenhst for the term
of three years? That, I believe, is an uncontro-
verted fact; and yet it was provided in that reen-
