1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong.....1st Sess.
ceding month or time when the last declaration
was made, been lemoved, carried, or sent, or
caused, or suffered, or known to have been re-
moved, carried, or sent from the premises of such
manufacturer other than such as have been duly
assessed and the duties imposed by law paid
thereon, on pain of forfeiting for every refusal or
neglect to make such declaration, one hundred
dollars. And if any such manufacturer, or his
chief workman, agent, or superintendent, shall
make any false or untrue declaration, such manu-
facturer or chief workman, agent, or superintend-
ent, making the same, upon conviction thereof,
shall forfeit three hundred dollars, or, at the dis-
cretion of the court, be liable to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding one year.
Sec. 92. Jind be it further enacted, That if any
person other than the manufacturer shall sell, or
consign, or remove for sale, or part with the pos-
session of any manufactured tobacco, snuff, or
cigars, upon which the duties imposed by law
have not been paid, with the knowledge thereof,
such person shall be liable to a penalty of one
hundred dollars for each and every offense. And
any person who shall purchase or receive for sale
any such tobacco, snuff, or cigars, which has not
been inspected, branded, or stamped,as required
by this act, or upon which the tax has not been
paid, if it has accrued or become payable with
knowledge thereof, shall be liable to a penalty of
fifty dollars for each and every offense. And any
peison who shall purchase or receive for sale any
such tobacco, snuff, or cigars, from any manu-
facturer who has not a permit to manufacture,
shall be liable for cach and every offense to a
penalty of one hundred dollars, and, in addition
thereto, a forfeiture of all the articles, as afore-
said, so purchased or received, or the full value
thereof.
Sec. 93. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all
goods, wares, and merchandise, or articles manu1
factured or made (except refined petroleum, re-
lined coal-oil, gold and silver, spirituous and malt
liquors, manufactured tobacco, and snuff and
cigars) by any person or firm, where the product
shall not exceed the rate of six hundred dollars
per annum, and shall be made or produced by
the labor of such person or fii m, or by his or their
family, shall be, and are Hereby, exempt from
duty; where the product shall exceed such rate
and not exceed the rate of one thousand dollars,
the duty shall be levied, assessed, and collected
only upon the excess above the rate of six hun-
dred dollars per annum; and in all other cases
the whole annual product, (including any busi-
ness or transaction where one party has been
furnished with materials, or any part theieof, and
employed by anotherparty to manufacture,make,
or finish the goods, wares, and merchandise, or
articles, paying or promising to pay therefor, and
to whom the same are returned when so made
and finished,) shall be assessed, and theduty paid
thereon by the producer or manufacturer: Pro-
vided, That whenever a producer or manufacturer
shall use or consume, or shall remove for con-
sumption or use, any articles, goods, wares, or
merchandise, which if removed forsale would be
liable to taxation, he shall be assessed upon the
salable value of the articles, goods, wares, or mer-
chandise so used or so removed for consumption
or use.
Sec. 94. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon
the articles, goods, wares, and merchandise here-
inafter mentioned, except where otherwise pro-
vided, which shall be product^ and sold, or be
manufactured or made and sold, or be consumed
or used by the manufacturer or producer thereof,
or removed for consumption, or for delivery to
others than agents of the manufacturer or pro-
ducer within the United Stutes orTerutories theie-
of, there shall be levied, collected, and paid the
following duties, to be paid by the producer or
manufacturer thereof, that is to say:
On candles, of whatever material made, a duty
of five per cent..ad valorem.
On mineral coals, except such as are known in
the trade as pea coal and dust coal, a duty of five
cents per ton: Provided, That in ease of contracts
of lease of coal lands made piior to the passage
of this act the lessee shall pay the tax, if not oth-
erwise agreed; and all duties or taxes on coal
mined and delivered by coal operators on con-
tracts heretofore made shall bo paid by the pur-
chasers thereof, if not otherwise agreed by the
parties.
On lard oil, mustard-seed oil, linseed oil, and
on all animal or vegetable oils, not exempted or
provided for elsewhere, whether pure or adulter-
ated, a duty, of five cents per gallon.
On gas, illuminating, made &f coal, wholly or
in part, or any other material, when the product
shall not be above two hundred thousand cubic
feet per month, a duty of ten cents per one thou-
sand cubic feet; when the product shall be above
two and not exceeding five hundred thousand
cubic feet per month, a duty of fifteen cents per
one thousand cubic feet; when the product shall
be above five hundred thousand and not exceeding
five millions of cubic feet per month, a duty of
twenty cents per one thousand cubic feet; when
the product shall be above five millions, a duty
of twenty-five cents per one thousand cubic feet.
And the general average of the monthly product
for the year preceding the return required by this
act shall regulate the rate of duty herein imposed.
And where any gas works have not been in op-
eration for the next year preceding the return as
aforesaid, then the rate shall be regulated upon
the estimated average of the monthly product:
Provided, That the prod uct required to be returned
by law by any gas company shall be understood
to be the product charged in the bills actually ren-
dered by the gas company during the month pre-
ceding the return; and all gas companies are
hereby authorized to add the duty or tax imposed
by law to the price per thousand cubic feet on
gassold: Providedfurtker, That all gas furnished
for lighting- street lamps, and not measured, and
all gas made for and used by any hotel, inn, tav-
ern, and private dwelling house, shall be subject
to duty, whatever the amount of product, and
may be estimated; and if the returns in any case
shall be understated or underestimated, it shall
be the duty of the assistant assessor of the dis-
trict to increase the same as he shall deem just
and proper: And provided furthei, That gas com-
panies located within the corporate limits of any
city or town, whether in the district or otherwise,
or so located as to compete with each other, shall
pay the rate imposed by law upon the company
having the largest production: Jlnd provided, fur-
ther, That coal-tar, produced in the manufacture
of illuminating gas, and the products of the re-
distillation of coal-tar thus produced, shall be ex-
empt from duty.
On coal illuminating oil, refined, and naphtha,
benzine, and benzole, produced by the distillation
of coal, asphaltum, shale, peat, petroleum, or
lock-oil, and all other bituminous substances used
for like purposes, a duty of twenty cents per gal-
lon: Provided, That such oil, refined and pro-
duced by the distillation of coal, asphaltum, or
shale,exclusively, shall be subject to pay a duty
of fifteen cents per gallon, anything to the con-
trary notwithstanding: Jhtdprovidedfu,rther,Tha.t
distillers of coal-oil, or naphtha, benzine, or ben-
zole, shall be subject to all the provisions of law
applicable to distillers of spirits, with regard to
licenses, bonds, returns, assessments, liens, pen-
alties, drawbacks, and all other provisions de-
signed for the purpose of ascertaining the quan-
tity distilled, and securing the payment of duties,
so far as the same may, in the judgment of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and under
regulations prescribed by him,be deemed neces-
sary for that purpose: And provided, also, That
naphtha of specific gravity exceeding eighty de-
grees, according to Baume's hydrometer, and of
the kind usually known as gasoline, shall be sub-
ject to a.Jax of five per centum ad valorem.
On spii its of turpentine, a duty of twenty cents
per gallon: Provided, That all the provisions of
law relating to the assessment and collection of
the duties on cotton, under rules and regulations
to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, so far as the same may be deemed applica-
ble thereto, shall apply to the assessment and col-
lection of duties on spirits of turpentine.
On ground coffee, and on all ground substitutes
for coffee, or preparations of which coffee forms
a part, and on all unground substitutes for coffee,
a duty of one cent per pound.
On ground pepper, ground mustard, ground
pimento, ground cloves, and ground clove stems,
ground cassia, and ground ginger, and all imita-
tions of the same, a duty of one cent per pounds
On molasses produced from the sugar cane,and
not from sorghum or imphee, a duty of five cents
per gallon. ^
On sirup of molasses or sugar-cane juice, when
removed from the plantation, concentrated molas-
ses or melado, and'cistern bottoms, of suearpro-
duced from the sugar cane and not made from
sorghum or imphee, a duty of one cent and one
fourth of one cent per pound.
On brown .or Muscovado sugar notabove num-
ber twelve Dutch standard in color, produced
from the sugar-cane and not from sorghum or
imphee, other than those produced by the refiner,
a duty of two cents per pound.
On all clarified or refined sugars above number
twelve and not above number eighteen Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from the
sugarcane and not from sorghum or impose, «
duty of two and one half cents per pound.
On all clarified or refined sugars above number
eighteen Dutch standard in color, produced di-
rectly from the sugar cane and not from sorghum
or imphee, a duty of threeand one half cents per
pound.
On the gross amount of the sales of sugar refin-
ers, including all the products of their manufac-
tories or refineries, a duty of two and a half of
one per centum ad valorem: Provided,That every
person shall be regarded as a sugar refiner, and
pay the duties levied by law, whose business it
is to advance the quality and value of sugar upon
which a duty has been assessed and paid, by
melting and recrystallization, or by liquoiing,
claying, or other washing process, or by any
other chemical or mechanical means, or who shall
advance the quality or value of molasses, con-
centrated molasses or melado, upon which a duty
has been assessed and paid, by boiling or other
process. . *
On sugar-candy and all confectionery made
wholly or in partof sugar, valued at not exceed-
ing twenty cents per pound, a duty of two cents
per pound; exceeding twenty and not exceeding
forty cents per pound, a duty of four cents per
pound; when exceeding forty cents per pound,
orsold by the box,package,or.otherwiae than by
the pound, a duty of ten per centum ad valorem.
On chocolateand cocoa prepared, a duty of one
and a half cent per pound. •
On saleratus and bicarbonate of soda, a duty of
five mills per pound.
Onstarchmadeof potatoes, a duty of two mills
per pound; made of corn or wheat, a duty of three
mills per pound; made of rice or any other mate-
rial, a duty of one cent per pound.
On gunpowder, and all explosive substances
used for mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting
purposes, when valued at twenty-eight cents per
pound or less, a duty of one cent per pound; when
valued at above twenty-eight cents per pound and
not exceeding thirty-eight cents per pound, a duty
of one and a half cent per pound; and when val-
ued above thirty-eight cents per pound, a duty of
eight cents per pound.
On white lead, a duty of thirty-five cents per
one hundred pounds.
On oxyd of zinc, a duty of thirty-five cent*
per one hundred pounds.
On sulphate of barytes, a duty of twelve cents
per one hundred pounds: Provided, That white
lead, oxyd of zinc, and sulphate of barytes, paints
and painters' colors, or any one of them, shall
not be subject to any additional duty in conse-
quence of being mixed orground with linseed oil,
when the duties upon all the materials so mixed
orground shall have been previously paid.
On all paints and painters' colors, dry or
ground in oil, or in paste with water, not other-
wise provided for, a duty of five per centum ad
valorem.
On varnish or japan, made wholly or in part of
gum copal, or other gums or substances, a duty
of five per centum ad valorem.
On glue and gelatine of all .descriptions, in the
solid state, it duty of one cent per pound.
On glue and cement, made wholly or in part
of glue, to be sold in the liquid state, a duty of
forty cents per gallon.
On pins, solid head or other, a duty of five per
centum ad valorem.
