1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
listment that they should have that privilege even
where they had one year still to serve. What is
the natural inference? It is that the Government
condemns the policy of enlisting soldiers for a
single year. It'it is going into the enlistment of
men for one year to-day, what was the sense of
paying these enormous bounties not sixty days
ago to those who had one year still to serve, or
within a sufficient amount of that time to cover
the campaign that would probably take place dur-
ing the year?
That is the argument that I address to the
bill as it connects itself with our military admin-
istration; and I say that not only have I the right
to assume here that the judgment of theMilitary
Committee of this body is against the amendment,
but that the judgment and the action of the War
Department are against the amendment also. It
remains, therefore, for those who advocate such a
radical change in our war policy to show some
controlling reason why we should depart from that
mode which assures us an efficientservicefor one
which at best is doubtful, which the best military
authorities contend is inefficient. I have not
heard any such reasons advanced, except that it
would be more acceptable perhaps to those who
are drafted. As to the simple question of justice
or of equalizing this burden, I say that when you
establish a system of. draft by lottery it is just
as equal that the term of service shall be for three
years as that it shall be for one year. The equal-
ity is the same. The simple fact that the term
calls for a longer period does not change its jus-
tice or its injustice.
I do not desire to enter into that part of thedjs-
cyssion which has been presented by the Senator
from California [Mr. Conness] as to the effect
that this change in our policy may have upon our
standing and the prosecution of the war. He has
shown, I think, very clearly, that the only effect
it can have is that of discouragement, of raising
the question in the publi.c mind whether you are
able to finish this war in one year, and if you are
not able to finish it in otio year, what are going
to be the consequences of the discharge of all the
troons thathave been engaged in that service who
shall have been drafted under these drafts, and
the substitution of new troops for them. I say
he has well shown that the only effect of that can
be the effect of discouragement upon the public
mind; and I think the effect of it will be to show
itself in discouragement upon the public mind as
far as our moneyed condition is concerned. When
the people see a policy which certainly has not
the marks of vigor about it that the older system
had, when they see us engaging in it at this time,
shortening the period of enlistment, they will
begin to raise the question whether you are as
much in earnest about carrying this war through
to the end or not, and its only effect in a finan-
cial point of view will be that of depression, as it
■yvill be in the other point of view.
; 'I regret, sir, that the amendment has been of-
fered. I regret that an amendment involving so
much of a change, so wide a departure from the
military policy heretofore, has not been submit-
ted to those who are intrusted by this body with
the discussion and examination of that matter and
all similar matters, that they might confer more
lengthily with the Department of the Government
that is conducting the war, and learn from it the
views which it may entertain as to the cffect and
as to the result of this proposition. I trust, sir,
thai the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I expect, Mr. President,
to support the amendment proposed by the chair-
man of the Military Committee; but I do notthen
expect to vote for the bill which proposes to re-
peal the law that allows the drafted nun to pay
S3O0 and be discharged on that payment. I shall
vote for the amendment because I think, now that
it has been announced to the Senate that this war
is to be piosecuted fortwenty yenis, if necessary,
the hoiror of the draft ought to be divided among
the people; that if one set of men are drafted this
year to serve twelve months, and they have to
go because the power of the Government makes
them go whether they can go well or not, then
at the end of the year their neighbois should be
subjected to the same horror, and let this dread-
ful demand upon the service, upon the blood, and
upon the life of the people be distributed upon all.
It is not right to say to twenty men in a neigh-
borhood, " You shall go; you filial! leave your
families whether you can or not; you phall go
without the privilege of commutation whether
you leave starving wives and children behind you
or not;" and then to say to every other man of
the neighborhood, " Because wehave taken these
twenty men for three years you shall remain with
your wives and children safely and comfortably
at home for these three years." _ I like this feat-
ure of the amendment, because it distributes the
horror of the draft more equally and justly over
the whole of our people.
There has been some force in the argument pre-
sented by the Senator from Missouri, that a man
taken fresh into tlxe field is not, so good a soldier
as the veteran; but I understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs that it
is not proposed out of these drafted men to or-
ganize new regiments, but that they shall take
their place in the old and trained regiments, and
I understood from him that the experience of the
war has demonstrated that when the newly en-
listed soldier is placed by the side of the veteran
in the midst of trained regiments he does almost
equally good service with the veteran. I under-
stand frim to take his position on that proposi-
tion. , , ,
If, then, the Senator who is at the head of the
Military Committee, and who represents the War
Department in this body, informs us that, being
thus distributed, the drafted men will do as good
service or almost as good service during the first
year as during the second or third, the only con-
sideration for us is what is right, what is justice,
when we do make this demand upon the people
for their service, their blood, and their lives? I
say let one set of men go for one year, another
for another, and then take the remaining third for
the last year. But I desire to say that I do not
agree with my colleague when he says, and I do
not respond to the sentiment, that this war is to
be supported until all the men of the country have
failed, and that then we shall hand it over to the
women and the children. Sir, I suppose that we
represent a wise people; that there is some wisdom
in the Senate; that this is a body which is gov-
erned by considerations of public policy and pub
lie good, and not by sentiments of passion alone.
Is this war prosecuted to gratify a passion, or is it
prosecuted to save a Government, to save a peo-
ple ? If prosecuted to save a people and a Gov-
ernment, then the sentiment of my colleague can-
not be well supported. His sentiment is that we
shall bring upon ourselves, as well as upon the
southern people, entire destruction; that we snail
leave no people here; that the law with its iron
hand shall take hold of every man in the country
without respect to age provided he has the phys-
ical strength to endure a campaign. I will say to
my colleague that he will not be supported m his
extreme views by the people. The people expect
great results from this campaign; and when an-
other year comes rolling around, and it is found
that this war is not yet closed, and that there is
no reasonable probability of its early elope, my
colleague and Senators who agree with him will
find that the people will say that this effusion of
blood must stop; that there mustbe some adjust-
ment. I prophesy this. Of course I cannot say
that it is so now; but I say that if another year
roils around with tins warns far apparently from
a close as we now perceive it to be my colleague
and other Senators will find this to be $he senti-
ment of the people. .
But, sir, I want to say a word or two upon this
measure as it comes from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. Last winter I opposed the repeal
of the commutation clause, and the Senate agreed
in that view. The Senate disagreed to the prop-
osition that a man should not be allowed to com-
mute; and it remained the law of the land that
there should still be reserved to the citizen when
drafted the right to pay his money and not go to
the field. I ask the Senator who is at the head of
the Militaiy Committee of this body, and who
lepresents the War Department here, what there
is m the history of the country since the Senate
took its position last winter on, this questionthat
authorizes a departure from the policy we declared
then? We then said that we would resort to vol-
unteering rather than to the draft. That was the
view of the Senate. What is there in the lustoiy
of the last tew months which shows that we ought
to abandon the policy that we sustained at the last
vote oil this question? I know of nothing, sir.
A call was, recently road? inthe, Northwest;
whether wis,e or unwise, whether for good.or b#
motives, whether to get a Tor.ce iri theif&Ji| 0i/o?
political considerations, I; will not- slop AOW fo
discuss. A force of one hundred thousand
was called for frotp'a few. of the nortlpMta
States, and what was the response?
weeks, I believe, Ohio furnished the fq^anMHJi)|
demanded of her. Indiana has
understand, about one half—abolit ten thousand
men. I am not informed in respee.t to the,pther
States. This mucji, however, is eertjun, *
call being made, a short call to meet this) present
campaign, the response was immediate. That is
the only call fot volunteers since we amended the
conscription law,and it met a ready response, an
immediate response from the people, because they
hoped this war could be brought to a close this
year. I am free to say that if a demand had been
made upon the people to volunteer for three yearn ■
your regiments wquW.not have been so filled up.
The people now are not ready to go for three
years as they were at first; and' I believe it will
be slow work to fill up the regjments'for three
years, even,if the bounties be ever so large. Bat
the point I make 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allpwi me
simply to make a suggestion on that point-? ,
Mrf HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The State of Ohio that has
sent thirty-eight regiments so promptly and read-
ily into the field for a short term of one hundred
days owes several thousand nien to the country
for three years, and we must have a draft, there
to make them up. ■ ,
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator that
the simple reason of that is because the Govern-
ment has not enforced the draft there.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was not the case
in Indiana. Indiana has given more than her
quota, and I believe she has several thousand men
in advance; and yet her Governor proposed to
furnish twenty thousand men for one hundred
days, and the response of ten.thpuaa <l came up
at o'npe. Whether we can fill - up the ptner ten
regiments I am not prepared to say"; .1 have not
the information. But the point I make to the
Senator who represents the War Department upon
this question is this: he led the party in the Sen-
ate that was opposed last winter to the.repeal of
the commutation clause; he said it was notsound
policy to repeal it; he advocated the propriety of
allowing a man to pay his money when drafted,
and that this money when paid into the Treasury
should be used to pay bounties and secure volun-
teers; I want to know of that Senator—hisspjech
yesterday failed to give us the information—whejt
lias occurred in the history of the country sitice
that time to justify a change of position Oft the
part of Congress. It is, not* enough for the to
know 'tbat the Secretary of War has writte.n us
to do it. , I have not yet bent the knee sohum-
bly as that a mere depend of th? Secretary of Wtyr
is to be responded to by me. It was my judg-
ment last winter that there should be reserved to
the citizen this right of paying his |300> for there
are so many of the people who canpotgo with-
out utter destruction to their interests. That was
my judgment then. I have observed the condi-
tion and progress of the war from that time to
this, and there is nothing, so far as I have ob-
served, to justify me in abandoning the position
that I took when I voted upon the very proposi-
tion of the* Senator from Massachusetts. How,
when the Secretaiy of War addresses us, and
says to us, "Abandon this policy, changeit," I
want him to give us the facts that shall justify
the Senate in abandoning that which it thought
rHit last winter. Why are we not informed of
the number of men in the field? When the Sec-
retary of War asks of us to abandon a position
delibeiotely taken, why are we not told how many-
men are now away from the farms and the work-
shops of the country? Is it seven hundred thou-
sand or is it one million of men that we haye in
the field, and where are they and how ar.e they
being used?
Ido notagrce that the head ofa Department may
wiite to Congress and say," It is my pleasure and
will that you shall abandon apolicy. Ifliewill
give us reasons} facts that justify if} of course then
thopc reasons and facts will have their piopei
weight nnd influence upon our judgments. Hut
what reuson does hp give ? The reason that he gives
