2826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
is that the Provost Marshal General has informed
film that in some eighteen districts in eight differ-
ent States he has commenced the draft, and out
of fourteen thousand drafted men he has secured
but two thousand six hundred men. I believe
that is the information which comestousfromthe
Provost Marshal General's office. That is a very
limited view of the; subject. When three hun:
fired'thousand men are wanted, is the Provost
Marshal General to select out a few districts
wherethe men' drafted amount in all to fourteen
thousand? What districts' they are, in what
States they occur, he does not inform us; but he
selects a few districts, amounting in all to four-
teen thousand drafted men, and he wishes Con-
gress to be governed by the result of the experi-
ment in those districts. Is that enough tojustify
us in abandoning the policy that we adopted ? I
do not believe many men aregoing to be obtained
by a draff, I do not believe a very good army
will be got by a draft; I do not believe an army
will be put in the field'by a draft that will whip
General Lee. Under the system of volunteering
men who can go well go willingly; but by the
draft men are forced to go when their interests
will scarcely allow them to go. They go into the
field, not as volunteers with pride in the cause,
but they go into the field because the iron hand
of the law has taken them and dragged them into
the field. It is not the army that you must have
if you are to have success.
But the Senator from Vermont has said you
cannot draft men now and get them into the field
in time to help General Grant before Richmond.
I think that is plain enough to any Senator. You
cannot get this draftimmediately. If they are to
help General Grant, it must be done very shortly,
unless a siege takes place, which is hardly to be
expected. But I agree with the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont that the draft will not bring
into the field for the present campaign an army
of'much service.
The military operations of the country last year
did not amount to much after the taking of Vicks-
burg on the 4th of July. That substantially closed
the campaign in the Southwest. Very little was
done upon the Potomac after that. And why
should wo assume now that the fall months will
be full of military operations, more than they
were last year? If a draft is to be had, let it come
under the law that we have; let the money be paid
into the Treasury by men who cannot well go,
and let that money be used to pay bounties and
to secure the services of men to go as a voluntary
act. on their part. In that way you will get better
soldiers; you will get them more readily; you will
fill up your army sooner, and you will nil it up
with a better material.
But, sir, my opposition to themeasurejustnow
is because the Secretary of War has not furnished
us any facts that justify the Senate in 'changing
its position.' I take it that Senators voted last
'winter from an understanding of the subject. It
was fully discussed. The volunteering has been
as successful during this spring as any Senator
expected it would be; as many rccnlistments of
the veterans have been secured, I suppose, as the
Senator from Massachusetts expected; I believe
he said m the Senate that it was a success; it is
not questioned that it was a success. Then let
each man that cannot go to the field under the
draft pay his $300, and let that be used for the pur-
pose of encouraging men to volunteer that can go.
The country is not yet stripped of men that have
not families dependent upon them; and being en-
couraged by large bounties, by bounties paid by
the Government, by bounties paid by the States,
by bounties paid by the counties and cities, I ap-
prehend that unless the belief is fastened upon
the public mind that this war is not to end within
any leasonable time, the armies can be filled up
again.
There is one argument that was used by the
Senator from California [Mr. Conncss] and the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown] that I in-
tended to relcr to when I was speaking of the
subject to which I first alluded. They said it
would discourage the country to call out men for
but one year. I look at it from another point of
view. We arc now in the midst of a campaign
that it was said was to close this war: it was pro-
claimed all over the country, it was announced to
foreign Governments that this campaign, with the
mighty military power that we brought'into the
field last winter and spring, was to crush the re-
bellion and to restore the Union. That was the
assurance given to the country and to the world,
and that expectation fastened itself upon the pub-
lic mind; and now will it be said thateven another
year will not do it, that we are not safe in draft-
ing men for a full year from this time, but that
we must go full three years more ? What will be
the effect? The country will say, "The Senate now
declares that this war is not to be closed by this
campaign, it is not to be closed within a twelve-
month, but it is to go on eating out the life of the
country, eating up the resources of the people,
consuming the blood of the people for yet three
years more." That is the position, that is the
argument of the Senator from California and of
all Senators who insist that this draft shall be for
fullihree years. If there is a draft ordered for
one year, the country will say, "That is to com-
plete this campaign with success, and if necessary
to meet one more campaign in the-spring;" but if
you say the draft shall be for three years, it is a
giving out on the part of Congress that we can-
not close this war in a year, that we mijst have
soldiers in the field yet for three years. The
argument I think destroys itself.
I shall vote for the proposition of the Senator
fitom Massachusetts, tnat the President may have
power to make a draft for twelve months instead
of three years. For that single proposition I
shall vote, because then you conform the con-
scription law to the laws which allow volunteers.
Under the present law the President is author-
ized to call volunteers into the field for any term
not exceeding three years. It is under that law
that he has called men out for a year. It is under
that law he has accepted volunteers for one hun-
dred days. Conform the conscription law in
that particular to the law authorizing the calling
for volunteers, and I think it will be well; I see
no objection to it. I am willing to give to the
President that discretion. Let the responsibility
be upon him. Let us say simply that the Presi-
dent may enforce the conscription law for such a
term as in hisjudgmentthe public service requires,
not to exceed three years; for that will mitigate
its severity. I am willing to vote for that, but I
am not willing to go further simply because the
Secretary of War demands it of us, and to repeal
the commutation clause.
Mr. NESMITH. Mr. President, I favor the
bill which was offered by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Morgan,] referred to the Military
Committee, acted upon by them, and reported
back to the Senate, for the simple repeal of the
commutation clause in the enrollment act. When
the amendatory enrollment bill was before the
Senate last January, I offered an amendment to
it, repealing the commutation clause. The ques-
tion was discussed at some length in the Senate
by the Senator from Missouri and by the Sena-
tor fiom Indiana; and I thought that Che reasons
that were then presented ought to have been suf-
ficient to.induce the Senate to dispense with that
clause of the law. The predictions which were
then made, I think, have been fully realized. It
was stated then that wo should be driven to the
necessity of repealing that clause of the law, or
else we should be compelled to dispense with the
services of men in the field. The time has ar-
rived when men will not volunteer for a period
which ie calculatcd to render them efficient as
vsoldieis; the country is in an extremity which
demands their services; and the only remedy that
is left is to take such steps as will bring men to
fill up the ranks of the Army.
There have been periods in the history ofevery
Government and every country when it has be-
come necessary that a portion of its citizens
should devote themselves to the service of their
country, and die for it if necessary. That period
I think has anived here; that crisis is now upon
us; and whatever we may say or whatever we
may desire to do in relation to the accommoda-
tion of the draft to the wishes of the majority of
the people, we must consult at the same time the
interests of the country. His due to the country
that we should be impressed with the importance
of the considerations which now weigh upon it,
and the necessity of men not for a few days or a
few months, but men who are to devote them-
selves to that service, and to become veteran sol-
diers for the defense of the country.
1 thought that I foresaw at the commencement
of this rebellion that it was not to be terminated
in either thirty, sixty, or ninety days. I take but
httlecredittomyself for that foresight, for I think
any man of ordinary intelligence should have
known that a war of the magnitude of that upon
which we were then about to enter could not be
closed in that brief period1, that ten million people,
who were determined to consummate the crime
of overthrowing and destroying the Government,
could not be subdued in any period so brief, par-
ticularly when they inhabited a country of such
vast extent. In 1861, when the incipient meas-
ures were taken here for the raising of new regi-
ments, the proposition was made that the system
which had heretofore prevailed of raisingsoldiers
for five years should be dispensed with, and that
in order to fill up the new regiments the period of
enlistment should be two or three years. I op-
posed it as a member of the Military Committee,
and I was in favor of the period being continued
at five years. I thought 1 foresaw the necessity
of a standing army, and the necessity for an army
involved the necessity for veterans.
I said that I should be glad to accommodate the
people; I would be glad to popularize this con-
scription law if possible; I would be glad to con-
cede what the Senator from Vermont states is
eminently just. He states that it is unjust for a
portion of the people to be called into the field to
serve as soldiers for a period of three years while
their neighbors remain at home and render no
service at all. That may be practically true; but
the Government is to be served upon the one side,
while the interests of the people are to be con-
sulted upon the other, and I think, as I stated be-
fore, that the crisis has arrived when we must
consult the interests of the Government. If the
commutation clause had been left out of the con-
scription law originally when it was passed by
the Senate, or if it had been repealed last winter,
none of these difficulties would now have to be
met. In place of reducing your patriotism to a
money standard, a paltry sum of $300which is to
discharge all the liabilities that a man owes to the
Government, instead of filling your coffers with
money, you would now have your ranks filled
with men; and when it became necessary to re-
sort to stringent measures to raise troops, those
measures .should have been executed without any
faltering, and the Army should have been filled up.
It might have been filled up if the conscription
law had been executed, divested, as it should
have been, of the commutation clause. I pre-
dicted then that before the-adjournment of this
session of Congress we should find a necessity for
its repeal. The necessity existed at that time,
and I believe now it is forcing itself upon the
minds not only of the country but of Senators
that it must be repealed.
The Senator from Vermont suggests that one
year is a sufficient peiiod of time for which to
draft men; that it is onerous; that it is a burden
upon the people to take one man from his home
while you leave his neighbor by his side to re-
main and demand of him no service. That, it is
true, is his misfortune; the country demands his
services; and if one man is so unfortunate as to be
drafted while another escapes the draft, that is a
mere difference of circumstance or a difference in
fortune. The Senator thinks that one year is a
sufficient period, and he suggests, in order to
remedy the difficulties which will occur by reason
of the reduction of the Army, that this system of
drafting can be constantly going on; that new men
can be drafted to fill up the ranks as the set vice
of the one year men expires. I think that would
render the entire system nugatory. You would
have two streams passing backward and forward;
one stream of transportation going to the Army,
and another stream of transportation returning
from the Army; one stream of soldiers goingand
another leturning, and neither of them lemaining
there long enough to become efficient, or to ren-
der any service to the country. You would en-
hance the cost of the war perhaps one hundred
fold by resorting to this temporary expedient for
the purpose of popularizing a system of drafting
men, which never can become popular. Thereis
no popularity about it. There is a question of
fairness about it, but there is no popularity in it.
I say the men should be drafted for a period ne-
cessary to close the war if possible. I do riot
know that it can be closed in three years, or in five
years, or in ten years; but whatever the term is,
