222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June SO,
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
On screws, commonly called wood screws, a
duty of ten per centum ad valorem.
On clocks and timepieces, and on clock move-
ments, when sold without being cased, a duty of
fiveper centum ad valorem.
- On umbrellas and parasols made of cotton or
silk, or other material, a duty of five per centum
-ad valorem.
On gold leaf,eighteen cents per pack, contain-
ing not more than twenty books of twenty-five
leaves each.
On gold foil, two dollars per ounce troy weight.
On paper of all descriptions, including paste-
board, binders* board, and tarred paper for roof-
ing or oth-er purposes, a duty of thiee percentum
ad valorem.
5 On soap, castiie, palm-oil, erasive, and soap of
ell other descriptions, white or colored, except
•soft soap and soap otherwise provided for, val-
i-ued at not above five cents per pound, a duty of
two mills per pound; valued at above five cents
'•per pound', a duty of one cent per pound.
• On soap, fancy, scented, honey, cream, trans-
parent, and all descriptions of toilet and shaving
soap, a duty of five cents per pound.
On soft soap, a duty of Ave per centum ad ralo-
• rem.
On all uncompounded chemical productions, not
otherwise provided for, a duty of five per centum
ad valorem.
On essential oils, of all descriptions, a duty of
five per centum ad valorem.
On pickles, preserved fruits, preserved vegeta-
bles, preserved meats, fish, and shell-fish in cans,
kegs, or air-tight packages, a duty of five per
centum ad valorem.
On bill-heads, printed,printed cards,and printed
circulars, a dufey of five percentum ad valorem.
On all printed books, magazines,pamphlets, re-
views, and all jther similar printed publications,
except newspapers, a duty of five per centum ad
valorem.
On productions of stereotypers, lithographers,
and engravers, a duty of five percentum act valo-
rem.
On photographs, or any other sun picture, being
copies of engravings or works of art, or used for
the illustration of books, and on photographs so
- email in size that stamps cannot be affixed, a duty
of five per centum ad valorem.
On all repairs of engines, cars, carriages, or
other articles, when such repairs increase the value
of the articles so repaired ten per centum or over,
a duty of three per centum on such increased
value: Provided, That on such repairs made upon
ships, steamboats, or other vessels, a duty of two
per centum only on the increased value shall be
assessed.
On the hulls, as launched, of all ships, barks,
bngs, schooncrs, sloops, sail-boats, steamboats,
canal-boats, and all other vessels or water craft,
(not including engines or rigging,) hereafter built,
made, constructed, or finished, a duty of two per
centum ad valorem.
On slate, freestone, sand stone, marble, and build-
ing stone of any other description, when dressed,
hewn, or finished, a duty of three per centum
ad valorem: Provided, That the cost for the erec-
tion, fitting, adjusting, or setting building stone
of any description, shall not be included in the
assessment of any duties thereon.
On marble, and other monumental stones, with
or without inscriptions, five percentum ad valo-
rem.
On lime and Roman or water cement, a duty of
throe per centum ad valorem.
On orick, draining tiles, and earthern and stone
water pipes, a duty of three per centum ad valo-
rem.
On rnasts, spars, and ship or vessel blocks,
whether made to order or for sale, a duty of two
per centum ad valorem.
On allfurniture,orother&rticlesmade of wood,
sold m the rough or unfinished, a duty of five per
centum ad valorem: Provided, That all furniture,
or other articles made of wood, previously as-
sessed, and a duty paid thereon, shkll be assessed
a duty of five per centum ad valorem upon the in-
creased value only thereof when sold in a finished
condition.
On salt, a duty of six cents per one hundred
pounds.
On sails, tents, shades, awnings, and bags,made
of cotton, flax, or hemp, or part of either or other
material, five per centnm act valorem: Provided,
That when the material from which any of the
foregoing articles are made was imported, or has
been subject to and paid a duty, and the same is
made by sewing«aduty shall be assessed only on
the increased vanfe thereof.
On artificial mineral waters, soda waters, sar-
saparilla water, and all beverages used for like
purposes, sold in bottles, or from fountains or
otherwise, and not otherwise provided for,aduty
of five per centum ad valorem.
On mineral or medicinal waters, orwaters from
springs impregnated with minerals, a duty of one
half cent on each bottle containing not more than
one pint; when containing more than one pint
and not more than ono quart, one cent; when
containing more than one quart, for each addi-
tional quart or fractional part thereof, one cent.
On pig iron, a duty of two dollars per ton.
On blooms, slabs, or loops, when made in forges
or bloomeries, directly from the ore, a duty of
three dollars per ton.
Ort railroad iron, a duty of three dollars per ton.
On railroad iron, rerolled, a duty of two dol-
lars per ton: Provided, That the term rerolled
shall apply only to rails for which the manufac-
turer receives pay for manufacturing, and not for
new iron.
On ail iron advanced beyond blooms, slabs, or
loops, and not advanced beyond bars, and band,
hoop, and sheet iron, not thinner than number
eighteen wire gauge, and'plate iron not less than
one eighth of an inch in thickness, a duty of three
dollars per ton: Provided, That a ton shall,forall
the purposes of this act, be deemed and taken to
be two thousand pounds.
On band, hoop, and sheet iron, thinner than
number eighteen wire gauge, plate iron less than
one eighth of an inch in thickness, and cut nails
and spikes, not including nails, tacks, brads, or
finishing nails, usually put up and sold in pa-
pers, whether in papers or otherwise, nor horse-
shoe nails wrought by machinery, a duty of five
dollars per ton: Provided, That bars, rods, ax-
polls, bands, hoops, sheets, plates, nails, and
spikes, not including such as are usually put up
in papers, nor horseshue nails wrought by ma-
chinery, as before mentioned, manufactured from
iron, upon which the duty of three dollars has
been levied and paid, shall be subject only to a
duty of two dollars per ton in addition thereto,
anything in this act to thecontrary notwithstand-
ing.
On iron castings used for bridges or other per-
manent structures, a duty of three dollars per
ton.
On stoves and hollow-ware and casSin^s of iron
exceeding ten pounds in weight foreach casting,
not otherwise provided for, a duty of three dollars
per ton.
On rivets exceeding one fourth of an inch in
diameter, nuts and washers not less than two
ounces each in weight, and bolts exceeding five
sixteenths of one inch in diameter, a duty of five
dollars per ton: Provided, That when a duty upon
the iron from which rivets, nuts, washers, and
bolts, as aforesaid, shall have been made, has paid
a duty of not less than three dollars per ton, a
duty only, in addition thereto, shall be paid of two
dollars per ton: Provided farther, That castings
of iron, and iron of all descriptions advanced
beyond pig iron, blooms, slabs, or loops, upon
which no duty has been assessed or paid in the
form of pjg iron, blooms, slabs, or loops, shall
be assessed and pay, in addition to the foregoing
rates of iron so advanced, a duty of three dollars
per ton.
On steel, in ingots, bars, sheets, or wire, not
less that one fourth of an inch in thickness, val-
ued at seven cents per pound or less, a duty of
five dollars per ton; valued at above seven cents
per pound, and not above eleven-cents per pound,
a duty of ten dollars per ton; valued at above
eleven cents, a duty of twelve dollars and fifty
cents per ton: Provided, That steei rolled, and
sheet, rod, or wire made of steel upon which a
duty has been assessed and paid, shall be as-
sessed and pay a duty of five per centum ad
valorem upon the increased value only thereof.
On steam engines, including locomotive arid
marine engines, a duty of three per centum ad
valorem.
On quicksilver produced from the ore, a duty of
two per centum ad valorem.
On copper and lead ingots, pigs or bars, and
spelter and brass, a duty of three per centum ad
valorem.
On rolled brass, copper rolled, yellow sheath-
ing metal, in rods or sheets, and shot, sheet
lead, and lead pipes, a duty of three per centum
ad valorem: Provided, That when any of the
articles herein mentioned shall not have been as-
sessed and a duty paid thereon of three per centum,
in the form of ingots, pigs, or bars, a duty of five
percentum shall be assessed and paid thereon.
On goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog
skins, tanned or dressed in the rough, a d.uty of
five per centum ad valorem.
On goat, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog
skins, curried or finished, a duty of five percentum
ad valorem: Provided, That all goat, calf, kid,
sheep, horse, hog, and dog skins, previously
assessed in the rough, and upon which duties
have been actually paid, shall be assessed on the
increased value only when curried or finished.
On patent, enameled, and japanned leather and
skins of every description, a duty of five per
centum ad valorem.
On oil-dressed leather and deer skins, dressed
or smoked, a duty of five percentum ad valorem:
Provided, That when leather orskins, upon which
a duty has been previously assessed and paid,
shall be manufactured into gloves, mittens, or
moccasins, the duty shall only be assessed upon
the increased value thereof when so manufactured.
On leather of all descriptions, tanned or par-
tially tanned, in the rough, a duty of five per
centum ad valorem.
On leather of all descriptions, curried or fin-
ished, a duty of five per centum ad valorem: Pro-
vided., That all leather previously assessed in the
rough and upon which duties have been actually
paid shall be assessed on the increased value only
when curried or finished.
On wine made of grapes, a duty of five cents
per gallon.
On all other wines or liquors known or denom-
inated as wine, not made from currants, rhubarb,
or berries, produced by being rectified or mixed
with other spirits, or into which any matter what-
ever may be infused to be sold as wine, or by any
other name, and not otherwise provided for in
this act, a duty offifty cents per gallon: Provided,
That the returns, assessment, and collections of
the duties on such wines shall be subject to the
r< gulations of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. And any peison who shall willingly
and knowingly sell, or offer for sale, any such
wine made after the passage of this act, upon
which theduty herein imposed has notbecn paid,
or which has been fraudulently evaded, shall,
upon conviction thereof, be subject to a penalty
of one hundred dollars, or to imprisonment not
exceeding two years, at the discretion of the court.
On furs of all descriptions, when made up or
manufactured, a duty offive per centum ad valo-
rem: Provided, That ail manufactured furs, on
which a duty has been previously assessed and
paid before manufacture, it shall be assessed only
on the increased value thereof when so manufac-
tured.
On cloth and all textile or knitted or felted
fabrics of cotton, wool, or other materials, before
the same has been dyed,printed, or bleached,and
on all cloth painted, enameled, shirred, tarred,
varnished, or oiled, a duty of five per centum ad
valorem: Provided, That thread and yarn, and
warps for weaving shall be regarded as manu-
factures, and be subject to a duty of five per
centum a(3 valorem.
On ready-made clothing, boots and shoes,
gloves, mittens, and moccasins, caps, hats, and
bonnets, or other articles of diess fur the wear of
men, women, or children, five per centum ad va-
lorem: Provided, That any tailor, boot or shoe
maker, hat, cap, or bonnet maker, milliner or
dressmaker, exclusively engaged in manufactur-
ing any of the foregoing articles to order as cus-
tom work, and not for sale generally, who shall
make affidavit to the assessor or assistant assess-
or, that the entire amount of such manufactures
so made does not exceed the sum of six hundred
