1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong..,.,1stSess.
dollars per annum, shall be exempt from duty,
when exceeding six hundred dollars perannum,
a duty of three per centum ad valorem on the ex-
cess above six hundred dollars.
On cotton upon which no duty has been levied,
collected, or paid, and which is not exempted by
law, a duty of two cents per pound, which shall
be and remain a lien thereon, until said duty shall
have been paid, in the possession of any person
or persons whomsoever.
On all manufactures of cotton, wool, silk,
worsted, flax, hemp, jute, India rubber, gutta
percha, wood, willow,glass, pottery-ware, leather,
paper, iron, steel, lead, tin, copper, zinc, brass,
gold, silver, horn, ivory, bone, bristles, wholly
or in part, or of other materials not in this act
otherwise provided for, a duty of five percentum
ad valorem: Provided, That on all cloths dyed,
printed, or bleached, on which a duty or tax shall
have been paid before the same were so dyed,
printed, or bleached, the said duty or tax of five
per centum shall be assessed only upon the in-
creased value thereof: Jlnd provided further, That
any cloth or fabrics, as aforesaid, when made of
thread, yarn, or warps, upon which a duty, as
aforesaid, shall have been assessed and paid,
shall be assessed and pay a duty on the increased
value only thereof.
On all diamonds, emeralds, precious stones,
and imitations thereof, and all other jewelry, a
duty of ten per centum ad valorem: Provided,
That when diamonds, emeralds, precious stones,
or imitations thereof, imported from foreign
countries, or upon which import duties have been
paid, shall be set or reset in gold, or any other
material, the duty shall be assessed and paid upon
the value only of the settings.
On cavendish, plug, twist, and all other kinds
of'manufactured tobacco, not herein provided for,
from which the stem has been taken out in whole
or in part, or which is sweetened, thirty-five cents
per pound.
On smoking tobacco manufactured with all the
stem in, the leaf not having been butted or
stripped from the stem, and on refuse tobacco
known as fine-cut shorts, twenty-five cents per
pound.
On smoking tobacco made exclusively of stems,
and not mixed with leaf or leaf and stems, fifteen
cents per pound.
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco, or any sub-
stitute for lobacco, grounddry ordatnp, pickled,
scented, or otherwise, of all descriptions, thirty-
five cents per pound.
On fine-cut chewing tobacco, whether manu-
factured with the stems in or not, or however sold,
whether loose, in bulk, or in packages, papers,
wrappers, or boxes, thirty-five cents per pound
On cigarettes made of tobacco, inclosed in a
paper wrapper, valued at not over five dollars per
hundred packages, each containing not more than
twenty-five cigarettes, one dollar per hundred
packages. And all cigarettes made of tobacco
inclosed in a paper wrapper, valued at over five
dollars per hundred packages, as aforesaid, shall
i>e subject to the same duties herein provided for
cigars of like value.
On cigarettes made wholly of tobacco, and also
on cigars known as cheroots, or short sixes,
valued in each case at not over five dollars per
thousand, three dollars per thousand.
Oil cigars, valued at over five dollars and not
over fifteen dollars^per thousand, eight dollars per
thousand.
On cigars, valued at over fifteen dollars and not
over thirty dollars per thousand, fifteen dollars
per thousand.
On cigars, valued at over thirty dollars per
thousand and not over foi ty-five dollars, twenty-
five dollars per thousand.
On cigars, at over forty-five dollars per thou-
sand, forty dollars per thousand, and the valua-
tion of cigars herein mentioned shall in all cases
be the value of the cigars exclusive of the tax.
And all cigars manufactured after the passage
of this act shall be packed in bundles, boxes, or
packages open to inspection, and correctly labeled
with the number and kind contained therein, and
afterinspection, unless the same shall be removed
to a bonded warehouse for exportation, shall be
stamped by the inspector with stamps to be pro-
vided by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
denoting the tax thereon, and so affixed that the
bundle or box cannot be opened without effacing
or destroying said stamp. And any bundle,box,
or package of cigars which shall be sold, or pass
out of the hands of the manufacturer, except into
a bonded warehouse, without such stamps so
affixed by an inspector, shall be forfeited, and
may be seized wherever found, and sold, one
half of the proceeds of such sale to be paid to the
informer and the other to the United States. And
every person, before making any cigars after the
passage of this act, shall apply for and procure
from the assistant assessor of the district in which
he or she resides, a permit authorizing such per-
son to carry on the trade of cigar-making, for
which permit he or she shall pay said assistant
assessor the sum of twenty-five cents. And every
person employed, or working at the business of
cigar-making in any other district than that in
which he or she is a resident, shall, before making
any cigars in such other district, present said
permit to the assistant assessor of the district
where so employed or working, and procure the
indorsement of said assistant assessor thereon,
authorizing said business in said district, for
which indorsement the assistant assessor shall
be entitled to receive from the applicant the sum
of ten cents. And it shall be the duty of every
assistant assessor, upon application of any per-
son residing in his district, to furnish a permit,
or to indorse upon the permit of the applicant,
if resident in another district, authority to pur-
sue the trade of cigar-making within the proper
districtof such assistant assessor; and said assist-
ant assessor shall keep a record of all permits
granted, or indorsed by him, showing the date
of each permit, the name, residence, and place
of employment of the party named therein, die
illy
name and district of the officer who originally
granted the same, or who may have made any
subsequent indorsements thereon, and the name
or names of the party or parties by whom the
person named in such permit is employed, or, if
working for himself or herself, stating such fact;
and every person making cigars shall keep an
accurate account of all the cigars made by him or
her, for whom, and their kind or quality; and,if
made for any other person, shall state in said
account the name of the peison or persons for
whom the same were made, and his or their place
of business, and shall, on the first Monday of
every month, deliver to the assistant assessor of
the district, if required by him, a copy of such
account, verified by oath or affirmation that the
same is true and correct. And if any person
shall make any cigars without procuring such
permit, or the proper indorsement thereon, he
or she shall be punished by a fine of five dollars
for each day he or she shall so offend, or by im-
prisonment for such time as the court may order
for each day'soffense, not exceeding thirty days
in the whole upon any one conviction. And if
any person making cigars shall fail to mase the
return herein required, or shall make a false re-
turn, he or she shall be punished by a fine not
exceeding one hundred dollars, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding thirty days. And if any
person, firm, company, or corporation shall em-
ploy or procure any person to make any cigars,
who has not the permit or the indorsement thereon
required by this act, he, she, or they shall be
punished by a fine of ten dollars for each day he,
she, or they shall so employ such person, or by
imprisonment not exceeding ten days. And if
any person shall be found making cigars without
such permit, or the indorsement thereon, tile col-
lector of the district may seize any cigars, or
tobacco for making cigars, which may be found
in possession of such person, and the same shall
be forfeited to the United States and sold; and
one half of the proceeds paid to the United States,
one fourth to the informer, and the other fourth
to the collector making the seizure.
On bullion in lump, ingot, bar, or otherwise, a
duty of one halfofone per centum ad valorem, to be
paiu by the assayerof the same, who shall stamp
the product of the assay as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, may prescribe by general
regulations. And every and all sales, transfers,
i exchanges, transportation, and exportation of
I gold or silver assayed at any mint of the United
States, or by any private assayer, unless stamped
as prescribed by general regulations,as aforesaid,
is hereby declared unlawful; and every person
or corporation who shall sell, transfer,'transport,
exchange, export, or deal in the same, shall be
subject to a penalty of one thousand dollars, for
each offense, and to a fine not exceeding that
sum, and to imprisonment for a term not exceeds-
ing two years nor less than six months. No
jeweler, worker, or artificer in gold and.silver,
shall use either of those metals except it shall
have first been stamped as aforesaid, as required
by this act; and every violation of this section
shall subject the offender to the penalties con-
tained herein. No person or corporation shall
take, transport, or cause to be transported, ex-
port, or cause to be. exported from the JJnited
States any gold or silver in its natural state, un-
coined or unassayed, and unstamped, «s afore-
said; and for every violation of this provision
every offender shall be subject to the penalties
contained herein: Provided, That the foregoing
subdivision of this section providing for a tax on
gold and silver shall only be in force from and
after sixty days after the passage of this act.
Sec. 95. Jini be it further enacted, That when-
ever any manufactured articles, goods, wares,
or merchandise on which an excise or impost
duty has been paid, and which are not specially
provided for, are increased in value by being pol-
ished, painted, varnished, waxed, oiled, gilded,
electrotyped, galvanized, plated, framed,ground,
pressed, colored, dyed, trimmed, ornamented, or
otherwise more completely fiaished or fitted for
use or sale, without changing the original char-
acter or purposes for which the same are intended
to be used, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid a tax of five per centum ad valorem upon
the amount of such increased value, to be ascer-
tained by deducting from the value of the finished
article when sold, or removed for sale, delivery,
or consumption, the cost or value of the original
article to the person, firm, or company liable to
the duty imposed upon the increased value there-
of. The increasingof values in the manner afore-
said sha'l be deemed manufacturing, and any
person, firm, company, or corporation engaged
therein shall be liable to all the provisions of law
for the collection of internal duties relating to
manufacturers, as to licenses, returns, payment
of taxes, liens, fines, penalties, and forfeitures.
Sec. 96. And be it further enacted, That news-
papers, boards, shingles, laths, and other lumber,
staves, hoops, shooks, headings, and timber par-
tially wrought and unfinished for ehairs, tubs,
pails, hubs, spokes, felloes, snaths, lasts, shovel
and fork handles, matchwood, umbrella stretch-
ers, alcohol made or manufactured of spirits or
materials upon which the duties imposed by law
shall have been paid, bone dust, plastei or gypsum,
malt, burning fluid, printers' ink, flax prepared
for textile or felting purposes until actually woven,
marble and slate, or other building stones in block,
rough and unwrought, charcoal, coke, all 'flour
and meal msde from grain, bread and breadstuffs,
butter, cheese, concentrated milk, paraffine, whale
and fish oil, value of the bullion used in the
manufacture of silver ware, silver bullion rolled
or prepared for platers' use exclusively, mate-
rials prepared for the manufacture of hoop-skirts
exclusively and unfit for other use, (such us cut
tapes and small wares for joining hoops together,)
shall be, and hereby are, exempt from duty.
And also all goods, wares,and merchandise, and
aiticles made or manufactured from materials
which have been subject to, and upon which in-
ternal duties have been actually paid, or materials
imported upon which duties have been paid, or
upon which no duties have been imposed by law,
where the increased value of such goods, wares,
or merchandise, and articles so made or mariufac-
tuied, shall not exceed the amount of five per
centum ad valorem, shall be, and hereby are,
exempt from duty.
Sec. 97. Jlndbeitfurtherenacted,Thatevery per-
son, firm, or corporation, who shall have made
any contract.priorto the passage of this act, and
without other provision therein for the payment
of duties imposed by law enacted subsequent
thereto, upon articles to be delivered under such
contract, is hereby authorized and empowered to
add to the price thereof so much money as will
