1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we should have men who become inured to the
hardships and the toils of the field, who will
make good soldiers, and who when they are there
will remain. I do not mean to keep them there
compulsorily, or in violation of their contract, or
in violation of the law; but I would make the law
such that when you get a man into the ranks, and
he becomes an efficient soldier, his services shall
not be dispensed with at the end of ninety days
or six months, and then some raw man be taken
who is to go through the same process, thus en-
hancing the expense of the thing two or three
hundredfold. The success of the southern armies
has resulted from the very circumstance that their
services are perpetual. They discharge no man
from their army. Aman oncegotinto the south-
ern army, and made a soldier, is a soldier for the
war, perfectly regardless of the time for which he
originally enlisted or the law under which he en-
listed; he is compelled to serve so long as his
leaders conceive that they need his services.
I think the recent campaign, and in fact all the
battles of the last year, have demonstrated the
benefit to be derived from old .soldiers. One of
them is certainly worth five or six raw recruits
on the field of battle. Suppose, sir, that Lee's
army, with its present experience and discipline,
was confronted by an army of raw recruits; sup-
pose that the army to-day under General Grant
was such an army as was led to the battle of Bull
Run, how long would they face the enemy?
Why, sir, they would be driven from Virginia like
sheep; they could not stand a moment; one regi-
ment would drive a division of them. But now
our men have come to a point where they are ir-
resistible. They have been reduced to perfect dis-
cipline. They have been inured to the hardships
of the field; they have become perfect soldiers in
every respect; and if you undertake now to change
your policy as to the term of enlistment,when you
dispense with these soldiers you will never have
an army again; you will have a volunteer rabble
as you had at the commencement of the war, and
you will not keep men in the ranks sufficiently
long to reduce them to discipline, or even subordi-
nation.
I oppose the amendment, because I believe that
it is fraught with the greatest danger. I think
this is no time to resort to a temporizing policy in
order to popularize the draft or to make it more
palatable to the people. The country is in an ex-
tremity. We must have the services of men, and
we must have their services for a sufficient time
to make them efficient and valuable to the coun-
try. I shall vote for no such measure as this
amendment. I shall merely vote for the naked
proposition to repeal the commutation clause as
recommended by the Military Committee, and
that will make the bill efficient. Then we shall
be able to raise troops for three years and to fill
the ranks at once; not fill our coffers with green-
backs, but raise substantial men, men: capable of
carrying the musketand the bayonet,and of driv-
ing the rebels off the continent if necessary.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, the
legislation upon the subject of conscription, as 1
understand it, has been this: early in 1863 we
passed a conscription law allowing the right of
substitution and the nghtof commutation by pay-
ing §300. At the beginning of the present session
an amendment was proposed to that original con-
scription law, and then a motion was made to re-
peal the $300 commutation clause. At that time
we Imd had but slight experience in the enforce-
ment of the draft. For the first draft we received
some thirty-five thousand men, who did not pay
their commutation money; some forty-seven thou-
sand paid it. I thought I saw at that time that
the operation of the law would never be effective
while' the commutation clause was retained in it,
and hence I moved to lepeal it; and in my speech
1 gave it as my opinion that if that provision of
the law remained in force you would notgetmore
than twenty per cent, of all the men drafted under
it. The report now of your Provost Marshal
General shows that instead of getting twenty per
* cent, you have got only seven per cent. Only
seven men out of every hundred have been brought
to the ranks of the Army under the effect of this
commutation clause. It does seem to me it is too
plain for argument. You draft a man, and say to
him that he may buy his exemption for $300,
when at the same time he can get seven or eight
hundred dollars bounty if he wishes to go into
the Army. He will'never come in under a draft.
It is wholly inoperative'; If a young man wishes
to go into the Army he will not enter under -the
draft, because he can buy his exemption for §300,
and he can get seven or eight hundred dollars
bounty as a substitute. It is the plainest possible
proposition, as it seems to me.
But my distinguished colleague asks, what is
therein tlie changed condition of the country since
the first of this session which renders it necessary
to repeal that clause now and not necessary at that
time? (The force of that argument does notstrike
me, for I was for the repeal Oif the $300 commu-
tation at the beginning of this session of Congress,
and so voted and so spoke. But many things have
transpired since that time which it seems to me
authorize this change. At that time it was said
by gentlemen with great confidence, and I doubt
not with great candor, that the draft would be
effective; that it would bring men into the field
and in sufficient numbers to uphold the standard
of the country. I feared then that such would not
be the result; and what was then prophesied,
what was then simple apprehension, is now his-
tory. It is now shown that the law is inoperative.
But my distinguished colleague takes another
position which I think the history of thS country
does not sustain. He says you cannot by draft
procure an army which will ever conquer Lee's
army. Every single soldier that Lee has in the
field has been brought there by draft and con-
scription. From the beginning of the rebellion
there is no man there that is not there by draft
and conscription; and if that argument be true it
goes to this extent, that a man drafted in the North
is not equal to a man drafted in the South. That
is the whole of it, for their army is an army of
conscripts. Does not my distinguished colleague
remember that the Army of 1812 was filled in a
great degree by drafted men; that many of those
who fought that second war of independence and
closed in glory at New Orleans that second con-
test for independence and nationality were drafted
imo the Army? I suppose simply because you
draft a man, you do not change his nature, you
do not change the free current of his Anglo-Saxon
blood which makes him the representative of the
conquering race of mankind upon the whole earth.
Another position assumed by my distinguished
colleague was in answer to the few desultory re-
marks which I made yesterday, in which I ex-
pressed the opinion that this contest was to be
fought out to the bitter end, that this fiery and
bloody ordeal through which the country was
passing should lead to anation's redemption; and
if I understood aright his position to-day, it is
that at the present the people are not for peace-,
but if the war be prolonged for more than, one
year then the people will be for peace, because of
the drain caused by the war upon the industrial
interests of the country and the blood of the coun-
try. 1 dissent utterly and entirely from that whole
position. Would my distinguished colleague
send commissioners to-day to treat with rebels in
arms? Would he favor an amnesty proclamation
of peace to the rebels to-day > Would he say to the
condemned traitor felon, trembling under the gal-
lows with a halter around his neck, that he shall dic-
tate terms to the judge and to the executioner ? I am
for nn peace exc'eptapeace which shall come at the
end of a successful war, whether that war lasts one
year, two years, five years, or one hundred years.
Let gentlemen make up their minds to it. 1 hope
the war maybe closed and closed speedily; Ihope
much from this present campaign; but even though
your armies shall be unsuccessful, I still fall back
upon those eternal, God-given, liberty-loving in-
stincts which warm the human heart, and 1 will
rally by draft, by conscription, by volunteering,
another army. This is the conflict of ages, and
the battle for all ages to come; and I contemplate no
time when I shall be willing to lay down our arms
short of the entire submission of the people of the
South to the laws and Constitution of the. United
States. I know of no terms short of those which
will satisfy the American people;, and with great
respect to the opinions of my distinguished col-
league, I cannot for a moment believe that the peo-
p"le°will tire of this contest simply because it is pro-
tracted. Is there anything in the history of the
loyal, true-hearted, noble men of the country that,
authorizes an inference like that? Whenever your
President has made a call for troops it has been
promptly responded to. Again and again the peo-
ple have answered the callso'f the Presi(lent, and
more than answered them." Is thereany evidence
that the people are relaxing in their, tleteripttlp-
tion to suppress the rebellion ? Are the grand in-
terests at stake less now than th6y were th r§e jjears
ago, when the contest began ? They are infinitely
higher andgreaterand beyond what any inan'cori-
templated at the beginning df the rebellion.; The
whole interests of mankind are jiow involved fn
it, the whole interests of free government and free
institutions, and I ask you to rise to the dignify
of the grand argument before you, rise above the
murky mists which surround the base of the
mountain, get'up to the patriotic view in the
bright sunshine of freedom, and recognize what
the people expect in thfs crisis and, what God de-
mands.
Sfcall there be a relaxation in our efforts simply
because the struggle has been prolonged an,d baa
been protracted? That is the argument. 'We
hear it again and again. It crops out at every
point in newspapers and "platforms and speeches
and joint resolutions in this body, and I w,ish ohce
and forever to put the seal of condemnation upon
any such thing. I would carry this war on if in
order to subdue the rebellion you make a pathway
of desolation from the Potomac to the_ Gulf of
Mexico. Do you believe the people will tire of
the war in one year ? No, sir; the whole history
of the past forbids it. More than a million of
men have gone forth to battle in this controversy,
and my distinguished colleague asks how many
men are now away from the workshops and tile
fields, how many men are now in your Army, and
he seems to find fault with the Secretary of War
because he cannot answer that question.. No
power of intelligence this side of God in heaven
can now answer it. You know how many you
have called into the service; but how many lan-
guish in your hospitals, how many have found
graves upon the battle-field, how many have been
disabled, the grand roll-call of eternity will alone
disclose. How many men we have now at, this
moment in the service of the country is not known.
But because these great sacrifices have been made
is that a reason why we shall now abandon the
contest? The greater reason why we should
prosecute the contest successfully. If we were
even inclined to be recreant to what I conceive to
be our duty, a voice of rebuke would rise up from
the hundred thousand graves dotted all over the
battle-fields of the South. Is this contest an idle
sport,or is it a contest for a great principle—the
grandest principle for which men have'ever con-
tended? Have you called out your million of
men in vain? Have you lost one hundred thousand
soldiers in vain? Have your fields been wasted
in vain ? And if you now accept an ignoble, and
what to my mind would be a disgraceful peace
with rebels with arms in,their hands.it seems to
me that the whole fruits "of the contest will haife
passed away. , '. '
Three years ago gentlemen told you upon this
floor that if you suspended the' privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus the people would rise an.d
rebuke the Administration, a reaction would coma
about, and the war policy would fail. Three
years have passed away, and yet, thank Grod, toe
people's nerves ?ire strung to,a yet higher tension,
and the great heart o'f the nation yet beats more
hopeful of final,triumph. Then you were told
that arbitrary arresls were to work the great re-
action; and what is that reaction? A reaction
against loyalty,against truth,against patriotism ?
A reaction that will put ,one party in power and
another out of power? I, upon an occasion like
this, love my country more than party. I am
intent upon saving the country anil not looking
to the inteiosts or behests of party.
You were next told that if the emancipation
proclamation was issued, that would produce a
reaction, and make the people wondeifully tired
of the war. Has such been the effect? Have the
people shown any greater disposition to abandon
the contest since that? No, sir. That grand de-
cree lias but nerved the hearts of the loyal patri-
ots of the country, for when they felt that.it was
necessary, in order to save free government, to
free an oppressed race, they accepted with alac-
rity the alternative, and Abraham Lincoln—I ask
your pardon—the President of the United States,
is now an instrument in.the hands of God, writing
the grandest decrees thathave ever revolutionized
human society or changed the grand current of
