1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend in line eight by striking out44 five'^and ni-
sei ting" twenty-five, "so that on all calves slaugh-
tered under three months old. there shall be paid
twenty-five cents a head.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the clause
44 on all swine slaughtered for sale, when the num-
ber thus slaughtered exceeds twenty in any one
year, ten cents per head," by striking out the
words "when the number thus slaughtered ex-
ceeds twenty in any one year," and by adding
the following proviso:
Provided, That ail cattle not exceeding five In number,
and all calves!, swine, sheep, and lambs not exceeding
twenty in number altogether, slaughtered by any person
for his oi her own consumption, shall be exempt homduty.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I think the gentleman lias
put the number too low, considering that he in-
cludes sheep, swine, and calves. That is not
enough for furnishing meat for a family of the
average size of those we have in the Northwest.
Under the bill of last year twenty head of swine
were exempt, and that was low enough. But
now you include sheep and e.alves. We have
gome farmers in the West who during the sum-
mer and fall slaughter several head of sheep for
the use of their own families, and occasionally a
calf. They make up the number twenty very
easily. 1 will move to amend the amendment by
making the number twenty-five instead oftwenty.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 am aware that there is a
little difficulty about this subject. In many parts
of the country this will be a very heavy burden,
and the people would evade the duty by killing
what they do not want for their own consump-
tion, and thus evade the butcher's license.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. COLE, of California. I offer the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided further, That cattic slaughtered for hides and
tallow -hall be taxed ten cents per head, and sheep slaugh-
tered for pells and tallow shall be taxed thiee eenM per
head.
The difference between cattle slaughtered for
sale in the maiket and cattle slaughtered for the
hides and taliow is very marked. As was stated
by the gentleman from Vermont, cattle that are
slaughtered for the market yield a very large profit
to those who are engaged in the business; where-
as, on the contrary, those slaughtered for the
hides and tallow are slaughtered for the mere pui-
pose of saving something out of property which
would otherwise*be nearly valueless. I piesume
the House is not aware that this business is car-
ried on in the United States at this time. Such,
however,'is the fact. In the southern portion of
the State which 1 have the honor in part to rep-
resent, there are large establishments engaged m
this sort of occupation. Persons are slaughtering
cattle for the hides and tallow, and it is (tone for
the sole purpose of saving something out of their
large heids. There is a supeiabnndance of cattle
in my State. When the eountiy was under the
Spanish lule these establishments called mcttanzas
earned on a large business, and even now cattle
are frequently brought from the ranchcros and
slaughtered for the hides when forty and fifty
cents per head can bo saved out of them. This
would be a most onerous tax on that branch of
business. There should certainly be some dis-
crimination made between cattle slaughteied for
market and cattle slaughtered for the hides and
taliow.
I believe this statement is sufficient to infoim
the committee of the objcct of the proviso which
I offer, I trust it will be sustained, and that only
a tax at the rate of ten cents a head will he put
upon cattle slaughtered for these purposes.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no particular objec-
tion to the amendment, but 1 suggest to the gen-
tleman from California to modify his amendment
so that it will read that all cattle and sheep slaugh-
tered for hides and tallow, or pelts and tallow,
shall pay one half the duty provided for on cattle
and sheep slaughtered foi the market.
Mr. COLE, of California. That would leave
the tax just as burdensome ax it is now.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to put it at one
half ihe ot!>er rate.
• Mr. COLE, of California. We are quite will-
ing to pay a fair tax, but. this proposed tax is
unfair and unreasonable. Cattle can be puichascd
in the State of California for a mere trifle, and
persons are compelled to sell their cattle for the
purpose of providing the necessaries of life.
, Mr. MORRILL. I know that in my State in
the fall of the year a man who has two or three
hundred sheep goes round and picks out those
that will not live through the winter, and kills
them for their pelts. That occurs every year.
Mr. COLE, of California. The cattle die with
us by thousands, and are of no value. One of my
constituents lost last fall over three thousand head
of cattle which might have been slaughtered and
the hides saved.
Mr. FENTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California, and also
to the amendment of the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont. It is no doubt
that general laws will be severe in exceptional
Cases. It is pretty difficult to provide by general
law for such exceptions as we may think ought
to be provided for. But 1 know that the class of
cases to which the gentleman from Vermont al-
ludes is oftentimes a pretty profitable business;
I mean the sheep slaughtering business for hides
and tallow. I apprehend tluit the business of
slaughtering cattle, except in times of exceedingly
great drought in California, is not without us
piofits. Itcosts nothing to raise cattle there, and
the hides and tallow are almost entirely profit.
With duo respect to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, I think that the tax of forty cents will not
pio\e to be a vei y onerous tax upon this interest.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jected.
The question iccurred on Mr. Cole's amend-
ment; and the Chairman stated that it was re-
jected.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that the amendment of
the gentleman fiom California be reserved until
there is a larger attendance of members present.
There being no objection, the amendment was
reserved.
The one hundred and first section of the bill
was read, as follows:
See. 101. *dnd Ic it jwithrr enacted, That any person,
film, company, or coipoi.uion, owning, oi possessing, or
having the e.ne oi managementot any laihoad oi railroads
upon winch -team is Used as <i ptopcliiug power, or of any
steamboat oi other \essel propelled by steam power, .shall
be subject to and pay a duty ot two per cent on the gto-s
amount of all ihe icceipts of sueh laiirond or raiiioads oi
steam vessel lor the transportation of United States mails,
freight, < xpre^s freight,and pa.^engeM o\er and upon the
same; arui anypei-on or per->o>is. turns companies oreor-
poiatiou^ on niug or po—'essing, or having (he cate or man-
agement, of any lailroad oi i.uhoud using anj olbei powf r
than steam theieun, or owning, povwe-Mng, ot having the
eaie or management of an\ lcti} boat, ot ve-&el tiM'd a- a
feiry boat, piopeiled by&tcnmot hoise-po\ytr,shall besuh-
je<-t to and pav a ihuvoi twopei cent, upon tin* i ecu pis
oi -.itch taihoad or lerry-boai, ieffectively,ior the transpot-
talion of Untied States mails fi< tght, exptess freight, and
pa^engvTs ovei and upon said jailioad.-, -<te<imLo«its and
i i'ony-bo.ifs, respectively; and .uiyper^-onoi pet-on-, firms
' companies "r en>potations owntmr. p0f^e$sinj.;,0i having
I tins cate or management oi ait) budge ant lion zed byhuv
„ to icceive toll loi the transit of pa->-engen, beasts, cui-
! n.([H", 'outis. ifiid Ik ;;dit, ot any de-eription, overmuch
i bud e, -hall be r uhj"t t'lo and pa\ a duly o! live per cent.
[ on the <>io-1 anionnt <>l all tin ir icceipts ot eveiy dt-enp-
! tion; and ib'. owner pn-.-et-or, ot port-on oi pe^ous, having
the erne ami management oi any such r.uhoad, steamboat,
ferty-bo.it, oi othe; ves-<],ot htidge, a*> aioie-aid, «-hail,
virion Jive daj> afn : On; end of < <u ii and eveiy month,
make a h-t or ictifii :;i duplicate to ihe a-siManl assessor
of the di-ttict within wineii such oune,, po.^e^oi. com-
pany, oi coipoiaiion may have hi- oi it- place of business
oi v\ hoi c any -«uli iai!io<\d,.-t<-amhoat, te ty- boat, oi btidao
is located orbehmg-. i espeefiveiv. staling the gio- - amount
ot sueti teccjpu l<>r tin* month next piceeding, which le-
on n shall be veitiiwl hy ihe o.oh oi ailiriiwimn ot such
ownei, po-.'-osaOi. ino.i rsiT'T, ■' or o!bt i' proper ofiii el,
in the maroiej and foi m to be pie-' s tbed Irom time to time
by the Cotmni—toner of Internal Revenue; and shall also,
vs.thin the tunc prt-<ul.«d f i the payment ot duties by
UKinuiaefioerpa\ i«> t;i< collector ot the distiiet the (till
amount of dulie- w hich have ac nied on -asch receipts lor
the month aiorc«atr!; aiuliti oa-e o' t.egkct 01 lefu-al to
make said hst<? <  letiun foi the -na<;e of five after
such teiuru should be made as aloic&atd, the a?s«t>soi or
a-ai<tant a-e-M)i snail p.oeeed f> climate The amount
O'eelvtd and the duti'-s } a;\ibic theieon. as iM.-ieinbwfoie
provided in other en^es ot delinfjiieriey to make return for
pmposes ol'a^se sment; and foi th'- put pose ot makmg-uch
a-s'-ssme'it, or Oi a-eeitaimng the eoin'dnos ofany-uch
retmn, the books of anv ueh pci^on, (-ompariy. or coipo-
ration shall b-: suhieef lo tin* inspection of the assessor or
a-si-tant aftse---,,! on in- demand or uqtu'sf theietoi ; and
in ca-c of neyject 01 iciusal to p<t\ the dune- a- ufou said,
wln*n the same have b"en ii-eet tinned as. <i!<)i'ecaidf tor the
-pate of live day- alter ihe same -.hall have become pav-
I aide, the o\Mi"i 'po<-"-sO(. 01 pcr-on having the manape-
I inenl as at(/re.-aid. -hall pa\, in addition Uve per rent on
i| the ."uuoui.f of ?uch dnin.. , ana f< r ao\ alten'pt, kaov.-
g}\. lo cv?de ilic piMuciUofsuehduti'^ahc rodownci.
possessor, or person having the care or management as
aforesaid, shall be liable to pay a penalty of .$1,000 tor every
sueh attempt,-to be recovered as piovided nt tbh; act for
the recovery of penalties; and ail provisions of ihis act
iu relation to hens and collections by di-traint, not incom-
patible herewith, shall apply to this, etum atui the objects
therein embraced: Provided, That all &uch persons, eom-
pamejs, and corporations shall ha\e the right to add the
duty or tax imposed hfireby to their rates of fare whenever
then liability,thereto maycot mence,ai¥\ limitations which
may exist bylaw or by agreement with any person or com-v
pany which m:iv have paid or be liable to pay such fare to
the contraiy notwithstanding.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the words, 4< the assessor or
assistant assessor shall proceed to estimate the
amount received, and the duties payable (hereon,
as hereinbefore provided tn other cases oi delin-
quency to make return for purposes of assess-
ment;" and insert in lieu thereof the words, " the
assessment and collection shall be madeasintho
general provisions of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the section by
increasing the duty of two per cent, imposed on
the gross receipts of railroads or ferry-boats to
three per cent. It seems to me that this is as
good a test as'we can have of the propriety of
raising a large tax. These railroads are over all
the country. In my State the railroads arc valued
at ten per cent, of the entire valuation, and I sup-
pose that is the general average. The tax, there-
fore, is not sectional. It does not apply to any
special interest to the exclusion of any other in-
terest. Besides, in almost every instance the lail-
roads have the power to shift ihe tax upon their
customers, thus equalizing it on the whole com-
munity. We know that the tux of three per
cent, imposed by the last Congress on railroad
passengers was almost invariably paid by the
passengers, and not by the railroad companies.
The railroad companies actually made money by
the tax by increasing the rates on passengeis to
much more than the amount of the tax. If the
tax of three per cent, is imposed on freight it will
somewhat more than double our revenue from
that source. The freight list is about double the
passenger list. If so, so much the better. There
is an actual necessity upon us that we should
triple the present income from internal revenue.
If tiie amendment which i offer will bring about
that result, then the railroad interest will pay-
simply its proportion.
We all understand, Mr. Chaiiman, that the
railroad interest, for the lust two years, has prof-
ited exceedingly by the condition of the country—
that theie is no interest, not even excluding the
manufacturing interest, that has been so largely
profited by the war as the railroad interest. I
know it is said that the tax of two per Cent. pro~_
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means on'
the gross receipts of railroads is equal to five
per cent, on the net receipts. The proposition is
quite true. But the tax on manufuetmes of five
per cent, is also a tax on gross receipts, and that
is very much more than a tax of ten per cent, on
the net receipts. In any point of view, if we aro
in earnest in our desire, to raise a large amount of
revenue, we will lay this tax. It is easily collect-
ible. The lailroad interest is a very laige one,
being very nearly ten percent., by the census, of
the whole taxable valuation of the country, run-
ning up to some $1,300,000,000.
[liere the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I only de-
bire that we shall act with a proper understand-
ing of the question. 1 am entirely indifferent as
to what amount shall be imposed, but { do desire
that^vo shall do justice to all inteicsts. We can-
not expect that these taxes will be entirely satis-
factory to all people, but it is important that we
show wc are not disposed to crush out any in-
terest and favor any other.
Our railroads are so situated that they are com-
pelled to compete with other means of transporta-
tion, over which wc have no control. Take, for
instance, the railroads in Pennsylvania, where
there is alonghne of canal running parallel. And
the same may bo said of New Jersey, New York,
Ohio, and Indiana, and other States. In many
instances these canals are owned by the States,
and cannot be reached by any legislation on our
part.
Now, it is true that these railroad corporations
havea lar^eamountof capital mvesttd. Uut what
is the factum refeience to that? Wenot only tax
