THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
gentlemen have made in that protest one assertion
16 which I make exception, and of which I deny
the truth. They state that the military authori-
ties of"Missouri, the Governor and General Scho-
field, combined together with a view to deprive
the soldiers of Missouri from voting. I say that
that charge is not true. Our convention passed
an ordinance by which the soldiers belonging to
the State, could vote in any portion of the coun-
• try where they might be. It was stipulated how
it should be dorfe. The leturns were to be made
to the county from which the soldiers came. The
county clerk, according to our laws, was to ex-
amine the poll-book, and if in accordance with
the law, their votes were to be counted. I know
from my own experience that these poll-books
were so made out that no clerk could receive them.
It may be that in that way some of the soldiers
may have been deprived of their votes. What
had General Schofield to do with tins ? No more,
Mr. Chairman, than you had. Yet it is one of
the accusations against him.
I come now to the reasons offered by my col-
leagues from the St. Joseph district, [Mr. Loan,]
from the metropolitan district, [Mr. McClurg,]
from the Springfield district, [Mr. Boyd,J and
from the second district, [Mr. Blow.] They
have arraigned the military authority of the Uni-
ted States. They have even thrown out accusa-
tions against the President of the United States.
I feet under many obligations to tjie President for
opposing what I call their false clamor in refer-
ence to the people of Missouri. What have they
said? In the first place it is necessary to know
whether these gentlemen are capable of being the
military censors of the Governor and the com-
mander of the department of Missouri. Who
are they in a military point of view? My col-
league from the St. Joseph district [Mr. Loan]
reached the position of a brigadier general of our
militia. He reached that position without any
military merit, and left it because the Governor
had no further use for him. What was Ins course?
1 would commend with sincerity to the commit-
tee on the conduct of the war that they should
examine the military general orders of my col-
league, and then they will be bettor able to de-
termine whether he is a fit censor of the military
conduct of the commanding general of the dupuit-
nient of Missouri.
Then there is my colleague from the metropol-
itan district, [Mr. McClurck] Before 1 refer to
him particularly, however, 1 must describe the
diflVrentchnrnrters of our militia. We have what
is called the Missouri State militia, who arc really
in the service of the United States. The Gov-
ernor of the State saw the necessity to have troops
for Missouri, and an arrangement was made by
him with the President by which he was to raise
ten regiments) of one thousand men each, which
should be mustered into the service of the United
Slates under the agreement that they should be
kept for HtM'vicn in Missouri, and not taken out of
the State except for the purpose of defense of the
Stale. Well, it is one of these regiments* that my
colleague from the mettopoiitan district command-
ed as colonel. The only tim<, that I ever heard of
that militia hanging fire was when he went in pur-
suit of the rebels. They took south according
to their usual piaeticc. When my colleague's
eighth regiment reached the Aikansas line they
stopped pursuit of the rebels, and went on a hunt
for that line. [Laughter.] He said that hi1? con-
tract was not. to go out of the State. Some of
the others went a little across the Aikansas line,
and they said that they would carry out the spirit
of their contract. They were not going to adhere
to the mere wordy of the agreement. My col-
league found the Arkansas line, and would go no
further.
Mr. McCLURG. Will my colleague yield to
me ?
Mr. K.TNG. Certainly.
Mr. McCLURG. 1 give notice to this House
that I will at the proper time meet my colleague's
statements. I will only say now that they are
false—every word false.
Mr. KING. Does my colleague say that noth-
ing occurred when they reaced the Arkansas line?
Mr. McCLURG. Ordinarily I have respect
to gray hairs, but I pronouncc the statement of
the gentleman [Mr. King] false, and I will take
occasion when opportunity may offer to repel the
charge more at length.
Mr. KING. Did nothing take place on the
Arkansas line?
Mr. McCLURG. No, sir.
Mr. KING. I was not there, but I have heard
from men who were there that the thing occurred
just as I have stated it. I will state, in justice to
the eighth Missouri regiment, that it was under-
stood it was not their fault. I do not believe it
was their fault. I shall show before I sit down
that they were of the number who went after
Shelby across the Arkansas river. My colleague,
seeing that no laurels were to be won in that way,
resigned his commission. So far as I know, he
could not deploy into line or set a squadron.
Then, again, comes another of my colleagues
from the Springfield district, [Mr. Boyd,] a mili-
tary man too. He set out to win laurels on the
tented field; he was in command and got to be
colonel—legitimately and properly no doubt. I
was glad to hear when my young friend had
reached such high honors, and I expected neces-
sarily to hear that he would win very high hon-
ors; but he soon came to the conclusion that that
was not the field for him to win honors and lau-
rels in, and he resigned his position and took it
into his head that he would change his position,
and thereafter seek laurels in the civic and foren-
sic forums of the country, and who doubts the
wisdom of the choice of my colleague, [laughter,]
seeing that such distinguished honors have been
won on his present theater of action? [Renewed
laughter.]
1 will pass from my colleague from that district,
and here I come to the second St. Louis district.
And who represents that? Why, sir, I do not
know exactly where to put him, [Mr. Blow,] but
1 think his proper place is with the peace party.
I commend him to the peace party; it is said
there is one in the House here. 1 do not know
exactly who compose it, but he certainly belongs
to the peace party; for I have never seen and never
heard of any demonstration made by him that
showed that he ever thought this war ought to be
put an end to by the clangor of arms and by fight-
ing.
I have thus briefly reviewed the position of these
four gentlemen, and now this House is well pre-
pared to determine whether or not they are fit
censors of the military operations of the depart-
ment of Missouri. Why, sir, you would believe
they ranked with Napoleon in military knowl-
edge and military tactics by their being able to
find fault in every turn and winding of the troubles
we have had in Missouri. What do they say.
Here is their letter:
"Until General Cuuis assumed command of the depart-
ment of the Missoun, about October, 1862, General Scho-
field, as district commander, had unlimited control of mili-
tary cifl'.urH in iMi^oui^and his administration proved a most
signal failure. Porter, m northeast Missouri, was allowed
to collect, m the Mimmni of 1802, a band of guerrillas jiurn-
benng «ome Jive or mm thousand, with winch he lavaged
the^ountiyand mutdeied the loyal citizens tor a long space
of nun;. l'omdexter,m the central part of the State, north
of the Mifi?onu nver, had a similar band of about sixteen
bundled, with which be committed all kinds of outrages on
the loyal citizens."
Now,sir,what would be inferred bygentlemen
of this House ? That these men had been allowed
to do these things with perfect impunity. But
what are the facts? I take up the case of Poin-
dexter fiist. Yes, sir, Poindextcr did undertake
to ravage the country with twelve or fifteen hun-
dred men he got together. They gathered to-
gether there as if by concert, and the first I knew
of them they appeared in armed bodies. They
came up into the districtof my colleague from St.
Joseph, [Mr. Loan,] and he a brigadier general
at St. Joseph. The first I heard of Poindexter
was in the county below mine. In twenty hours
after lie was heard of there the enrolled militia of
my county were in their saddles, and did not wait
two weeks or a month for transportation. They
started, being distant forty miles, and the Carroll
county militia, in conjunction with Colonel Gui-
tar, of the ninth militia, encountered some por-
tion of Pomdextcr's men at Grand river and run
some of them into the river, some they killed, and
the remainder they scattered. The enemy re-
tired due north on the railroad to Utica, nearly
seventy-five miles from St. Joseph, where my
colleague lives, but my colleague did not over-
take them, though he had the use of a railroad at
that. I understood for a week that my colleague
was fixing up to go to our aid against Poindex-
ter, but he waited too long for transportation.
Our militia run Poindexter across the road ten
miles up to Spring Hill, and there they pressed
him so tight that he put off in an eastern direc-#
tion. Colonel Guitar was watching his move-
ments, but m,y colleague fell into the rear a long
way off, and afterwards Poindexter was encoun-
tered by Colonel Guitar. Our militia pressed
ahead, and Poindexter's force was scattered.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask a question ?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOAN. Will the gentleman tell me who
was in command of those forces from his county?
Mr. KING. Who was the head officer of the
militia that followed up Poindexter I cannot tell.
I can tell very clearly that my colleague was not.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to say a word in expla-
nation of this matter.
Mr. KING. I have no objection, if it does not
come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done only by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection? The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. LOAN. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to say
that when Colonel Guitar drove the rebels under
Poindexter across Grand river I was then on the
way, having received instructions from General
Schofield the evening before. They crossed the
railroad an hour after my train passed. I received
the information by telegraph. At eight o'clock
I was in the saddle after them, while General
Guitar was resting his forces. I drove them
through the Spring Hill country until the next
day, when General Guitar, lying on the road as
I drove them past, took up the pursuit. We were
in the saddle for thirty-four hours,.and I never
in that time saw any of the gentleman's county
militia in the command.
Mr. KING. I remember very well that the
gentleman [Mr. Loan] fell in the wake of the
pursuing party after Poindexter. I remember ail
that. My colleague says that he was on the way
when Poindexter got clear out of his reach. I
believe he was. 1 heard he was. Our militia had
driven Poindexter more than seventy-five miles.
He aimed to get to Randolph county, where he
lived. His forces were scattered.- General Gui-
tar kept on the right hand side of the railroad,
while our militia followed them on the other side,
supposing they would turn to the right. They
were again encounteredandagain scattered. They
then got into small detached parties, and got into
Randolph county, where is the residence of one
of my colleagues, who will bear testimony to what
I say.
The Randolph militia rallied, and in a short
time they picked up some two hundred of the
Poindexter men—Poindexter himself among the
rest. He was taken to Macon City, a military
post, and on a dark and stormy night he attempted
to break, and did break from the guards. They
fired at him and he was wounded. But he got off
and made his way back to Randolph county.
Hearing that mercy had been promised to ail who
would surrenderthemselves, and his wound being
bad, became in voluntarily and surrendered him-
self. His band was entirely dispersed. * He was
taken to St. Louis, and remained in Gratiot street
prison for nearly a year. He was indicted, and
stands to-day indicted in the United States circuit
court of St. Louis for high treason, and is now
out on bail. That was the end of the Poindexter
raid.
The House might have been led to believe, from
what gentlemen have said, that these men were
regular freebooters and were allowed to carry on
their operations uninterruptedly on the part of
the people. Nothing of the kind. Poindexter,
so far as his operations were concerned, went the
way of all flesh, and has never troubled us since.
That is due to our Missouri mihtiafc
My colleague says that Porter^md five thou-
sand men assembled under his banner. Porter
was a little lower down the country. There were
three brothers of these Porters, active, energetic
men. They had their forces in Calloway county.
General Guitar, with about a thousand men, en-
countered Porter at Moor's Mills, in Calloway
county. Porter's forces were four to one larger
than those of General Guitar. It was the hardest
fought battle ever fought on the north side of the
Missouri river during the war. Ported was
routed, and retreated northward, crossing the
railroad somewhere about Macon City. Colonel
