,1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
them on the amount invested in these railroads,
not only upon their capital, but also upon their
indebtedness. And many of them are indebted
to the amount of three times the capital invested.
We tax them upon every dollar that is paid out,
and we propose in this bill to increase the rate
largely. We impose upon them a tax of two and
a half per cent, upon their gross receipts. Here-
tofore the tax has only been paid upon passen-
gers. It is admitted by the gentleman from Maine
that this tax may increase the revenue one hun-
dred per cent. I think at least that amount will
be derived. Upon many of the railroads the
amount received for freights much exceeds that
received for passengers. An2 we not only tax
them two and a half per cent, upon their gross
receipts, but also five per cent, on their net profits.
Now, under these circumstances, with these
canals, and with this long road running through
Canada, driving as sharp a competition as ever
was driven by any corporation, and supported
by bounties from its own Government, 1 think it
.•would be perhaps unwise to exceed two and a
half per cent. " I believe that is the utmost limit
to which we can safely go.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine by
striking out " throe" and inserting " two."
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now
in order.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire, then, to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] who has this bill in charge. There
are one ortwoamendmentsthatought to be made
to this section very important in their character,
as I believe, nut only in respect to fixing the rate of
percentage to be levied upon the gross earnings
of these roads, but in respect to the proviso
which comes in at the close of the section. And
I propose, if the gentleman from Veimonthas no
objection, that this section shall be passed over
until we have a full committee present.
Mr, MORRILL. I have no objection to that.
The section was accordingly passed over in-
formally.
Mr. SMITHERS. I ask the unanimous con-
. sent of the committee to amend section one hun-
dred, which we have passed, by inserting in
the ninth lino, after the word " sheep,"the words
"and lambs," so as to make it the tin r y of butch-
ers, &c., to*return the number of lambs slaugh-
tered, as well as sheep, swine, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. That is right.
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
received and agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, i suppose that any amend-
ments whatever will be in order when we come
to return again to the one hundred and first sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The whole section will
be open to amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It strikes
me that an amendment ought to be made to section
one hundred undone; and although it is not now
before the committee, 1 may as well suggest it.
I notice that these railroad companies are to be
taxed upon the price of carrying the mails. Now,
when they made contracts lasi March to carry
these mails for a stipulated priee, it seems to me
that it is wrong for the Government to ieduce this
price by putting tax upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order to
amend that section when the committee returns
to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend section
one hundred and three by inserting in the sec-
ond line, after the word " one," the words " and
a half/' I move also to insert in line
onc, after the word 44 received," the words " and
assessments co)lectcd-,"ulso, to change the word
" picmmra" to " premiums."
The section as amended would then read:
Sec. 103 be it further enacted, That there Mia)! be
Je\ied, collected, and paid a duty of one ami a half per
cent, upon the jmx-. leeeipbsoi premiums,or assessments
for in tir<nu,e fioui 1><^ <u damage by fne in by the peuls
of the sea, made In evety insurance company, wheihet
inland or marine or fit© t/i-UMnee company, and by eveij-
■association en individual engaged in ilic business of insur-
ance i0-.& or damage by !ih> or by th^ pout- ot the
sea ; and by everv pewm, linn, company, or eoipoiation,
who shall ls-tio tic!v< I- ot eo,ttjifM« ol in-aiianee a aiii!-t
injury to peitom? while u.iwiii g l-.v land or wafer; and a
luce duty shall be paid h> the ag  nfolanv iorojim ni-air.uicu
company having an oflfce or doing uu-tr.e -, withm the
United Statesand that tin* said pei ii , firm, company,
association, or corpoiauou engaged in tho bu&mess of in-
surance as above defined, shall be subject to the same pro-
visions, rules, and penalties as aie prescribed for t,he per-
sons, firms, companies, or corporations owning or possess-
ing or having the management of railroads, steamboats,
and teny-boats; and that in the account or return thus re-
quired to be rendeied they shall state the amount insured,
icnewed, or continued, the gioss amount of premiums re-
ceived and assessments collected, and the duties by law-
accruing thereon for the quarter then next preceding.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether that section covers life insurance
companies.
Mr. MORRILL. It does.
1 move to insert as a heading previous to sec-
tion one hundred and four the word " passports."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the one
hundred and fourth section by striking out the
word "three" in the third line and inserting "five"
m lieu thereof, so that the section will read:
Sec. 104. Jind be it further enacted. That for every pass-
poit is>ucd ttom the olhee of the Secretary of State there
shall be p-ud the sum ot live dollars; which amount may
bo paid to any collector appointed under this act, and his
receipt therefor shall be forwarded with the application for
such pas-poittothe office of the Seeretaiy of State, or any
agent appointed by him. And the collector shall account
tor all moneys received for pa^ports m the manner hetein-
befoie provided, and a like amount shall he paid for eveiy
pas-poit issued by any munstei or consul of the United.
States, why shall account tbcreior to the Treabury.
Mr. MORRILL. This matter was very thor-
oughly considered in committee.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether the committee took into con-
sideration the fact that a great many people are
willing to go abroad on account of ill-health and
on account of the draft? 1 would make them pay
five dollars for a passport.
Mr. KASSON. I would suggest to my col-
league that that class of people go to Canada and
to England, where no passports arc required. We
shall lose money by this operation.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 would make them pay
five dollars anyhow.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to insert in section one
hundred and five, m relation to telegraph com-
panies, after the word " corporations,"in the sev-
enth line, the words, "at the rates or tin iff for
messages now charged, and an additional duty of
fifty per cent, of the gross receipts upon all in-
crease of rates that may hereafter be charged for
the transmission of messages." 1 will say that
this amendment comes from a gentleman who is
largely interested in telegraph stock, and who
states a fact winch is very well known to the peo-
ple, that tclegiaph stock is the most lemunerative
stock in the country.
Mr. MORRILL. I am afraid my friend has a
spite against' the telegraph lines in his own State.
This is certainly a very singular pioposition. I
hope it will not be adopted. 'We have done in
this instance what we have hardly done in any
other. We have imposed a tax of five per cent,
on the gross receipts. Now, let these gentlemen
manage their own business. If they choose to
curtail it by increasing their puces let them do so,
and if they choose to let the prices remain as they
are let them do so.
Mr. UPSON. Why did not the gentleman
from Vermont allow the railroad companies to
mnnage their own business?
Mi\ MORRILL. For the reason that they are
limited by their charters.
Mr. PIKE. 1 have looked through this bill
from one end to the other. I look upon.this
amendment in a revenue light and m no other.
Mr. MORRILL, i ask that, by unanimous
1 consent, this question be passed o\er until a quo-
rum is present.
' No objection was made.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the section
m regard to lotteries by stiiking out the word
t(iwo,"iu the 'fourth line, and inserting " five"
in lieu thereof; so that it will read:
That ail and e\eiy individual, partnership, fiini, and as-
sociation, l>oin£ piopnetois, managers, or agents of lavvlul
lotteries, as al'oie-^a.d, fiiall pay a tax of five per cent on
the gio^s amount oi the receipts from tne said bu^inesjj, Sec.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move now to inseit after
the word " return," in line seven, the words u in
; duplicate to the assistant assessor."
I The amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in at the end of the
section in relation to lotteries:
Piovided, That the managers of any ^an itary fair, or ofany
charitable, benevolent, or religious association may apply
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and prexent to
him proofs that the proceeds of any contemplated lottery,
raffle, or gift enterprise wiil be applied to the relief ot the sick
or wounded soldiers, or to some chaiitable use, and there-
upon the Commissioner shall grant a permit to hold such
lottery, rallle, or gift enterprise, and such sanitary fairs or
charitable or benevolent associations shall be exempt from
all charges, whether for tax or license, in respect of such
lottery, raffle, or gift enterprise.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio whether it is not better to
put the power into the hands of the collector of the
district.
Mr. PENDLETON. It was thought advisa-
ble by the Committee of Ways and Means to put
it into the hands of the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Personally, I would be willing to
leave it in the hands of the collector. The amend-
ment is only intended to meet those cases where
fairs are got up for the benefit of sick and
wounded soldiers, or for orphan asylums, and
where it is desired to get up these little raffles.
By the law, as it stood, it was necessary not only
to put a large stamp on this thing, but to pay
largely for the license. It is intended to relieve
such cases as these from the operations of the act.
If the gentleman from Iowa suggests that the
word u commissioner" should be stricken out,
andthewords " collector of the district" inserted,
I have no objection.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
oppose the amendment. If I understand the
proposition there will have to be some adjudica-
tion as to what is a charitable purpose. 'Let us
have some uniformity about this thing. What is
esteemed chanty in New England may not be
esteemed charity in the West. We all have our
notions of charity. Let us have some rule about
this and not leave it to collectors, who are not a
very charitable sort of people. 1 would prefer to
see it in the hands of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, and let him lay down some rules
and regulations by which these matters will be
governed. I do not like to speak of certain col-
lectors, but I am satisfied that charity would not
be in very good hands in theiis.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as there may be
some force in this view, I suggestthc insertion of
the words "subject to such general rules as the
Commissioner may establish."
Mr. PENDLETON. That is not necessary.
It can apply only in a few cases; and it is a mat-
ter m which discretion should be exercised.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. If you
open the door to all these religious people, and
make it lawful for them to gamble in this kind of
way, they will be at it eternally.
Mr. Boutwell's amendmentto the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Pendleton's
amendment as amended; and it was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend the section
by adding lo it the following proviso:
Prunded fu) /her, That nothingm this section contained
shall be confined to legalize any Jotteiy.
Mr. KASSON I call attention to the lan-
guage used in the first part of the section, " man-
agers or agents of lawful lotteries."
Mr. UPSON. That very expiession is one
reason why my amendment should be adopted;
for it seems to recognize that thcie may be a
lawful Iotte: y.
Mr. MORRILL. In some States lotteries arc
recognized, and unless so recognized they are not,
under this bill, deemed legal. In other words,
they aie not recognized as legal by the law of the
tinned State*.
Mr. UPSON. This very clause seems to rec-
ognize that there aie lawful lotteries; otherwise
no'iung can be taken under this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I now move to amend by
striking out the woid "lawful." The amend-
ment just adopted renders the use of that word
unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the,sec-
tion by striking out the word " idigious." There
