2828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
,human history. That then did not bring about
a' reaction and make the people tired of the war.
Next, you were told that the arming of slaves
was to make the people abandon the contest and
abandon the war; that it was nothing for you or
your sons or your brothers to die in the defense
of the country, but when you touched the slave
you must lay your hand gently upon the lion's
mane; that was aspecies of property sacred above
all otherproperty. It was nothing that your sons
bleed, nothing that your brothers bleed, but the
moment'you called a slave into the service of the
country, that very moment you heard this cry of
u reaction" and peace upon any terms!'* 1 am
for arming the free negroes, for arming the slaves,
for arming every one upon the continent; and I
tell gentlemen that the war will not cease until
slavery is extinguished, until the sun in hqjgven
at noonday does not look upon a slave on earth.
That is written, and written irrevocably, in the
book pf fjite,and all the waters of another deluge
cannot wash it out. To save the nation it is ne-
cessary that slavery should die, and die it will.
And a man who has once served in the armies of
the country should be a free man, and free for-
ever. The poor, trembling slave who seeks a
fity of refuge underlhc broad folds of your national
banner, who lays hold of the altar of freedom, is
free, and free forever; and the man who would
dare to return him to slavery Will cover his name
with an eternity of infamy.
These things have not brought about the reac-
tion that was spoken of, nor will they bring it
about. I hope, as 1 before said, that the war is
not to be prolonged; but whether it is or not, I
look to no peace brought about by truckling to
rebels. Peace and the blessings of peace carry
benefactions everywhere; but there are some
things morti desirable even than peace, and some
of those things, as I understand, are liberty, man-
hood, nationality, free institutions, and a Chris-
tian civilization which shall outlive the fleeting
and temporary scenes that surround us.
A few words now in reference to the present
position of the question. I shall vote for the re-
port of the Committee on Military Affairs simply
repealing the §300 commutation clause. If that
report shall not pass, then t shall vote with great
cheerfulness for the amendment proposed by the
distinguished Senator from Vermont, which
amendment, it seems to me, is most aptly calcu-
lated to effect the objects intended, first, to limit
the draft to one year, and secondly to credit the
States in arrear with that draft m the proportion
of one to three. Take, for instance, his own noble
State ofVermont, thenoith star in American pa-
triotism which never sets?; there is no danger of
a draft then'; she has filled her quota; he pro-
poses to credit these drafted men for one year in
the proportion of one to three against her three
years' drafted men. U seems to i*ne that is per-
fectly fair, just, and honest*. Thatfar 1 go.
I will vote for his amendment provided the re-
port of the Committee fails; but I shall first vote
for that, believing'that the draft is an arbitrary
thing, and that it will bring men into the field
for three years precisely as noon as forone year,
and believing that short enlistment# have been
the bane of all armies from the Revolution down
to the present time." Every single commander
has always complaincd of it. The staple of Gen-
eral Washington's letters during the whole Rev-
olution \yas a complaint against snort enlistments,
and it was the same with every officer command-
ing in the war of 1812. Give us men for thiee
- years, and if necessary then fill your'Army again.
For every veteran who dies with the flag in his
hand upon tho battle-field even at the end of three
years more send another noble soldier to take his
place.
Let not gentlemen "lay the flattering unction
to their souls" that the war is to end shoi t of the
entire subjugation of the rebellion. When that
shall have been accomplished, m one month, or
one year, or two years, or one hundred years,
then the patriots may felicitate themselves upon
a triumph which will be permanent; then they
may know that they have added more than a
thousand years to the lifetime of the grandest
republic upon earth.
Mr. RICHARDSON. " Mr.President, Idonot
propose to enter at large into the discussion in
reference to this subject, but only to refer briefly
to some of tho views which have been discussed
here. The Senator from Indiana who has just
taken his seat and the Senator from Oregon have
held up the example of the so-called southern con-
federacy as one that we should follow—
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Tho Senator will
pardon me: I simply referred to a historical fact
in reply to my colleague, showing how they raised
their armies,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was going on—if the
Senator had permitted me to finish the sentence—
to say that ho held up to us their example in ref-
erence to the mode of getting men for the Army.
Sir, they may do a great many things down there
that we cannot do here. They started at theout-
set by placing in their army soldiers during the
war, as I understood. They first raised volun-
teers, many of whom reenlisted for the war, and
then they commenced a conscription of soldiers
during the war. We did not adopt that policy.
We adopted a different policy. We followed the
policy that we had pursued from the foundation
of the Government up to that time; and at this
period of time we should not change our policy
unless the United States Senate is prepared to in-
dorse the entire doctrine laid down to-day by the
Senator from Indiana, that this war is to be con-
tinued until the last man and the last woman upon
our side and theirs shall perish if you do not con-
quer them. I am not prepared to indorse that
doctrine. I had fondly hoped, until this discus-
sion arose here, that with the million of men we
have in the field, seven hundred thousand of them
havingcome in since the 1st day oflastOctober, this
campaign would scatter and destroy the armies of
the southern confederacy. I had hoped and be-
lieved so. Senators, however, have now stated
that probably this campaign will not accomplish
that end. I regret very much to hear it. I re-
gret very much that it will not terminate the war.
Rut, sir, it strikes me that this is probably the
worst time to appeal to our passions for the pur-
pose of guiding our deliberations. If it is true,
as is stated by Senators, that this campaign, with
a million of men on our side, will not result in
scattering the organized armies of the southern
confederacy, we are brought to a position where
we ought gravely to deliberate as to the best mode
of carrying on the war hereafter. If, sir, a mil-
lion of men, or if seven hundred thousand men,
to state it at that number, are not enough in the
field, I do not know what you would do with
three or four hundred thousand more, and that is
all I believe that it is pioposed to call out. The
question is presented to the Senate, and we have
to determine it, whether we shall adhere to the
policy we have heretofore adhered to, or whether
>vc shall repeal all commutation and place the men
who arc drafted in the field for the period of three
years or more to carry on the war,
Tho Senator from Indiana is mistaken as to one
histoiical fact. The men who fought the battle
of New Oileans were notdrafted men. Some of
them were men who had not been in the service
twelve months. Those men who displayed there
such valor as reflected the highest credit upon us,
who conquered the heroes of Wellington and the
conquerorsofEurupe,were volunteeis,and many
of them had seen less than twelve months'ser-
vice. They fought, and fought successfully, men
who had gone through nearly all the battle-fields
of Europe.
But gentlemen tell us now that one veteran is
worth five or six law recruits. Let mo say that
you can make as efficient soldiers in five months
where you have experienced oificers and enough
experienced men to act as guides as you can in
thiee years. The Senator from Vermont was
entirely conect when he said that you may take
the men who are consciiptod or who volunteer
this fall, place them in your Army, and if you
place them in an old regiment with one half ex-
perienced men you will have byspringas efficient
soldiers as those who have been in the Army for
thiee or four years. There is a great deal of
equity, too, as has been shown, in taking men
for twelve months, and when they are done tak-
ing others for twelve months more, giving the
winter season for the purpose of drilling them.
If we arc going to conduct this war for a period
during the lives of all of us, all our people will
have to become soldiers and inured to arms, and
I do not know but that they will have both my
friend from Indiana and me. We might do very
well at a stand, but I do not think we should do
v^ry well at a retreat, because we could not run;
we should have to stand up and fight; we are too
old to run. [Laughter.] For this reason I shall
favor the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
1 am opposed to the provision of the bill to re-
peal the commutation clause; and I will state
very briefly why I am opposed to it. After you
have allowed the men in the States where a draft
has taken place to pay out, I do not think it is
exactly fair to force our people in Illinois, who,
up to this time, have sent to the field all that were
called for, to fight out. I do not think that is
even-handed justice; and if we are going to
repeal the commutation clause I am for going
back and taking those men who have paid out
and forcing them to fight out also, as well as
forcing our people to fight when you come to lay
a draft on them. I am for drawing no invidious
distinction between the soldiers of one part of
the country and of another. Before you are en-
titled to call upon Illinois for another soldier, in
fanmess, in common honesty you ought to fur-
•nish the men t^at you owe in tlie States where
you have not furnished them. If you repeal this
commutation clause now, although we have fur-
nished more than we were required to furnish by
voluntary enlistment, you will take our men and
place them in the field, keeping up that inequal-
ity,and you tell us, " We paid for our men, but
we will not let you pay/for yours."
At the beginning, like other Senators, I was
opposed to the commutation clause. 1 believe it
has worked well, however;it has popularized the
conscription; and gentlemen may talk as much as
they please about not popularizing these meas-
ures. I know they and I depend very much on
the popular will as to the positions we have oc-
cupied in the past, and.I suspect that we shall
have to do it in the future. Is it not acceptablc
to the people? You have tried it for twelve
months; it has worked your machinery along
very well; you have placed in the field five hun-
dred thousand men under Jt; and now you turn
aroundandtcll me, 44 Wecannotget any soldiers
at all;" and the Department send here the returns
from a few districts throughout the United States,
some of them where half the people were sick;
and in some of those places I imagine they will
be sick again. It is a sickly season, the Senator
from Oregon suggests; probably it is a sickly
country. [Laughter.] I am in favor of the
amendments of the Senator from Vermont, and
opposed,to the original bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have but a very few
words, sir, to add to what I have already said in
thecouise of this discussion. The question be-
! -fore the Senate is whether we shall repeal the law
which allows a man when drafted to pay $300,
and for the time being to he discharged. That
is the question before the Senate. I am opposed
to the bill, but in favor of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, to
allow the draft under existing laws to be for one
year if the President so desires, instead of three
yeais.
My colleague has said in reply to what I sug-
gested to the Senate, that the judgment of the Sen-
ate last January in voting down the presentprop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts was
guided by the fact that the Senate was assured
i that a draft under that law would bring men into
| the field. My colleague did not receive thatas-
! surance from me. I did not then believe, I do not
' now believe, that a draft will bring an army into
j the field. I recollect, sir, in the course of debate
J to have produced from the Provost Marshal Gen-
' eral 'suffice a statement of the number of men that
| had been drafted, the number of men that, had
j been excused or discharged from the draft because
| of sickness, the number of men discharged for
! other causes, the number of men that had paid
their commutation money and thus been released,
and from that array of facts and figures I attempt-
ed to show to the Senate during that debate that
the di aft would not fill the army, but that thevol-
. untecring system encouraged by bounties would
; fill the army, and the figures then produced fiom
I the Provost Marsha! General's office, accompanied
! by the statement of the Secretary of War that the
; commutation money had been used in paying
; bounties and bringing men into the field, sup-
I ported the proposition which I then advocated
! that the volunteering system was the right sys-
