1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tem when a Government was attempting to main-
tain its existence. Has it come to that point in
supporting the Government that we may not rely
upon the voluntary efforts of the people? Has
this war become so odious that men will no longer
volunteer? We know that at one time they
would volunteer. "We know that in 1861 and in
1862 the calls were no sooner announced hy the
Governors to their people than the regiments were
full. They sprang up from the farms in Indiana
and other northwestern States like the Highland-
ers upon the mountain sides of Scotland at the
sound of the bugle of their chieftain. And why,
sir? Because my colleague and other Senators
had voted this sentiment, that this war was not a
war of subjugation, that it was not a war to break
down the institutions of any of the States, but
that this was a war to restore the Union and to
maintain the authority of the Constitution and
laws.
My colleague supported that resolution, but
now he says to the Senate that this war is not to
stop until the institutions of one half the States
of the Union are prostrated, until one half of the
Union is subjugated. If there is a difficulty in
raising men it is not because of the original policy
of tile Government as declared by Congress; and
I say to my colleague that it is known to him as
welt as it is known to myself that the earnest-
ness with which the men of Indiana volunteered
did not abate until the President's proclamation
was announced to the country, and then for long
months no regimentwasraised in Indiana. Why,
sir, why? Because the war-making powerof this
Government, the power that had the right to de-
clare the purpose and policy of the war, had said
that it should be for one purpose, and the Presi-
dent had undertaken to say that it should be for
another purpose.
But I do not intend, sir, to be drawn off into a
discussion of that sort. I did say last winter,
and I believed then as 1 believe now, that a draft-
ing system will not secure the army that is to re-
store the Union, if war is to restore it at all. If
we are to have an efficient army it must be raised
as it was in 1861, as it was in 1862; and now let
my colleague say why there was no need of a
draft in 1861, no need of a draft in 1862, and why
a draft is necessary now.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Does my colleague
desire an answer now?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My colleague asks
why a draft is necessary now and was not in 1861
ana 1862. If my colleague will pardon me for a
moment I will endeavor to answer him. After
the firing upon Port Sumter, the whole country
was a unit in the suppression of the rebellion;
but.early in 1862 altnotof Democraticpoliticians
got together in Washington and organized a sys-
tematic opposition to the Government and dis-
couraged enlistments and volunteering and held
out to the people that the whole character of the
war had changed, that instead of a war for the
suppression of the rebellion it was a war for the
abolition of slavery, and I believe the only rea-
son why we may not rely upon the volunteering
of the people is that they have been taught to
believe that they have been mistreated and mis-
led by their representatives in Congress and by
the President of the United States. The reason
why a draft is now nccessary and was not then
necessary is fuither shown m this fact, that the
loyal people of the United States, the patriotic
people of theUnited States, have volunteered to
fill the ranks of your Army, and the disloyal,
those who sympathize with treason, have re-
mained at home, and, instead of looking to the
grand boon of universal freedom, nationality, the
supremacy of thelaws, andthe vindication of the
Constitution, have been looking and pleading for
petty partisan triumphs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very glad that my
colleague has announced the fact that when Sumter
was fired upon the country was a unit. The
country was a unit when my colleague voted for
the resolution that this war was to be prosecuted
for a restoration of the Union and for the main-
tenance of the authority of the Constitution and
laws. A change came round. My colleague
says that a knot of politicians in the city of Wash-
ington announced to the people that the policy of
the Government had changed. A knot of poli-
ticians in Washington ! And who were they,
sir? I recollect an address sent out to the coun-
try by some Democrats in the city of Washing-
ton, and I recollect the glorious sentimentin that
address," The Union as it was and the Constitu-
tion as it is." That was the sentiment that was
sent out by the knot of politicians to whom my
colleague refers. Does my colleague. object to
that sentiment, " the Union as it was and the
Constitution as it is?" It is that sentiment of
devotion to the Union upon the basis of the Con-
stitution that has given to the Democratic party
the power that it now has in this country, and a
power that it will exhibit to the astonishment of
my colleague and other Senators in November
next.
Sir, the first announcement that was made to
the country that the declaration of Congi'ess was
not to be respected, the first announcement that
was made to the country that Congress had not
the war-making power, at least so far as to con-
trol the purpose and policy of the war, was by the
proclamation of the President. I called my col-
league's attention to the fact that after that proc-
lamation was issued volunteers ceased to present
themselves upon the fields of Indiana. It was
known to him; it was known to myself; and why
was it, sir? Not because somebody communi-
cated to the people that such a proclamation had
been issued, but because the purpose of the war
was no longer solely and exclusively to restore
the Union and to maintain the authority of the
Constitution, but because another purpose was
interposed. Then the people began to hesitate
and to doubt whether the war could be success-
fully prosecuted for any other purpose than to
maintain the Union of the States and the authority
of the Constitution. That doubt my colleague
cannot charge to the Democracy. That doubt he
must charge to the President whose reelection he
will advocate.
But, sir, the question that I asked my col-
league was why a draft is necessary now, when it
was not in 1861 and 1862. He says a knot of
politicians announced to the people that the pur-
pose of the war was changed. Let me tell my
colleague that the sentiment of that address, " the
Union as it was, the Constitution as it is," was
responded to by one hundred and thirty thousand
Democrats in Indiana and by every Democrat in
every loyal State. That is not the difficulty; that
is not the reason. My colleague mistakes when
he attributes so great a result to so small a cause.
No address of politicians can control the public
mind as my colleague has supposed. It is too in-
considerable a power. There must be some great
impression made on the public mind by a startling
fact that will bring about such a change.
But, Mr. President, the question is whether
there shall be a draft without the right of commu-
tation. My colleague has said that nothing has
abated the ardor of the people. He repeated that
twice ill his speech. He said that the proclama-
tion of the President was issued, and the ardor of
the people was not yet abated; that the negroes
were brought into the Army, and the ardor of the
people did not then abate; and several other in-
stances of the conductof the Administration were
alluded to by my colleague, and at each reference
he said that the people were still as earnest as ever
for the prosecution of the war. If he is rightin
that let me repeat the question, why is it neces-
sary to have a draft now when it was not in 1861
and 1862, if thare is the same zeal, the same earn-
estness? Mr. President, let it be made known to
the people of the United States that this war is
prosecuted for the restoration of the Union, and
not for the destruction of the libeities of the peo-
ple, and they will spring up to save thisUnionas
they did in 1861 and 1862. To make that known
to the people, to satisfy them that thatis the hon-
est purpose of the party in power, is not within
my power; it is within the reach of my colleague
and the politicians with whom he acts.
My colleague has said in the course of the ar-
gument that the draft of 1812 brought men into
the field that fought as well as volunteers. I was
not aware that there was a draft then in the sense
that we have a draft now. We have a draft now
by the law of the United States bringing the peo-
ple directly into the field. As I understand, it is
claimed that this law is authorized by the pro-
vision of the Constitution which empowers Con-
gress to raise and support armies and to make
rules for the government and regulation of the
armed forces of the United States., I understand
that the men who fought in the war of 1812 were
called for under the provision of the Constitution
which gives Congress power " to provide for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions;" that* the appeal was made to the States,
and that the States brought t"he men into tKe field.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. ' Does not my ,ck>l-
league'know that the States had a draft system
and that men were'brppght into £he Army by
draft ? "
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very likely; but thgra
was no draft by the United States Government;
the States furnished the.iifienand-turned theqi over
to the Government, as was done in 1861 and 1862
when the President issued a call to the States.; the
Governors of the States repeated the call and fur-
nished the men. The Senator from Illinois has
answeied my colleague in respect to his reference
to the conscripted army of the South, so that I
have no occasion to allude to that.
My colleague, going outside of the subject that
is before the Senate, has asked if I, to-day, woujd
send commissioners to the South; if I would not
respond to his sentiment that this war is to be
prosecuted till the last man is called out, and that
then it shall be handed over to the women and
children of the country. Mr. President,I will
tell you when I shall be willing to send commis-
sioners to the South. Whenever a peace can be
secured which will restore this Union upon the
basis of the Constitution and save our liberties,
a peace honorable to the North, fair to the South,
and that will restore to us our former prosperity.
I am ready to meet any foe upon that proposition.
Whether the. Senator^alls them "felons" or
" rebels," it is a war now upon such a gigantic
scale that all over the •world among all civilized
nations they are recognized as belligerents, and
with them, or with any foe of my country, I
would treat whenever I could get a fair ad justment
of the difficulties between us. Has the Senator
a difficulty with his friend, a difficulty with his
enemy, the bitterest foe he has upon earth, and
he can adjust thatdifficulty upon terms that secure
his just and legal rights, and that do not sacrifice
his honor and his pride, will he not accept them ?
As a Christian gentleman, I know he would; and
what is right in respect to the conduct of an in-
dividual, is it not right for a Government?
My colleague would never treat for terms, never
receive or send propositions, I suppose, but it
must now be "subjugation!" He would leave
one pathway of ruin and desolation from the Po-
tomac to the Gulf! And then what Union does
he restore ? A union with the dead South, a union
with the carcass of that which once contributed so
much to the prosperity of the people whom my
colleague so ably represents here. Sir, I am ready
for adjustment, ready for peace, ready for com-
promise whenever and at the very earliestday we
can restore this Union upon the oasis of the Con-
stitution, upon terms honorable to us and that will
restore to us our prosperity. In Indiana we can-
not well consider the question of separation. Our
life, the life of our prosperity, depends upon the
Union. Our trade is upon-the great rivers of the
west. Our market has been with the people of
the South. My colleague's neighbors and con-
stituents have been made rich because they traded
with the people of the South, because they sent
their corn, their wheat, their flour, their bacon,
and their beef upon the friendly waters of the
Ohio and the Mississippi, and found all along the
shores a friendly people who were ready and will-
ing to buy from us and pay us with the proceeds
of their slave labor. No constituent of my col-
league and myself ever objected to finding a mar-
ket there bccause the productions of that country
were the result of slave labor. Sir, I do not want
the brand to go all over the South; I do not want
the plowshare of destruction to leave naught
there which will again furnish us that market.
Will my cojleaguc not respond to the sentiment
that when we can restore the Union and renew
our trade with the South, so that we shall pour
wealth into her lap, and m return she shall pour
her wealth into our great lap in the Northwest,
we ought to do so ? Is he not content with such
a result? W-ould he not pray for it?
But my colleague has gone yet further and said
that this war is not to stop until slavery shall
cease to exist. Sir, more than two years ago it
