1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853'
is something very incongruous, in my mind, in
connecting lotteries and lufiles with loligious so-
cieties.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not in order to move to
strike out anything which the committee has al-
ready ordered to he insetted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of oidcr.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page
151 by insertingafter the word " same" the words
" in duplicate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. move to amend the same
section in line twemy-five by striking out the
words " and at" and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "within ten days after."
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the same
section m line thirty-five by striking out the word
" thirty" and inserting instead the word " ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line fifty-two I move to
amend by striking out the word " thirty " and in-
serting the word " ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In liny thirty-six I move to
insei t after the word " payable" the words " and
have been demanded."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORR1LL. I move to insert in the fifty-
fifth line, after the word " dollars," the word
" annually."
Theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 move to strike out after the
word " provided," in the forty-eighth line, the
words, " that in all cases where the rate or price
of advertising is fixed by any law of the United
States, State, or Territory, it shall be lawful for the
company, peison, or persons publishing said ad-
vertisements to add the duty or tax imposed by
this act to the price of said advertisements, any
law as aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding."
The scction, as amended, would then read as
follows:
Sec. 110. JJnd b>: it further enacted, That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid liy any peison or persons,
fiim, or company, publi-hing any now-paper, magazine,
review, oi other literaiv. -cieniitic, oi news publication,
issued peuodieaily, ou ihe gro<s leccipt- lor all udveiti&e-
niems, oi all matter-, lor the mseition of wlueh m said
iiowapapcn or other publication, a«> atote^aid, or in extras,
supplements, sh"et-, or riy-leaves accompanying thes-ame,
pay if. lequned oi leeeived, a duty of three per cent.; and
the pew>n <)i pcison>, firm, oi company, owning, possess-
ing, or having the care or management of any and eveiy
such newspaper oi other publication, as atoiesaid, shall
make a list oi leturn on the 1st day of January, Apul, July,
and Oetobcr of each year, containing the gross amount of
receipt* .is aforesaid, and theauiountof duties which have
acci ued tlieieon, and render tlie same in duplicate to the
assistant as-essm of the it^pective districts wheio Mich
nevvspapet, magazine, leview, or other literary or news
publication is or may be published, whieh list or return
shall have annexed a decimation, under oath or aflnma-
tion, to be made according to the, m;innnt and toim which
may be fiom tune to unie pieseiibed by the Commissioner
of internal Revenue, of tin: ownet, porw<^-or, oi person
having the cure or management oi'c-ueli in-wspapci, majra-
ziiit!, levit'W, oi other publication, a-, filoioauj, that the
saiue is tiue and con* ct, and shall aho quart eil}, within
ten days alter the time ot making said ii-t or retuin, pay
to the coileetoi or d< puty colleetoroi the district, a.-1 aiore-
said, the lull amountof said duties; and in ease ot neglect
or letusal to comply with any ot the provisions contained
in this section, oi to make and lender baid list or leturn,
as aforesaid, tor the ."pace ot ten davs attei the time when
said list or icturn ought, to have been made, as aforesaid,
the assistant assessors ot the lespeetive dtsitiete shall pro-
ceed to estimate the duties, ay iu-iototoh; piovidedm other
cases of dehnqneney ; and in eas( ofri'-gleer oi lelusal to pay
the duties. a^> atoies'ud, tor the space ol ten days a'tei said
duties become due and pajable and have been demamh d.
said owner, e-=oi, oi pet-on oi pcisnn-* having the '-are
or managementof^aid newspapers ot publication-, as afore-
said, shall pay,in addition theieto,.i penal t) ot live percent,
on theamuuntdiie; and mca^eo! finu<l oi ova--jon, whereby
the revenue is attempted to be defrauded, or the duty with-
held, said owneis, po—essois, or pet>on oi peisoi^ having
the caie or management oi said newspapers fir other pub-
lications, si5? aio.csaul, shall torfeit and pay a penalty ot
$;,00 lor each ol/Vr.-e, or foi any sum liaudulentiy unac-
counted loi; and alt piovi^iOiH in tin* act in relation to
liens, assessment-, ami i.olleclion, not incompatible- here
with, thai! applv to tins section and the objects herein
embraced: Ptoiiderf, That the receipt- for advertisements
totheamoiiutoj ftl .uuO annually, b\ any pe:>on oi peisun^,
fiim, oi company, publishing any newspaper, magazine, re- ,
view, or other liteiaiy. scientihe, news publication, issued |
pel mdicallv, -hall be exempt tiom duty: ^ind provided j
fuil/u'Ts That all neuspapus wlio-e eneniation doe* not
exceed two thousand copies shall be exempted liom all
taxes for advem-uments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer this amendment be-
cause there are very few newspapers in the coun-
try that can have the benefit of these advertise-
ments; and it is well known that the rate paid for
these legal advertisements is so high as to create
a very strong competition among the different pa-
pers to obtain them. There is not a paper in the
country that is not competing for these advertise-
ments, and there seems to me no reason why they
should be exempted from taxation.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
that the rates allowed by the United States for
printing the laws are very low indeed, and it is
hardly fair on the part of the United States, after
fixing the rate of printing, to require a part of it
to be paid back to them.
Mr. UPSON. I will suggest to the gentleman
that in several of the States the rates paid for these
advertisements are very liberal.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to say that, so far as
the State I in part represent is concerned, the rates
paid are very liberal indeed; and it is well known
the rates paid by the General Government are
liberal; and ifitshall so occur that in any State the
rate paid is not sufficient to allow of this taxation,
it will be very easy to increase it to that amount.
I hope the gentleman will allow this section to be
passed over until we have a quorum present.
Mr. MORRtLL. Very well.
The section was accordingly passed over in-
formally.
Mr. BLAINE. There is another part of the
section just passed over, which, as amended by
the gentleman from Vermont, enforces a penalty
of five per cent, additional if the amount of the
tax is not paid within ten days after it becomes
due. The time fixed in the bill, as reported, was
thirty days, but the gentleman from Vermont cut
it down to ten. Now, that may work a very
great hardship m many cases. The gentleman
very well knows that it often happens that both
the editor and the publisher of a country news-
paper will be off away from the place of,publi-
cation for ten days at a time.
Mr. KASSON. The provision is ten days
after being demanded.
Mr. BLAINE. Leaving notice at the place of
business will be a sufficient demand.
Mr. MORRILL. In the first place they arc
allowed ten days to make their returns, then if
they shall not within ten days after make their
returns, a notice of ten days is to be given to the
delinquent, after which the penalty is to be en-
forced. The gentleman will see that thirty days
are allowed.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the time is too short.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it is ample.
Mr. BLAINE. And 1 believe that there is no
single tax imposed in this bill which will be found
more onerous than this tax upon advertisements.
The gentleman will recollect that these country
papers cannot force people to advertise at any
price they may see fit to changc. They have to
take them as they can gtt them. It is not with
them as with railroads, which the gentleman from
Vermont is afraid of taxing too heavily. They
cannot force the community to patronize them.
I repeat, that 1 do not believe there is a single item
in this tax bill which will bear more heavily upon
the class of people to which it applies than this.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to suggest to the
gentleman that he should not scold the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts set the example the other day, and I
ought to be indulged in it a little.
Setiously I object'to this amendment, and I
move to reconsider.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot bn done in
committee.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply, I merely desire to
call the attention of the genth-man from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] to the provisions of this bill. As
I understand the matter, very few of the papers
in his State—perhaps I may except the one winch
he edits—are subject to any tax under this pro-
vision. We specially exempt those which have
an income not exceeding a thousand dollars, and
we exempt all which have not a circulation of two
thousand. Now, there are veiy few papers in his
State, I imagine, outside of the cities, which have
a circulation of two thousand.
•Mr. BLAINE. There are a good many; and
I wish to say that I have no conncction with any
paper under the sun.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a point of order.
This debate is not in order, as tfiere is no amend-
ment pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The phair sustains the
point of order.
Section one hundred and eleven was read, as
follows:
J3)ui be it further enacted, That any person, firm, or cor-
poration, or the manager or agent thereof, owning, pos-
sessing, or leasing or having the care or management of
any theater, opera, circus, museum, or other place or build- -
ing where dramatic or opeiatie repiescntaiions, plays, or
petformauccs, or musical entertainments are opened totiio" "
public for pay, or where teats of horsemanship or aciobatic
sports are exhibited, but not including halls rented or used
/or occasional concerts or tboatncal representations, shall
be subject to and pay a duty of one pel cent, on the gross
amount of all receipts derived by euch person, firm, com-
pany, or corpoiation lrom such rcpi emulations, plays, or
performances, or mu«ieai enteitamments. and shall within
five days alter the end of enth and every month make a fiat
or return to the assistant assessor of the district in which
any theater, opera, circus, museum, or othei place or build-
ing as aforesaid is located, respectively, stating the gross
amount of such leceipts for the month next preceding, See.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out of line three the words "possessing or leas-
ing" and inserting "conducting."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move in lines four and five
to strike out the words" place or buildings where"
and insert in lieu thereof the words " public ex-
hibition or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of line
six the word " or" wherever it occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of lines
six and seven the words " are opened to the pub-
lic for pay, or where."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
eight by inserting after the word "sports" tho
words " whi<?h are opened to the public for pay,"
and by striking out the woids " are exhibited."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of lines
eight and nine the words " halls rented or used
for occasional," and by inserting after the word
" concerts" the words "exhibitions, lectures,or '
exhibitions of works of art."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I also move to strike out
the words " or theatrical representations" m line
nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move' to amend by strik-
ing out the word "or" before the word "per-
formance," and by inserting" exhibitions" after
the same word.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
word " respectively," in line seventeen, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the words " where such play,
performance, entertainment, or exhibition has
been opened as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend this section by
striking out " one" and inserting '4 five," so that
these performances shall pay five per cent, of their
gross receipts. You have taxed bridge companies,
and telegraph companies, and many other com-
panies five per cent. Now, if theaters cannot pay
as much, the sooner they go under the better.
Mr. MORRILL. Our object is to get revenue,
and not to compel these 'places of amusement
entirely to close their doors. Theie is a vast dif-
ference between this case and the cases suggested
by the gentleman from Iowa. In the case of
bridge and telegraph companies their receipts are
mainly profits. In the case of theaters, museums,
plays, and amusements, at least ninety-five per
cent, of their receipts ait: laid out in expenses in
conducting the establishment, in rents, in pay 'of
performers, &c., so that they do not present a
paiallel case at all with bridge and telegraph com-
panies. In this case the tax is quite as burden-
some, pethaps more so, than it is in the other
case.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by in-
serting "four" in place of" one." I notice, sir,
as has been said by my colleague, that telegraph
companies and bridge companies have been taxed
