1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
largely, and we have gone so fur as to tax a mail
whokiHs a lamb to oat five percent. That touches
me where 1 five. And now you propose to tax
theaters one per cent. What did I read the other
day in the New York papers? That the gross
receipts of the theaters in New York alone are not
less than $20,000 a night. Now J propose that
we shall place a tax upon those who go to the
cities for the purpose of spending their money.
To say that we shall tax them only one per cent,
is absolutely absurd.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire of the gentleman whether his amendment
includes " Canterbury Hall?" [Laughter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not know anything
about that establishment. Perhaps the gentleman
from Pennsylvania can tell me.
Mr. MORRILL. It is suggested that we make
it two per cent. I am willing to agree to that,
although I think it too high.
Mr. GRINNELL. I willconsentto three per
cent.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to strike
outfl four" and insert " two."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the proviso tc that section. I do not see the pro-
priety of requning a man whose income depends
upon liquor to pay five per cent, on his income,
while the man whose income is derived from in-
terest upon the notes and securities of the United
States pays only two and a half per cent. I think
that a very .unjust and unequal distinction. I
therefore move to strike out that proviso.
Mr. MORRILL. The sole object of this pro-
vision is to induce parties to take the bonds of
the United Slates. If we raise the tax upon them
now we would seem to violate the pledge that
those who took these bonds should not be taxed
over one and a half percent. \ do not myself
suppose that the United States are prohibited from
taxiing these securities; but yet at a time when
we uredrshous above all things of inducing par-
ties to invest in these bonds, it would be bad
policy to propose to tax them higher,
Mr. PIKE. 1 suggest to my iriend fiom Ver-
mont that tins is a \ery important taction of the
bill. I would like to offer an amendment, but
there is palpably no quorum here, and I do not
wish to breakup the committee, i hope, therefore,
that the section will be passed over informally.
The question was taken on Mr. Faknsworth's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the
amendment by Mnkmgout " two and a halt "and
inserting " five."
Mr. MORRILL. I submit that that amend-
ment proposes to do exactly what the committee
has decided not to do. it would make the pro-
viso a perfect nullity.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that this
is precisely the question upon which the commit-
tee has just passed.
Mr. j. C.ALLEN, i will move, then, to strike
out<s two and a half" and insert " four."
Mr. Chairman, this bill purports to be a bill for
the purpose of raising revenue. If it be the pur-
pose of the Committee of Ways and Means to
make this a revenue bill, they ought not to exempt
this class of securities from taxation. They tax
the liquors of the country, they tax a man upon
the money he invests m lands, they tax a man
upon his income, no matter whence derived, and
there is neither justice ndr reason m refusing to tax
an income derned from interest on United States
bonds. The man who owns that species of prop-
erty enjoysan advantage over those who own any
other chis3 of pioperty. He receives, semi-an-
nually, his interest in gold and silver, and that is
exempt tiom taxation by the State in which he
lives. 1 tell you that if you pass this bill, and ex-
empt these investments from taxation, you will
raise an indignation over thiscountry throughout
its length and breadth that you will not see quieted
so long as thatjaw remains upon the statute-book.
Those bonds, when they pass from the Govern-
ment into the hands of individuals, are no longer
the property of the Government. They are the
property of the individual, on which he derives an
income, on which he ought to pay, and on which,
if you deal justly, you will compel him to pay, the
same amount of tax which has to be paid on any
other income. Imustentermy protestagainstex-
empting those who see fit to invest their money m
Government securities from that taxation which
is imposed on incomes derived from other sources.
The capitalist who invests his money in these
bonds, who draws his interest, his dividends on
his bank stock, would be thus exempted, while
you would wrench from the laboring man who
tills the soil or labors in his workshop the means
on which you propose to support the Govern-
ment. If the Government credit cannot be sus-
tained in any other way, then let the Government
credit go.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, I regret that
my friend from Illinois, who has hitherto in the
progress of this bill seemed to concur in those
measures which would best sustain the credit of
the Government, has seen fit to attempt here to
make a speech which appeals to general opposi-
tion to taxation. In the very bill that we are con-
sidering the great mass of the revenues of labor
of the country are entirely exempted from taxa-
tion. There are very few of that class of men
who are reached by the income tax, or in any
other manner whatever. There is no tax at ail
upon any sum of income less than $600; and,
when it exceeds that, only on the excess over
$600.
And now the proposition which the gentleman
makes is one which aims a blow directly at the
credit of the country, which, as he well knows,
depends to-day upon the disposition of the peo-
ple to invest in the bonds of the Government. I
implore gentlemen to consider well before they
adopt a proposition which shall not hold forth
now to the people, as we have done heretofore,
an inducement to take the securities of the Gov-
] ernment.
I No gentleman knows better than the gentleman
I from Illinois that we do not piopose to raise, and
| cannot fni.se, tax enough muh-r this bill to sus-
I tain the Govt-rnment without clTectinfr loans.
{ And what s? the benefit to the people of the coun-
| try if you turn round and tax them to an m-
j creased diirreefor the purpose off">ayine; a deficit
! on your bonds which will sell for less than par,
j instead of so providing by your tax bjli as to in-
; duce people to take the bonds at par? I think
1 that we should not neglect to offer inducements
I to the people to take 'a five per cent, loan, the
I rate of mtci est fixed on the present loan, instead
| of letting them invest their money in railroad
( and insuiance companies and other secuiities.
1 We give them that inducement by exempting
i fi om taxation the income dei ivable from Govern-
] hum it secuiities. It is a matter of great impoit-
! unco, as tiie Committee of Ways and Moans
J thinks,a matter of great impoitance,as I believe,
| that we sustain the Government m this particu-
lar by securing the taking of this five per cent,
loan at par; and this we do by giving induce-
ments to every man to invest his money there,
instead of putting ii in securities that bring him
in seven, eight, or nine per cent. It is an addi-
tional advantage'to the tax-payers of the country
that the Governnient .should get par for its loan,
instead of getting only seventy or eighty per cent,
for it. I trust the committee of this House will
sustain the very consideiate action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in this respect.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, when the
vote was taken on striking out the two and a half
per cent, and inserting five percent., I think there
were a great many gentlemen who were not aware
wjiut the question was. I therefore, for the pur-
pose of getting a vote-on the «ime proposition,
again move to strike out this proviso^ which will
accomplish the same end. Ey striking out the
proviso, the tax upon income derived from Gov-
ernment securities will be the same as the tax
upon ali other income. My proposition is to
: strike out the proviso.
! The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done.
Mr. HOLMAN. The committee only voted
■upon the proposition to strike out two and a half
per cent, and insult five.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion was to strike
out the whole prowso.
Mr. HOLMAN. if the motion was to strike
out the whole, it is now in order to strike out any
portion of it; and.I now submit the very amend-
ment which the gentleman from Illinois sought
to submit, which was to strike out " two and &
half" and insert "•five."
The CHAIRMAN. That was ruled out of
order by the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. 'It is certainly now in order
to move to s'nke out the proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion was made
by the gentleman from Illinois and voted down.
Mr. G-ARFIELD. It is now half past four
o'clock, and I move the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiibur^e, of Illinois,
reported that the Committeefef the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally underconsideration, and par-
ticularly tiie internal revenue bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
ELECTION CASK IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report, accompanied by the follow-
ing resolution:
Rc>oh erf, That Lucius tl. Chandler is not entitled to a
seat in this House a  a Representative m tiie Thirty-Eighth
Congress from the second coiigic-sslonnl district of Vngmia.
The report and resolution were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
BUIlIil A CI OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a bill of tiie House to establish a Km can of
Military Justice, which has been leturnesi Irum
the Senate with amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has doubts
whether any business can be done after half past
four o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only desire to have
the House disagree to the Senate amendments,
and nsk a committee of conference.
Mi. PENDLETON, i raise the point of order
as to time.
The SPEAKER. If the point is raised, the
Chair must decide that no business can be done,
as the Houmo lias decided to take a recess at hah
past four o'clock, and that time has :urived.
The House then took a locess until seven
o'clock p. m
EVENING
The House resumed Us session at seven o'clock
p. m.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I fiow ask to take
from the table the bill to establish a Bureau of
Military Justice, returned from the Senate with
amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] indicated be-
fore we adjourned that he had something to say
on this sub'j ct, but he is not present now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made the
point of older that the hour of four and a half
o'clock having arrived, no business could be
transacted.
Mr JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stood him to make a point at that time, and 1 will
object for him now.
"At a subsequent period of the session, by
unanimous consent, and on motion of Mr. Farks-
worth, the bill was taken from the Speaker's
table, the Senate amendments disagreed to, and
a committee of conference with the Senate re-
quested,
ARMY A P I'ft O P III ATI 0 N BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to take from the
Speaker's table the legislative appropriation bill,
which I believehas been returned from the Seriate
with amendments, for the purpose of referring it
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The Army appropriation
biii is the only one which has come back from the
Senate with amendments.
t Mr. STEVENS. Then 1 ask to take up that
bill, and refer it, with the amendments, to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and referred accordingly.
MAJOR GENERAL V- P. BLAIR.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask unanimous consentto
offer a resolution which I send to the Chair.
