1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the ranks, and put new men into the ranks by
the side of them, those new men in six weeks will
fight as well as they ever will fight. That is the
real truth, and such is the proof* growing out of
our experience of this war. Why, sir, refer to
that very thirty-sixth regiment of Wisconsin to
which I have alluded, and what does its history
show? When it led under Hancock in the charge
upon the intrenchments of the enemy, it was a
new regiment. Colonel Haskall fell at the head
of the regiment, but the men did not falter; and
it was an entirely new regiment, without the ad-
vantage of having even an old organization. But,
sir, when under the operations of your draft you
call upon the men and put them into the old regi-
ments side by side with veterans, and under the
command of sergeants, corporals, lieutenants,
captains, majors, and colonels who have seen
service, officers that will not shrink, the men will
never shrink. When you have veteran officers
throughout, down through the companies, when
there is a sergeant or a corporal that stands
within reach of every man, that can put his hand
upon, him and say, "Steady, boys, steady,"
there will be no shrinking on the part of the men.
Mr. President, let me refer to a few instances
in history. Let me take the instance of Napo-
leon, the great warrior of modern times. When
he was defeated and overthrown in Russia, not
by the valor of the Russians nor the armies of his
adversaries, but by the frosts and snows of Rus-
sia, when his whole army became utterly demor-
alized so that they were mingled together, in fan try,
cavaliy, and artillery, pell-mell without distinc-
tion, when the generals and marshals of his army
were walking side by side in an indiscriminate
mass with his privates, hungering and starving
on their way homeward, Napoleon on the 18th
of October, 1812, was persuaded to leave this re-
treating mass and to go home to Paris. On the
12th of January, 1813, Napoleon called together
the Seriate of France, and by what' was denomi-
nated a decree of the Senate three hundred and
fifty thousand conscripts were raised. On the 15th
of April Napoleon left Paris at the head of his
young legions. On the 1st of May he was at
Lutzen, where he attacked the combined army of
the Russians and Prussians and overwhelmed
them, with fifteen thousand killed and wounded
on the field of battle, and captured more than two
thousand prisoners. His army was composed of
young recruits. The law authorizing their being
raised passed on the 12th of January, and on the
1st of May with his young conscripts he con-
quered the combined armies of Russia and Prus-
sia. In his order of the day addressed to these
soldiers after the battle, he said:
"Soldiers: You have fulfilled my expectations. The
baitle of Lutzen stands beside the battles of Austerlitz, of
Jena, of Fnediand, and of Moscow."
Sir, those who say that young recruits are not
good men to fight when you take them and' put
them into old regiments under old organizations
by the side of veteran soldiers, under veteran ser-
geants and corporals and lieutenants and cap-
tains, it seems to me, overlook the teachings of
history altogether, and overlook our own expe-
rience in this war, and overlook our own knowl-
edge of human nature.
Mr. President, one or two other questions have
arisen here to which I beg leave to call attention
for a moment. It seems to be assumed by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] and the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] that Sen-
ators on this side of the Chamber concede that
the present campaign will not result in the dis-
persion or capture of the army of General Lee.
Sir, I have listened to this debate with great at-
tention, and I have heard no Senatoron this side
of the Chamber say any such thing. I believe
we can all say with confidence that if we sustain
General Grant properly in this present campaign
he will crush the army of General Lee. I be-
lieve it; I think all Senators around me believe
it also. No man can foresee the eventualities of
war, it is true; it is possible that we may not
succeed; and therefore I do not believe it is wise
for us to say that we know the war must close
with the present year. But that is not at all in-
volved in the proposition that we draft fresh men
for one year at a time and put them into the old
regiments. We draft, if you please, one or two
hundred thousand men and put them into the
old regiments to fight for one year. Wo be-
lieve that the war will be finished within the
year, or at all events that the great armies of the
rebellion will be crushed and broken in that time.
But suppose they should not be, and the men
whom you draft to fight for one year are permit-
ted to go home, and you draft other men to take
their places, what harm is theie m that? I do not
see any. I agree that if you were to begin from
the beginning to raise new regiments with new
and inexperienced officers as well as new and in-
experienced men, I should not be willing to raise
them for a single year; but if you take men now
and put them into old regiments by the side of
veteran soldiers and under veteran officers of the
company and the line-, E believe they will fight in
six weeks as well as they ever will in the world.
That is my belief, and therefore I shall join with
the Senator from Vermont in support of this
proposition.
But, Mr. President, one other suggestion has
been made. It has been said by some Senators
that there is n determination to fight this war even
if it should desolate the whole South from the
Ohio to the Gtilf. Sir, I believe there is a determ-
ination on the part of this people which will not
give over this controversy, never give it over until
we succeed; but I do not believe that any such re-
sult will come, or if desolation comes it will be
but temporary, upon that region of the country.
I believe that we shall have a union of all the
States, a union of the United States, and of all
the States united and free as the result of this
great contest, and that union will be a better
union than any we have had. Sir, I believe that
when the system which has cursed Virginia, as
it has cursed the other States south of the Po-
tomac, shall have passed away, Virginia will
come to be settled up with a population such as
has settled up Ohio, broken into small farms, cov-
ered with villages, all her water-falls turned to
account in turning the wheels of industry and
manufactures, with her harbors and all her ele-
ments of wealth equal, if not superior, to New
York itself; and the time will come resulting be-
yond this period of gloom when Virginia will
lise regenerated, rejuvenated, and instead of hav-
ing a population of one million of white men and
five hundred thousand black men, Virginia, like
New York, will have three, four, or five million
inhabitants, and will be to the Union by far a
more powerful State and a better State than she
has been m her whole history. And what is true
of Virginia will become true of Kentucky, of
Tennessee, and of the other States of the South;
so that my confidence is unabated that we are to
have a Union, and a 'better and a more glorious
Union, and a more profitable Union, than we have
ever had in the history of the country.
Mr. President, allow me for one moment to
speak of Wisconsin in comparison with Virginia.
Wisconsin was born of Virginia, like the other
States west of the Ohio. She is one of the young-
est born. She was admitted into the Union m
1848-49, scarcely fifteen years ago. Virginia had
at the close of the American Revolution twice as
much white population as the State of New York.
She was the Old Dominion, the mother of States
and of statesmen; but now, while Virginia has
but about one million of white population, in-
cluding the whole distiict ofWest Virginia,New
York has four millions. Virginia, though you
include West Virginia with her, has sunk down
to the seventh or eighth rank among the States
oftheUmon. Ho w is it with Wisconsin? Though
but fifteen years a State within this Union, Wis-
consin has a white population more than three
fourths as numerous as Virginia herself. Wis-
consin can raise as many troops and more bread
to feed them than Virginia. And why all this
difference between young Wisconsin and old
Virginia? No answer can be given to it but one,
patent to all the world: Virginia clung to the
institution of slavery and hugged it to her bosom,
though she abolished it for Wisconsin and all
the States west of the Ohio. Had she abolished
it for herself when she abolished it for the north-
western territory, Virginia this day would have
been the empne State of this Confederacy. Sir,
I look upon the time as coming, though there
are clouds and darkness around us, though there
is gloom and agony and blood before us, when we
may look beyond these dark clouds to the blight
day which is yet to dawn upon Virginia, when
regenerated, redeemed, rejuvenated, republican-
ized, Virginia shall be in this,Union what' she'
was in the beginning, only th4jmore glorious,
when no stain or plague spot will rest upon her
escutcheon. * - . • ..
Mr. CONNESS, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. • % . s • ; • . •'
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,-,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 12, nays 24;' as follows: ■ ' •
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew,Conness, Davis, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Poweil, Ramsey, Richard-
son, Saulsbury, and Sprague—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Carlile,piark, DootitUe,Fessen-
den, Foot, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Lane of indiana, Lane,
of Kansas, MeDtfugall. Morgaft, Morrill, Nesmith, Slier-
man, Sumner. Ten fiyek, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—24,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthuny, Chandler, Collamer, Cow-
an, Dixon, Foster, Male, Harding, Hicks, Howe, Pomeroy,
lliddie, and Wright—13.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire particularly to
say that from the commencement of this war it
has been my opinion that we should bring forth
ourstrength by exact rules of law. I had thought
that persons well-advised in our own country, who
had charge of Federal legislation understood the.
lesson that had been taught by the French RevoT
lution when after volunteer force failed under the
Directory, the consular po\yer came in the ascend-
ency, and conscription became the law,and France
became powerful.
It is the duty of every man who has been bred
beneath the shelter of our laws to yield his prompt
assistance in maintaining them, whether they be
the laws of town or village or county or States'or
the great laws that shelter the entire Republic.
That was a duty taught to the yemngrnen of my
time, taught to those of'Older time, and should
have been taught always. 1 am afraid that that
teaching has not impressed itself firmly upon the
opinions of those who have now the authority to
conduct affairs, otherwise we should have had no
$300 provision, we should have had no $500
bounty in towns, $200 in counties, $100 in vil-
lages, robbing the wealth of the old men-and the
oid ladies to buy foreign force to go into the field,
for the whole aim and purpose and object of it is
to bring out a force that does not belong.to us.
Sir, your sons, your kindred and mine, ask no
invitation to the field. They go there free-hearted
and strong-arrtied, and go willingly, and these
are the men who must maintain our flag and must
reestablish this Republic in its integrity if it ever
shall be reestablished. The system to which I
have alluded and to which I object has been false
from its commencement and is false now. I have
been against it from its early start. I have been
against it here in a national assembly. I have
been against it in all the departments of Govern-
ment where I have had a voice. Itis wrong, rad-
ically wrong, and ignores the idea that lies at the
foundation of a great republic.
Who was it that won the battle of Marathon?
I understand, if I read history aright, that they
were Athenian citizens, not slaves, notbondsmen,
but the citizens of Athens, who went out there,
and under Miltiades won a triumph with ten thou-
sand men against all Persia. So it was through
all the legends of the ancient Greeks; and that is
what was always put by Demosthenes in his phi-
lippics as against Macedon, that Athenians should
fight, not hirelings, not men bought from foreign
States, not men hired to do their offices in the
islands ofthe jEgean, but men who belonged to the
city, and who were free citizens of Athens. Sir,
there will be no triumph for us until we shall ex-
act of the rich man as well as of the poor man
service to his country; until we shall require all
men who are able to bear arms to bear arms in
defense of the country when occasion may re-
quire. I say all men, although they may have the
reverend quality of Senators or the dignified po-
sition of Representatives, or hold other offices,
and can be paid to stay at home. I say all men
who owe the State service should be required to
render service.
What said the great master, not the greatest,
but the great master? After having been impris-
oned at Athens, accused of crimes that enemies
had produced against him, that he was not loyal
to the gods and not true to the system of govern-
ment of the Athenians; friends met about him
after he had been condemned and ordered the
hemlock. They said to him, "We have a ship at
