2832
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
the Piraeus; you will be safe; we will carry you
into one of tlie islands of the jEgean sea, where
you will bereoeived as a great teacher." "No,"
said he, to his friends, " I was born under Athe-
nian laws; I have enjoyed the benefits of those
laws; I have enjoyed their protection; I have
grown to be a man of many years; I am now an
old man; I have raised up children, and I have
taught divine philosophy—all these things have
I done, and I havedonethem because I have been
protected by the laws of Athens; otherwise I
would not have done them. I, who have taught
obedience to laws, will not violate,them; therefore
I remain; therefore 1 do not escape."
It is that principle which was taught in the
early days in Spnrta and in Athens among the
old Greeks, and which was taught too among the
old Romans in their better days,that made them
great peoples, and they continued two centuries.
We have not yet ourselves accomplished a single
century. This idea of hiring vassals, hirelings,
to fight our battles instead of making the indi-
vidual citizen fight, is a thing that they ignored,
and it was ignored by the men of the nobler days
of the old republic, and must be ignored by us if
we undertake to maintain ourselves as a repub-
lic. 1 say that the rich man is more bound to
fight. What to him is $300? Nothing. Take
the lawyer, the artisan; what is $300 to him if he
does not want to fight? Nothing. In this great
war, while we have sent from the West particu-
larly our young men, our best blood, from the
Worth and the East they have sent hirelings, men
bought to fight and who cannot fight. The great
difference between our battles in the West and in
the East has resulted from that difference in the
soldiers. The young men of the West dare not
fo home to see their wives and sweethearts if they
ave not been gallant in battle, and hence in the
West we have triumphed generally, and in the
East we have had to a large extent, with many
exceptions—I do not wish to make an invidious
remark—men who have received bounties of from
$300 to §1,000 to induce them to fight. Sir, the
inttn who docs not fight because he is willing to
maintain the flog is not fit to follow the great
Htnndai'd of the Republic. I would pay not one
of them a cent, I would conscript them all.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope we shall
now come to avote upon the amcndmentthat has
been offered. There are many things that have
been said this afternoon that I should like to no-
tice, and especially the remark which is made by
the Senator from California in regard to the fight-
ing East and West. After what has transpired
in the last thirty days, I think that thing ought
to be dropped.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to say that I
mean to make no invidious distinction between
the East and the West. I mean simply to say
that these large premiums have induced persons
who do not belong properly to Massachusetts or
New York or anywhere else to join the Army. 1
am a northern and eastern man to some extent
myself. 1 mean no invidious lemark.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the fitst section of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Coii.amer.]
Mr. BROWN called for the yeasandnays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. As the yeas and nays
are to be taken, it becomes necessary for me to
say one word. My colleague [Mr. Hendricks]
has been called away; and after what has trans-
pired to-day it is unnecessary to say that we are
on different sides of this question, and therefore
I have agreed to pair off with him, and I shall,
not vote unless my vote may bo necessary to make
a quorum.
The Secretary commenced the call of the roll;
and Mr. Anthony responded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to move to
amend the amendment by striking out the word
" shall" and inserting " may," and that will pre-
sent a question which I think is important. The
amendment now cornpelsfuture calls and drafts to
be for one year. I wish to leave that discretionary
with the Government. X think it probable that
the exigencies of the service now would be satis-
fied by one year men; but I do not wish to make
that peremptory, i hope the amendment will be
amended as I propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment can be entertained only
by unanimous consent. The call of the roll was
commenced, and one Senator answered.
Mr. JOHNSON. The mover of the amend-
ment is not here at this moment, and I do not
think he would agree to the modification.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to it.
Mr. WILSON. I think it had better stand as
it was framed by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I shall vote against it.
The call of the roll was concluded, and the re-
sult announced, asfollows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, Doohttlp, Fessemleu.Foot, Foster* Harris, Howard,
Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Powell, Richardson, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle. Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson
—29.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Chandler, Conness,
Grimes, Harlan, Henderson,Johnson,McDougalljMorgrin,
Nesmith, Pomcroy, Ramsey,Sherman, Sprague,Ten Eyck,
and TrumbnlJ—)7.
ABSENT—Messn. Cowan, Dixon, Hale, Harding, Hen-
dricks, Hicks, Lane of Indiana, liiddle, Sauisbury, and
Wright—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The remaining sections of Mt\ Collamer's
amendment were agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend the first
section of tho bill by adding these words to the
proviso, u or to apply to drafts ordered to fill the
calls already made.51
1 desire simply to explain the effect of this
amendment. The first section of the bill repeals
the commutation clause. We are short in the
whole country on former calls about sixty-two
thousand men divided among eight or nineStates.
We arc drafting for these men now for three
years, and we have provided in this bill in the
amendment already adopted that the one year pro-
vision shall not apply to them. We already pro-
vide in this first section that it shall not affect the
right to get substitutes. I propose to add to it
that it shall not affect the drafts now making on
the old calls, that it shall not affect the commuta-
tion. Let that go on and be finished; it will prob-
ably be finished in the couise of the next two or
three weeks. The States, then, will all be full;
and those that are in excess will have their credits
by the provision already adopted. We do not
want to disturb or interrupt what exists and is
already ^oirig on.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know whether
I understand the purpose of this amendment. If
I do understand it, the intention of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs is to declare
that of tho sixty-two thousand now in arrears not
diafted, all such persons can be either liberated
or exempt themselves from going into the Army
by the payment of $300.
Mr. WILSON, Wo do that for this simple
reason* 
Mr. GRIMES. Is that it?
Mr. WILSON. I will state whatitis precisely.
We have provided m the amendment already
adopted thatdrafts hereafter shall be made forone
year. We have provided, however, that that
shall not apply to any State that is short now.
Those States have got to draft for three years,
to go on and fill up their quota for three years.
This amendment provides simply that in execu-
ting the draft for the old calls that is now going
en m eight or nine States of the Union, this re-
peal of the commutation provision shall not ap-
ply, but that it shall apply when we make anew
call. It puts the whole bill in harmony.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, Mr. President 
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 lise to a question of
privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am advised that gen-
tlemen tue on the floor of the Senate who have no
right here. I should like to inquire whether the
rules have been obeyed, and I should like the
President to beinfoi med by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has no information on the subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I give the Chair inform-
ation that there are gentlemen on the floor who
have not the privdeges of this body.
Mr. GRIMES. I hardly think that isaques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is my privilege that
nobody shall be here who has not the right.
Mr. GRIMES. It is my privilege to occupy
the floor. It occurs to me that if the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts—-
Mr. McDOUGALL. laslufthat is a question
ofprivilegeornot. Ishould like to have that settled.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is rather a
question of order than a question of privilege.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a question of priv-
ilege. It is my privilege to be on the floor of the
Senate with those persons who have a right to be
here, and without being disturbed by those who
are foreign to the Hull.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will not recognize it as a question of privilege,
but a question of order; itia a question of observ-
ing the order of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 say to the President
that 1 am informed that persons having no pi'iv-
ilege on the floor are here.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I am entitled to the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If theSenator
rises to a point of order, the Chair will recognize
the Senator from California.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that if the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs shall be adopted, we
may as well abandon all efforts to replenish the
Army with fresh men. He told usyesterday that
there were sixty-two thousand men nowinarrear
from the various States andTerritories upon which
calls have been made for men. Now, in order to fill
up the Army, to replenish it in a time when he
says the public exigencies very much demand
that we should use every effort in our power, he
proposes to abolish the commutation clause, and
yet the same bill that abolishes the commutation
clause is to contain a provision that that repeal
of the commutation clause shall not apply to the
States that have been so unpatriotic as to let an
arrear of sixty-two thousand men accumulate
against them
Mr. WILSON. I would notuse the word " un-
patriotic.''
Mr. GRIMES. If any other term is more ac-
ceptable to the Senator, I am willing to adopt it;
but there are sixty-two thousand men in arrear
against certain States. TheSenator comes here
with this bill and insists that we shall pass it, and
pass it immediately, without an adjournment, be-
cause it is absolutely necessary that the Army
should be filled up; and yet, although we propose
to go on with the draft and fill up these arrears of
sixty-two thousand men, he also proposes in the
same bill that abolishes the commutation to de-
clare that the commutation as to these sixty-two
thousand men shall be continued.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator pardon me
while I suggest to him a question ? Would it not
be more profitable, and should we not get more
soldiers, and get them more rapidly, by abandon-
ing the sixty-two thousand, the debt owed the
Government, repealing the commutation, and
going on under the new law ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, in that way we should
get more soldiers, but probably not so much
money. I introduced a proposition yesterday,
but it seemed to be scouted from all sides of the
Chamber, declaring that all persons who had been
drafted and paid commutation money under pre-
vious drafts, should be subject to any future drafts
that may be made. These sixty-two thousand
men whom the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to except from the performance of military
duty by the payment of $300 each are to be ex-
cluded from any future diaftfor one year at least.
Mr. WILSON. They will come into the next
draft.
Mr. GRIMES. They will come into the next
draft, providod the amendment I proposed be
adopted: not otherwise. First we cut the Govern-
ment out virtually of the possibility of getting any
of the sixty-two thousand men that are now in
arrear from these States, because we agree* that
notwithstanding we have abolished the commuta-
tion as to all others, these particular men may
come in and discharge themselves from their lia-
bility by the payment of $300. I cannot con-
ceive of a more suicidal proposition that could
possibly be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I must certainly express my
surprise that the Senator from Iowa or any other
Senator should oppose this amendment. It is in
perfect harmony with the bill we are framing.
What do we propose? How are wc situated?
We have called, since the 17th day of October
last, for seven hundred thousand men. We have
