-tm.
TffiB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBM.
April 25.
of,foreign g^ads, "Bsiy^yout merchandise and
bring .it intp pur por.ts and we .will impose-such
and such burdens upon you." But if we adopt
the principle of this joint, resolution to take effect
from this time, w® imposeadditional-burdens con-
trary to .the implied pledge .of the Government-
tjiat no additional duty should be levied on them.
* J repeat, Mr. Speaker, that however much I
desire to swell the* revenuesof the Government
by duties oh imports,-! cannot accept this joint
resolution, since it alters a well-settled practiceof
the Government on this question. I oppose it for
the same reason I opposed the imposition of an
additional tax .upon distilled spirits, because I re-
gard it as a violation of the faith of the Govern-
ment, and a violation of the usage of all well-
settled Governments.
, The question being on the amendment to the
amendment—
. Mr. J, C. ALLEN. I withdraw it.
Mr. KA.LBFLEISCH. I renew the amend-
ment. Mr. Speaker, I eannotseefor the life of me
the distinction which the gentlemen propose to
■niake between whisky-distillers and importers. I
know of orders having been sent to Europe as long
ago as October last for goods that have not yet ar-
rived, and are not likely to arrive for two months
to come. The distiller had notice of the fact, and
he could work Sundays and night and day in
making whisky so as to avoid the tax upon it.
Now, if the House has not seen lit to impos$*&
tax upon the distiller who was notified of the in-
tended tax and prepared his whisky accordingly,
with what degree Of consistency can it impose a
duty upon goods which the party has already
taken steps four or six months ago to import, and
which have not yetarrived? I think that all goods
 ijv transitu or ordered in good faith should be ex-
empted from these additional duties, if the tax
on whisky in hand was not imposed, certainly an'
. additionalduty should notbeimposed upon goods
on shipboard.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurredonMr.fernando Wood's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. COX. I propose to amend the joint res-
olution in regard to wool by increasing the duty
from five cents to seven cents per pound on the
wool costing less than forty" cents, and from eight
to ten cents on all wool costing over forty cents.
I do-not propose, Mr. Speaker, to discuss this
matter at any length. It is the general wish of
those engaged in wool-raising, at least so far as
my district is concerned, to have just as much
protection as Congress can afford to them con-
sistent with the revenue. I think, Mr. Speaker,
that this article will bear an increase over the pres-
ent rates certainly, and 1 think if it can bear any
increase at all, it will bear an increase to seven
cents and ten cents per pound.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
stand the principle upon which the gentleman
from Ohio proposes to increase the duty upon
wool; whether it is because the wool interest of
thecountry has suffered from depreciation of price
for the last few years, or what it is.
According to my understanding of the facts of
the case, the wool-growers of the country have
never received such a compensation for their wool
sinee the memory of man as within the last three
years. The article has risen from twenty-five or
thirty cents per pound to sixty-five or seventy
cents per pound. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that I am notable to see 111 his propo-
sition any desire to keep the market open to (he
manufacturers of American wool. 1 ask the
House to notice that while the gentleman pro-
poses to increase the duty upon foreign wool, lie
does not propose a corresponding increase of t iv
upon foreign manufactured woolen goods. So
that he makes it for the interest of the manufac-
turer to manufacture his wool abroad and briii 
it in here. He therefore defeats what I suppose
to" be his object in offering the amendment, to be
of some service to the American wool-growers.
Now, sir, the history of this matter for many
years has been that foreign and domestic wool
must be manufactured together. It is therefore
true tlmta small percentage of foreign wool must
be obtained by the American manufacturer to
enable him to manufacture American wool. It
is therefore a fact, as the history of the matter for
the last forty years shows, that just as the amount
of foreign wool is increased, just in that pro-
portion is the consumption of American wool
increased. So that the amount of the foreign
importation of wool has come to be almost a meas-
ure of the amount of American wool that is beiftg
produced and used, because it takes a certain per-
centage of foreign wool to enable the manufacturer
to manufacture American wool. Another thing
is true, as statistics will show: all the wool grown
in the country will only supply about two thiids
of the wool consumed by the manufacturers.
Therefore, if it is the desire of the country to
stop the American manufacture of woolen goods,
thereby depriving the country of clothing for the
Army as well as of the internal revenue which
the woolen manufacturers pay, and the wool-
growers at home of a market, adopt the course
of policy to which the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio looks.
I submit to the gentleman and to the House
that the wool-growers of the country, instead of
suffering from the present condition of tilings,
have the price of their wool held up to seventy
or eighty cents a pound by virtue of the impor-
tation of foreign wool which the manufacturers
have been required to mix with American wool.
I submit to my friend from Ohio thaf'if he has
looked at the tables and seen where the revenue
of this country has come from, he cannot for a
moment wish to cripple or curtail the American
manufacture of woolen goods. Why, sir, the
little district which I represent upon this floor,
the smallest in-the State of Massachusetts, pays
more revenue than some whole States. It pays
more internal revenue than the whole State of
Iowa. And the State of Massachusetts, with
her ten Representatives in this House, pays more
revenue into the Treasury than the State of
Ohio, with her nineteen Representatives; pays
only a fraction less than the whole State of Penn-
sylvania, with her vast manufacturing interests,
lier mineral wealth, and her twenty-four Repre-
sentatives. And I submit that there is not a
pound of foreign wool that comes into that dis-
trict that does not create a market for American
wool. There is hardly a yard of cloth made in
Massachusetts from exclusively foreign wool.
Every yard made in part from foreign wool re-
quires a certain proportion of wool from the
American market. And if our friends in the
West had not combined to hold their wool at a
dollar a pound tlicy would have had it all dis-
posed of ere this at a larger price than was ever
known in the history of the country. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
[Here the hammer full.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by in-
creasing the duty one cent. I make the motion
to enable me to say a word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts who has just taken
his seat. Now, sir, this country has within the
last year imported between seventy and eighty
million pounds of wool, and the Government has
received in that time not more than $500,000 in
the shape of duty upon that article. We pro-
pose now to have a tariff upon wool whereby
we can bring into the Treasury of the United States
four or five million dollars, if it is imported as
largely as heretofore.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
those who are producing wool are receiving higher
rates for it than they ever received before. If the
gentleman will inform himselfupon thatsuhjecthe
williind thatin 1833-35 the wool-growers received
larger prices than they do now. And 1 will state
another fact, which the gentleman will find to be
true, that thiee years ago, taking into considera-
tion the rates of exchange and the price of gold
the producers of wool received higher rates than
they do to-day.
Now, what do we propose to do upon this
measure before the House? We propose to say
to those who are hurrying up the importation of
their wool for the purpose of escaping increased
duties that they shall pay an increased duty upon
whatever they import from this tune. I hap-
pened to see a letter to-day written by a cleik m
an importing house, in which he stated that his
firm wotild have importations in to a very laige
amount before Congress could pass a tariff upon
wool. Well,"sir, we propose to prevent that, and
we propose to put millions in the Treasury by
anticipating these men who think they are antici-
pating us by their large importations.
I know of an instance of a gentleman, raising"-
wool largely, who states that in a manufactory so
near to his own farm that he can hear the hum of
the machinery, they are using imported wool,
and that hfe cannot sellU pound of his own. And
why? Because under the present law the im-
ported wool pays a, duty of but nine mills per
pound. They can import it cheaper than Amer- '
lean producers can afford to sell, and so the Amer-
ican growers are deprived of their market, while
the Government receives scarcely any revenue.
In this way those who raise wool are left to the'
caprice or dishonesty of importers.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from ~
Ohio [Mr. Cox] will be adopted, and that the '
wool-growers of the country will receive some pro-
tection, while the revenues of the Government will
at the same time be increased. The farmers of
the country are being taxed upon nearly every-
thing they raise. The farming interest is a greater
interest than any other in this country, and as
such it ought to receive adequate protection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I am in favor
of increasing the duty upon imported wool to the
highest rates; I carenothow high it may be fixed
I will go for it.
I cannot admit the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] who represents
that these manufacturers must have this cheap
wool from abroad. Nor can I admit the truth of
his statement that wool now bears a higher price
in market proportionately than other articles of
commerce, or higher than it has ever previously
been in the history of the country. I believe there
have been several periods within the last twenty1
years when it has been as high as it is to-day.
But, sir, gerrtlemen must take into considera-
tion the price of other articles to fix relatively the
price of wool. The best article of cotton to-day
brings a higher price than the best wool. And
woolen goods are not high as compared with
articles in the market. We imported last year '
seventy or eighty million .pounds of wool, and
there is certainly no reason for continuing that
importation, unless those who import it are able
to pay a very large import duty to the Government.
Our farmers need this protection. They need
all the aid we can give them. They need an in-
creased price for their produce to enable them to
pay the taxes that are imposed upon them in
every form almost that can be imagined. It is
true that these manufacturers pay very large
amounts in the shape of taxes. But it is true also
that the consumer repays the manufacturer all his
taxes. And the farmers of the country are the
great consumers ofall these manufactured articles.
They are the men who need protection for the
products of their labor. They do not want it for
their grain or breadstuffs, but the price of these is
very low, and there is nothing which they pro-
duce which is not low. Wool is low. Every
description of breadstuffs brings a low price,
while everything they have to purchase is high.
Tea at two dollars per pound, coffee at a price
never befoie heard of in the history of I he country,
cottongoods worth as much as woolen at this mo-
ment,and everything elsein the same propoition.
The farmers must have protection or they cannot
live. I lepeat, it is the fanning interest which is of
the greatest importance in this country. The Gov-
ernment must look to the farmers for it* support,
and all the wealth and property of the country
come out of the earth to commence with.
Protect these men, support them and sustain
them. They furnish menforour Army. Massa-
chusetts is sending everywhere to find men to fill
up her legiments. I am glad she has money to
purchase them wherever they can be found in the
market, but the western States are able to fill up
their quotas in the national armies without going
elsewhere. They have furnished tens and hun-
dreds of thousands of men without stint and with-
out complaint, and they are ready to furnish more.
Gentlemen s.iy that the men who are raising
wool, and whose flocks are covering the prairies
of the West, when they get two thirds us much
for a pound of wool as others get for a pound of
cotton, are getting enough. Let us raise the price.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the pending amendment.
The SPEAKER.. Amendment is not now in
order.
