810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
dred tbousamfmen. Who now wants this promise
recalled? If not recalled, who wants it violated
in the future? Who wants.the colored army dig-
banded and sent back to their rebel masters and
white men drafted in their stead ? Will you of the
neutral party dare to answer these questions in the
affirmative? If you carry the next election will
you violate the President's promise to the slave?
Will you say to the negro soldier, "Leave the
battle-fields of our country and seek again the
cotton-fields of your rebel master. Your blood
has stained, though not dishonored the one, the
tinpaid sweat of your brow shall hereafter moisten
and enrich the other?"
Again, the President saw, or rather the people
saw—for our cautious President, I am glad to
say, does not attempt to do the people's think-
ing;, and sometimes hardly keeps out of the way
of the wheels of rapidly advancing popular senti-
ment—that every State redeemed from this unre-
frablican system of labor was thus placed beyond
confederate desire. Such a State was considered
by the rebel builders unfit for an edifice whose
corner-stone was slavery. They wanted no
free State in their confederacy to preach anti-
slavery by a prosperous example. They said
this at Montgomery when they made their con-
stitution, and have always said it since. We
knew it was true if they had not said it at all. If
the border States become free they do not want
them in the confederacy,, while without them their
territory becomes so insignificant that they do not
want a confederacy.
The Administration, therefore, encouraged
emancipation in the loyal slave States as the best
mode of bringing the war to a successful issue.
Under that encouragement slavery has been abol-
ished in the District of Columbia and three or
four States. The neutrals have opposed and de-
nounced this progress step by step. If intrusted
with the power at the next election they are
pledged to undo all that has been so wisely done.
They will reestablish slavery in the District of
Columbia, and, so far as their influence will go, in
all the border States. They must, to be consist-
ent, reenact the slave code and rebuild the slave
prison, and having got all things in readiness,
they must call upon their party friends,and, armed
with lassoes and handcuffs, stait out upon a grand
hunt for the emancipated and scattered bondmen.
On the other hand, the Union party have re-
solved that, vvilh the blessing of God, this coun-
try shall not only remain an undivided country,
but, now that the necessities of the war and the
humanity of the age require it, it shall become a
free country. The shadow of your flag shall
never grow less, norshall it darken the life of the
humblest man beneath it. The Union shall be
restored, and the United States, the simple name
that Washington gave us, shall be the name and
indicate the character of this country for all time
to come. And it shall'be a name that the poor
will love and the proud fear all over the world.
■The CHAIRMAN. When the bill was last
under consideration the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. J. C. Allen] moved to amend the clause
"for pay of commission, warrant, and petty offi-
cers and seamen, including the engineer corps of
the Navy, $19,423,243," by adding thereto the
following:
Ami that the same be paid in gold or its equivalent: Pro-
vided, That the relative value of any paper currency tend-
ered shall he asceitained by the Secretary of the Ticasury,
and his ccmit\eate shall beeonelusivc evidence thereof if
dated thiity day** before payment is made.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] moved to amend the amendment by striking
out the words "gold or its equivalent," and in-
sertingin lieu thereof" lawful money of the United
States." The pending question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Ancona and
Orth were appointed.
The amendment was rejected; the tellers having
reported—ayes 35, noes 68.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For tho construction and repair of vessch of the Navy,
§2:},800,000.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I
move to increase that to $26,300,000. It will be
found on comparing the estimates of appropria-
tions with the sums mentioned in this bill that tliey
arc widely different. Thediscrepancybetween the
two is so great that if the amount of appropriation
for the naval service for the year 1864-55 should
be limited to the sums mentioned in this bill it must
change the purpose of the Navy Departmentand
impair the efficiency and extentof our naval force.
I cannot suppose it is the desire of any persons
to cripple any Department of the Government,
least of all do I suppose that it is the desire of
anybody to cripple the Army or Navy of the Uni-
ted Statds while they are engaged in waging a
gigantic war.
And, sir, I understand that the Committee of
Ways and Means do not intend to cut off from
consideration in Congress the subject of building
iron sea-going steamers, for which an appropria-
tion was asked by the Navy Department; but that
they defer the consideration of that subject for the
♦present, intending that if Congress shall see fit to
enter upon the work that an appropriation shall
be made by a spccial bill for that purpose. The
Committee on Naval Affairs have not yet had that
subject under consideration, and I simply desire
to say at this point that we make no controversy
upon the subject of an appropriation for iron sea-
going vessels at this time, but only desire to give
notice that wc may hereafter bring in a bill asking
such an appropriation for iron sea-going steamers
as shall put the Navy of the United States some-
what on a par, in respect to those vessels, with the
navies of France and England.
But in addition to the abridgment of this item
of the appropriation bill, there is an abridgment
of the appropriation for maintaining the present
naval force, and it is to that particular point I
desire to call the attention of the committee, for
it is to that and to that alone the amendment I
have offered applies. It will be found on turning
to the estimates of appropriations that the Bureau
of Construction, from which the item before us
emanates, asked oiiginally for $13,775,000 for
repairs, maintenance, wear and tear, labor, and
materials for five hundred and fifty-six vessels.
That item,on being closely scrutinized and dimin-
ished to the utmost that the chief of the Bureau
of Construction says will answer the purpose, has
been i educed to $11,500,000.
The next item is for the completion of sixteen
fast steam sloops-of-war, $7,200,000. This item
is for the completion of the hulls of those sixteen
vessels, for which the machinery has already
been ordered, and is in process of construction.
No abridgment, therefore, can be made of that
item, because the hulls of the vessels will be
wanted when the machinery is done.
The next item put into the original estimate
was for the construction and repairs of vessels,
materials, and labor for the western waters, for
which item I think the Committee of Ways and
Means estimated $3,000,000. The amendment I
have offered increases the amount §1,000,000 for
the purpose of furnishing those western waters
with an adequate supply of ships. And I desire
to say the Navy Department has informed me
that is the lowest sum with which those rivers
can be properly guarded.
The original estimate for the other item, name-
ly, for blockade purposes, was $4,000,000, and
it was reduced by the Committee of Ways and
Means to $2,000,000. In the amendment I have
proposed is $1,000,000 additional for the purpose
of keeping up the supply of blockade vessels.
This has been ascertained to be necessary after
the most careful and searching scrutiny of the
actual wants of the service in that particular.
It may be said that a very large proportion of
the vessels engaged in the blockade service are
purchased vessels—vessels not built by the Navy
Department. It became absolutely necessary
that the Department should have a large number
of vessels for blockading purposes, and as they
found it impossible to build them, they were
obliged to go into the marketand purchase the best
vessels they could find. Of course, vessels not
built for the naval service, but for the merchant
service, will depreciate more rapidly than vessels
built under the. auspices of the Navy Department
and for the naval service.
If we take the experience of the past as a
guide for the year to come, an appropriation of
$2^,300,000 will be the lowest amount which the
Department believes it can geCalong with. And
the opinion is that if that amount is appropriated
there will still be as much probability that they
will have to come in at the end of the year for a
deficiency as that there will be any excess.
I hope, therefore, that inasmuch as the appro- £
priation asks for nothing except for the actual •
wants of the service, there will be no opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, when the
Committee of Ways and Means came to consider
the naval appropriation bill it found a very large
demand made in the estimates of that Department,
amounting to $142,000,000. The committee was
very anxious to reduce the estimates where that
could be done without injury to the public ser-
vice, and had before it all the chiefs of bureaus
connected with the Navy Department. After care-
ful questioning of them, although of course each
one sustained his original view, the committee
was of opinion that for the coming year a consid-
erable reduction might be made from the amounts
estimated for; and in the course of the examination
the committee reduced the amount $37,000,000,
believing that that reduction would not cripple
the service, but only curtail some items of ex-
pense and postpone them to another time. Among
these was the item for the repair and mainten-
ance of five hundred and fifty-six vessels-of-war,
$13,775,000. It was found that this item was en-
tirely conjectural. There were no data from which
the Department could even approximate the sum
that might be necessary. It was thought by the
Committee of Ways and Means that that sum
might well be reduced $3,000,000 without injury
to the public service^ k-nowing that no matter how
much is appropriated it has always turned out
that there is a deficiency. I have never been in
Congress when there was not an appropriation
asked for deficiencies over the appropriations of
the preceding year; and it may be possible that
though the committee has attempted to restrict the
outlay for the repair of vessels to $10,000,000, it
will exceed that amount. For all new construc-
tions there are separate provisions made. The
Committee of Ways and Means was of opinion,
from the examination, that it was just about as
competent to guess the amount that would be
needed as were those who estimated for it, for they
admitted that they did not know.
The next item is for sixteen screw steam sloops-
of-war, $7,600,000. These are nearly finished,
and it is hoped that in the opening of the season
they will be put into service. We did not cut
down the appropriation asked for completing
these vessels, but left that precisely as it stood.
That will be adding to the five hundred and fifty-
six vessels already in the service sixteen screw
steam sloops-of-war.
Then there was an estimate for the purchase,
construction, and repair of vessels for the west- *
ern waters, which a member of the committee
from that part of the country, who seemed as well
acquainted with the subject as those who under-
took to instruct us, was of opinion might be re-
duced to $3,000,000. He thought that that was
sufficient to purchase and keep in repair all the
vessels necessary for the western waters. Under
that view, and in that belief, the Committee of
Ways and Means, with the desire to keep down
the appropriations to the lowest possible amount,
agreed to report an appropriation of $3,000,000
for that purpose, in addition to the vessels that
they have there now.
The next was for the purchase and charter
of vessels for naval and blockading purposes,
$4,000,000. The committee was clearly of opin-
ion that with the five hundred and fifty-six ves-
sels now in service and the sixteen new ones just
at hand there would be no necessity for the pur-
chase of old vessels, which has been such a great
mistake generally, if it was not justified by abso-
lute necessity. The committee was unwilling to
report an appropriation of $4,000,000 for the pur-
pose of purchasing up old vessels from A, B, C,
and D.
I have no doubt they would be all honestly pur-
chased, [laughter,] but they might be purchased
by those who did not know how nearly rotten
they were, and who might be so easily deceived
by cousins and friends. Therefore 1 hope the
bill will be allowed to stand as it is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
by striking out the word " dollars"in the twelfth
