228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38TH CONG. ;.. 1ST ffe&.
Laws of the United'States.
property, Wfjere the whole amountof such per-
sonal property, as aforesaid, shall exceed the sum
of one thousand dollars in' actual' value, passing,
after the passage of this act, from any person pos-
sessed of stfeh property, either by will or by the
intestate laws df any State or Territory, of any
Eersonal property or' interest thereiVi, transferred
y deed, grftnt, bafgain, sale, or gift, made orin-
tended to take' effect in possession or enjoyment
after the deatfi of £he grantofor bargainor, to any
person o( persons, of Co iiny body or bodies poli-
tic or corporate, id IfirisC or otherwise, shall be, and
hereby are", made Subject to a duty or tax, to be
paid tci ihg United States, as follows, that is to
stty;
Firfit. Wfiere tfi<? person' or persons entitled to
atiy beneficial interest in such property shall be
the lineal issue or lineal ancestor, brother or sis-
ter, to the person who died possessed of such prop-
erty ^as aforesaid, £(t the rate of one dollar for each
and ever y hu ridrAd dollars of the clear value of such
interest in such property.
Second. Where the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in such property shall
be a descendant of a brother or sister of the per-
son who died possessed, as aforesaid, at the rate
of two dollars for each and every hundred dollars
of the clear value of such interest.
Third. Where the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in such property shall
be a brother or sister of the father or mother, or
a descendant of a brother or Sister of the father
or mother, of the person who died possessed, as
aforesaid, at the rate of four dollars for each and
every hundred dollars of the clear Value of such
interest.
Fourth, Where the person or persons entitled
to any beneficial interest in such property shall
be a brother or sisterof the grandfather or grand-
mother, oi' a descendant of the brother or sister
of' the grandfather or grandmother, of" the person
who died possessed as aforesaid, at the' rate of
five dollars for each and every hundred dollars
of the clear value of such interest:
Fifth. Where the person or persoits entitled to
any beneficial interest in such property shall be
m any other degree of collateral consanguinity
than is hereinbefore stated, oi shall be a stranger
in blood to the person who died possessed, as
aforesaid; or shall be a body politic or corporate,
at the rate of six dollars for each and every hun-
dred dollars of the clear value of such interest:
Provided, That all legacies or property passing
by will, or by the lawsof any State or Territory,
to husband or wife of the person who died pos-
sessed, as aforesaid, shall Lie exempt from tax or
duty.
Sec. 195. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the tax
or duty aforesaid shall be a lien and charge upon
the property of every person who may die, as
aforesaid, for twenty years, or until the same
shall, within that period, be fully paid to and dis-
charged by the United States; and every execu-
tor, administrator, or trustee, before payment and
distribution to the legatees, or any parties en-
titled to beneficial interest therein, shall pay to
the collector or deputy collector of the district of
which the deceased person was a resident, the
amount of the duty or tax assessed upon such
legacy or distributive share, and shall also make
and render to the assessor or assistant assessor of
the said district a schedule, list, or statement, in
duplicate, of the amount of such legacy or dis-
tributive share, together with the amount of duty,
which has accrued, or shall accrue thereon, veri-
fied by his oath or affirmation, to be administered
and certified thereon by some magistrate or officer
having fawfu! power to administer such oaths, in
such form and manner as may be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, which
schedule, list, or statemontshall contain the names
of each and every person entitled to any benefi-
cial interest therein, together with the clear value
of such interest, the duplicate of which schedule,
list, or statement shall be by him immediately
delivered, and the tax thereon paid to such collect-
or; and upon such payment and delivery of such
schedule, list, or statement, said collector or dep-
uty collector shall grant to such person, paying
such duty or tax, a receipt or receipts for the j
same in duplicate, which shall be prepared as here- I
inafter provided Such receipt or receipts, duly i
signed and delivered by such collector or deputy
collector, shall be sufficient evidence to entitle
such executor, administrator, or trustee, to be
credited and allowed such payment by every tri-
bunal which, by the laws of any State or Terri-
tory, is, or may be, empowered to deeide upon
and settle the accounts of executors and admin-
istrators. And in case'such executor, adminis-
trator, Of trustee, Shall refuse or neglect to pay the
aforesaid duty or tax to the collector or deputy col-
lector, as aforesaid, within the time hereinbefore
provided, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver to
said collector or deputy collector the duplicate of
the schedule, list, or statement of such legacies,
property, or personal estate, under oath, as afore-
said, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the sched-
ule, list, or statement of such legacies, property,
or personal estate, under oath, as aforesaid, or
shall deliver to said assessor or assistant as-
sessor a false schedule or statement of such lega-
cies, property, or personal estate, or give the
names and relationship of the persons entitled to
beneficial interests therein untruly, or shall not
truly and correctly set forth and state therein
the clear value of such beneficial interest, or
where no administration upon such property or
personal estate shall have been granted or al-
lowed Under existing laws, the assistant as-
sessor shall make out such lists and valuation as in
other cases of neglect or refusal, and shall assess
the duty thereon; and the collector shall com-
mence appropriate proceedings before any court
of the United States, in the name of the United
Stales, against such person or persons as may
have the actual or constructive custody or pos-
session of such property or personal estate, or
any part thereof, and shall subject such prop-
erty or personal estate, or any portion of the
same, to be sold upon the judgment or decree of
such court, and from the proceeds of such sale
the amount of such tax or duty, together with
all costs and expenses of every description to be
allowed by such court, shall be first paid, and
the balance, if any, deposited according to the
order of such court, to be paid under its direc-
tion to such person or persons as shall establish
title to the same. The deed or deeds, or any
proper conveyance of such property or personal
estate, or any portion thereof, so sold under
such judgment or decree, executed by the officer
lawfully charged with carrying the same into
effect, shall vest m the purchaser thereof nil the
title of the delinquent to the property or personal
estate sold under and by virtue of such judg-
ment or decree, and shall release every other
portion of such property or personal estate from
the lien or charge thereon created by thi3 act.
And every person or persons who shall have in
his possession, charge, or custody, any record,
file, or paper containing, or supposed to contain,
any information concerning such property or per-
sonal estate, as aforesaid, passing from any per-
son who may die, as aforesaid, shall exhibit the
same at the request of the assessor or assistant
assessor of the district, and to any law officer of
the United States, in the performance of his duty
Under this act, liis deputy or agent, who may
desire to examine the same. And if any such
person, having in his possession, charge, or cus-
tody, and [any] such records, files, or papers,
shall refuse or neglect to exhibit the same on re-
quest, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay the
sum of five hundred dollars: Provided, [That] in
all legal controversies where such deed or title
shall be the subject of judicial investigation, the
recital in said deed shall be prima facie evidence
of its truth, and that the requirements of the law
had been complied with by the officers of the
Government.
succession to keal estate.
Sec. 126. And be it further enacted, That for
the purposes of this act the term " real estate"
shall include all lands, tenements, and heredita-
ments, corporeal and incorporeal; that the term
" succession" shall denote the devolution of title
to any real estate; and that the term " person"
shall be held to include persons, body-corporate,
company, or association.
Sec. 127. Jindbe it further enacted. That every
past or future disposition of real estate by will,
deed, or laws of descent, by reason whereof any
perso[n] shall become-beneficially entitled, in pos-
session or expectancy, to any real estate, or the
income thereof, upon the death of any person dy-
ing after the passing of this act, shall be deemed
to confer, on the person entitled by reason of any
such disposition, a " succession; and the term
" successor" shall denote the person so entitled;
and tlie term " predecessor" shall denote the
grantor, testator, ancestor, or other person from
whom the interest of the successor has been or
shall be derived.
Sec. 128. Jindbe itfurther enacted, That where
any real estate shall, at or after the passing of this
act, be subject to any charge, estate, or interest,
determinable by the death of any person, or at
any period ascertainable only by reference to
death, the increase of benefit accruing to any per-
son upon the extinction or determination of such
charge, estate, or interest, shall be deemed to be
a succession accruing to tlie person then entitled,
beneficially, to the real estate or the income there-
of.
Sec. 129. And be itfurther enacted, That where
any persons, after the passing of this act, shall
take any siiftcession jointly, they shall pay the
duty chargeable thereon by this act in proportion
to their respective interests in the succession; and
any beneficial interest in such succession, accru-
ing to any of them by survivorship, shall be
deemed to be a new succession, derived from the
predecessor from whom the joint title shall have
been derived.
Sec. 130. Jindbe it further enacted, That where
any disposition of real estate shall be accom-
panied by the reservation orassurance of, or con-
tract for, any benefit to the grantor, or any other
person, for any term of life, or for any period as-
certainable only by reference to death, such dis-
position shall be deemed to confer at the time,
appointed for the'determination of such benefit'
an increase of beneficial interest in such real es-
tate, as a succession equal in annual value to the
yearly amount or yearly value of the benefit so
reserved, assured, or contracted for, on the per-
son in whose favorsuch disposition shall be made.
Sec. 131. And be it further enacted, That where
any disposition of real estateshall purport to take
effect presently, or under such circumstances as
not to confer succession, but, by the effect or in
consequence of any engagement, secret trust, or
arrangement capable of being enforced in a court
of law or equity, the beneficial ownership of such
real estate shall not, bona fide, pass according to
the terms of such disposition, but shall, in fact,
be reserved to the grantor or other person for some
period ascertainable only by reference to death,
the person shall be deemed, for the purposes of
this act, to acquire the real estate so passing as a
succession derived from the person making the
disposition as the predecessor.
Sec. 132. And be it further enaefed,That if any
person shall, by deed of gift, or other assurance
of title, made without valuable and adequate con-
sideration, and purporting to vest the estate either
immediately or in the future, whether or not ac-
companied by the possession,' convey any real
estate to any person, such disposition shaH* be «
held and taken to confer upon the grantee a suc-
cession within the meaning of this act.
Sec. 133. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be levied and paid to the United States ill
respect of every such succession as aforesaid, ac-
cording to the value thereof, the following duties,
that is to say:
Where the successor shall be the lineal issue
or lineal ancestor of the predecessor, a duty at the
rate of one dollar per centum upon such value.
Where the successor shall be a brother or sis-
ter, or a descendant of a brother or sister of the
predecessor, a duty at the rate of two dollars per
centum upon such value.
Where the successor shall be a brother or sis-
ter of the father or mother, or a descendant of a
brother or sister of the father or 'mother of the
predecessor, a duty at the rate of four dollars per
centum upon such value.
Where the successor shall be a brother or sis-
ter of the grandfather or grandmother, or a de-
scendant of the brother or sister of the grand-
father or grandmother of the predecessor, a duly
at the rate of five dollars per centum upon such
value.
