1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'229
Lame of the United JSt-ates.
38TH CONS. ,,, ley SESS.
Where the successor shall be in any other de-
gree of collateral consanguinity to the predeces-
sor than is hereinbefore described, or shall be a
stranger in blood to him, a duty at the rate of six
dollars per centum upon such vulue.
Sec. 134 And be it further enacted, That where
the interest of any successor in any real estate
shall, before he shall haye become entitled thereto
in possession, have passed by reason of death to
any other successor or successors, then one duty
only shall be paid in respect of such interest,and
shall be due from the successor who shall first be-
come entitled thereto in possession; but such duty
shall be at the highest rate which, if every such
successor had been subject to duty, would have
been payable by any one of them.
Sec. 135. And be it further enacted, That where
ever, after the passing of this act, any succession
shall, before the successor shall have become
entitled thereto in possession, have become vested
by alienation, or by any title not conferring a
new succession, in any other person, then the
duty payable in respect thereof shall be paid at
the same rate and time as the same would have
been payable if no such alienation had been made
or derivative title created; and where, the title to
any succession shall be accelerated by the sur-
render or extinction of any prior interests, then
the duty thereon shall be payable at the time
of such surrender or extension [extinction] of
prior title.
Sec. 136. Andbe it further enacted, That, where
real estate shall become subject to a trust for any
charitable or public purposes, under any past for
future disposition, which, if made in favor of an
individual, would confer on him a succession,
there shall be payable in respect of such real
estate upon its becoming subject to such trusts,
a duty at the rate of six per centum upon the
amount or principal value of such real estate.
Sec. 137. And be it further enacted, That the
duty imposed by this act shall be paid at the time
when the successor, or any person in his right or
on his behalf, shall become entitled in possession,
to his succession, or to the receipt of the income
and profits thereof, except that if there shall be
any prior charge, estate, or interest, not created
by the successor himself upon or in the succes-
sion, by reason whereof the successor shall not
be presently entitled to the full enjoyment or
value thereof, the duty, in respect of the increased
value accruing upon the determination of such
charge, estate, or interest, shall, if not previously
paid, compounded for, or commuted, be paid at
the time of such determination.
Sec. 138. And, be it further enacted, That the
interest of any successor in moneys to arise from
the sale of real estate, under any trust for the
sale thereof, shall be deemed to be a succession
chargeable with duty under this act, and the said
duty shall be paid by the trustee, executor, or
other person having control of the funds.
Sec. 139. And be it further enacted, That the
interest of any successor in personal property,
subject to any trust for the investment thereof in
the purchase of real estate to which the successor
would be absolutely entitled, shall be chargeable
with duty under this actas a succession, and the
tax shall be payable by the trustee, executor, or
other person having control of the funds.
Sec. 140. And be it further enacted, That ill
estimating the value of a succession no'allowance
shall be made in respect of any contingent incum-
brance thereon; but in the event of such incum-
brance taking effect as an actual burden on the
interest of the successor, he shall be entitled to a
return of a proportionate amount of the duty so
paid by him in respect of the amount or value of
the incumbrance when taking effect.
Sec. 141. And be it farther enacted, That in
estimatirg the value of a succession no allowance
shall be made in respect of any contingency upon
the happening of which the real estate may pass
to sonie other person; but in the eventof the same
so passing, the successor shall be entitled to a
return of so much of the duty paid by him as will
reduce the same to the amount which would have
been payable by him if such duty had been
assessed in respect of the actual duration or ex-
tent of hiy interest: Provided, That it the estate
of the successor shall be defeated, in whole or in
part, by its application to the payment of the
debts of the predecessor, the executor, adminis-
trator, or trustee so applying it shall pay out of
the proceeds of the sale thereof the amount jso
refunded: •findprovided aim, Thatifthe.estate of
the successor shall be .defeated, in whole or in
part, by any person claiming title from and u nder
the predecessor, such person shall be chargeable
with the amount of duty so refunded, and such
amounts shall be collected in the manner herein
provided for the collection of duties.
Sec. 142- An dbeitfiirther enacted, That where a
successor shall not have obtained the whole of his
succession at the time of the duty becoming pay-
able, he shall be chargeable only with duty on the
value thereof from time to time obtained by him;
and whenever any duty shall have been paid on
account of any succession,anditshall afterwards
be proved, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, that such duty, not being due from
the person paying the same, was paid by mis-
take, or was paid in respect of real estate, which
the successor shall have been unable to recover,
or of which he shall have been evicted or deprived
by any superior title, or that for any other rea-
son it ought to-be refunded, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall thereupon refund the same to the
person entitled thereto, by draft drawn on any
collector of internal revenue.
Sec. 143. Andbe it further enacted, That where,
in the opinion of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, any succession shall beofsucha nature,
or so disposed or circumstanced, that the value
thereof shall not be fairly ascertainable under any
of the preceding directions, or where, from the
complication of circumstances affecting the value
of a succession, or affecting the assessment or
recovery of the duty thereon, the Commissioner
shall think it expedient to exercise this present
authority, it shall be lawful for him to compound
the duty payable on the succession upon such
terms as, he shall think fit,and to give discharges
to the successor, upon payment of duty accord-
ing to such composition; and it shall be lawful
for him, in any special cases in which he may
think it expedient so to do, to enlarge the time
for payment of any duty.
Sec. 144. And be itfurther enacted, Thatitshall
be lawful for the Commissioner, in his discretion,
upon application made by any person who shall
be entitled to a succession in expectancy, to com-
mute the duty presumptively payable in respect
of such succession for a certain sum to be pres-
ently paid, and for assessing the amount which
shall be so payable he.shall cause a present value
to be set upon such presumptive duty, regard
being had to the contingencies affecting the lia-
bility to such duty, and the interest of money
involved in such calculation being reckoned at
the rate for the time being allowed by the Com-
missioner in respect of duties paid in advance,
and upon the receipt of such certain sum he.shall
give discharges to the successor accordingly.
Sec. 145. And be it further enacted, That the
duty imposed by this act shall be a first charge
on the interest of the successor, and of all per-
sons claiming in his right, in all the real estate in
respect whereof such duty shall be assessed for
five years, unless sooner paid.
Sec. 146. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner shall, at the request of any suc-
cessor, or any person claiming in his right, cause
to be made so many separate assessments of the
duty payable in respect of the interest of the
successor in any separate tracts of real estate, or
in defined poi tions of the same tract, as shall be
reasonably required; and in such cases the re-
spective tracts shall be chargeable only with the
amount of duty separately assessed in respect
thereof.
Sec. 117. And be it further enacted, That any
person liable to pay duty in respect to any suc-
cession, shall give notice to the assessor or as-
sistant assessor of his liability to such duty ,.and
shall, at the same time, deliver to the assessor or
assistant assessor a full and true account oi .said
succession, for the duty whereon he shall be ac-
countable, and of the value of the real estate in-
yolved, and of th6 deductions clairwcd by himj
together with the names of the successor and
predecessor, and their relation to each other, and
all such other particulars as shall be necessary or
proper for enabling the assessor or assistant as-
sessor fully and.correctly to ascertain the-cluties
due; and the assessor or assistant assessor, if
•satisfied with such account and e.stfmate'as ori-
ginally delivered, or with any amendments that
may be made therein upon his requisition, may
assess the succession duty on the footing of s.uah
account and estimate; but it shall be lawful for the
Assessor or assistant assessor,if dissatisfied with
such account, or if no account and estimate shall
be delivered to him, to assess the duty on the
best information he can obtain, subject to appeal
as hereinafter provided; and if the duty so as-
sessed shall exceed the duty assessable according
to the return made to the assessor or assistaatas-
sessor, an$ with which he sliallhaye been dissat-
isfied, or if no account and estimate has been de-
livered, and if no appeal shall be taken against
such assessment, then it shall be in the discretion
of the assessor, having regard to the merits of
each case, to assess tike whole or any part of the
expenses incident to the taking of such assess-
ment, in addition to such duty; and if there shall
be an appeal against such last-mentioned assess-
ment, then the payment of such expenses shall
be in the discretion of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue.
Sec . 148. And be it farther enacted, Thatifany
person required to give any such notice, or de-
liver such account, as aforesaid, shall willfully
neglect to do so for the period of tea days after
being notified, he shall be liable to pay to the
United States a sum equal to ten per centum upon
the amount of duty payable by him; and if any
person liable under this act to pay any duty in
respect of hie succession shall, after such duty
shall have been finally ascertained, willfully neg-
lect to do so within ten days after being notified,
he shall also be liable to pay to the United States
a sum equal to ten per centum upon the amount
of duty so unpaid, at the same tinw and in the
same manner as the duty to be collected.
Sec. 149. And be it further enacted, Thatitshall
be lawful for any party, liable to pay duty in
respect of his succession, who shall be dissatis-
fied with the assessment of the assistant assessor,
within thirty days after the date of such assjess]-
ment, to appeal to the assessor from such assess-
ment, who shall decide on such appeal, and give
notice thereof to such party, who, if still dissat-
isfied, may, within twenty days after notice as
aforesaid,appeal from such decision to the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue., and furnish a
statement of the grounds of such appeal to the
Commissioner, whose decision upon the case, as
presented by the statements of the assessor or
assistant assessor and such party, shall be final.
Sec. 150. And be it further enacted, That the
duties levied and assessed upon successions by
this act shall be collected by the same officers,in
the same manner, and by the same processes-as
are or may be prescribed by law for the collection
of direct taxes assessed upon lands under the
authority of the United States.
stamp duties.
Sec. 151. And be it further enacted, That all
laws in force at the time of the passage of this
act in relation to stamp duties shall continue in
force until the first day of August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and on and after the first day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, there
shall be levied, collected., and paid, for and in
respect of the several instruments, matters, and
things mentioned and described in the schedule
(marked B) hereunto annexed; or for or in re-
spect of the vellum, parchment, or paper upon
which such instruments, matters, or things, or
any of them shall be written or printed, by any
person or persons,or party who shall make,sign,
or issue the same, or for whose use or benefit the
same shall be made, signed,or issued, the several
duties or sums of money set down in figures
against the same, respectively, or otherwise spe-
cified or set forth in the said schedule.
Sec. 152. And be itfurther enacted, That it shall
not be lawful to record any instrument, document;
or paper required by law to be stamped, unless
a stamp or stamps of the proper amount shall
have been affixed; and the record of any such in-
strument, upon which the proper stamp orstamps
aforesaid shall not have been affixed, shtUl be
Utterly void, and shall not be used in evidence.
