1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lit
line. I desire to say in reply to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means that I think
there was a misunderstanding: between some
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
and the chief of the bureau from whom this esti-
mate emanated. I regret very much that the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blow,] who is
on the Committee of Ways and Means, is not
now in his seat, as I think he has been over this
part of the estimate with the chief of the bureau,
and if I am not mistaken has come to the same
conclusion with regard to-the necessity for this
appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I mean to say that the gen-
tleman from Missouri was in the Committee of
Ways and Means when this item was considered,
and that the vote on it was unanimous.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The investi-
gation to which I referred has taken place since
that time. He has since made the investigation,
and, as I understand, concurs in the propriety of
this amendment.
I entirely concur with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways.and Means,and with every other
gentleman in this House who desires to limit the
amount of-money appropriated by this Congress
to the necessities of the country. But I entirely
disagree with him and with every other gentle-
man in the House who supposes that the mere
saving of money is true economy in times like
these.
I do not want on my hands any part of the re-
sponsibility of withhoidingfrom any Department
of the Government the necessary amount of means
to carry on successfully this war and bring it to
a triumphant close. I believe it is impossible for
the Navy Department to carry on and perform
the work committed to it, and for which it is held
responsible, unless Congress gives to it the means
which it believes to be necessary for that object.
And 1 am quite surprised that there should be
any disposition manifested here to restrict the
Department in so important a branch of the pub-
lic service in times like these.
Gentlemen may suppose that this war is nearly
ended. Well, sir, I do not know whether it is
or not. But because we do not know whether it
is or not, it seems to me it would be the height of
imprudence to withhold the necessary means for
so important a branch of the public service as this,
at least during the year to come. I believe this
amountis absolutely necessary to accomplish that
object. These ships-of-war are decaying, they
are wearing out, and unless appropriations are
made to supply deficiencies for their wearing out
the Navy will be left before the close of the next
year in very much the same condition in which
it was at the time the war commenced.
I hope this appropriation will be made, and I
believe that if the subject should be more fully
investigated the necessity for it will become still
more apparent. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I object to the withdrawal of
that amendment, because it is to strike out the
word "dollars," and that is the'principal partof
the original amendment. I therefore think the gen-
tleman from.Massachusetts had better hold on to
his amendment to the amendment. [Laughter.]
I want merely to say that I do notsuppose there
is any committee here that wishes to limit the
means which should be given to the Army or the
Navy. But, as I said before, after a most careful
scrutiny, the Committee of Ways and Means re-
ported $2*2,000,000 instead of§32,000,000, as asked,
by the Navy Department.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. They do not,
as I understand, ask for that amount now.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Rim;,
Mr. GRINNELL called for tellers.
Tellers were oidored: and Messrs. Rice, of
Massachusetts, and Steele, of New Jersey, were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 36.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the appropriation on the
fifth page, under the head of "steam engineer-
ing," for the purpose of asking him whether it
should not be included at this point of'the bill in
the general appropriations for the Navy Depart-
ment. It is this:
For the purchase of nautical and astronomical instru-
ments, books, maps, and charts; and for the repairs of
instruments, and binding and backing books and charts,
$101,042.
Mr. STEVENS. I think so; and I will move,
therefore, to transfer the clause referred to by the
gentleman to this portion of the bill at the end of
line forty-two, page 3.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. Before the committee passes
from the paragraph under the head of " yards and
docks,I wish to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, as
well as that of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to the annual report from the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, in which I find this paragraph:
" I would respectfully draw your attention to the subject
of purchases by Navy agents in open market of supplies for
the Navy. It so happens tliat particular firms or parties,
whether dealing in the articles required or not, often fur-
nish these supplies, without, perhaps, offering them for
general competition among dealers in the merchandise re-
quired. This I have in vain endeavored to correct when
it has been practiced. I would therefore suggest that Navy
agents should be compelled to establish their offices in the
navy-yards where requisitions are made, where supplies
are received and inspected, and where they should be paid
for, and to act more under the immediate direction of com-
mandeis of stations than they arc now subjected to, or else
that the agencies be abolished and a commissioned pay-
master be directed to perform the duties of Navy agent,
upon his duty pay. I am fully aware that such a reform
would meet with deteimined opposition, but my long ex-
perience nas nevertheless prompted me to run the hazard
of suggesting it for your consideration."
Now, sir, to comply with the request of the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, I offer
the following amendment to come in at the end
of the appropriations under the head of "Yards
and Docks;"
Provided, That Navy agencies be abolished, and that
commissioned paymasters be directed to perform the du-
ties of Navy agents upon their duty pay.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
I think it is not in order upon a bill of this kind
to insert an amendment making a new law.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon the point of order I
wish to draw the attention of the committee to
the fact that there is no statute law creating Navy
agencies at all; you cannot find it. It is an as-
sumption of the Executive Department without
authority of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
if there is no law creating these agencies, this
will create a law in respect to them. The Chair
rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. BROOKS. Tins only provides the mode
and manner of expending the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steyens.]
Mr. BROOKS. I make the amendment in an-
other form.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object. If the gen-
tleman will introduce a new bill containing those
provisions, perhaps I shall vote for it. Let the
question come up by itself, and not be brought in
here to embarrass this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment.
I do not wish to appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I wish merely to state that these naval
supplies cost the Government millions of dollars
unnecessarily by reason of the means made use
of to secure them. They are the worst means
which human ingenuity could devise to supply
the Navy. These Navy agents have commissions,
assumed without law, which they take and hold
despite the Executive Department of the Govern-
ment. Those commissions in some cases amount
to §100,000 and $200,000 for a single Navy agent.
Mr. PIKE. Let me say a woid.
Mr. BROOKS. Not now. One of the Navy
agents in New Yoik some years ago withheld
nearly $200,000, one $30,000, and one^40,00l).
The Navy agent under the last Administration,
Mr. Sanders, withheld an indefinite sum—an
amount not made known to the country, and never
likely to be. It is to correct these things that I
call the attention of the House to this subject. I
have discharged my duty, and I have no more to
say.
Mr. PIKE. A bill has been prepared to cor-
rect the present mode of purchasing naval sup-
plies, and in good time it will be offered. When
that bill comes before this House will be the
proper period for discussion, and not now wHen
we have an entirely different bill before us.
message prom the senate. -
Here the committee informally rose,and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr. For-
ney, its Secretary, notifying the House that that
body had passed bills of the following titles, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
An act (No. 96) to enable the people of Nevada
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States; and
An act (No. 97) to enable the people of Colo-
rado to form a constitution and State government,
and for the admission of such State into theUnion
on an equal footing with the original States.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session, (Mf.
Dawes in the chair.)
The Clerk read, as follows:
Marine Corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, privates, clerks, messengers, steward and nurse, and
servants; for rations and clothing for officers' servants; ad-
ditional rations to officers for five years' service} for un-
drawn clothing, and additional pay to musicians of the band,
$791,785 80.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That no partof this appropriation shall be ap-
plied to the payment of tiie bands of musicians known as
" marine bands" stationed at any navy-yard of the United
States.
I simply desire to say in suppox-t of that propo-
sition that this is an addition to the expenses of
the Navythatcan be dispensed with. It is purely
a fancy arrangement, anu I think that these bands
should be abolished.
Mr. PIKE. We have taken away the sailor's
grog, and I hope that we will not take away his
music.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For building marine barracks, officers' quarters, and
gateway atnavy-yard, Mare island, California. $150,781 30.
Mr. KASSON. My impression is that the
Committee of Ways and Means determined to
strike out one or two appropriations for Mare
island navy-yard. I call the attention of the
chairman to it, to know whether I amj'ight.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee reduced it.
The sum asked was over two hundred thousand
dollars.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Boston:
For additional amount for joiners1 shop, additional
amount for coal-house, extension of shear wharf, railroad
tracks*, and repans of ailkmds; and for extension of water
front, by purchase of two lots adjoining navy-yard, at a
price not exceeding $133 000—-jl;3]l9.o00.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
strike out these words:
And for extension of water front by purchase of two lots '
adjoining navy-yard at a price not exceeding §'135,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have looked with a great deal
of care into the report of the Secretary of the
Navy and all the sources of information within
my reach to know what this was. I desire to
know from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means upon what it is founded?
Mr. STEVENS. The navy-yard at Boston,
as represented by Admiral Smith, who came be-
fore the committee with plans and surveys, need's
an extension of water front. He insisted that to
make this yard efficient, in consideration of the
increased business there, it was absolutely neces-
sary to have this water front. He had communi-
cated with the owners to know what they would
sell for. Many of our vessels are sent to Boston
for repairs, and many of them occupy this very
front now. It was simply upon his statement,
; made not only now but formerly, that this appro-
; pnation was inserted.
| Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire of the gen-
| tleman from Pennsylvania whether two years ago
| an appropriation of $12'2,000 was not made for
; the enlargement of this navy-yard at Boston, and
i whether that money was expended for that pur-
pose?
Mr. STEVENS. In answer I will say that
|! there was another piece of land purchased at that
|; time. I have hero a communication from the De-
ii pnrtmr-nt, which, if gentlemen desire, 1 will read.
