THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:jrj O
m
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS 01'' CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, V. Cj.
Thirty-Eighth Congiiess, 1st Session,
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1864.
New Series.....No. 178.
raised them all within about sixty thousand. We
here ordered drafts in the States that'have failed
to fill their quotas; and here let me say that New
England, as a whole, has more than filled her
quota. The drafts which have beef) ordered are
going on in the States which are deficient, and the
men are responding by paying money, getting
substitutes, or going themselves. The drafts are
nearly all completed. They have been ordered in
nearly all the States; ande'xecuted in most of the
districts, and in a very few days will be entirely
completed. Now, we propose to abandon the
commutation clause, and to provide that on future
calls men may be drafted for one year, but that the
States which have failed to fift their quotas under
former calls shall go on and fill thbse quotas for
three years. Now I propose that in filling up
those delinquencies, the States which are behind-
hand shall stand just like the States that have filled
up their quotas,and that the law under which the
calls were made shall not he- changed until the
quotas have been filled up.. You have been called
fora given numbcrof men. Go on andfmish the
calls under the existing law, but change the law if
you choose for new calls. That recognizes ihe
right of every State and gives credit to every State
and creates no trouble.
But suppose you refuse to agree to this prop-
osition; what then? You have called on one State
for so many men, and it has responded and filled
up its quota under the pressure of an impending
draft by which the men could have paid money
or got substitutes. There is another State a little
short, a State perhaps equally in earnest, and
where perhaps greaterexertions have beeti made,
but where it is more difficult to raise men because
labor is better rewarded or because a great many
have been sent into the Navy as some States have
sent several thousand for which they received no
credit; and now you say to it, "We called on
you for so many men, you have not furnished
them, but if they were drafted they would have
had the right to get substitutes or pay their com-
mutation ; now the time is out, you are now draft-
ing to fill up your quota, but we will take away
yt>urright to pay tiie money,"
Mr. JOHNSON. How many men in Massa-
chusetts?
Mr. WILSON. Massachusetts is less than
four thousand behind, and she has put into the
naval service not less than ten thousand sailors
for whom she has no credit.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator if in his estimate of the
amount that Massachusetts and other States are
behind he counts the three months'men that were
raised at the commencement of the war.
Mr. WILSON. The three months'men, the
nine months' men, the twelve months'men, the
three years' men are all counted m all the States
and ail equalized. A three months' man makes
so much of a three years'man; a nine months'
man makes one fourth of three years; a twelve
months' man one third, &c. The adjustment at
the War Office is peifect. It ^ives credit for
every man raised.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me, to ask the Senator
how many clerks Massachusetts has in these De-
partments?
Mr. WILSON. I have not the slightest idea.
This is a very plain proposition, and a very just
one. AVe execute the drafts already ordered un-
der the law as it now stands;- and the Govern-
ment proposes to make a new call; we have fixed
the time at twelve months for the new call, and
the men who have paid the money are liable to be
drafted furain.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see that we are
going to take a vote on this question, and 1 move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TEN EYCK called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
.—yeas 25, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnckalevv,Carhle, Chandler, Collamer,
Conneys, Davis, Foot, Grimes, Harris, Mendfrsou, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmitls, Ponieroy, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Saulsbury, Shennan, Spvague, Van Win-
kle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Willey—S20.
_ 178
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Foster, Harian, Laae of Kainsas, Morgan, Morrill,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, and Wilson—13.
ADSENT—Mc.-sro. Cowan,Dixon, Halej Harding, Hen-
dricks, Hitiks.McDougalJ,'Ramsey, Riddle, Trumbull, and
Wright—11. *
So the motion was agreed to; and the Seriate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 9, 1864.
TheHouse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INCORPORATION OF RAILROAD COMPANY.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the unfinished business of yesterday,
beingHouse bill No. 186, to incorporate the Balti-
more and Washington Depot and Potomac Ferry
Railroad Company, reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia with amendments.
The amendments, having been severally read,
were adopted.
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. Does this
bill contain a clause providing for commutation
tickets similar to that reported yesterday ?
Mr. WHEELER. It does.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and to be wad a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay'the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SEWERAGE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to allow me to re-
port from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia House joint resolution No. 89, as to the
sewerage and drainage in the city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. If it does
not consume time, I will not object.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. It will not.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was reported back. The resolution was read. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to cause
surveys to be made and plans and estimates to
be prepared and submitted to Congress for such
additional facilities for sewerage in the city of
Washington as in his judgment are necessary fur
the introduction of the Potomac water into the
city, and for the health ofHhe city; also for
deepening the channel of the Potomac in front of
Washington so far as may be necessary for the
purposes of drainage; and also for furnishing an
adequate supply of water for the insane asylum.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the th'ird,time, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
NEW YORK AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. BP^ANDEGEE.from the select committee
on that subject, reported a bill to provide for the
construction of a line of railway communication
between the cities of Washington and New York,
and to constitute the same a public highway and
military road and postal loute of the United
States; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask that the bill may
be printed and recommitted to the committee,
with leave to report at some particular time—1
will say one week from to-day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object to grant-
ing the committee leave to report at any particu-
lar time.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. If I cannot have a par-
ticular day assigned, I shall be compelled to ask
for the previous question on the bill.
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the chairman of this select commit-
tee to say that he reports a bill to be printed^ and
that he has been instructed by 'the committee to
have it recommitted to'the committee, and not to
have it put on its passage. My point of order is
that under these instructions the'gentleman can-
not have'it put on its passage. - ! '
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do not intend to put it
on its passage now, nor have I asked it at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
chairman of the committee to have properly re-
ported the bill td:the House. The bill has been
read a first and second time. The gentleman from
Connecticut or any member of the House has the
undoubted right to demand the previous question.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from Connecticut to have reported
a bill which is prevented from having a particular
time fixed for its consideration by an objection
which has been made. I therefore suggest to the
gentleman that the bill be considered now, not
with a view of moving the previous question at
once, but of allowing gentlemen on the other'side
to state their objections to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Thatbill waB pot here consid-
ered in committee at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I' rise to «
question of order. I desire to know whether that
bill was reported from a committee.
The SPEAKER. It was reported from a com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand this bill to be
reported by the gentleman from Connecticut, the
chairman of the committee, to he printed and re-
committed to the committee. Am I right?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. So far.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, will the gentleman state
the other point?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I have
not been present at the meeting of the committee
during the last week, having been called home
by sickness in my family, but I have been in-
formed by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sloan] who presided in my absence what are
the facts. I am authorized by that committee, as
I understand, to report this bill to the House for
the purpose of having it printed and recommitted
to the committee, and to have a day assigned by
order of the House for its consideration. Gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House object to
the bill being printed. If they object to the House
ascertaining what is its character, if they are
willingtoputthe billon its passage withoutknpw-
ing what it is, 1 am ready for ihp proposition;
and I demand the previous question and trust that
the House will sustain me.
I submit to the gentlemen who seem to oppose
action on this bill that this is an important meas-
ure, and that it ought to be printed. I believe
that no one disputes that the 'bill ought to be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS. No one objects to that.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I suggest to the House
that a day be fixed for the consideration of this
bill. This every man knows is necessary in ref-
erence to the business of the session which is now
near its close. I suggest that some day be fixed
when a hearing can be had, so that the House
may dispose of it as it pleases. If the House vote
it down, well; if they pass the bill, so much the
better. AH I want and all 1 am authorized to ask
is that-the bill shall be recommitted to the special
committee with leave to report it back at some
designated day for consideration. I will hear any
suggestions that gentlemen may have to make.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not believe that we shall
differ as to the understanding of the committee.
But a small portion of the committee have seen
or read the bill. It was agreed that it should be
reported to the House and ordered to be primed,
with instructions that it should go back to the
committee when it was printed to be fully consid-
uied. The question has not been settled until it
goes back to that committee. _ It is not certain
that they will not amend it; it is not certain that
they will not change it in one form oranother,or
altogether, or lay it on the table in the eommittae.
