1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong-.... 1st
a particular stamp, to be provided for that pur-
pose, with such words or device thereon as he
shall judge pioper, winch shall denote that such
instiument js not chargeable with any stamp
duty, or is chargeablc only with the duty denoted
by the stamp affixed; andevery such instrument,
upon which the said stamp shall be impressed,
shall be deemed to he not chargeable, or to he
chargeable only with the duty denoted by the
stamp so affixed, and shall be received in evi-
dence in all courts of law or equity, notwith-
standing any objections made to the same l*y
reason of it being unstamped, or of it being in-
sufficiently stamped. -
Sec. 163. And be it further enacted, That no
deed, instrument, document, writing, or paper,
required by law to be stamped, which has been
heretofore signed or issued without being duly
stamped, or with a deficient stamp, nor any copy
thereof, shall be recorded, or admitted, or used
as evidence in any court until a legal stamp or
stamps, denoting the amount of duty,shall have
been affixed thereto, and the date when the same
is so used or affixed, with his initials,shall have
been placed thereon by the person using or affix-
ing the same; and the person desiring to use or
record any such deed, instrument, document,
writing, or paper as evidence; his agent or attor-
ney, is authouzed in the presence of the court,
register, or recorder, respectively, to affix the
stamp or stamps thereon lequired: Provided, That
no instrument, document, or paper mode, signed,
or issued, prior to the passage of this act, with-
out being duly stamped, or having thereon an
adhesive stamp or stamps, to denote the duty im-
posed thereon, shall, for that cause, if the stamp
or stamps required shall be subsequently affixed,
be deemed invalid and of no effect: Provided fur-
ther, That any power of attorney, conveyance, or
document of any kind, made,or purporting to be
made, in any foreign country to be used in the
United States, shall pay the same duty as is re-
quired by law on similar instruments or docu-
ments when made or issued m the United States;
and the party to whom the same is issued, or by
whom it is to be used, shall, before using the
same, affix thereon the stamp or stamps indica-
ting the duty required.
Sec. 164. And be it further enacted, That all the
piovistons of this act relating to dies, stamps, ad-
hesive stamps, and stamp duties shall extend to
and include j[except where manifestly impracti-
cable) all the aitides or objects enumerated in
schedule maiked C, subject to stamp duties, and
apply to the provisions in relation thereto.
Sec. 165. And be it further enacted, That if any
person, firm, company, orcorporanon shall make,
prepare, and sell, or remove for consumption or
sale, drugs, medicines, preparations, composi-
tions, articles, or things, including perfumery,
cosmetics, lucifer or friction matches, cigar lights,
or wax tapers, photographs, ambroty pes,daguer-
reotypes, or other sun pictures of any descrip-
tion, and playmg-cards, upon which a duty is
imposed by law, as enumerated and mentioned in
schedule C, without affixing thereto an adhesive
stamp or label denoting the duty before men-
tioned, he or they shall incur a penally of ten dol-
lars for every omission to affix such stamp: Pro-
vided,, That nothing in this act contained shall
apply to any uncompounded medicinal drug or
chemical, nor to any medicine compounded ac-
cording to the United States or other national
pharmacopoeia, nor of which the full and pioper
formula is published m either of the dispensato-
rie^, formulai ics, or text-books in common use
among physicians and apothecaries, including
homoeopathic and eclectic, or in any pharmaceu-
tical journal now used by any incoipointed col-
lege of pharmacy, and not sold or olfeted for
sale, or ad i.ertis« d under any other name, form,
or guise, than that under which they may be sev-
erally denominated and laid down in said phar-
macopoeias, dispensatories, text-books, or jour-
nals,as aforesaid, nor to medicines sold to, or for
the use of, any person, which maybe mixed and
compounded specially for said persons, accord-
ing lo'the written lecipe or prescription of any
physician or surgeon
Sec. 1G6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
manufacturer or maker of any of tho articles for
sale mentioned in schedule C, after the same shall
have been so made, and the particulars herein-
before required as to stamps have been complied
with, who shall take off, remove, or detoch, or
cause, or permit, or suffer to be taken off, or re-
moved, or detached,any stamp, or who shall use
any stamp, or any wrapper or cover to which
any stamp is affixed, to cover any other article or
commodity than that originally contained in such
wrapper or cover, with such stamp when first
used, with the intent to evade the stamp duties,
shall for every such article, respectively, in re-
spect of which any such offense shall be com-
mitted, be subject to a penalty of fifty dollars, to
be recovered together with the costs thereupop
accruing; and every such article or commodity
as aforesaid shall also be forfeited.
Sec. 167. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the passage of this act every maker or man-
ufacturer of any of the articles or or commodities
mentioned m schedule C,as aforesaid, who shall
sell, send out, remove, or deliver any article or
commodity, manufactured as aforesaid, before
the duty thereon shall have been fully paid, by
affixingthereon the proper stamp,as provided by
law, or who shall hide or conceal, or cause to b<;
hidden or concealed, or who shall remove or con-
vey away, or deposit, or cause to be removed or
conveyed away from or deposited in any place,
any such article or commodity, to evade the duty
chargeable thereon, or any part thereof, shall be
subject to a penalty of one hundred dollars, to-
gether with the forfeiture of any such article or
commodity.
Sec. 168. Andbe it further enacted,That, a\\ medi-
cines, preparations, compositions, perfumery,
cosmetics, lucifer or friction matches, and. cigar
lights, or wax tapers, cordials, and other liquors
manufactured wholly or in pait of domestic spii-
its, intended for exportation, as provided for by
la,w, in order to be manufactured and sold or re-
moved, without being charged with duty, and
without having astamp affiled thereto, shall, un-
der such rules and legulations as the Secietary of
the Treasury may prescribe, be made and manu-
factured in warehouses similarly construct* d to
those known and designated in Treasury regula-
tions as bonded warehouses, class two: Provided,
That such manufacturer shall fiist give satisfac-
tory bonds to the collector of internal revenue for
the faithful observance of all the provisions of
law and the rules and regulations as aforesaid, in
amount not less than half of that required by the
regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury from
personsallowed bonded warehouses. Such goods,
when manufactured in such warehouses, may be
removed for exportation, under the direction of
the proper officer having charge thereof, who
shall be designated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, without being charged with duty, and with-
out having a stamp affixed thereto. Any manu-
facturer of the urticles aforesaid, or ofany of them,
having such bonded waiehouse, as afoiosaid,
shall be at liberty, under such lules and icguia-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe, to convey therein any materials to bo used
in such manufacture which are allowed by the
provisions of law to be exported free from tax or
duty, as well as the necessary materials, imple-
ments, packages, vessels, brands, and labels for
the preparation, putting up, and export of the
said manufactured articles; and every article so
Ufccd shall be exempt from the paymentof stamp
and excise duty by such manufacturer. Articles
and materials so to be used may be transferred
from any bonded warehouse in which the same
may be, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe, into any bonded
warehouse in which such manufacture may be
conducted,and may be used in such manufacture,
and, when so used, shall be exempt from stamp
and excise duly; and the receipt of the officer in
charge, as aforesaid, shall be received as a
voucher for the manufacture of such articles. Any
materials imported into the United States may,
under such rules as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe, and under the direction of the
proper officer, be removed m original packages
fiom on shipboard, or from the bonded ware-
house in which the. same may be, into the bonded
warehouse in which such manufacture may be
carried on, for the purpose of being used in such
manufacture, without paymentof duties thereon,
and nfay there be used in such manufacture. No
article so removed, nor any article manufactured
in said bonded warehouse, shall be taken there-
fiom, cxcept for exportation, under the^irection
of the proper officer having charge thereof, as
aforesaid, whose certificate, describing the arti-
cles by their marks, or otherwise, the quantity,
the date of importation, the name of vessel, with
such additional particulars as may from time to
time be required,shall be received oy thecollector
of customs in cancellationof the bonds, or return
of the amountof foreign import duties. AH labor
performed and services rendered under these reg-
ulations shall be under the supervision of an offi-
cer of the customs, and at the expense of the
manufacturer.
Sec. 169. And be it further enacted, That any
person who shall offer for sale any of the articles
named in schedule C, whether the articles 'so
offered are imported, or are of foreign or domestic
manufacture, shall be deemed the manufacturer
thereof, and subject to all the duties, liabilities,
and penalties imposed by law in regard to the sale
of domestic articles -without the use of the proper
stamp or stamps denoting "the duty paid thereon:
Provided, That when any such imported articles
shall be sold in the original and-unbroken pack-
age in which the bottles or other inclosures were
packed by the manufacturer, the person so sell-
nigsald articles shall not be subjectto anypenalty
on account of the want of the proper stamp.
Sec. 170. Andbeit further enacted, That in any
collection district where, m the judgment of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, the facilities
for the procurement and distribution of stamped
vellum, parchment or paper, and adhesive stamps,
aie or shall be insufficient, the Commissioner, as
aforesaid, is authorized to furnish, supply, and
deliver to the collector and to the assessor ofany
such district, and to any assistant treasurer of the
United States, or designated depositary thereof,
or any postmaster, a suitable quantity or amount
of stamped vellum, parchment or paper, and ad-
hesive stamps, without prepayment therefor,and
shall allow the highest rate of commissions
allowed by law to any other parties purchasing
the same, and may in advance require ofany such*
collector, assessor, assistant treasurer of the
United States, or postmaster, a bond, with suf-
ficient sureties, to an amount equal to the value
ofany stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, and
adhesive stamps which may be placed in his
hands and remain unaccounted for, conditioned
for the faithful return, whenever so required, of
all quantities or amounts undisposed of, and for the
payment, monthly, of all quantities or amounts,
sold or not, remaining on ha'nd. Anditshall be
the duty of such collector to supply his deputies
with, or sell to other parties within his district
who may make application therefor, stamped vel-
lum, parchment, or paper, and adhesive stamps,
upon the same terms allowed bylaw, or under
the regulations of the Commissioner of internal
Revenue, who is hereby authorized to make such
other regulations, not inconsistent herewith, for
the security of the United States and the better
accommodation of the public, in relation to the
matters hereinbefore mentioned, ashemayjudge
necessary and expedient. And the Secretary of
the Treasury may, from time to time, make such
regulations as he may find necessary to insure
the safe-keeping or prevent the illegal use of all
such stamped vellum, parchment, paper, and
adhesive stamps.
SCHEDULE B.
Stamp Duties.
Agreement of contract, other than those
specified in this schedule; any appraise-
ment of value or damage, or for any other
purpose; for every sheet or piece of paper
upon which cither of the same shall be
written, five cents.... *   
Provided, That if more than one appraise-
ment, agreement, or contract shall be
written upon one sheet or piece of pa-
per, five cents for each and every addi-
tional appraisement, agreement, orcon-
tract.
Duty.
#0 05
