1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
M r. MORRILL. I proposed an hour and there
was no objection.
The SPEAKER, Does the gentleman fiom
Vermont demand the previous question J
-Mr. MORRl LL. I wlil nut demand the pre-
vious question until rhe gentleman from Indiana
bus had an opportunity to submit his amend-
ment.
Mr. I10LMAN. I demand theprevious ques-
tion on the pending amendment.
Tlje piwious question was seconded, and the
<0 main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether u will be satisfactory to him to
close debate, with opportunity to olVer amend-
ments?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The gentleman
ought to he satisfied that there is no factious dis-
position on this side of the House. We have
met him m the mostlibeial spiiit, but a measure
of tins chai ucter should be discussed; and so long;
as gentlemen speak to the question, ami move perti-
nent amendments, the gentleman should permit it
lo he clone.
Mr. MORRILL. I £ivo notiee that I shall
sail for the previous question in a very short
time.
Mr. Cox's amendment to the amendment, was
then disagreed to.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 53,
soes 40.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
portion of the resolution which relates to wine,
porhjr, ale, beer, &c., and in lieu thereof to in-
sert; "On wine, alt-, porter, beer, brandy, and
other spnits and other liquors and cordial* of all
kinds, a duty of fifty per cent, in addition to the
duty now authorized by law." 1 think that tin-
duty, instead of beingan increase of fifty percent.,
ought to be one hundied per cent.; but in vrew of
the importance of the increase at this time, 1 am
inclined to rest content with fifty per cent. No
argument is necessary to show the necessity for
tins increase. We have increased the duty on
domestic spirits and wines enormously, and this
is eompaiatively a small increase.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose I might as well
avail myself of this opportunity to say what I have
to say. 1 think the House cannot do better than
now to adopt my proposition and end this con-
troversy. I do not think it possible, with a slip
of paper containing a few items upon it, and im-
printed at that, tor this House to make a reason-
aide tan If bill, i have thought so from the fiist.
If we go on in this way we shall goon without
knowing what we are doing, and when we have
got through we shall know no better what we
have got.
Now, what 1 propose is that we shall increase
the piesent rates fifty pel c< nt. on everything for
sixty days to come, so as to keep out this tush
of tmpoi tation, until we can matuie a taiiffbili,
print it, and d< hberately consider )t as such a bill
ought to be consideied. When tha' is done, let
it take the place of what we are now doing.
It is [.lam that if this resolution had passed a
we^'k ago we should have received more than two
million doliarsupon the importations of last week
alone, and we should have s^vetl the necessity of
expoiung the difference between $#,000,000 of
imports and *$00,000 of exports. What is the
consequence of this state of things? Gentlemen
may wondei what it is that aflV-Mis the puce of
gold. I know there aie many things, hut it is
not any mysteiy to me that after we have cre-
ated a necessity by out own action for the export
of $7,000,000 of gold, to pay for nnpoits which
we had no expous to pav with, thai gold should
be at eighty-live per cent, premium and still ris-
ing. It is no iny-s!'.'! y to me, nod if you h i this
thing go on until we can piepaie a t iriu biii, and
let importei s throw into the rnai ki t all the goods
they can, God only ivnws vvhere ixncl what (.he
end w dl be,
I ,s tw a it net three days a^o to the Secretuiy
of the Tr«as<- ry fiom w-nt'eman in Liverpool
connected with a I tr^e hou?.e, 1 mU u'ttei stated
that sine- this ux bill has been pend'n^ ot con-
temp!at"d, hu'_*ei o'deis t,y oie L.if Ii.h'j been
1 ect I' ' d iioiii America m on< w- • K than wen*
ever b« tore i eeei v i d in any oi:e week ; and among
oiht<r things u w.n* innrtioaed that muic <>niwr«
had been received for the single article of iron
alone than ever before were received in four times
the same length of time.
Now, sir, [ hope, in order that this bill may
go untrammeled and with a single section to the
Senate and pass to-morrow, and thus stop the
further evil we see pending and which we have
already m part realized, the House will see the
piopiiety of adopting uty amendment. That will
give us time for reflection, and give us time to
mature a bill which will be satisfactory to all
parts of the House and country, and in the mean
time prevent this ruinous influx of foreign goods
for which gold must be sent abroad to pay.
1 do nottiesire to occupy the time of the House.
I think the House should agree at once to come
to a vote, and I shall call the previous question.
I do not think that anybody who takes a proper
view of the matter ought to object. Let us take
a vote and decide the question at once.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. If the object of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as now stated,
in reference to the passage of this hasty tanif
bill, be lo depress the price of gold, it is hut an-
other of the efforts upon the part of the legisla-
tive power to control the commerce of the country.
Air. STEVENS. That isjiot the object, but
it might be a consequence. The object is to get
a tariff upon iheiniinense amount of goods which
will come into the country during the next thirty
days. I do not believe much in legislating to de-
press the price of gold.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I think we should
be satisfied by this time that any action of Con-
gross to control the pi ice of gold is vain and fu-
tile. We have already made an effort to depress
the price of gold, and the immediate effect was
to raise it from sixty to eighty-five cents on the
dollar.
Jf the object be revenm?, 1 would remind the
gentleman that there is such a thing as prohibi-
tion by increasing the tariff to an extraordinary
extent; that when you place an import duty be-
yond a certain height the necessary effect and
result is to prohibit its importation. Thispropo-
sition iseither foi revenue or for prohibition, it is
urged here that the American people are extrava-
gant; that they aiegiven to an extraordinary con-
sumption of foreign luxuries; and that it is neces-
sary to stop the consumption of foieign luxuries
by the adoption of prohibttoiy measures upon the
part of Congress. If that be the object, then you
ioseyour revenue; if levenue beyour object,you
can only go tu n culaii) and limited extent. But
my ground of opposition to this proposition is
th.u this is the adoption of a principle m tariff
legislation that is utterly unprecedented and ei-
roneous to the commercial as well as the Treasury
interests of the couutiy. i would rather put the
tariff at filly i er cent., as a temporary measure,
until we can mature a taisll' such as we ought to
have. If the gentleman will consent, to reduce it
to twenty-tive per cent. 1 would very cheerfully
vote for that.
Mr. MORRILL, i now move the previous
question.
Mr. KASSON. Before the gentleman docs that
{. hope he will allow me to olfer my proviso to the
substitute.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 w ill yield for that purpose.
Mr. KASsON. I move to add to the substi-
tute the following proviso:
Provided. That pun turn paper unsized, used for book* and
new -p.t[)<•!> e.\t htMVi h , be exempt fomj die operation
lit l!n . if-oillllii i.
Mr. MORRILL. I now renew the demand for
the pi evions question .
The pre vious question was seconded, and the
main question orUeiud.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, [ concede at
the outset that any measure that can be adopted
in this hurned mannm must necessarily be crude.
Oui pmpo^e here is to obtain levenue. if we im-
pose an\ui>n iii the nut ure of an embargo on im-
po nation6, tlit-it we inuat increase our internal tax.
it would Lave'to be vastly increased or we should
fail in our object.
Now, the ptonosifion of the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] imposes a horizon-
tal or an nidiseimmuue duty upon all articles.
In mv pidjrn.enf i> >s better to go over these aiti-
< b s utoi e im de rai 1, t> iui detei m.lie W hat ai th. les
wJi iieai an in.Meused rate of taxation. The biil
miroUucfcU by myKtif', wuh th« approval of  
j majority of the Committee of Ways and Means,
i imposes discriminating duties upon all these com-
jfoon articles of consumption taxing teas and ex-
! empting sugars and coffee, already dear enough.
!' J think it more expedient to passu bill of that
description than it would be to pass a bill im-
posing the same duty upon everything, much
higher than we propose permanently, and result-
ing only in putting money into the pockets of
those having large stocks on hand. Everybody
knows that an increase of the duties of fifty per
cent, would amount on many articles to absolute
prohibition. 1 trust that the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
will not prevail.
The question now being upon the substitute,
Mr. MARCY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the substitute was
agreed to—ayes 92, noes 16.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD demanded the yeas
and navs on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. iDAWSON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the resolution in reference to min-
eral lands offered on last Monday by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Pernando Wood.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from New
York to allow me to offer a resolution of priv-
ilege.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I yield for that
purpose.
HON. VIIANCIS P- BLAIR.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolution:
Resoh-ed, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to tiiih House whether Hon. Francis P. Blair, Jr.,
representing the first congressional district of Missouri in
the present Hou*e, now hold* any appointment or com-
mission in the military service of the United States ; and
if ou, what that appointment or commission is, and when
the <fu<l Blair accepted the same, and whether he is now
acting uncle.i the authoutyot any  uch appointment or com-
mt^iou.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that while
this is a question of privilege it requires unani-
mous consent to be considered now, being a call
upon the Piesident for information.
Mr. COX. I should like the resolution to in-
quire, also, whether any other member of Con-
gress has held or is holding a military commis-
sion.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio may
move to amend it in that way.
The SPEAKER. Is there unammousconsent
to consider the. resolution at this time?
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over, under the rule, for one day.
Mr. DAWES, i move to suspend the rules
I will say that the matter under consideration by
the Committee of Elections, touching the right
to a seat of the gentleman from Missouri, renders
it exceedingly proper that we should have that
mfoi mation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the gentleman from New York can yield, if there
be any objection, as tiie previous question htts
been ordered on his resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I understood the gentleman
to permit me to make my motion to suspend tho
rules.
Mr. COX. What became of my amendment?
I moved to amend the resolution so as to inquire
in regaul to any other member of Congress hold-
ing tf commission since the war commenced.
Mr. DAWES, 1 have not got any objection
to the laigest inquiiy.
Th" SPEAKER. The Chair hears no obj«c-
