M6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
tionto.the;geot,leman from Massachusetts moving
to,' append, the rules. . .
Mr.DAWES'. ! suggest to thegentleman frorri
OJiio that if be.vyill naentionihe, names he desires
insprteil I will.liaya them put it).
. The <ju§stib,n was taken; and, tiro thirds voting
in favor 'thereofj the rulers were suspended and the
resqlutiQa wa,$ introduced. , ,. , .
Mr. DAWES. I move tlie previous question
on the ailpptioji of the resolution.
, The i)if viou.s question was seconded,, and the
main question ordered; and under iis operation
t.he yesojfttfan^a^ ,adopte!l.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted-, -and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' MINERAL LANDS.
The Hpuse next proceeded to the considera-
tion "of tfie resolution introduced by the gentle-
man .fro.m New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] on
Monday last, on which the main question irad
been.oj-dered, the pending motion being that of
Mr. McIndoe to lay the resolution on the table.
The preamble to the resolution recites that die
Government of the United States in succeeding to
the sovereignty of the regions of country in which
the mines of Colorado and Arizona are sitiiated be-
came invested w ith th e complete proprietary title to
said mines; thatno act of Congress has been passed
alienating or providing for the disposition of any
part thereof or prescribing measures for (he protec-
tion qf them; arid that individuals and companies
lireaisuming ownership and occupation, and at-
tempting to work these mines, and inducing the in-
vestment of capital in them by innocent parties.
It therefore resolves that the President of the Uni-
ted States be requested to take such measures as
may in hisjudgment be necessary for the protec-
tion of the rights and interests of the Government
in the mineral lands and mines of Colorado and
Arizona fintil proper legislation be provided by
Congress.
Mr. SHANNON. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow a substitute prepared by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. KassonJU) be read for
information.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. ICASSON. I send up with that consent
the substitute, which is the result of consultation
of a number of members on this subject.
The substitute Was read. It provides that a
select committee of seven members be appointed,
to be denominated a select committee on mineral
lands, to consider what disposition shall be made
of the mineral lands owned by the Government,
and what legislation relating to revenue or other-
wise is necessary touching the same, with au-
thority to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is it in order for
me to state why I should prefer my resolution to
the substitute'.'
The SPEAKER. It can bo done by unani-
mous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I would very
cheerfully Sccept this substitute but for one rea-
son. I think it is very obvious that it is now too
late in the session to prepare a bill, and pass it
through both Houses of Congress, to meet this
emergency. We may safely conclude that no
measure will pass this Congress and become a law
to meet the case. Hence' my resolution proposes
that the President shall proceed to protect the in-
terests of the Government in these mines. I de-
sire, in this connection, that the Clerk will read
a letter addressed to niyself from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, which will ex-
plain the object of my resolution.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
General Land Office, vJjiril 18,1884.
Sir : I had yesterday the honor to;recelve your letter of
the 12th instant, ami m ruleri-nce lo the mines of Colorado
and Arizona have to state that the United States in sue-
ceedingfto the sovereignty of the regions of country in
which the inmeaaie situated became invested with a com-
plete mujrrUtary title to &aid mines, and that no act of
Congress lias yet he.en passed alienating or providing fnr
the disposal of any part thereof, or prescribing measures
jhr the tfse ah'1 working of thein ; individuals and com-
panies heretofore or now occupying different mines having
been and being there merely by sufferance, growing out
of the past negative policy respecting them.
This office, unaided by Any in regard to our
mineral -inteietft, hay eoijpoted aii the data vviihm its reach
and presented the same in the annual reports ol 1801-02-8J,
copies herewith. It is in place further to remark that in
order to make our great national mineral estate subservient
to the public interest as a source of revenue, and yet do
no violeuce to diverse, local customs anil usages which
have grown up at different places yielding annually mil-
lions of dollars to capital and individual labor, we have
suggested legislation, as will be seen fiom the reports afore-
said, and a measure looking to such legislation has been
introduced into the House of Representatives a  bill No. 344
"III relation to the inine^ and minerals in the public do-
main."
We have no compilation of the local mining usages pre-
vailing, the matter not having been placed by law under
the management of this office.
With great respect,
M. EDMUNDS, Commissioner.
Hon. Fernando Wood, House of Representatives.
Mr. SHANNON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
in order?
The SPEAKER. There tire twoundebatable
propositions pending. And if the gentleman
objects, further debate will be arrested.
jyir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do object.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD called for the yeas
anti nays on the motion to lay the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was* taken ; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas G3, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Boat-
well, Boyd, Bioomali, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Colo,
Creswell, Dawson, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank,
Garfield, Grinneil, Wall, Harrington, Bigby,Hotchkiss, Ata-
hel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbaid, Julian, Kasson, Kel-
ley, Francis VV. Kellogg,OriandaKellogg, Knapp, Marvin,
McBride, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, MoinN,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myers, Norton, Odd I,
Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Peiham, Pomeroy, Trice, William
H. Randall, John H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Stuart, Thayer. Upcon,
Elifiu B. Washbuine, William B. Washburn, Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, and Wlndom—G3.
NAY S—Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames, Ancona, Au^u^tu:;
C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Jaeob B. Blair, Biandegoe,
Cox, Craven^, Denison,Dixon, Donneliv, Diiirys, Eekley,
Eden, Eldridgc, English, Fini'k, Ganson, Gri s\vold, flolmau,
Jencke.s, Philip Johnson. ICalbflcisch, Keinan, Lazcar,
Long, McAllister, MeDovveil, JYIeKumey, Mnldieton, Wil-
liam H. Miller, Moniaon, Nelson, Samuel J. Randall, Itosb,
Scofield, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Tracy,
Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Winfiuld, and Fernando Wood—49.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr^ ELDRIDGE inquired whether the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was not paired
with Mr. Brown, of Wisconsin.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 did not so understand it.
An uriangement was made in my absence that I
should be paired off, first with a gentleman from
Illinois, which was subsequently transferred to
some gentleman from Wisconsin, but which has
expired to-day, as I understood. However, to
avoid any misapprehension in reference to the
matter, I will withdraw my vote.
Mr. GR1NNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAINE DEFENSES.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Maine, asking the United States Gov-
ernment to provide proper defenses for the north-
east frontier of Maine; and moved that they be
printed and referred to a special committee of
seven.
Mr. COX. I am opposed to raising any more
select committees. Ilus House is full of them
already. I hope the resolutions will be referred
to one of the standing committees of the House.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I trust that my friend
from Ohio will withdraw his objection. These
resolutions refer to a variety of matters; and I
really should not know to what standing commit-
tee to send them.
Mr. COX. There are about twenty special
committees already, and I must object to raising
any more.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. These resolutions pro-
pose to set apart claims of that State for certain
purposes for their relief, one of which the gentle-
man from Ohio knows something about, and it
should go to his committee; another should go to
the Committee of Claims, and a thud to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COX. The suggestion of the gentleman
confirms me in my opinion. One claim con-
nected with that northeast Maine boundary cer-
tainly ought to go to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. That is the only committee which can
properly take cognizance of it.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I certainly have no ob-
jection whatever to its going there.
The vote was taken; and on a division, there
were—ayes 43, noes 23; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers;and appointed
Messrs. Cox, and Rice of Maine.
The House again divided; and the tellers re- ^
ported—ayes 64, noes 28.
So the resolation was referred to a select com-
mittee.
And then, on motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine,
(at half past nine o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  -
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 2G, 18G4.
Prayer by Rev. J. J. Marks.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
The Chief Cle\ik (William Hickey, Esq.)
called the Senate to order and said: The following
letter has been received by the Secretary of the
Senate from the Vice President:
Vice President's Chamber,
Washington, April 25,18C4.
My Dear Sir: 1 expect to be absent from the Senate on
and after to-morrow, and I desire you to communicate the
information to the Senate.
Yoms truly, H. HAMLIN,
Colonel J. W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following resolution:
Rewlved, That in the absence of the Vicc Piesident,
lion. Daniel Cj.ark, of New Hampshire, bo, and he is
hejeby, chosen Pie&ident of the Senate pro tempore.
The resolution was adopted ncm.con.
The Chief Clerk. Hon. Mr. Clark is unan-
imously eiected Presidentpro tempore of the Sen-
ate. Mr. Foot and Mr. Hendricks will b£ pleased
to conduct the President pro tempore to the chair.
Mr. Foot and Mr. Hendricks conducted the
President pro tempore to the chair, and he called
the Senate to order.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the Sccietary wait upon the President of
the United States and infoun him that the Senate, in the
absence of the yiee President, has chosen Hon. Daniel
Ui.ark, of New Hampshire, President of the Senate pro
tempoie; and that lie make a himiiar communication to
the Uou^c of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which wepe heretofore
signed by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentaiives:
A bill (S. No. 130) for a charter of Masonic
Hall Association in Washington city, District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 249) to authorize the issuing of
a register to the steam vessel John Martin; and
A bill (H. R. No. 408) for the relief of post-
masters who have been robbed by confederate
forces or rebel gueriillas.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
religious Society of Friends of New York, pray-
ing that a department for savings may be insti-
tuted in the nature of a savings bank, by which
refugees from slavery, commonly called freed men,
may be enabled under the security of the Gov-
ernment to save their earnings; which was re-
ferred to the committee on slavery andfreedmen.
Mr. RIDDLE presented a memorial of the
Delaware Railroad Company and the New Cas-
tle and Wilmington Railroad Company, remon-
strating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a memorial
of citizens of Lawrence, Kansas, who suffered
by the sacking and burning of that city by Q*uan-
trell's band in August, 1863, praying to be re-
lieved from the payment of the income tax to the
United States Government now standing against
them; which was referred-to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
