1862
TIKE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
debts,or for the recovery of any penalties arising
under the provisions of this act.
All moneys received for the sale of money
orders, including all fees received for selling the
same„all moneys transferred from the funds of the
Post Office Department to the money orderoffices,
all funds transferred or paid from the money order
offces.to the use and service of the Post Office
Department, and,all transfers of funds from one
postttiaster to another for the use of tHe money
order offices, are to be deemed and taken to be
moneys in the Treasury of the United States.
If any postmaster, assistant clerk, or other per-
son employed in or connected with the business
or* operations of the money order offices, shall
convert to,his own use, in any way whatever,
or shall use by way of investment iri any kind
of property or merchandise, or shall loan, with
or without interest, or shall deposit in any bank,
or shall exchange for other funds, any portion
of such moneys, every such act is to be deemed
and adjudged to be an embezzlement of so much
of the moneys as shall be'thus taken, converted,
used, loaned, deposited, or exchanged, which is
declared to be a. felony; and any failure to pay
over or to produce the moneys intrusted to such
person for the use of the money order offices is
to be held and taken to be prima facie evidence of
such embezzlement. Any postmaster, assistant,
clerk, or other person employed in or connected
with the business of the money order offices,
and all other persons advising nr participating in
such act, on being convicted thereof before any
court of the United States of competent jurisdic-
tion, are to be sentenced to imprisonment for a
term of not less than six months nor more than
ten years, and to a fine equal to the amount of
the money embezzled. Upon the trial of any
indictment against any person for embezzling
public money under the provisions of this act, it
is to be prima facie evidence for the purpose of
showing a balance against such person to produce
a transcript from the money order account books
of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department; and such transcript, when certified
by the Auditor under his seal of office, is to be
admitted as evidence in the courts of the United
States.
If any person shall falsely make, forge, coun-
terfeit, engrave, or print, or cause or procure to
be falsely made, forged, counterfeited, engraved,
or printed, or willingly aid or assist in falsely
making, forging, counterfeiting, engraving, or
printing any order in imitation of nr purporting
to be a money order issued by one postmaster
upon another postmaster; or shall falsely alter,
or cause or procure to bsaltered, or willingly aid
or assist in falsely altering, any money order is-
sued as aforesaid; or shall pass, utter, or publish,
or attempt to pass, utter, or publish, as true, any
false, forged, or counterfeited order, purporting
to be a money order, knowing the same to be
falsely forged or counterfeited; or shall pass, ut-
ter, or publish, or attempt to pass, utter, or pub-
lish, as true, any falsely alteied money order,
issued as aforesaid, knowing the same to be falsely
altered, with an intent to defraud, every such per-
son is to be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony,
and being thereof convicted, is to be sentenced to
be imprisoned and kept athaid labor for a period
of not less than three years, nor more than ten
years, and be fined in a sum not exceeding $5,000.
For the purpose of carrying oh the business of
the money order offices, and keepingorid settling
th'*&r accounts, the Postmaster General may ap-
point, in his Department, one superintendent of
the money order system, at an annual salary of )
52,500, and two clerks, to wit: one of class four,
mid one of class three. And the Secretary of the
Treasury may, from time to time, appoint in the
office of the Auditor of the Treasury ior the Post I
Office Department, the necessaiy clerks,m all not j
to exceed six, to wit: one of class four, and five j
of class two. The Postmaster General is further I
authorized to cause such additional clerks to be
employed in the money order offices as he may
find necessary for conducting the operations of
the money order system; but the compensation
of all the clerks authorized by this act is to be
paid out of the revenue accruing from the money
order business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Since this bill has been
reported from the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Ro'add, on fcom'nfunic!iti«« wi*h thfe hend of
the Post Office Department, he desires several
amendments made to it. I have examined them,
and so far as they seem to me to be right 1 desire
to,propose them. In section eight, line fourteen,
after the word " postages," I move to insert the
following words:
And he may require and direct transfers or payments
to be made from the fundc of the Post Office Department
in the hands of any postmaster arising from postages to the
money order offices.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I offer another amend-
ment, to come in as a new section immediately
after the eighth section of the bill:
And be it further enacted, That out of the moneys paid
Into the Treasury for the service of the Po.«t Office Depart-
ment, the Postmaster General shall have power to transfer
to the deputy postmaster of any money order office such
sum as may be required over and above the current reve-
nue thereof, to pay*moncy orders drawn on the latter; and
Mich transfers shall be made by warrant on the Treasury
by the Postmaster General, and countersigned and regis-
tered by the Auditor of the Treasury for the Po>t Ofiice
Depai tment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the sixth line of the
twelfth section before the word "clerks" I move
to strike out two" and to insert" three," so as
to allow three clerks to the superintendent of this
money order system.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. in the next line of the
same section, 1 move to strike oat the word " one"
and insert " two," so as to allow two clerks of
class three instead of one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the eleventh line of the
same section after the word " two,rl move to in-
sert these words:
And to provide tor the compcni-anort of the *-aid super-
intendent and clerks tor the fiscal year ending June 00,
1865, the-Mini of $l7.0UU,or fo much thewsof as maj be ne-
cessary, is heiehy apptopnated out of any moneys m the
Treasury not oiheivvisc appiopnated.
The amendment was agteed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. In line fourteen of the
same section, after the word "system," I move
to insert the words,4< whose compensation shall
he paid out of the proceeds of the money order
business;" so that the clause will read:
And that tiie Postmaster General is further authoi ized to
c.ium; such additional e!erk-> to be employed in the money
ordfr ofliees as he may find necessary foi conduction the
opeiauous of the money older system, wlio^e compeiwt
tion shall be paid out ol the proceeds oi the money oitler
bu^inctof.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. COLLAMER. I have one more amend-
ment to offer. U is to strike out ail of the pro-
viso to the twelfth section after the words iiPro-J
videtl, however," in the fifteenth hue, in the fol-
lowing words:
That the compensation of all the aforesaid eletk-i au-
thorized by this act shall be paid outoi the levenuc acciu-
ing horn the mone> oniei business.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That to meet any deficiency that mavarhe in the amount
of such proceeds duiing the fii«t yeai, the aiim ot 100,000,
or sn much tbeieof as may be nece>sar> , is hereby appro-
punted out of any money in the Treasury not otheivvx&e
appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to t lie Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred tn. The.
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. It was read the
j child time, and passed.
FRANKED MATTER.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to call up Senate
j bill No. 248.
! Mr. HOWE. I desire to ask the Senator from
! Veimont to let the unfinished business of yester-
day come up.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is it?
Mr. HOWE. It is a joint resolution for the
relief of the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not been able yet
sufficiently to acquaint myself with that matter#
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall get the post
offiee bills through this morning, since we have
begun with them.
Mr. COLLAMER. There are only four of
them left, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is b'n thte motion of the Senator t¥b"m Vermont.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. [So.
248) in relation to franked matter was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides thatall^communications
of whatever origin addressed to the chiefs of the
several Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, or to such principal officers of each Execu-
tive Department, being heads of bureaus or chief
clerks, or one duly authorized by the Postmaster
General to frank official matter, shall be received
and conveyed by mail free of postage without be-
ing indorsed " official business."
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to insert at the end
of the bill " or with the nameof the writer." By
the law of last year the Departments had the right
to frank letters, indorsing thereon "official busi-
ness," upon the business of their Depaitments;
but in receiving answers nobody was authorized
to send papers to them without prepaying the
postage, unless certain officials in the Army and
elsewhere, and they were to write " official busi-
ness," and sign their names to that indorsement.
That has turned out to be a very gieat inconven-
ience. This bill provides that all communica-
tions made to the Departments shall have the right
to be franked, and may be received though they
are not indorsed " official business," because the
difficulty that is now created is that the officers
in the Army and elsewhere, not. undeistanding
the law, send their official papers without sign-
ing their names to the indorsement, and often
without the indorsement, and then they go to the
dead letter office, and they have to keep an ac-
count, to charge double postage on those letters
to the proper Department, and keep a cleikto
look it up. It makes so much difficulty that we
think it better to amend the law.
The amendment was agieed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads if he does not propose to put any limit to
the weight of these documents?
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no limit to those
they send out, and we cannot very well put a
limit. They aie on all sorts of business—quar-
terly returns from postmasters, returns n>>in tiie
quai tet mastt;i's d -pai tmeut, &c. We t aw not fix
any particular limit.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire of the ehaii-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads if it would not be well, it H could be do-ie
without detriment to the public seiviee, to put
some limit here; and if he cannot put in a hunt
as to quantity, whether it would not be expedi-
ent to put in a limit as to quality ; that ic>, that tins
frank should cover only official coirespondeuce,
or something of that sort.
Mi. COLLAMER. The trouble is tiuY: as the
law now stands any quaitcimaster making le-
turns in the Army, any official in soridinic letters
to his Department, has to wi He on them " official
business," and sign it. A laige part of them,
who do not understand anything about the Post
Office business, do not understand the necessity
of that indorsement, and if they do they do not
use those words but some others. The effi ct of
it is that these returns, either nor being indorsed
at all or not having the namesof the wniers wnt-
ten on the envelope, pass thiough the post office
and are sent to the dead 1< tter office; and tin ar-
rangement has been made by which the proper
Department sends there and gets them, and is
charged double postage. They are receiving them
by hundreds and thousands. They have to keep
clerks who understand this business to ascertain
and keep the account with the Post Offiee De-
partment, and settle it from month to month,and
charge over to the Government the double post-
age which they pay on the letters which were
sent to them with their official papers in. This
makes a great deal of trouble and takes a great
deal of time, and causes great embarrassment;
arfd there is no security in it, because though a
man has no right to send papers to the heads of
Departments without writing " official business"
and his official signature, yet if any man in the
world wants to send a paper to the head of that
Department that is not on official business he has
but to indorse that on there, and write "John
Smith, captain," or " aid" or " quartermaster."
Nobody else can tell anything about it. it is no
etefcurity to thfe Post Officfe Department} it an-
