THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOI1N 0. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0 
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1864.
New Series No. 52. '
unanimously—by the committee that there is
nothing1 in the charter that authorizes the com-
pany to make any distinction between persons of
any lineage or color.
My friend, the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey,] yesterday submitted a report em-
bodying the opinion of the committee, and I think
1 may say the unanimous opinion of the com-
mittee—atany rate unanimous so far as I know—
to that effect, that there is nothing in the charter
which authonzes any restraint or any restriction
upon any person riding in the cars.
I will say a word further which I ought to say.
Tlvre was some discussion here the other day in
regard to the turning out of the cars of Dr. Au-
gusta. I learn from an investigation I have made
that that occurrencc took place on the Fourteenth
street road, where there were no cars for colored
persons run. Since that time, or since the atten-
tion of the Senate was called to it by the intro-
duction of a resolution by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, cars for the use of colored persons
have been put upon both the Seventh street and
the Fourteenth street roads; and the presidentof
the company tells me that he has put an additional
number upon the Pennsylvania avenue road.
I do not think under the circumstances that it
is worth while to reconsider the vote and return
the consideration of this subject to the Committee
on the Distiictof Columbia; because that com-
mittee hold that every person has a right to ride
in the cars, and that a colored person has the same
remedies open to him for any infringementof his
rights by the company as anybody else.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention of
the chairman of the committee one moment, I
should like to know whether it was the under-
standing of the committee that the ejection of a
colored person from a car was illegal.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understood it.
Mr. SUMNER. That the ejection was illegal?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is the opinion of the
committee, of course there is no occasion for ad-
ditional legislation unless it be that the question
of law has been drawn into doubt. Sometimes,
for instance, we have a declaratory statute where
there has been a doubt thrown upon a legal right.
I fear there has been a doubt thrown upon what
I do not doubt is a legal right in this case. But
if the committee having this matter in charge have
unanimously come to the conclusion that there is
no need of any further legislation in order to pro-
tect whatthey regard asan undoubted legal right, I
am not disposed at the present moment to recom-
mend any further proceeding; but I desire to have
it understood by the railroad company, I desire
that they should take notice that they violate the
law, and that whenever they exclude a coloied
person from any one of their cars they do it in
violation of law. Of course such a railroad cor-
poration cannot be entitled to any favors hereafter
from Congress. If it comes forward for any addi-
tional immunities or privileges, it cannot expect
any grant of them fiom Congress. Would it
entitle itself to any favor here, it must begin by
acknowledging the rights of all persons without
any distinction of color.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt the chair-
man of the committee is right in saying that there
is in the charter no authority to discriminate be-
tween any description ofpersons, the black or the
white; and whatever would be the case in refer-
ence to such a charter in the States where slavery
exists, where to a certain extent the negio is not
upon the same footing with the freeman, it cer-
tainly cannot apply to the District of Columbia,
where by your legislation already passed you
have placed them in all respects upon the same
footing. You have emancipated all those who
were slaves before, and slavery cannot exist in
this District at any time in the future, at any rate
without the consent of Congress. That being
the case, if there is not in the charter an express
authority to discriminate, if the company under-
take to discriminate except for some good cause,
(and you can imagine a good cause why a par-
ticular man should not be permitted to enter the
cars,) they would clearly be responsible. If a
man were in .such a filthy condition that nobody
else could sit in the cars with him, it would be
proper to exclude him, and wecan very well im-
agine that might be true of a white man as well
as a black man, and the right of exclusion would
also apply to a man having a cutaneous disease.
It is absolutely necessary to the safety of the
traveling public that there should be some police
power in oider to protect those who travel in the
cars, because, although lam as willing as the
Senator fiom Massachusetts (and I am sure he
would not be willing to go further than I should
in that particular) to protect this description of
people, I certainly would not place them upon a'
better footing than the white man. All that he
seeks is, and all that as I suppose public opinion
anywhere seeks to accomplish is, to put them
upon equal rights, the enjoymentof all the rights
under the law which the laws may give; but he
would not say that it was not in the power of the
company, without being responsible in actions for
damages, (a question to be passed upon hereafter
if such a case should arise,) to exclude from the
cars any description of person, white or black,
whose presence in the cars would be attended
with inconvenience, or peril to life or to health.
I rose merely for the purpose of saying, Mr.
President, that as I understand the charter, and I
have had occasion to look at it, it contains no
provision at all by which there is in the company
any power to discriminate between these two
classes of people.
Mr. WILLEY. .Perhaps it may be proper that
I should make a remark or two in reference to
the report which is the subject of discussion this
morning, from the fact that I made that report,
and, at the instance of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, examined the statute. On ex-
amination I find what I think every Senator will
find, that there is no distinction whatever, directly
or by implication, against any person on account
of his color; that in this iespect all passengers
stand upon a perfect equality; and that the reme-
dies against the company for any failure to ac-
commodate passengers, or any violation of the
law whatever, are as free and as full and as open
and applicable to persons of color as to any other
persons. It seems to me there can be no dispute
about the proper legal effect of the charter of the
company in this iespect.
The proposition before the committee was to
consider whether it was necessary to make special
provisions for colored persons in order to secure
to them equal privileges with other members of
the community. The law is as open to a colored
person as it is to a white person. So far as that
matter is concerned, all membcis of the commu-
nity stand, as 1 conccive, upon a perfect equality.
I do not suppose that it was the object of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts to make a dis-
tinction in favor of colored persons over white
persons; but any special enactment in regard to
their privileges on this road certainly would be
a distinction against white passengers, while it
would not enlarge under the law, in any respect
whatever, the privileges and remedies of colored
peisons. What, then, is the necessity for any
action on this subject on the part of the Senate or
on the part of Congress? The law is now full
and perfect in all its provisions and adaptations
to secure the coloied pu sons in the enjoyment of
the piivileges of this railroad.
I will sny further, Mr. President, that if the
Senate or the Congress of the United Slates shall
undertake to become the custodians of the rights
and privileges of the citizens of Washington, and
when any of those rights or privileges are with-
held we arc to take the matter in charge and pros-
ecute the lemedies fur all persons who may be
injured, we shall soon have our hands full of busi-
ness, not of a very pleasantcharacter, in my hum-
ble estimation. On the other hand, Congress, has
done all lhat can be done. It has amply pro-
vided by law for the enjoyment of the privileges
of colored persons in a manner and to an extent
equal with that of any other person in the com-
munity. What more can be done ? What more
ought to be done? If they have been aggrieved,
let them apply to the law and let the courts re-
dress their grievances, in the same way that
white persons would be bound to apply to the law
and to the courts for a redress of then*grievances.
This, I think, was the unanimous opinion of
the committee. It certainly was mine,as a mem-
ber of the committee. Under the instructions of
the committee, I drew up the report which was
submitted yesterday, and upon making which the
committee was discharged by vote of the Senate
from any further consideration of the subject.
The committee being of this opinion, it would be
useless to refer the matter back again to them,
unless it is under some positive and direct in-
structions of the Senate, because we believe there
is no distinction whatever against persons of.
color, but that they are free and equal in every
respect in regard to these railroad privileges.
Mr. WILSON. I am very glad to hear the re-
marks made by the Senator from West Virginia.
I think in law lie is right, but in practice it is an
undeniable fact that the spirit of the old law and
the old practices still lingers to some extent here
in the District. I am told by very respectable
men here that it is with the greatest difficulty that
colored men can obtain of the city authorities
licenses to do their business—licenses that are
freely granted to white men. If there is any em-
barrassment of that kind, and the city authoi ities
do not yield to the laws and to justice, I think the
legislation of Congress should force them to do
so. I think they should be made to understand
that there is no inequality in 1'aw in this District,
and that these people have their rights, and that
those rights must be acknowledged, or some-
body will be hurt."
I saw in a paper a day or two ago a statement
that the same officer who was put out of the cars
was turned out of the Supreme Court room in this
Capitol. I should like to ask the Senator from
Iowa, the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, if he has any information of
that kind, why this man was turned out, who
turned him out, and who is responsible for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As this seems to be an
occasion for the expression of private opinion
with reference to this subject, and as other gen-
tlemen have indulged in the expression of their
private opinions, I must take occasion to say that
I most heartily approve of the action of the offi-
cer on board that railroad car. I think he de-
served the thanks of the community. When these
negroes go about sticking their heads into railroad
cats, and among white people, and into the Su-
preme Court room, I think an officcr is perfectly
right in telling them they have no business there;
because it is evident that the reason they do so is
simply to gain notoriety, and to see if they can-
not biing themselves into conflict with the officers
of the railroad cars or the officers of the Supreme
Court.
Now, suppose that this negro was turned out
of the Supreme Court room; what authority is
there m Congress to say, by any legislation of
theirs, that the thing shall notoccurin the future?
That court have control of their own proceedings;
they have jurisdiction over their court room, and
they have a perfect right to say who shall be ad-
mitted m that court room, and who shall not.
1 do not like to indulge so often in remarks of
this kind with reference to this class of people,
but, lest it should be supposed that the opinions
expiessed here meet with universal apptoval, I
feel constrained on all proper occasions to dissent
from them.
Mr. GRIMES. I also saw the statement in the
newspapers to which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has alluded, that a surgeon wearing the
uniform of the United States had been turned out
of the Supremo Court room, and I supposed some
gentleman would put to me this inquiry, as they
did the other day about his being thrown out of
the ears, and I thought I would lake the precau-
tion to inform myself. I therefore wrote a note to
