THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGiE
June 9,
• Mr. WASHBURNE, 6f Illinois.' She was
run ashore
Mr. STEVENS. The evidence- shows that
fill her mail has been recovered. A portion of
these bonds have been presented at theTreasury.
If thefce particular bonds had been taken out
th^re,' tl^ey wtk^fr'of course have been deliv'ered
to the^partner in California. Nowj!tfiere ts no
evident tfcfo'rfe the* House that thc^tf bonds Have
be^n'Ufc&fcroy'ed.* The presumptiorf i«*'that they
were recovered with the other mail. " Xhere is no
evrdeft£4 th&tthe pfertrier in California did not get
them. * 1 think it is proper* therefore! to suspend
the action of the Department untilfuvther evi-
dence be had*, this bill doeiriflthirtg nhore. I
suppose the claimants' of these'bonds will come
hfere ' now atid-aslc the immediate action of-the
Deftitttment, urile'sS Congress shall decide that
119 action shall be taken by the Department until
further evidence is obtain'ed.
Mr. HALE. I will siiy to my colleague from
Pennsylvania that if the bill is postponed until the
meeting of the next session in December, while
of course I cannot control these parties, I aifn quite
confident that they will' no? call for the bonds
iintil that time. They want nothing from the Gov-
ernment that is not right.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt at all that
^the gentleman would attempt to prevent them
from applying at the Department, but there' ie no
law that will prevent their application.
Mt\ HALE. There' is the character of the
parties to prevent it.
Mr. STEVENS. If; however, they should
happen to change their minds,'as men'of charac-
ter sometimes do in this world, they might go to
the Department with their applications notwith-
standing the protest of*the gentleman.
Mr. HALE. 1 submit that' the evidence is suf-
ficient to show tVm't th6ho are men above reproach,
they are honorable men.
- M£. STEVENS. They are honorable men
and I do nht want anything to occur to tarnish
their honor, p do not want to give them an op-
portunity to famish their honor by obtaining
these bonds from the Treasury. [Laughter.]
Mr. PENDLETON. My attention has just
been called to this resolution and to the proofs upon
which it is sustained. I find among the papers
of the case a letter fiom the Register of the Treas-
ury. I have not been able to examine all the
proofs that are here, but'this letter slates thatap-
plication xvns made for bonds to be issued in place
of the lost bonds; but while the application was
E ending in the Department some of these lost
onds were received and redeemed at the Treas-
ury Deprutmcnt.
Mr. H ALE. Not these bonds.
Mr, STEVENS. Bonds (hat Were in the same
mail. ;
Mr. HALE. 'But not these particular bonds.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I nee no harm in
authorising "(he Department to withhold these
bonds (in til it shall be "ascertained whether they
have been recovered or not.
Mr. HALE. 1 have just rood the Icttorofthe
Register of the Treasuiy, in which he says that
he never heard of these particular bonds.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to read the ex-
planationwhieh the RegisterofthcTreasurygives.
Mr. HALE. The letter has already been read
tb the House.
^[r. PENDLETON. Very well. Now, if that
relates' to this'compensation, it is a clear case
that this law on^ht'to be repealed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only wish
to guy a word; 1 think that the passage of the
original proposition for the relief of these parties
reported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Hale J illustt&'tes the consequences of hasty,
ftl-cori-side'ivd, and improvident legislation, and
tirrdfe'ihdl of the circumstances I am somewhat sur-
prised to see thot ho resists the passage of this re-
pealing lajv. The Original law was objected to by
many gentlemen upon the*£round that it was not
sufficiently apparent to the House, by the evidence,
that these bunds Were destroyed, which was said
to be the case, and urged as the reason why the
, law should be adopted. * We were repeatedly told
that these bonds wrie destroyed, that they were
no longei in existence, and. wuuld, therefore,
never a^ain come to light. That was the sole
ground, as 'I understood1; upon which the appli-
cation was made; and one of the parties, whose
respectability has been vouched for, and I'wilhnot
undertake to question it, one of these Messrs.
Wood, made an affidavit, on which this House
aci£d, and in which he swore that the mails of
the GoldenGate had been destroyed by fife. Mr.
Wood mad'e thttt oath,and on that oath came be-
fore Congress,t,and Congress passed the law on
the supposition that-what, he had so solemnly
declared was true*/; He distinctly declared?" that
daid stesLmer, tfith' said mails and pregdn war
bonds on board, sailed from the city of San Fran-
cisco to Manama about the 1st of July* 1862,and
that said steamer,'these mails and 'their contents,
were destroyed byjite oxi the voyage to Manama."
Now, it is not contended by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, or any gentleman here, that
these mail's were destroyed by fire as alleged by
Mr. Wood. It is not denied that they have come
to .light, and that, although these particular bonds
have not been'presented to the Treasury, other
bonds which were sent by that same mail have
been.
.In some remarks which I submitted I used this
language:
" It is alleged, niid peihaps may have been proved, that
these bonds wereloslon the steamer Golden Gute/and now
it i* proposed to i>«uc duplicates of them, with a proviso
that a bond shall t)e taken to hold the Government harm-
J6ss.-
*' There are two reasons why I think this, sort of legi&la-
tfon should not be adopted. In the first place, we are es-
tablishing a piecedent, and no man can tell where it will
end. How many bonds out of the ^'100,000,000 of the na-
tional debt may have been or may bo lost, or may be alleged
to be fObt? if We* pate this bill parties Will come in and,
ou the'allegaumvthat they have lost bonds, ask Congress
to authoiize the issue of new bonds."
In reply to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Asah
lin}.l further suggested that, if there weie to.be
any legislation, there should be a general law in-
troduced; and 1 find by the record tn the Con-
gressional Globe that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr,. Sciiencic] moved that the subject be referred
to-the Committee on the Judiciary, to report some
general provision to cover not only this but all
other like cases.
. The debate proceeded as follows:
•'Mr. VVashdurxe, of Illinois. Let some general law
be passed. But as the matter stands now I am utteiiy op-
posed to having special legislation on the subject. It is
said that these bonds have been lost on boaid the Golden
Gate. I understand tbat divers are at work fishing up valu-
ables from this wreck every day. ft may not be lung be-
tqie the safe m wlucil these bonds were will be found, and
the bonds putonahe maiket.
i'Mr, Hale. These bonds are alt numbered.
« Mr.WASHBURNB, of Illinois. Suppose they are! ffhoy
dan be passed irom hand 10 hand. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania i.mglH purchase one of these .bonds to-mor-
row, and would never think of going to the Tiea^'uiy ioke«
whether there was nor a duplicate of it issued.
<fMr. rfcitENGK. Are these coupon hondrf transferable
by deiivciy, 01 ar.e they reginoied bonds-? They may be
good in 1 ho hands of the holder without any assignment or
imioiMsmcni.
" Without inquiring, however, further into the case, I
move that the' bill bo retired to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I-think it proper, as the gentleman .from Illinois'
[Air. Wasiibcrne] has buggered, that, if any piuvisum
should be mad'c in regard to this case, *ome geueial'lavV
hbould be framed in reference to bonds alleged to have been
lost. If there be any legislation needed it ought to be geil-
ernlj covering tbo whole subject."
1 have no doubt that these bonds to-day have
been recovered, and thrown upon the market.
And will genrlemen pretend that the Government
is to be an iribuier for evei y man who puts bonds
m the mails, and they fail to reach their destina-
tion ? Are we to indemnify every man who goftU'S
here and shows that to be the case? Yet that is
the case now presented to this House.
The, gentleman from New York [Mn. Davis]
was almost prophetic in what,he said during the
previous discussion. He said that he was op-
posed to this kind of legislation; that he distrusted
all such cases, and referred to the case of an ex-
press company which was sued for gold thafrwtts
conclusively proved to have been lost. I will quote
his words:
"Mr. Davis, of New York I do not know this special
ease, and I only look to the prineiplo involved. I think.it
un afe lor the Government to legislate for the-security of
these parties* Without knowing ail of the (Acts. J know
nothing of these parties but t <io know if we establish this
sou ot legislation we will have a good many eases of the
same character before us. When it comes to be known
that such chums are allowed, men will lay their plans for
the purpose of committing great frauds upon the Govern-
ment and the public Treasmy. I have 111 my'mind an ac-
tion biought against an insurance company m New Yoik
for the recovery of insured specie lo t coming from Sarr
Fiancisco. That company ies.is.ted the ci^im, because they
behoved the claim wa?> tounded on fraud, though the loss
was established by atlidavit after affidavit of person* be-
longing to the vessel. Pending the investigation the insur-
ance company took tbe precaution of sending down and
finding the sunken vessel.' On reaching the hold and bring-
ing up the boxes $aid to contain gold, they found nothing
butoJd rusty iron nails. Jf we act upon thcxprinciple of
allowing men to receive ,fl*y Upon bouch which they pre-
tend to have lost, and whieb, tb'ey niay in this way prove
io halve been Ibfct, we will 'expose this Government to great
depredations. I protest «igajlist such action."
This ca£e has' fully proved the tfuth of wh&t
the gentleman from N"ew York thcrTsaid. This
bill was passed under the circumstances which;!
have recounted. Itwas putupon thegrotindtha't
these bonds were destroyed by'fire. -Mr. Wood
swore that they.were destroyed by fire. It now
turns out that this mail was not destroyed by fire,
as bonds which were sent in it have been pre-
sented at the Treasury. , ■
The1 Secretary of the Treasury in the cx'erclse
of {X just vigilance ascertained that fact, and the
Register of the Treasury wrote the Letter which
has been1 read at the Clerk's desk, and which was
transmitted by the Secretary of the'Treasury to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways arid
Means, rind the Committee of Ways and Mean's
very properly reported this bill. I do not see,
under the circumstances, how any gentleman can
re-fuse to vote for this resolution, and I should
think that the committeeVhich reported the bill
would be the very first, when they ascertained the
circumstances, to come in and ask that the bill
might be repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Illinois
will allow me, to make an inquiry. I infer from
the letter of the Register of the Treasury that the
practice-of the Department is to issue duplicates
where the proof is conclusive that an instrument
has been lost, as he simply states that the appli-
cation for this particular duplicate was suspended
until the fact was established that the bonds were
lost. If that be so there was no necessity for the
passage of this bill in the first instance, and the
repeal of it can do no possible harm.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
call the attention of the House for a moment to a
portion of the letter of the Register. lie says:
" This Department, has already paid a considerable num-
ber of Oregon bonds which were sent in the -aiiic mail and
in the same steamer, and the evidence is on file in this
buieau which establishes buyond question the fact that said
mail has been recovered. I think there can be no doubt
that the original bonds are still in existence and outstand-
ing obligations against the Government."
That is what the officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment says. He has no doubt from the evidence
they have upon their files that these bonds are
outstanding obligations against the Government.
And now a word in relation to the manner in
which these bonds were made negotiable, whether
by indorsement or without indorsement from
hand to hand. I have looked through all the
papers and I cannot find it stated anywhere .that
they were specially indorsed. It seems to me
that if such were the fact—a fact so important to
these partics~ihey would not have failed to show
it. I think, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
suggested, that these bonds are generally issued-
to bearer, or to a particular palrty who indorses
them, and that then they pass from hand to hand.
That is the case with many bonds issued by our
Government.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The point of inquiry was
this: givmgfull effect to the statement of the Re-
gister of the Treasury as to the suspension of the
application to issue duplicates until the fact of
loss could be fully ascertained, suppose the proof
is that the bonds were lost, is it not the practice
of the Treasury Department to issue duplicates?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know. I think the Department ought to have
no power to issue duplicate bonds unless specially
authorized by Congress.
Mr, STEVENS. When the Committee Of
Ways and Means had the question b'cfor.e' them
in regard to notes proved to have been lost, th^y'
inquired into it, pnd they found that Unless there
was an act passed, the Department did not take
it upon themselves tosupplyduplicatc's. My col-
league on the committee [Mr. Pendleton] pre-
pared a general law upon the subject which we
expectcd to pass, but did not. 1 call upon my
colleague to know whether it is not so.
Mr. PENDLETCXN. The committee chd pre-
pare a general law, and thereason why it was.not
offered was that it was not in'order to offel a gen-
eral law as a substitute" for a special bill. But I
