mm
TOT-CONGRESSIONAL CrLOBE
April 26,
that'he will not have time ,t|> examine-this report
between to-day and to-morrow, if he asks a later
<J§.y in thjs week, I cannot object-to that.
Tbfi remark that we are pressing this measure
so a  reasonably- and justly to excite suspicion
in his wind or the mind of any Senator, 1 think
is unauthorized. There is certainly no disposi-
tion to press it Until Senators have an opportu-
nity to examine the measure. If time is wanted
that &;one, thing; but 1 ask on the other hand
tfjose who say, they are willing fo consider it at
all, that they will secure us some time when we
can consider it, and wiion the Senator from In-
diana can be hero to consider it with us. If the
Senator from Maine will allow it to be set down
for-Thursday or Friday of this week, I shall be
content with that.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. There is already a special
order for each of those days.
Mr; HOWE. I understand so, and that drives
us to set it down for the morning hour. The
Senator from Vermont objects to that. I cannot
understand liow the morning business is preju-
diced any more by having a particular measure
considered in the morning hour upon a special
order than it is by having it considered without a
special oilier. If this is unimportant business,
then it belongs to the morning hour; and how is
tho business of the morning hour prejudiced by
making it a special order within the morning
hour? I will move, if I have the right to modify
my motion, that this joint resolution be assigned
for Thursday, at half past twelveo'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin modifies his motion so far as to
make the joint resolution the special order for
Thursday, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
which takes precedence—I should like to have
that settled—the unfinished business of yester-
day or the Special order for to-day for a particular
hour when the hour arrives.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business, by the rules, takes precedence.
Mr. CONNESS. I join the Senator from Ver-
mont in objecting to encroachment on the morn-
ing hour by making special orders. It is I he only
time within which we may take up bills on mo-
tion affecting our States. I will remind the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that there are two or three
bills lying on the table in regard to my State,
deeply interesting to us, that we occupy but a
very little time of the Senate, and that if the morn-
ing hour be encroached upon or the precedent be
established of doing so by making special orders
within it, we shall go on and thus occupy that
hour within which only we may call up bills af-
fecting our States. 1 hope that if the Senators
from Wisconsin desire to make this question a
special order, they will fix it for some day at one
o'clock, and not encroach upon the morning hour.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The proposition in which
the Senators from Wisconsin feel some interest
is before the Senate, having precedence over all
other business, because it was taken up yester-
day, and comes up this morning as the unfin-
ished, business having precedence; but we do not
desire to put ourselves in a position of being an-
tagonized with the great measure of the session
of which the honorable Senator from Maine has
charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Or the honorable Senator
from Ohio from the same committee. I identify
the two gentlemen together. I look first to the
right and then to the left. I regard them as about
the same thing, having charge of the financial af-
fairs of the Government, and I desire to give way
always when they say they need the floor.
I would not say a single word now except that
I desire to accommodate this measure to the wishes
of my honorable friend from Maine, to fix it for
some time, I do not care when it is, when he will
be prepared to give his attention to it and say
■whether it is right or not, for if it is not right I
do not ask it; but I think my honorable friend
lias fallen into the mistake of believing that the
controveisy m this case has existed between the
State of Wisconsin and the Federal Government.
Not at all. Dpon the law as it stands, the five
per cent, which Wisconsin claims is just as clear
asanythingcanbe made by tire law; but the real
  controversy has been in the State of Wisconsin,
growing up between-a company which undertook
to build a certain canal and the State of Wis-
consin, the canal not being built; the question
being between that incorporation there and the
State of Wisconsin, not between the State of
Wisconsin and the United States; and when the
State of Wisconsin has asked the Government
to pay over the five per cent., this corporation
has appeared here in Congress and objected to
any action by Congress, and stood in our way
and prevented anything ever being done. That
is the truth about it. But I understand that now,
by the resolution which has been reported by the
Committee on Claims, this thing has been put in
such a shape as to be entirely satisfactory, to end
the controversy in the State of Wisconsin be-
Uveen the State and the company, and leave us
open to a fair settlement with the Secretary of the
Interior. I suppose that is the whole of it.
I do not suppose really it will take half an hour
of the time of the Senate to understand the ques-
tion fully whenever they can give their attention
to it. I understand the honorable Senator from
Indiana has examined the question thoroughly,
and is prepared to give his attention to it. The
reason why the Senators from Wisconsin have
desired to fix the day is that we can fix such a
day as will enable the Senator from Indiana to
give his views on this question, because we are
informed by him that after this week he is neces-
sarily compelled to be absent.
To accommodate these two things, to accom-
modate the Senator from Maine, so that he can
fully understand this question, and to accommo-
date the Senator from Indiana, I, for one, desire
to leave this question entirely to the decision of
the Senate to say when shall the time be fixed.
We are perfectly willing to take it up now; but
my honorable friend from Maine is not prepared
now to go into an examination of the question,
and he has got another great measure in hand,
and therefore, we do notdesire to antagonize with
that. We are perfectly willing to take it up to-
morrow or the next day, or any other day this
week. Half an hour's time of the Senate, I
doubt not, will satisfy all Senators that the claim
of the State of Wisconsin, as far as this Govern-
ment is concerned, is right.
I have nothing further to say on this matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. *1 do not desire the honor-
able Senator from Maine to understand that I wish
to press this question with any indecent haste. It
is like any other measure that it was my duty as
a member of the Committee on Chums to exam-
ine. I did examine it, it having been assigned to
me by the chairman of that committee for inves-
tigation; and having investigated it, 1 presented
my views to the committee, and they directed me
to report them to the Senate as I presented them
to the committee. It is now before the Senate.
The Senator from Maine, I desire to say, is also
very much mistaken about the amount that is in-
volved. I have a communication from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, who says
that upon the adjustment of the accounts of the
State of Wisconsin of her five per cent, on the
pioceeds of the sales of the public lands up to 18GI,
there was due to her $£49,768 70. Since that
time there has been adjusted for the year 1862,
$370 41, making up to the close of the year 1862
due upon the adjustment to the State of Wiscon-
sin $250,139 11.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I only spoke from hear-
say, and when I said it was half a million, the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin said " more."
Mr. 1-3 OWE. "Less."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Senator
to say" more,55 and others near me so understood
him.
Mr. HOWE. 1 said " less," and 1 repeated
it twice.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment to the
joint resolution which the committee has pre-
sented to the Senate proposes to charge the State
of Wisconsin, as against this, with one hundred
and twenty-five thousand acres of land, §1 25 an
acre, giving her certain credits, so that I presume
the amount that will be paid out of the Treasury
will be less than two handled thousand dollars.
In reply to the Senator's intimation that this is
a very old claim, I desire to say that the reason
it is an old claim is that there was a matter m dis-
pute between the State and the canal company,
as has been suggested by the Senator from Wis-
consin, which could not be settled. It was im-
possible to settle it at the Department, because
the Department had not the proper authority of
law to make the settlement, as the Secretary of the
Interior in 1862 said, and that the subject ought
to be properly brought before Congress for its
consideration. The view taken by the State of
Wisconsin, and by her Senators in this body, is
sustained, as I am prepared to show, by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in a letter
addressed by him to the Secretary of the Interior
in 1862. 1 have thought that what was pledged
to the State of Wisconsin in 1848 upon her ad-
mission into the Union ought to be considered.
It is not like an ordinary private claim. It is
based on the assurance of tins Government to the
State of Wisconsin that she should have her five
per cent. This bill is merely to remove the trou-
bles that are in the way of the adjustment of the
accounts in the Department.
I do not want the bill to be set down to suit my
convenience at all. I am compelled to be away
next week on account of professional engage-
mentSjwhichl cannot neglect, but I cxpect to be
back within a reasonable time, within a few days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that all I
desire is time to examine the question before it
shall be acted upon; and certainly I do not think
that is asking too much, engaged as I am, arfti
never knowing until yesterday that there was any
such report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish the Sena-
tor from Maine to understand that I object to that
at all. I claim that for myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My time is so occupied
that I cannot mention any particular time when
this bill may be taken up; but i will say this to
Senators, 1 will examine it just as soon as I can
and give them notice when I am ready.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps by Thursday
next the Senator may be ready to consider this
resolution, so that we may be able to dispose of
it this week. If the' passngo of the resolution
through this body shall be delayed for two or
three weeks, the chances are very much against
its passage in the House of Representatives, be-
cause most Senators are aware of the manner in
which business is piled up toward the close of a
session in that House.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin, that with the explanations that have
been made and the preparation that will be made
to consider this subject, it would be better not to
make this resolution a special order in the morn-
ing hour, but to call it up in the morninghour on
some future day that will be convenient to Sena-
tors.
Mr. HOWE. I am going to accept that sug-
gestion, and with the promise made by the Sena-
tor from Maine, that he will look iitto the matter
at his earliest convenience 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; I am'not dis-
posed to delay it at all.
Mr. HOWE. I am disposed to accommodate
myself to the opinions of the Senator from Maine,
the Senator from California, and the Senator from
Ohio, and I will give way to the Senator fiom
Ohio to take up another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that this resolu-
tion be postponed 6r laid on the table with aview
to take up the special order of the day, the bank
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Ohio that the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution now before the
Senate be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was ugieed to. •
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill rind joint resolution; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 426) to create an additional super-
vising inspector of steamboats and two local in-
spectors of steamboats for the eollec'tion district
of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local inspectors
for the collection district of Oregon, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (No. 67) to increase tempo-
rarily the duties on imports.
BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
