236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38th Cong.... 1st
Laws of the United States.
■within signal distance of the vessel or vessels
making the capture, under such circumstances
and in such condition as to bo able to render effect-
ive aid if required, shall share in the prize; and
in case of vessels not of the Navy, none shall be
entitled to share except the vessel or vessels mak-
ing the capture, in which term shall be included
vessels preset) t at the capture and rendering actual
assistance in the capture. All prize money ad-
judged to the captors shall be distributed in the
following proportions, namely:
First. To the commanding officer of a fleet or
squadron, one .twentieth part of all prize money
awarded to any vessel or vessels under his imme-
diate command.
Second. To the commanding-officer ofa division
,of a fleet or squadron, on duty under the orders
of the commander-in-chief of such fleet or squad-
ron , a sum equal to one fiftieth part of any prize
money awarded to a vessel of such division for a
capture made while under his command, the said
fiftieth part to be deducted from the moiety due
to the United States, if there be such moiety,
otherwise from the amount awarded to the cap-
tors: Provided, That such fiftieth part shall not
be in addition to any share which may be doe to
the commander of the division, and which he
may elect to receive, as commander of a single
ship making or assisting in the capture.
■ Third. To thefleet captain,onehundredth part
of all prize money awarded to any vessel or ves-
sels of the fleet or squadron in which he is serv-
ing, except m a case where the capture is made
by the vessel on board of which he is serving at
the time of such capture^ and in such case he shall
share, in proportion to his pay, with the other
officers and men on board such vessel, as is here-
inafter provided.
Fourth. To the commander of a single ship,
one tenth part of all the prize money awarded to
the ship under his command, if such ship at the
time of the capture was under the commaifd of
the commanding officer of a fleet or squadron, or
a division, and three twentieths if his ship was
acting independently of such superior officer.
Fifth. After the foregoing deductions, the resi-
due shall be distributed ami proporti«ned among
all others doing duty on board, (including the
fleet captain,) and borne upon the books of the
ship, m proportion to their respective ratesof pay
in the service.
No commanding officer of a fleet or squadron
shall be entitled to receive any share of prizes
captured hy any vessel or vessels not under his
command, nor of such prizes as may have been
captured by any ships or vessels intended to be
placed under his command, before they have
acted under jus orders. Nor shall the command-
ing officer of ft fleet or squadron, leaving the sta-
tion where he had command, have any share in
the prizes taken by ships left on such station after
$ he has gone outof thelimitsofhissaid command,
nor after he has transferred his command to his
successor. No officer or other person who shall
have been temporarily absent on duty from a ves-
sel on the books of which he continued to be
boi'no, while so absent, shall bedeprived,in con-
sequence of such absence, of any prize money to
which he would otherwise be entitled. And he
shall continue to share in the captures of the ves-
sels to which he is attached until regularly dis-
charged therefrom.
Sec. 11. Jlndbe it further enacted,That a bounty
shall be paid by the United States foreach person
on board any ship or vessel-of-war belonging to
an enemy at the commencement of an engage-
ment, which shall besunk or otherwise destroyed
in such engagement by any ship or vessel be-
longing to tiic United States, or which it may be
necessary to destroy in consequence of injuries
sustained in action, of one hundred dollars, if the
enemy's vessel was of inferior force, and of two
hundred dollars, if of equal or superior force, to
be divided among the officers and crew in the
same manner as prize money; and when the actual
number of men on board any such vessel cannot
be satisfactorily ascertained, it shall be estimated
according to the complement allowed to vessels
, of its class in the .Navy of the United States; and
•■there sbnll be paid as bounty to the captors of any
vessel-of-war citptuied from an enemy, wlucil
they may be instructed to destroy, or wluch shall
be immediately destroyed for the public interest,
but not in consequence of injuries received in
action, fifty dollars for every person who shall
be on board at the time of such capture. All ran-
som money, salvage, bounty, or proceeds of con-
demned property, accruing or awarded to any
vessel of the Navy, shall be distributed and paid
to the officers and men entitled thereto in the same
manner as prize money, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
assignment of prize or bounty money, or wages,
due to persons enlisted in the naval service, and
all powers of attorney or othcrauthority to draw,
receipt for, or transfer the same, shall be void,
unless the same be attested by the captain, or
other commanding officer, and the paymaster;
and in case of any assignment of wages, the same
shall specify the precise time when they com-
mence. But the commanding officer of every
vessel is required to discourage his crew from
selling any part of their prize money or wages,
and never to attest any power of attorney until
he is satisfied that the same is notgianted in con-
sideration of money given for the purchase of
prize money or wages. •
Sec. 13. Jlndbeit further enacted, That appeals
from the district courts of the United States in
prize causes shall be directly to the Supreme
Court, and shall be made within thirty days of
the rendering of the decree appealed from, unless
the court shall previously have extended the time,
for cause shown in the particular case, and the
Supreme Courtshallal ways be open for the entry
of such appeals. Such appeals may be claimed
whenever the umountiti controversy exceeds two
thousand dollars, and in other cases, on the cer-
tificate of the district judge that the adjudication
involves a question of general importance. Not-
withstanding such appeal, the district court may
moke and execute all necessary orders for the
custody and disposal of the prize property; and
in case of appeal from a decree of condemnation,
may still proceed to make a decree of distribution
so far as to determine what share of the prize
shall go to the captors, and what vessels are enti-
tled to participate therein. Any prize cause now
pending in any circuit court shall, on the appli-
cation ofall partiesin interest, who haveappeared
in the cause, be transferred by that court to the
Supreme Court; and such transfer may be made,
in the discretion of the court, and on such terms
as it may direct, on the application of any party:
Provided, That if the amount in controversy does
not exceed two thousand dollars, such transfer
shall not be made unless the court shall certify
that-the adjudication involves a question of gen-
eral importance. All appeals to the Supreme
Court from the ciicuit court in prize causes, now
remaining therein, shall be claimed and allowed
in the same manner as in cuscs ofuppcal from the
district court to the Supreme Court, in any case
of appeal or transfer the court below, or the ap-
pellate court, may order any original document
or other evidence to be sent up, in addition to the
copy of the record, or in lieu of a copy of a part
thereof.
Sec. 14. Jlnd beitfarther enacted, That all costs
and all expenses incident to the bringing in, cus-
tody, preservation, insurance,'sale, or other dis-
posal of pyze propel ty, when allowed by the
court, shall be a charge upon the same, and be
'paid therefrom, unless the courtshall decree resti-
tution free from such charge. No payments shall
be made from any prize fund, exrppt upon the
order of the court. All charges for work and
labor, materials furnished, or money paid, shall
be supported by affidavit or vouchers. The court
may, at any time, order the payment, from the
deposit made with the assistant treasurer in the
cause, of any costs or ciiarges accrued and al-
lowed. When the cause is finally disposed of,
the court shall nmke its order or orders on the
assistant treasurer to pay the costs and charges
allowed and unpaid; and in case the final decree
shall be for restitution, or in ease there shall be
no money subject to the order of the court in the
cause, any costs or charges allowed by the court,
and not paid by the claimants, shall be a charge '
upon, and be paid out of, the fund for defraying
the expenses of suits in which the United States
i*j a party or interested.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That thecourt
may require any party,at any «tageof the cause,
and on claiming an appeal, to give security for
costs.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the net
amount decreed for distribution to the United
States, or to vessels of the Navy, shall be ordered
by the court to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States, to be distributed according to the
decree of the court. And the Treasury Depart-
ment shall credit the Navy Department with each
amount received to be distributed to vessels of the
Navy; and the persons entitled to share therein
shall be severally credited in their accounts with -
the Navy Department with the amounts to which
they are respectively entitled. In case of vessels
not of the Navy, the distribution shall be made
by the court to the several parties entitled thereto,
and the amounts decreed to them shall be divided
between the owners and the ship's company, ac-
cording to any written agreement between them,
and in the absence of such agreement, one half
to the owners and one half to the ship's company,
according to their respective rates of pay on board;
and the court may appoint a commissioner to
make such distribution, subject to the control of
the court, who shall make due return of his doings,
with proof of actual payments by him,and who
shall receive no other compensation, directly or
indirectly, than such as shall be allowed him by
the court: Provided, That in case of vessels not
of the Navy, but controlled by any Department
of the Government, the whole amount decreed to
the captors shall be divided among the ship's
company.
Sec. 17. Jlndbe it further enacted, That theclerk
of each district court shall render to the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of the Navy
a semi-annual statement, beginning with the first
day of July next, of all the sums allowed by the
court and ordered to be paid, within the previous
half year, to the district attorney and prize com-
missioners for services, and to marshals for fees
and commissions; and he shall, in all prize causes
in the district, for the purpose of the final decree
of distribution, ascertain and keep an accountof
the amount deposited with the assistant treas-
urer, subject to the order of the court, in each
prize cause, and the amounts ordered to be paid
therefrom as costs and charges, and the residue
for distribution; and shall send copies of all final
decrees of distribution to the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Secretary of the Navy; and
shall draw the orders of the court for thepayment
of all costs and allowances, and for the distribu-
tion of the residue. And for the said services he
shall be entitled to receive the sum of twenty-five
dollars in each prize cause, which shall be in full
for the services required by this section.
Sec. 18. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
marshal shall be allowed his actual and necessary
expenses, for the custody, care, preservation, in-
surance, sale, or other disposal of the prize prop-
erty, and for executing any order of the court
respecting the same, and shjill have a commission
of one quarter of one per centum on vessels, and
of one half of one per centum on all other prize
property, calculated on the gross proceeds of each
sale; and if, after he shall have had any prize
property in his custody, and shall have actually
performed labor and incurred responsibility for
the care and preservation thereof, the same shall
be taken by the United States for its own use
without a sale, or if it shall be delivered on stip-
ulation to the claimants, he shall, in case the same
shall be condemned, be entitled to one half the
above commissions on the amount deposited by
the United States to the order of the courts, or
collected upon the stipulation. No charges of the
marshal for expenses or disbursements shall bo
allowed, except upon his oath that the same have
been actually and necessarily incurred for the
purpose stated.
Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatneither
the marshal nor the clerk shall be permitted to
retain for all official services, of every kind, ex-
cepting those in prize causes, more than the max-
imum compensation allowed to be retained by
him by the third section of the act of the twenty-
sixth of February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three; nor shall the additional compensation
which either of said officers shall be permitted to
