1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ored men, if they were inhabitants of their States
at the time they volunteered, and had been resi-
dent theie for six months, and had not been sent
for and brought in from other States, shall be
counted and they shall receive the same bounties
as white people. That isall there is of my prop-
osition; and 1 can see no reason why it should
not apply. Whether it would by possibility ex-
tend over some of the ground covered by the
twenty-sixth section of the enlistment act I can-
not say; but my impression is that it would not.
Mr. SUMNER. So far as I understand the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont, 1 am
in favor of it. I believe I am right in saying it
is a proposition on a general bill to provide for a
spccial class of cases, and the Senator from Ver-
mont, in explaining it, told us what first induced
him to think that this special class of cases ought
to be provided for. It was a hardship occurring
in his own State with reference to certain persons
enlisted there; and he was so much^impressed
with that hardship occurring in his own State that
he thought he couid not go back to his people again
without making an effort to see that hardship re-
dressed; and he proposes to redress it on this gen-
eral bill. 1 am in favor of redressing it even on
this general bill; but I cannot forget that only the
other day, when a case of much greater hardship,
striking not into one State but into several States,
and indeed all over the country, was proposed to
be redressed on this very bill, Senators on this
floor objected to it, not because it ought not to be
redressed, but because it should not be redressed
on this bill; and, if I am not mistaken, the Sen-
ator from Vermont himself made that very ob-
jection.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand the case
to which the gentleman now alludes, 1 think he
made it very clear that the enlistment papers un-
der which the men had been mustered into the
service showed distinctly under what law they
had been mustered in. 1 at that time insisted that
it needed no law to redress that grievance; thatif
the enlistment papers signed by the men described
the time of service and the nature of the pay, and
Government mustered them in, they must pay
the sum named in the enlistment paper. It will
not do for the Government to say to an officer,
"You haveenlisted these men undersuch and such
conditions, and have put them into their articles;
you had no right to do that in relation to colored
troops." What then? Dismiss them. They
did not do that. They said, "You had no right
to enlist them in the way you did; but we will
muster them in; and yet we will not pay the sum
agreed upon." That is the way I understood that
case, and understanding it in that way, I said and
believed that we should call on the Government
to fulfill that written contract, and if it should be
refused by the Government on proper attention
being called to it by the proper auditing officer,
then would be the time to pass a law to carry it
into effect more specifically. That is the view I
had of that case; but as I understand this case,
there is ho such condition of enlistment.
Mr. SUMNER. The difference between the
two cases is that the first was stronger than the
second case. The Senator has stated his position
now preciselyas he stated it the other day. He
did say that in point of law on the statement
made m the Senate the Government was bound
to pay those colored troops. I never doubted that
in point of law they were bound to pay those col-
ored troops. But, sir, neither the Senator nor
myself, nor the Senate alone, ha.5? the construction
of the public statutes or the disposition of the
public moneys. The construction of the statutes
depends upon other officers of the Government.
The disposition of the public moneys depends also
upon other officers of the Government. The
statute, by the officer who has been consulted,
has been construed differently, and the officers of
the Government who have the disposition of the
public moneys have refused to pay those colored
troops what I have no doubt in point of law they
are fully entitled to; and that brings me to the
precise point that their case was one of unques-
tionable hardship. They had, as the Senator
from Vermont so ably put it, by the very terms
of their enlistment entitled themselves to the full
wa<;es ofthii teen dollars a month; but those wages
have been refused; and now the question is, how
shall they obtain their wages?
The Senator says they should look to the Gov-
ernmentfor the pay,which belongs to them. But
they hove looked to the Government, and in vain.
What then is left for them? To look to Congress,
which after all is the great power in this country,
the great regulator, the power which where one
branch of the Government fails is to remedy the
dcfcct. They have looked to Congress. The
subject has been debated again and again day by
day; and when I had the honorof presenting itthe
last time—and this brings me now to the precise
point to-day—it was opposed by Senators, not on
the ground that the claim was not a good one,
but that it should not be put on this bill.
If that objection was valid against the claim to
which I refer, it is valid against the claim now
presented by the Senator from Vermont. I do
riot think it is valid in either case. I believe that
if any persons have enlisted in the national ser-
vice and through any ambiguity of legislation
or any misinterpretation of that legislation their
rights have been drawn into question, it belongs
to Congress as the conservator, as the guardian
of the rights of every citizen, to see that they have
the proper remedy, and Congress ought to go
forward swiftly to see that they have the proper
remedy especially in a case where men have al-
ready hazarded their lives and shed their blood
for their country.
Feeling therefore, sir, that the two cases are
entirely parallel, with this difference, that the case
which I presented on a former occasion is much
stronger than the case which is now presented by
the Senator from Vermont, I propose an amend-
ment to his proposition, as follows:
Provided aho, That all persons whose papers of enlist-
ment shall s-ho\v that they vveie enlisted under the act of
Congress of July, 186], shall receive ftom the time of their
enlistment the pay pioiniscd by thatstatute.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I shall vote forthe
amendment moved by my colleague. The propo-
sition, I think, must strike every one aseminently
right and just in itself, and particularly after the
explanation made by my colleague. It is simply
a proposition to pay what, upon any fair inter-
pietation, had been promised to bo paid, and
which m the exercise of fair dealing and good faith
we cannot refuse to pay.
After the call of last October for tin ee hundred
thousand more troops, and with the view probably
to facilitate the raising of the required number of
men, and if possible to avoid the necessity of a
fui ther diaft, it was deemed expedient by the War
Department to offer a bounty of $300 each for new
recruits to all who, within a prescribed period of
time, voluntarily enlisted in the military service
of the country for thiee years- that is to say, this
bounty was to be paid to all able-bodied male
citizens or persons of proper age who should so
enlist; or, in other words, to all accepted volun-
teers* This is simply a proposition to icdeem that
promise—a promise published and proclaimed
everywhere throughout the country; in every
nook and corner of the country; at the threshold
of every hamlet in thecountiy—apronuseevery-
wliere and by everybody understood as applying
to and embiacing ail accepted \ olunteers, with-
out exception of class or color—a promise every-
where and by everybody so interpreted and so
relied upon, and so acted upon. Now the question
is, shall we not redeem that promise?
Under that call and under this offer of bounties
the Government have invited and have accepted
the voluntary services of men of colort as volun-
teers, and have sent them to the field to aid in the
suppression of this rebellion. I submit that any
disciimination between these and other soldieis
of the Union; between these and other volunteers
enlisting under the same circumstances, at the
same time, and under the same offer; any dis-
crimination between them in rc-spect to the pay-
ment of this bounty—paying it to one class and
withholding it from the other—is alike invidious
and unjust, and, I may add, in direct violation of
the spirit and meaning of the offer which had been
held out to them.
In my own State, as in many of the northern
States, these peisons of coloi are citizens, itcog-
nized as citizens, enjoy the civil rights and priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens; are subject and
amenable to the laws as citizens; exercise the elect-
ive franchise, do military duty, are liable to en-
rollment and draft, and constitute a pait of the
State militia as citizens. In short, they owe al-
legiance to the Government, and, in turn, the Gov-
ernment owes protection to them, as citizens. ^
when the Government calls for volunteers, when
it offers bounties to volunteers, it is understood
that the call and the offer have reference to and
embrace all able-bodied male citizens or persons
of suitable age actually enrolled and subject to
draft, including black as well as white citizens.
So everybody understands it The Government
has, indeed, been liberal and generous and even
bountiful to those who have volunteered in its ser-
vice in its defense; and it has deemed it expedient
to hold outstrong pecuniary inducements for vol-
untary enlistments, and to offer liberal bounties for
volunteers, in order, as I have before remarked, to
secure, as soon as practicable, the requisite num-
ber, under the call of last October for three hun-
dred thousand men. Under this call, and under
these inducements so held out, many colored per-
sons, black wen., if you please, yet strong and able-
bodied men, brave and patriotic men withal, have
volunteered, have been accepted, have been mus-
tered into the service of the Government, and have
actually been sent to the field. They expected,
as they had every reason to expect, to receive the
bounty offered by the Government to volunteers.
They had no reason to suppose or to apprehend
that they were not included within this offer.
They certainly come within the literal terms of
the order. There is nothing in the terms or in the
language of the order making the offer of these
bounties which indicated thatany discrimination
was to be made, nothing which indicated that this
bounty was to be paid to the one class and not
to the other, nothing which indicated that this -
bounty was to be paid to volunteers of.light com-
plexion only, and not to volunteers of dark com-
plexion as well!
These men, Mr. President, entered the service
in full faith and reliance on the promise of the
Government in this regard—on its faithful fulfill-
ment—and that they would receive the proffered
bounty; and this was the general, I will say the
universal expectation. Nobody entertained any
other idea than that this bounty was to be paid to all
accepted volunteers alike. If it had not been so in-
tended,if it was not intended to include this class
of persons, if it was intended tlmt there should
be any discrimination in favor of one class and
against the other, it should have been so ex-
pressed, so that nobody should be deceived or
misled by it. These persons should have "been
notified in some form, or at least had some means
of information, that the order for the paynientof
this bounty did not mean exactly what it said;
that it did not mean to include them; that it was
not designed to extend the bounty to them, volun-
teers though they were. Common justice and
fairness would seem at least to have required thus
much. As it is, and if they are not to be paid
this bounty, they have a right to complain, they
have good cause to complain that they have not
been fairly dealt with; that they have been lured
into the military service of the Government by-
offers and piomises, merely delusive, never to be
fulfilled. Such an imposition cei tainly was never
contemplated by the Government, or by any de-
partment of the Government, or by any authorized
agent of the Government.
What number of volunteers of this class have
entered the service under this call and under this
offer I am not advised; but whatever may be the
number, whether it be more or less, they take the
place of and expose themselves to the dangers
and accidents of wai,in the stead of just so many
other or white volunteers, and to whom this
bounty would have been paid withoutaquestion;
so that the cost to the Govei nment cannot be any
more in the one ease than it would have been m
the other; and the. payment of this bounty can-
not be withheld in. the one case any more than it
could have been in the other consistently with
honor and good faith. The obligation is quite
as imperative in the one case as it would have
been in the other. It is not a mere question of
expediency or of policy, resting in the judgment or
the discretion of Congress or of the (a-overnmeot.
It is much more than that. It is a question of
honor, a question of honoiary obligation to these
volunteers. It is a question .whether we will dis-
charge an obligation to which we have already
been committed by solemn pledge and by public
proclamation.
Mr. President, this obligation must be dis-
charged, this bounty must be paid, if we would
