1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
3§th Cons. ...1st Sess.
retain for all services, of every kind, in prize
causes, exceed one half t!-e maximum compensa-
tion allowed to tlicm, respectively, by the afore-
said act.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted. That the dis-
trict attorney and prize commissioners, except
the naval officer, shall be allowed a just and suit-
able compensation for their respective services in
each prize cause, to be adjusted and determined
by the court, and to be paidascosts in thecausc.
Sec. 21. Andbe it further enacted, Thateach dis-
trict attorney and prize commissioner, except the
t naval officer, shall render to the Secretary of the
Interior an annual account, beginning with the
first day of July next, of all sums he shall have
received for all services in prize causes within the
previous year; and the district attorney shall be
allowed to retain therefrom a sum not exceeding
three thousand dollars foi'each year, in addition
to the maximum compensation allowed to be re-
tained by him by the third section of the act of
the twenty-sixth February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, or in addition to any salary lie may
receive in lieu of such maximum compensation;
and each such prize commissioner shall be al-
lowed to letain a sum not exceeding three thou-
sand dollars for each year, which shall be in full
f"i- all his official services in prize causes; and
any excess over those respective amount^ shall
be paid by the officer receiving the same into the
Treasury of the United States, and shall be cred-
ited to the fund for paying naval pensions.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the
auctioneers employed to make sales of prize prop-
erty shall be entitled to receive commissions by
a scale to be established by the Secretary of the
Navy, not to exceed, in any case, one half of one
per centum on any sum exceeding ten thousand
dollars on vessels, nor one per centum on said
sum of other prize property, which shall be in
full for his expenses, as well as their services;
and in case no such scale shall beestablished,they
shall be entitled to receive such compensation as
the court shall deem just under the circumstances
of each case.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That in any
case of capture heretofore made, or that may
hereafter be made by vessels of the Navy, the
Secretary of the Navy may employ special counsel
for captors, when, in his judgment, the services
of such special counsel are needed in the par-
ticular case, for the due protection of the interests
of the captors and of the Navy pension fund; and
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy
such counsel may institute and prosecute such
proceedings in the case as may be necessary and
proper for the protection of such interests. The
court may allow such compensation as it shall
deem just under the circumstances of each case
to special counsel for captors, not being the dis-
trict attorney or any of his assistants, whether
appointed by a Department of the Government or
by the captors, for services actually rendered in
the cause, to be paid as costs, in whole or in part
either from the entire fund or from the portion
awarded to the captors; but no such allowance
shall be made except for services rendered on
matters as to which the party the counsel repre-
sents has an adverse interest to the United Slates,
or an interest otherwise proper in the opinion of
the court to be represented by special counsel, or
' for services rendered in a contestation between
parties claiming to participate in the distribution
of the proceeds.
Sec. 24. And be it further enacted, That fees of
special counsel in prize cases incurred or author-
ized by any Department of the Government, or
for the defense of captors against demands for
damages made by claimants in the district court,
not paid by claimants, nor from the prize fund in
the particular cause, and audited and allowed by
the Department incurring or authorizing them,
and by the Solicitor of the Treasury, shall be a
charge upon and paid out of the funds appro-
priated for defray ing the expenses of suits in which
the United States is a party or interested.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the court shall allow fees to any witness in a
prize cause, or fees for taking evidence out of the
district in which the court sits, and there is no
money subject to its order in the cause, the same
shall bo paid by the marshal, and shall be repaid
to him from any money deposited to the order of
the eourt in said cause; and any amount not so
repaid the marshal shall be allowed as witness fees
paid by him in cases in which the United States
is a party.
Sec. 26. Andbeitfurtherenaeted, Thatnopvize
property shall be delivered to the claimants on
stipulation, deposit, or other security, except
where there has been a decree of restitution and
the captors have appealed therefrom, or where
the court, after a full hearing on the preparatory
proofs, has refused to condemn the property on
those proofs, and has given the captors leave to
take further proofs, or where the claimant of any
property shall satisfy the court that the same has
a peculiar and intrinsic value to him, independent
of its market value. In any of these cases, the
court may deliver the property on stipulation or
deposit of its value, if it shall be satisfied that the
rights and interests of the United States and cap-
tors, or of other claimants, will not be prejudiced
thereby, a satisfactory appraisement being first
made, with an opportunity given to the district
attorney and naval prize commissioner to be
heard as to the appointment of appraisers. And
any money deposited in lieu of stipulation, and all
money collected on a stipulation, not being costs,
shall be deposited with the assistant treasurer in
the same manner as proceeds of a sale.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, Thatwhen-
ever any captured vessel, arms, munitions, or
other material shall be taken .for the use of the
Government before it coines into the custody of
a prize court, it shall be surveyed, appraised,and
inventoried by persons as competent and impar-
tial as can be obtained,and the survey,appraise-
ment, and inventory shall be sent to the court in
which proceedings are to be had; and if taken
afterwards, sufficient notice shall first be given to
enable the court to have the property appraised
for the protection of the rights of the claimants
and captors. In all cases of prize property here-
tofore taken for, or appropriated, to the use of
the Government, or that shall hereafter be so
taken or appropriated, the Department for whose
use it was or shall be taken of appropriated, shall
deposit the value thereof with the assistant treas-
urer of the United States nearest to the place of
the session of the court, subject to the order of
the court in the cause.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That in case
of any capture heretofore made, or that shall here-
after be made, if, by reason of its condition, or
because the whole has been appropriated to the
use of the United States, no part of the captured
property has been or can be sent in for adjudica-
tion, or if the captured property be entirely lost
or destroyed, proceedings for adjudication may
be commenced in any district the Secretary of the
Navy may designate. And in any such case the
proceeds of anything sold, or the value of any-
thing taken or appropriated for the use of the
Government, shall be deposited with the assist-
ant treasurer in or nearest to that district, sub-
ject to the order of the couit in the cause. If,
when no property can be sent in for adjudication,
the Secretary of the Navy shall not, within three
months after any capture, designate a district for
the institution of proceedings, the captors may
institute proceedings for adjudication in any dis-
trict. And if, in any case of capture, no proceed-
ings for adjudication shall be commenced within
a reasonable time, any parties claiming the cap-
tured property may, m any district court as a
court of prize, move for a monition to show cau^ft
why such proceedings shall not be commenced,
or institute an original suit in such court for res-
titution, and the monition issued in either case
shall be served on the attorney of the United
States for the district, and on the Secretary of the
Navy, as well as on such other persons as the
court shall order to be notified.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That when
any vessel or other property shall have been cap-
tured by any force hostile to the United States,
and shall be recaptured.and it shall appear to the
court that the same had not been condemned as
prize before its recapture, by any competent au-
thority, the cor.it shall award a meet and compe-
tent sain as salvage, accoidiug to the circum-
stances ofeach case; and if the captured property
belonged to the United States, it shall be restored
to the United States, and there shall be paid from
the Treasury of the United States the salvager
costs, and expenses ordered by the court; and if
the recaptured property belonged to persons re-
siding within or under the protection of the United
States,the court shall ad judge the property to be
restored to its owners upon their claim, on the
payment of such sum as the eourt may award-as
salvage, co%ts, and expenses; and if the recap-
tared property belonged to atly person pei-sp&-
nently resident within the territory and under
the protection of any foreign prance, Go-vernmertt,.
or State in amity with the United States, and by the
law or usage of such prince, Government, or State,
the property ofacitizen of the United States would
be restored under like circumstances of recap-
ture, it sljall be adjudged to be restored to such
owner upon his claim, upon such terms as by
the law or usage of such prince, Government, or
State would be required of a citizen of the United
States under like circumstanccs of recapture; and.
when no such law or usage shall be known, it
shall be adjudged to be restored upon the pay-
ment of such salvage, costs, and expenses as the •
court shall order: Providtd, That nothing in this
act shall be construed to contravene any treaty
of the United States.- And the whole amount
awarded as salvage shall be decreed to the captors,
and no part to the United States, and shall be
distributed as in the case of proceeds of property
condemned a^ prize.
Sec. 30. And fee itfurthcrcnactcd, Thatifitshafi
appear to the court, in the case of any prize prop-
erty ordered to be sold, that it will be for the in-
terest of all parties to have it sold in another dis-
trict, the court may direct the marshal to transfer
the same to the district selected by the court for
the sale, and to insure the same with proper
orders as to the time and manner of selling the
same. And it shall be theduty of the marshal so
to transfer the property, and keep and sell the
same in like manner as if the property were in
his own district; and he shall deposit the gross
proceeds of the sale with the assistant treasurer
nearest to the place of sale, subject to the order
of the court in which the adjudication thereon
is pending; and the necessary expense attending
the insuring, transferring, receiving, keeping, and
selling the said property shall be a charge there-
upon and upon the proceeds thereof; and when-
ever any such expense is paid in advance by the
marshal, and he shall not be repaid from the pro-
ceeds, any amount not so repaid he shall be al-
lowed as in case of expenses incurred in suits in
which the United States is a party. The Secre-
tary of the Navy may, in like manner, either by
a general regulation or special direction in any
cause, require a marshal to transfer any prize
property from the district in which the judicial
proceedings are pending to any other district for
sale, and the same proceedings shall be had as if
such transfer had been made by order of the court,
as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 31. Andbe it further enacted, That if any
person shall willfully do any act, or aid, assist,
or advise, in the doing of any act relating to the
bringing in, custody, preservation, sale, or other
disposition of any property captured as prize, or
relating to any documents or papers connected
with the property, or to any deposition or other
document or paper connected with the proceed-
ings, with intent to defraud, delay, or injure the
United States, or any captor or claimant of such
property, he shall, on conviction, be punished by
a fine not exceeding ten thousand dollars, or by
impiisonment not exceeding five years, or both,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That in the
term " vessels of the Navy" shall be included,
for the purposes of this act, all armed vessels
officered and manned by the United States, and
under the control of the Departmentof the Navy.
Sec. 33. And be it further matted, Thatthe pro-
visions of this act shall be applied to all captuies
made as prize by authority of the United States,
or adopted and ratified by the President of the
United States.
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall apply to all prize proceedings now pending.
Sec. 35. And be it further enacted, That the act
entitled " An act providing for salvage in cases
of recapture," approved on the third day of
