1864
THE CON"GRESSIOKAli: tGfLOBR
seat'
would' remind the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that the rule of the Treasury
Department is different as to lost bonds which are
not negotiable from what it is in reference to lost
notes which are negotiable. Where bonds which
are not negotiable are lost,duplicates are issued,
and substituted for them after the lapife of a cer-
tain time, enough to justify the idea that they are
lost; but where notes, payable, on delivery, are
lost, duplicates are not issued exceptin accordance
with a special act of Congress.
! Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say that the act
which We now seek to repeal makes it imperative
upon Congress to issue'duplicates. If they had
the right-to do so previous to the passage of the
dct then there would not.be no necessity for the
passage of this repealing act. 1 think, therefore,
it is proper to repeal that law, and leave the mat-
ter to stand upon their usage.
Mr. DA of Maryland. I was not present
when the bilrwhich is now the subjectof discus-
sion was passed. , I confess I heard'of its passage
with surprise and some alarm. I think the' rule
applicable to the administration'of justice between
individuals has been Applied very unwisely to
dealings between the Government mid citizens
wilh reference to Us bonds. In the esse of a lost
obligation between A'and B the facts can be judi-
cially established. Butbefore Acan secure such
Remedy against B he has to furnish judicial proof
of all the tacts, with all the deliberate modes of
examination which exist in courts of justice, and
"which we here cannot possibly apply. Why, sir,
an affidavit before Congress can be made to prove
- anything. As many affidavits as anybody wants
can be gotten for any purpose. The great motive
for the establishment of the Court of Claims was
the perpetual passage by Congress of fraudulent
claims sustained by overwhelming and conclusive
•prpOf. If this House were to attempt to hold the
Government as the insurer for the existence and
■ultimate payment1 of every negotiable note or
every note passing by delivery, it would open the
door'to more fraud than any Government in the
civilised world was ever subjected to. It is im-
possible for this House to judge with the accuracy
of a jury, still less with the accuracy of a chaii-
eellor,the weight, force, and validity of affidavits
drawn frorti every quarter of the country, and in
regard to the truth or falsehood of which they
have not one judicial test which they can possi-
bly apply.   . ,
"Then,,sir, in the administration of justice be-
tween individuals, their obligations are usually
of short date; they run out in three or five years;
oryif:bonds,in ten, twelve, or twenty years. Col-
lateral security has some relation to private obli-
gations; butin reference to the bonds of the Gov-
ernment to talk about collateral security in this
country of ephemeral fortunes and shifting prop-
erty is an absurdity, as I think. We have got
to make up our minds that when a note is issued
by the Government alid is in the hands of the
holder, it must rest there on his risk and respons-
ibility, payable only when it is produced; and I
am willing to apply that rule not only to nego-
tiable instruments passing by delivery or assign-
ment, but also to those which cannot be trans-
ferred. The question to be decided in such cases
as this is as to the Validity of the prqof, and that
we never can decide. ,1 am, therefore, equally
.opposed to the proposed general law as I am to
this measure.
Mr. HALE. I am somewhat sarprised, Mr.
Speaker, at the extraordinary zeal manifested by
gentlemen to dtfeat this bill. Jt is not necessary
to protect the interests of the Government, because
the Government is already abundantly .piotecled
by the bondj which lias been filed, and if that is
not sufficient the parties are willing to pledge
themselves for an additional amount. Why, then,
should there be thisextiaoidinaiy zeal manifested
here ?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] is
riiistaken in-"saying that the collateial suciuity
would run out m five or six years; the bond it;
given to the Government to protect it against loss,
whenever these lost bonds may be brought for-
ward, and it may be twenty or twenty-five years.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Let me call the
gentleman's attention to one very practical con-
sideration, and that is, that in this country for-
tunes are ephemeral.
, Mr. HALE. That is'another point of new.
That is not the question the geritlemim started.
It may bp. true that, fortunes are made to-day and
spent to-morrow, but we have to deal with facts
as they now are. This Government may not be
in existence twenty-five ye&rs hence. We do not
know that it will, though we all hope Chatit will
Inst for all time to..come. This b«nd protects the
Government against this liability, whenever it
•may arise; it never expires. :
I ask gentlemen to put themselves in, the posi-
tion of these men. Suppose you* oil', were in
possession of$7,000of the obligationsof thisGov-
ernment, and sent them by mail, and the vessel
in which you sent them was wrecked ortook-fire
or sunk? ,i .
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WASHBtaNE]
raises an imputation against the character of these
men, because they made an affidavit that the mails
were burnt in the Golden Gate. Now I submit
whether that, is fair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to do any injustice to these men. I only
read what Mr. Wood stated in his affidavit. He
swore in that affidavit that this ship and the mails
were destroyed. ; ' <
Mr. HALE. I know whftthe said, and I know
what the gentleman from Illinois said, and 1 know
what the inference fie drew was. It was that this
gentleman in Boston had sworn whatiwas fiotlrue.
That was the allegation, and nothing else. I
submit to any fair-minded man whether, when
ho heard that the steamer Golden Gate had taken
fire o.n the Pacific coast and had gone.to the bot-
tom, he would not naturally have made an affi-
davit that the property had been destroyed by
fire? Would not any one do so? Would not
the gentleman from Illinois do so?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
the gentleman from Illinois would never do it.
Mr. HALE. 1 think he would.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman must judge me by himself. I do not de-
sire to be judged by tiisU slandard in this respect.
Mr. HALfi. I believe, Mr. Speatar^ that no
just, fair-minded man could object to letting this
jointresoiution bo postponed for the preseht.' The
Governmentisamply secured. According to the
statement of the Register, Ihese bonds telvc rfot
been found—have not been heard of. The affi-
davit of the owner is produced that he had not
heard of them. Now, what objection can there
■ be to letting this joint resolution be postponed? I
can see none.- As I said before, the Government is
amply protected. These duplicates need not be
issued for some time, until the Government, is
satisfied that the bonds are lost. I will therefore
move, if it be in Order, that the resolution be post-
poned till the second Tuesday in December next.
Mr. STEVEJXS. Are the merits of the ques-
tion open on the motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. The motion is; only debata-
ble as to the propriety of postponing the bill.
Rlr. STEVENS. I witl let the vote be taken
on that, and then 1 will say a single word.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman wishes to say
anything now, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr,. STEVENS. I want.to say this: the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] Jias risked
what was the custom of'the Department in refer-
ence to lost bonds. The custom is this': in one year
after the maturity of a negotiable note—for in-
stance a seven-thirty bond—-upon clear proof.of
its being destroyed, and upon indemnity being
given to the Government, the Treasury will pay
the amount. But new notes are never issued for
lost ones. They are paid when they haVd ma-
tured, or one year after, giving sufficient time to
have,them presented by the holder. I think that
is the true rule. ' If the bond or note of an indi-
vidual is lost he cannot be sued for the amount
until it is due. 1 think that is a very good rule
in regard to the Government.
It appeals that these Oregon bonds fall due in
38al. Before 1881 these lost bonds may be pre-
sented, but they cannot be paid until they fall due.
If within a year, or a reasonable time, after 1881,
it be proved to the Government that-they are lost,
the Government will without any new law, with-
out any imperative law, pay them. But the
Treasuiy never issues duplicate bonds withoUtan
imperative law. Hence it is that this act was
passed. 1 think it better to lep'eal it,and to leave
the matter to the oidmaiy action of the Govern-
ment and to the rule which applies to individu-
als, of paying at mato ity; ' i' kferink a Mfer
rule. Although I was once in fefvor ofm general
law on this subject, I have chariged-'miyrvlews al-
together. ' V . ti* i-  i «- <■/;
if ;my colleague [Mr. Haile] now vMshea to
move to postpone I willlelhi® m&ke
and then I;will move the plertoug quastiOBj <4 .
Mrs HAIiB.j I will yiekUo iby^le^l^fSIr.
ScOFIELOj|k \ \ ' j,ft! i'il-yf" :i/ii i:o
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 understood myjcolleague
[Mr. Hale]'to claim, when this< matter.'was Ia3t
up, that these, bonds were lost beydndijhopd of
recovery; I liow understand him only to claim
that they are ,beyond' the control of' the owner.
They may be in somebody else's harids';but there
is no evidence of their destracKoHju-i > -
Mr. HALE. This bill passed the Senate tod
came to the House; The Gomraittee of Claims
on examining the case reported the bill back iteith
the recommendation that it do 'pass;' tlie-lfcct
appeared—and if my colleague had been attend'
iiig to what hadbcen stated he would have known
it—that these bonds were sealed up and registered
at the post office, after which they were deposited
in the mails .which were placed , op., the Golden
Gate. The Golden Gate, as is' welf known, took
fire uport'the! "Pacific coast and teas'de'str'feyted,
with everything therein. Now I Submit (HM it
Goulcl not' have been properly inferred tfi&t these
men were there and saty the mail batftt Hp; iktf
could not testify from their own personal'.ktiovvl-
edgfe that the Goldeh-Gate sank lothe bdUoM-' of
the ocean; but from the facts presented I submit
that As reasonable men- they vi'erf! rftrthor'ized m
makihg' the statement that these bonds were iW-
stroyed. ' : '
Mr. SCOFIELD.' They state-positivtSy in
their affidavits that the'mails were destroyed.-
Mr. HALE. I, t^ink they )vere justified in
taking it for granted that the-bond's were de-
stroyed., I. think' almost any 'man would have
tAken that for granted'. We iiiWe now no evi-
dence that they were not destroyed. We 'hare
evidence that tome portions of1' Sie btfi?ds iirthe
's&rtite iriaH'h'aftj 'be'en:-f#ftv^red5 bdt' ffie',jjrb<)f
of the Register of tfi^ TrtaHb'r^' is that' tliesi
bonds-have1 never been heard frdrh. I call the at-
tention of the (House to th.^t fact,. .Mr, Chiftfrh-
den 'says that- while the rfiaiM h'ave beert recov-
ered, there is no evidence that tJ)es,e ,partic'(rlaV
bonds ever have been. Now, if you'ore td take
any part of Mr. Chittenden's statement, you irvOet
take it as a whole. If you take his1 Statement
that all the mails have teen recovered; you "miiil
also take his statement that'these bonds harve not
been heard frorti.. All 'the mails wire sunk with
the ship in the bottom-df the ocean;'and gentle-
men know very well that so large a quantity of
mail matter is put into a large number of mail
bags, and a portion of these mail bags may have
been recovered and others'ndtrefeovered. 1 sub-
mit, therefore, that the presufftptibn is that these
bonds have not been recovered,' especially when
that presumption has been sustained by men
whose character is above suspicion. It is not to
be supposed that men of known charaictef ind
wealth Wbhld Indorse these,claitnatjts'.ind g!«e
security to the extent of five times the.amount of
tbe bonds for the protection of the Government
against loss should they ever be recovered litJr'fS'-
aftter unless'they were known to'be,men ofhorjor
and integrity.
I repeat, therefore, that uriderrfO'liiretfmstan'ces
can the Government suffpr in reference to these
bonds should they be recovered; theyare regis-
tered bonds'and cannot be used until properly-in-
dorsed, and the Government has an additional
protection in that respect.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose taking up the
time of the House further in-this^-discussion.
These bonds have been lost; if they are never re-
covered the-Government ought in fairness to issue
new bonds.. If they are recovered, ample secu-
rity has already been given,'and if not, tbe.par-
ties are ready to add to it to any extent required
to insure the Government against aKjf possible
loss. There can be 110 possible harni.done by a
postponement of this bill, and I now move to
postpone it till the second Tuesday of December
next.,andon that motion call theprev-ious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
On the motion -to" postpone 3D voted in the af-
firmative and 40 in the negative; no quorum-.
