238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 30,
38th Cong. ... 1st Se^,
Laws of the United States.
March, in the year eighteen hundred, and the act
entitled " An act in addition to the act concerning
letters-of-marque, prizes, and prize goods," ap-
proved on the'twevrty-seventh day of January, in
the year eighteen hundred and thirteen, and the
act entitled " An act in addition to an act entitled"
'An act in relation to the Navy pension fund,' "
approved on the sixteenth day of April, eighteen,
hundred and sixteen, and an act entitled " An act
to facilitate judicial proceedings in adjudications
Upon captured property and for the better admin-
istration of the law of prize," approved on the
twenty-fifth day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two,and the second,sixth,and twelfth sec-
tions of an act entitled " An act for the better gov-
ernment of the Navy of the United States," ap-
proveil'on the seventeenth day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and the act entitled " An
act further to regulate' proceedings in prize cases
and to amend various aetsof Congress in relation
thereto," approved on the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and all other
acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith, are
• hereby repealed.
Approved, June 30, 186*4.
Ciiap. CLXXV.—An Act to establish certain
Post Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads:
california.
From San Buena Ventura, California, via Ra-
veria City, and Big Meadows, on the Mohave
river, to the sink of said river, and thence to
Fort Mohave on the Colorado river, and Port
Whipple, to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
From Keysville, via Walker's Pass, Little
Owen Lake, and Big Owen Lake, to Union Mills.
From Red Bluff, via Zelley's Ferry, Battle
Creek, Parkville, Millville, and Buckeye, to
Shasta.
From Los Angelos to La Paz, and thence to
the capital of Arizona Territory, and thence to
Santa Fg.
From San Jose, in Santa Clara county, via the
mountain road leading into Pajer's Valley, to
Watsonville, in Santa Cruz county.
From San Mateo to Pescadero, in Santa Cruz
county.
From Aurora to San Carlos.
From Visalia to San Carlos.
From Stockton, via Copperopolis, to Angel'a.
From Sonora, California, via Bridgeport, to
Aurora, Nevada Territory.
FromSusanville, in Lassen county, California,
to Boise City, in Idaho Territory.
From Campo Seco to Mokelumne Hill.
From Crescent City, California, to Waldo,
Oregon.
From San Bernardino, California, to La Paz,
Arizona Territory.
From Fulsom City, viaUniontown, to Coloma.
From Sail Pedro to Wilmington and Los An-
From Elgin, via Burlington, to Sycamore.
From Rock island, via Camden Mills, Pleasant
Ridge, Hazlet, Hamlet, Perryton, Aiedo, High
Point, New Boston, Keithsburg, Oquawka, Sage-
town, Hopper's Mills, Shoholcen, Tinappity,
Dallas City, Pontoosac, and Appanoose, to Fort
Madison, Iowa.
From Luda, Ogle county, to New Mil ford,
Winnebago county.
From Argo, via Morrison road, in the town of
York, and Baker's Spring, in the town of Union
Grove, to Morrison.
From Hale, Ogle county, to Payne's Point.
From Beaverville, via Donovan, to Iroquois.
From Moro, via Ridgely, to Prairie City.
From Sparta, via Shiloh Hill, to Jones'Creek.
From Grand Ridge Settlement, in the south-
west township of Kankakee county, via Norton
Township, Union Hill, Essex Township, Kanka-
kee county, and Reid Township, in Will county,
to Wilmington in same county.
From Joliet, via Grinton,in Troy township,
and Seward,to Platteville, in Kendall county.
From Clifton, Iroquis county, via L'Erabk,
(intersecting main road running north and south
on east side of Iroquois river,) and Martenton,
to Middleport.
From Dupage, via East Wheatland, to Plain-
field.
From Aurora, Kane county, via Wheatland
and Tamorack, to Plainfield.
From Naperville, Dupage county, to Copen-
hagen, in same county.
From Lamont, Cook county, via Dupage, Will
county, to Naperville, Dupage county.
From Sycamore, De Kalb county, via Genoa,
North Kingston, and Blood's Point, to Belvidere,
Boone county.
From Shabbona, De Kalb county, to Malta, in
same county.
From Chester to Red Bud.
From Lewistown, Fulton county, to Lincoln,
Logan county.
From Carthage, Hancock county, via Charles
Abbott's and John Ruth's, to Dallas City, in
Hancock and Henderson counties.
From Carthage to Fountain Green, in Hancock
county.
From Ottowa, via Ford's Comet, Prairie Cen-
tre, Ophir Centre, and Triumph, to Mendota.
indiana.
From Portland, via College, Antiocli, Bound-
ary City, and Pittsburg, to Salem.
From Perryville to State Line City.
From Union City, via New Pittsburg aiid An-
tiocli, to Jay Court-House.
iowa.
From Washington, via North English, Web-
ster, and Coal Creek, in Keofcuk county, Union
and New Sharon, to Granville, in Mahaska
county.
From Vinton to Blairstown, in Benton county.
From Iuka, via Toledo, Wolf Creek, and Buck-
ingham, to Waterloo.
From Lexington, via Washington, to Wasson-
ville.
From Sioux City, Iowa, via Vermillion and
Yancton, in Dakota, Niobraroh, in Nebraska,
to Gallatin and Bannock City, in Idaho Terri-
tory.
From Waterloo, via Hudson, Grundy Centre,
and Vienna, to Marshalltown.
From Mt. Ayr, via Eugene, to Afton.
From Belle Plaiue, via WestIrving,Waltham,
Brush, Grove, and and Six Mile Grove, to Water-
loo.
From Fredericksburg to New Hampton.
From Marengo, in Iowa county, via Millers-
burg, North English, and South English, Edom,
Scotland, Seventy-Six, and Cedarviile, to Wash-
ington.
From Monticello, via Castle Grove, Prairie-
burg, Boulder, Waubeck,andJordan'sGrove,to
Marion.
From Otiawa City, via Areola, Mapleton,and
Morris, to Ida.
From Lewis, via Oakfield, to Exira.
From Big Grove, via Newtown, to Harlan.
From Council Bluff, via Keg Creek, to Har-
lan.
From Council Bluff, via Keg Creek, Newtown,
Harris Grove, and Oakfield, to Hamlin's Grove.
From Ottawa, via Glenn's and Garden Grove,
to High Point.
From lndianola, viaOceola, to Leon.
From Decatur City, Iowa, via Princeton and
Trenton, Missouri, to Chillicothe.
* From Lewis, via Grant, to Sciola.
From Anamosa, Jones county, via Highland
Grove and Walnut Fork, to Clarcnce, Cedar
county.
From Columbus City, Louisa county, via
Downey's Station, West Branch, Cedar Bluffs,
and Mechanicsville, to Anamosa, in Jones coun ty.
From State Centre, via Minerva, Illinois Grove,
and New Providence, to Eldora.
From Fort Dodge, via Rolfe and Spirit Lake,
to Okoboji, Dickinson county.
From Onowa City, Monona county, via
Kennebec, Smithland, Correctionville, Cherokee,
O'Brien, and Peterson, to Spirit Lake, Dickin-
son county.
| From St. Charles, Floyd county, via Belmond,
| Goldfield and Eagle Grove, Wrightcounty, to Fort
i Dodge, Webster county.
From Maysville, Franklin county, via Otisville,
Wall Lake, and Eagle Grove, Wfight county, to
Dakota, Humboldt county.
kansas.
From Rising Sun, via Areola, to Grasshopper
Falls.
From Junction City, Kansas, to Denver, Col-
orado.
From Junction City, Kansas, via the Repub-
lican river, to Fort Kearney, Nebraska.
From Atchison, via Pardee, Grasshopper Falls,
and Mount Florence, to Topeka.
From Leavenworth, viaOakaloosa, Grasshop-
per Falls, Houlton, Circleville, and Lincoln, to
Seneca.
From Lawrence, via Baldwin City and Black
Jack, to Paola.
From Junction City, via the Solomon river, to
Ayersville.
From Topeka, to the Saa: and Fox Agency.
From Lawrence, via Osawatomie, to Fort
Scott.
From Leavenworth, via Grasshopper Falls and
Houlton, to Fort Riley.
Fioiu Lawrence, via Black Jack and Stanton,
to Osawatomie.
From Fort Scott, via Baxter Springs, Toliquet,
Fort Gibson, to Fort Smith, Arkansas.
From Lawrence, via Oskaloosa, Grasshopper
Falls, Monrovia, and Pardee, to Atchison.
kentucky.
From Bradfordsville, Marion county, via Wil-
liamT. Weatherford's, on Rush Branch, Powers'
Store, and Low's Gate, to Hustonville, Lincoln
county.
maryland.
From Salisbury, via Friendship and Dublin, to
Newtown.
From Linganore, via Woodville, to Ridge-
ville.
From Brookville, Montgomery county, via the
Union turnpike road, Silver Spring, and Bright-
wood, to Washington, District of Columbia.
michigan.
From Wayne's to Romulus.
From Pere Muiquetta, Marva county, to In-
dian Town.
From Midland to Isabella.
From Big Rapids, Mecorter county,to Hersey
Branch.
From Unadilla to Plainfield, in Livingston
county.
Fro'm Constantino, via Hartt's Corners, New-
burg, and Vandalia, to Cassopolis.
From Steven's Landing, Somilac county, via
townships of Worth, Fiemont, and Speaker, to
Maple Valley, Somilac county.
minnesota.
From Carver, via Waconia, to Watertown.
From Hastings, via Empire City, Farmington,
and Lakeville, to Shakopee.
From Faxon, via Glencoe and Koniska, to
Hutchinson.
From Jordan, via Lexington and Le SuerCen-
tre, to Cleveland.
From St. Charles, via Saratoga and Troy, to
Preston.
From Red Wing, Goodhue county, via Belle
Creek, Hader, Norway, ICenyon, and East
Prairieville, to Faribault, in Rice county.
From Monticello, Wright county, to Rockford,
in same county.
From St. Clond, Minnesota, via Fort Aber-
crombie and Bannock City, in the Territory of
Idaho, to Fort Walla-Walla.
From Anoka, via Cedar Grove, Bethel, Lin-
wood, Anoka county, and Oxford, North Branch,
Isanti county, to Sunrise, Chisago county.
From Waukato,Minnesota, to the Winnebago
Agency, Dakota Territory.
From Preston, via Arundahl and Argo, to En-
terprise.
missouri.
From St. Joseph, Missouri, via Rochester,
Empire Prairie, and Smithtown, to Mount Ayr,
Iowa.
From St. Catharines, via North Salem and
Kiddville, to Unionville.
