1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-&IOM
to supersede or take the place of the old Bank of
the United States. The terms of its association
are wry peculiar. The directors and stockhold-
ers do not object to the individual liability clause,
find are perfectly willing to come in as a national
bank under this law, but they are restrained by
a section in their articles of association which I
will read.
Article twelve provides that a majority of the
board of directors at their discretion may accept
nnd exercise any additional powers or privileges
which may at any time be conferred on the asso-
ciation, either by an amendment of the act under
which it is formed or by any new enactment.
Section two of that article provides that they
may also apply for and accept any act or acts of
incorporation and upon such conditions as they
may deem expedient, and may cause to be trans-
ferred and convoyed to the body-corporate so to
be created all the property of the association.
Section four contains this provision;
CkXo eijan^e shall be made in these aiticles, nor shall the
directors consent to oY accept any aCt of incorporation or
legislative provision wheieby the right*, the remedies, or
^comity ot' the exiting creditois of the association shall be
weakened or unpaired, 01 whereby any shareholder shall
he rendered liable in Ins individual rapacity tor any con-
tract, debt, or engagement of the association."
Under these articles of association the directors
cannot form themselves as a banking association
under this act without the consent of every stock-
holder. There are some twenty-five hundred J
stockholders, itis said,scattered all over the world, j
and it is impossible to obtain their consent, h
is, therefore, impossible for them to come in un-
der lb is bill unless a provision is made to exempt
them from the individual liability clause. On the
other hand, it was deemed of vital importance
that this hank, being- the largest banking institu-
tion in the Umti d Sutes, should embrace the pro-
visions of the act. T)ie directors and managers
of the bank desire to come in. They are very
strong; tb,>y now hold $16,000,000 of our securi-
ties; they have been the friends of the Govern-
ment; they have loaned us their money freely.
U is deemed desirable that they should be brought
in under the piovUionsof this net if it can, be
done, and theie is nothing in the way except
these articles of association which forbid any
change in that particular, and such a changecnn-
riot be made without the assent of all the stock-
holders, and that assent it is impossible to obtain.
Under these circumstances the committee, after
a good deal of discussion, deemed that the facts
would authorize and justify the exception; but
in order to strengthen the matter still more, they
have now on. hand a surplus of twenty per cent,
of their capital stock. The whole of their cap-
ital stock is-paid in, and they have a surplus of
twenty per cent, besides. We considered that
this surplus was equivalent at least to the individ-
ual liability clause, and they are required to keep
, tins surplus on hand undiminished, so that if the
Bank of Commerce avails itself of thisexception
and comes in under this law it will be bound not
only to keep us capital stock paid up, but to keep
always on hand a surplus of twenty pei cent, on
the capital stock more than any other bank organ-
ized under it We thought the facts were so
stion «Nto justify the exception in their case.
Mr. COLL A. Ml EH. Every large bank in the
largo cities, by this bill, is required to keep twenty
per cent, surplus.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
They are bound to set aside ten per cent, on their
profits as a surplus fund until the amount is
twenty per cent.; and that same provision applies
also to the Bank of Commerce.
Mr. COLLAMER. it would be the same
thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. It would prob-
ably be twenty years before, under the natural
opeiations of this banking system, the surplus
fund would amount to twenty per cent, of the
capital.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does not this bill require
tisat itshtrll be filn en percent, on their capital ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It requires the margin I
speak of; but the same iu!e applies to the Bank
of Comraeice; and if the amendment does not
cany oat the meaning, 1 invite the Senator from
Veimoot to change the phtaseology. The pur-
pose is to requiie ihis .surplus of twenty per cent.,
m addition to any other surplus required by the
bill j because they will be btrontf by the Other pro-
visions of this bill—to require that asasubstitute
for the individual liability clause; and I think the
Senator will see that this surplus is distinct and
separate from the surplus required by another
provision of the bill, which requires one temh'of
the net profits to be set aside as a surplus fund.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio by striking out
" $5,000,000," and then let it apply to any bank
now in existence that has a surplus of twenty per
cent. There will be something fair in that, it
seems to me. The idea of making this exception
for one bank, and that the wealthiest bank, the
most powerful bank in the United States, is rather
repulsive to my sentiments of fair dealing and
equity among the different banks. I know there
are banks that have as large a surplus as this. I
know one in the town in which I reside that has,
or at least had at the time I knew anything about
it, a larger surplus than twenty per cent. The
capital of that bank is only §100,000. Why
should not that bank be permitted to come in if
it is in as solvent a condition as the Bank of Com-
merce, and be permitted to participate in the ad-
vantages of this section? Why should not its
stockholders be exempt from individual liability
as much as those of the Bank of Commerce? It
is composed of men just as loyal. Us directors,
perhaps, have taken as much Government bonds
in proportion to their capital as the Bank-of
Commeico. They have not the same ability be-
cause they have not the capital, but in proportion
thev have done as well.
Mr. SHERMAN. My answer to the Senator
from Iowa is just this: if there was any way by
whiih the Bank of Commerce could come in
under the opeiation of this act, I would not ex-
cept it on account of its surplus funds nor on ac-
count of its large capital; but the difficulty m the
way is just the one I stated, if there was any
way in which this could be avoided, I would not
make the exception; and we agreed to do ltwith
great hesitation, and only when we were com-
pelled to do it or forego the advantage to be de-
rived from this v>uy laige hank leading off from
the State to the national banking system. There
is no other reason for it; it is not justifiable ex-
cept on the ground that there is an existing cor-
poiation restrained by itsarticlesofcopartnership
in such a way that it cannot organize under this
system except upon an impossible condition, that
is, the assent of every stockholder of the bank,
including minors and persons all over the coun-
try. The subject has been very fuliy and fairly
considered. If we can believe these gentlemen,
they do not feat the individual liability clause,
and no doubt they speak truly; for in a bank
with so Im'oe a capital and such a surplus fund
the individual liability is not to be feared by
them. They do not object to the individual lia-
bility; they would be perfectly willing to incur it;
but they are restrained by the articles of associa-
tion which deny the power.
Mr. CxR! MES. i mquiie of the Senator if the
stockholders or directors of this bank report to
the committee that it is impossible for them to
buy up the balance of this stock, so as to secure
it m their hands?
Mr. SHERMAN. They say it is utterly im-
possible to do it, for this reason: this being an
old bank which lias existed for a long time, fts
stock is scattered all over the country and in for-
eign countries, so that jt cannot be bought up. It
is held in Fiance and in Cuba as well as m the
United Slates. The stock is generally held, too,
in small sums by a great number of people scat-
tered all over th« world.
Mr. SUMNER. As 1 shall vote for this amend-
ment, I desire to say in a word why 1 shall do
so. There are two reasons. In the first place,
I believe it will be to the advantage of the Gov-
ernment to secuie the cooperation of this very
powerful banking institution, and I believe the
Senator from Ohio has done it no more than jus-
tice when he has described what it has already
done since the beginning of our troubles. It has
been a patriotic institution, and I believe that if
it sriiould come forward under our new banking 1
system, it would set a very important example ;
to other banks throughout the country. Then, '
in the second place, 1 do not see that there can I
be any possible harm that can come from the ex- j
ception.. if I saw any harm in it, certainly I j
should join with th^se Senators who hesitate;!
but here you have a positive advantage without
really any visible harm. '
Mr; HENDERSON. Mr. President, lam.
tainly struck with th6 views presented by the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] in inference to
this proposition. I do tVot see' arty1 reason Tor
making an exception in favor of the-Bank 6f Com-
merce, one single, isolated *banfc$ and surdy the
proposition now presented to the Senate furs no
other meaniftg and can have no other-rheamrig1
than to except that bank from'a somewhut strin-
gent rule imposed on all other banks that may be
organized under this bill. I have no feelings' of
opposition to the Bank of Commerce, and 'if this
system'be a desirable system, I should'certainly
have no objection to the Bank of Commerce com-
ing in under it; but I am not willing, in the first
place, to legislate in this kind of style.
This isa bank of very greatpower, a bank hav-
ing a capital now perhaps exceeding ten. million
dollars, and I am very sorry to see a proposition
made at this early stageof banking underthis bill*—
a system of banking which has never met with my
approbation from the beginning^ and cannot under
any circumstances now since it haVbeeh tried—A
to favor particularly the largest bank in the United
States, a proposition which relieves it from dura-
bility which has already been imposed on ortfer
banks, and a liability which will be imposed upon
all other banks organized under this bill.
What do we get in consideration of that? The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] says
it is very desirable that the Bank of Commerce
shall enter into this system. Why? What do
we gain by it? The Bank of Commerce has al-
ready, if f understand the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] correctly, possession of $lG>0OO,OOQ
of our bonds. We already have a redundantcir-
culation; we have a circulation that has doubled
the price of every commodity in this country.
Now, what do we gain by this proposition? We
relieve the stockholders of the Bank of Com-
merce from a liability imposed on the stockhold-
ers of every other bank that may be organized
under this bill, and we get in exchange an addi-
tional circulation thrown upon the community to
the amount perhaps of $10,000,000 on the basis
of the bonds already held by the Bank of Com-
merce. That is, we ure to make a circulation,
which is already redundant, still more so. We
might issue tbo'paper of the Treasury ourselves,
if we needed it; but we are proposing that the
Bank of Commerce shall be enabled not only to
fake interest on the bonds it now holds, but to
take an additional interest for surcharging, the
circulation of the country.
What do we gain3 What does the Govern-
ment gain by inducing the Bank of Commerce to
enter the ban king system under this bill ? It seems
to me our object now should be to reduce, if we
possibly can, the redundant circulation that has
been thrown out among the people. What is the
clamor in the country now demanding that the
people be taxed ? When did the people ever de-
mand that they be taxed? Do we not seethe news-
papers throughout the country demanding that
additional taxation be imposed on the people?
Why is it? Are the people of this country so ex-
ceedingly anxious to be taxed, unless there be a
purpose m it? 1 imagine not. The object of it
is to get rid of this redundant circulation that we
are proposing to throw upon the community in
additional quantities by inducing the Bank of Com-
merce to enter into banking under this scheme.
.1 am not disposed to throw any obstacles what-
ever in the way of the Secretary of the Treasury.
If I know myself I am willing to do anything
that can be reasonably done; and in fact when
the original bill was passed a year ago I should
have voted for the bill if my vote was necessary
to carry it; and why? Simply because it was
urged by the Secretary of the Treasury as a
measure absolutely essential to enable him to get
along with the finances of the country. I was at
that time disposed to give my concurrence to it if
it was absolutely essential to enable him to get
along with the finances of the country; but I did
not want it adopted in the form in which it was
proposed. I wanted several amendments to it, and
i made some objections to it at the time. The
system, however, was carried, and upon the trial
we have had of it I am satisfied that it ought to
be abandoned, that we ought to get rid of it at the
very earliest practicable moment. We ought
