1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
381® Gong.-... 1st SessJ
new jersey.
From Gorman Valley, Morris counter, via
Middle Valley and LowerValley ,'to High Bridge,
Hunterdon county.
Prom Egg Harbor City, via Green Bank,
Lower Bank, and Wading river, toTuckerton.
Prom Seaville Station, on the Cape May and
Millviile railroad, via Seaville, to Beasley'sPoint,
Cape May county.
new tore.
Prom Otisville, via Cuddlebackville, Odkland-
ville, and Hartwood, to Bellford.
From Port Jervis to Mongaup Valley.
Prom Chemung, New York, to Saint John's,
Pennsylvania.
From Long Lake, via Newcomb, to Minewa.
. From Georgetown, Madison county, via West
Eaton, to Morrisville.
From Forestville to Kennedy, via.Arkwright
Summit, Hamlet,Villenova, Cherry Creek,Cedar
Creek, and Ellington.
ohio.
From Gratis to Camden.
From McConnellsville, via Tunnel Ridge and
Bloom Hill, to Rural Dale.
Prom Newcomerstown to Bakersville.
Prom Delta, Ohio, via Pancker's Corners,
Chase's Corners, Rathbone's Corners, Chaney's
Corners, and Bassett's Corners, to Adrian,Mich-
igan.
Prom Sciota Furnace, via Lyra, Clinton Fur-
nace, and Powellsville, to Kelly's Mills.
From West Union, via Wheat Ridge, to
Youngsville.
Prom Zanesville, viaSymmes Creek, to Dres-
den.
Prom Litchfield to Grafton.
Prom South Charleston to South Solon.
From Carrolton, via Davis and Leesville, to
Bowerstown.
From Bowerstown, via New Hagerstovvn,
Palermo, and Algonquin, to Carrolton.
oregon.
Prom Portland, via Taylor's Perry and Chc-
halem Gap, to Lafayette.
From Lafayette to Tillamook Valley.
From Dallas City, Oregon, via Canyon City
and Independence, to Boise City, Idaho.
From Roseburg to Point (Jrford.
From Roseburg, via Ten Mile Creek, Camas
Valley, junction of middle and south forks of
Coquille, Lenharri's Prairie, and Sixes Mines, to
Port Orford.
pennsylvania.
From Elderton, Armstrong county, to Plum-
ville, Indiana county.
From New Geneva, Payette county, Pennsyl-
vania, to Morgantown, West Virginia.
From Farmington, via Elm, to Dawson.
Prom Wind Ridge to NewFreeport.
From Newport to Liverpool, in Perry county.
From Silirland to Clinton.
From Falls, Wyoming county, via Milltown
and Shultzville, to Humphreyville.
From Reading, via Adam s Tavern, Browns-
ville, Ivlopp's Store, Hetnch's Host, Winters-
ville, and Mount iEtna, to Myerstown.
From Mauch Chunk, via Nesquehoning and
Summit Hill, to Tamaqua.
Prom Trout Run, viaLippincott'sMills,Mur-
ray's Run, Waliis' Run, Kelley's Mills, and
Plunkett's Creek, to Barbour's Mill.
From the mouth of Cedar Run, via Lower
Whetmores, Long Run, and Westfield's, to Elk
Run.
Prom Millport, via Clara, to Oswego.
From Jefferson Station, via Cordorus, to Brod-
beck's, in York county.
From Freeport, via State Lick and Melissur-
dale, to Leisurville.
From Duncanon, via Dellville and Qrier's
Point, to Keystone.
From West Alexandria to Independence.
From Fall Brook to Canton.
Prom Broadheadsville to Long Valley.
Prom Dingman's Perry, Pennsylvania,to Cen-
treville, New Jersey.
Prom Centretown, Mercer county, via Clinton-
ville, to Emlenton, Venango county.
From Garland to Eagle.
From Coraptonsville, via Franklin's Corners,
to Lockport.
From Wnterville to English Centre.
From Middtetown Centre, in Susquehanna
county, to Rush ville, in same county.
• Prom Stone Church, Northampton county, via
Roxbury, to Mount Bethel, in same county.
From Martin's Creek, Northampton county,
viaFlickvilie, Delpsburg,and Roibury, to Mount
Bethel and Will's Ferry, in same county.
From Clay Lick, via Welch Run, to Upton,
in Franklin county.
From Franklin, Venango county, via Sunville,
to Kingsley Post Office, Crawford county.
Prom Brady's Bend, Armstrong county, via
Phillipsburg, Clarion county, to Waterson's Fer-
ry, Clarion county.
vermont.
From Montpelier, via Worcester, East Elmore,
Elmore, and Wolcott, to North Wolcott.
wisconsin.
From Amherst to Stevens' Point.
Prom Mazomaine, Dane county, via West
Blue Mounds and Moscow, to Green's Prairie,
in Green county.
From Tempeleau to Arcadia.
From Mosinee to Marathon City.
From Wausau to Smith's Corner. ^
From Durand, via Waubeck, Dunnsvllle,
Downsville, Menominee, Cedar Palls, Eighteen-
mile Creek, Running Valley, Cook's Valley, and
Bloomer Prairie, to Chippewa Falls.
From Eprafm to Washington Harbor.
From Barton to Young America.
From Rising Sun, via Fi eemanand Rush Creek,
to De Soto.
From Wausau to Stettin.
From River Falls, in Pierce county, via Bel-
donville, Ellsworth, and Rush river, to Maiden
Rock, in said county, and thence across Lake
Pepin to Lake City, in Wabashaw county, Min-
nesota.
Prom Viroqna to Dsbello, in Vernon county.
Prom Fort Howard, at the northern terminus
of the Northwestern railroad, to Stiles.
From Fayette to Darlington, in Lafayette
county.
Prom Wausau, Marathon county, to Ontona-
gon, Michigan.
From Avoca, via Clyde, to Dodgeville, Iowa
county.
From Blue River Station, Grant county, to Port
Andrew, Richland county.
From Green Bay, Brown county, via Red river
and Lincoln, Kewaunee county, to Aknepee,
Kewaunee county.
From Potosi to Cassviile, Grant county.
From Tafton to Beeilown, Grant county.
west virginia.
From Lost Creek Post Office, Harrison county,
via Rockford and Johnstown, to Peel Tree Post
Office, in Barbour county.
arizona territory.
From the Piinos Village to the Capitol of Ari-
zona.
colorado.
From Denver, Colorado, along the eastern base
of the Rocky mountains, to East Bannock, in
Idaho.
From Denver, Colorado, via Panchee Pass and
Conejos, to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
From Denver to Bijou Basin.
From Golden City, via Ralston Creek and
Boulder City, to Burlington.
dakota.
From Fort Abercrombie, Dakota, to Bannock
City, Idaho.
idaho.
Prom Boise City, via Bannock City, Centre-
ville, Pioneer City, and Placerville, to Lewis-
ton.
Prom Placerville to Fayettevilie.
Prom Boise City, to Esmeraldo, in Alturas
county.
From Boise City, via Owyhee, to Humboldt, in
Nevada Territory.
nebraska.
From Julesburgh,Nebraska, viaPortLaramie .
and Deer Creek, to Virginia City, in Idaho. i
Prom Omaha City, by way of the Valley of
the Elk Horn, to the Niobrarah river.
nevada. ,
Pram Aurora, Nevada, to. Keysville, Califor-
nia.
Prom Onionville to Dun Glen, oast range. ,
Prom Virginia City, via Onionviile, Star City,
fo Humboldt.
utah.
Prom Port Bridger, Utah, via Richville, Soda
Springs, the upper crossing of Snake river and
Virginia City, to Hell Gate, in Idaho.
From Port Bridger, Utah, via Boise City, Idaho,
and Grand RondeValley,Oregan, to Walla-Walla,
Washington Territory.
Prom Salt Lake City, Utah1, Via Fillmore City
and Sf. George, to Los Angelos, California.
Prom Salt Lake City, via E. T. City, Grants-
vilie, Tooele, Shambiss, Cedar Port, Fairfield,
and Goshen, to Payson.
Prom Salt Lake-City, Utah, via Provo City,
Salt Creek, Fillmore City, Beaver, Parawan,
Cedar City, to St. George.
Prom Brigham City, via Mendon, Wellsville,
Hyrum, Millviile, Providence, Logan, Hyd6
Park, Smithfield, and Richmond, to Franklin.
Prom Hyrum to Paradise.
Prom Ogden City to Plain City.
Prom Ogdon City to Huntsville.
Prom Great Salt Lake City, via Jordan, to Her-
riman.
Prom Rockville to Springdale.
Prom Salt Creek, via Poule, Rounds, and Hol-
den, to Fillmore.
Prom Sprigville, via Spanish Fork,Canon Fair-
view, Mount Pleasant, Springtown,Ephraim,and
Manti, to Gunnison.
Prom Mount Pleasant to Moroni.
From Fountain to Wales.
From Cedar City, via Piuto, Pine Valley, Al-
ger, Banney, and Diamond, to Saint George.
Prom Beaver to Minersville.
Prom Fillmore City to Deseret.
Prom Gunnison to Chicken Creek.
Prom Great Salt Lake City, via Mountain,
Weber, Morgan, Porter, Corydon, HeunefTer,
Coalville, Hoytville, Wauship, Peoa, Kansas,
Heber, Mound, Midway, and Charleston, t6
Provo City.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act to amend the Charter
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre~
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Washington and George-
town Railroad Company shall have the right to
extend their horse railway on any public high-
way in the county of Washington, commencing
at the present terminus of either of their roads,
extending north from Seventh and Fourteenth
streets, and from the Capitol square to Mary-
land avenue; and extending north from the east-
ern extremity of that avenue, first having ob-
tained the consent of the levy court therefor;
and may charge additional fare of five cents for
every three miles on each branch so extended,
for each and every passenger conveyed upon
any road constructed in said county of Wash-
ington, outside of the limits of thecities ofWash-
ington and Georgetown: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed so as to pre-
vent Congress from regulating the fare on either
of said roads, or altering or amending the ori-
ginal charter of said company, orthisamendment
thereto, according to the provisions of said ori-
ginal charter.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXVII.—An Act to aid in the Settle-
ment, Subsistence, and Support of the Navajoe
Indian Captives upon a Reservation in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of .Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the direction of the Secietary of the interior, for
