1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
It will be recoUected by the Senate that a few
days ago General Butler marched a force up to
attack Richmond. He marched his men as far as
Bottom's Bridge, where they met with obstacles
in the way, and were compelled to retire. There
were some colored troops in that expedition, most
of whom had been slaves—the class of soldiers
whom you propose to exclude from these boun-
ties, and whose late masters you propose to pay.
I do not believe there was a slaveholder in that
expedition; but there were in it many men who
had been slaves. A correspondent giving an ac-
count of the expedition says:
" As a result of this haid marching, on the first day out
over two hundred had fallen out of the United States regi-
ments fioni exhaustion. When our forces reached Bot-
tom's Bridge, and discoveied that their attempted surprise
had been exposed, it is estimated that fully one half of the
white soldiers who commenced the march had given out,
and the toads back to Williamsburg wore lined with strag-
glers.. But I have the authority of a captain m one of the
white regiments for the statement that not a single colored
sohhei fell out from illness, exhaustion, or any other cause,
and when the rolls were called before the ordered retreat,
every &int;le sable son who had started on the march was
present ami answered to his name!"
A few days ago a large number of our soldiers
escaped from Libby prison and attempted to reach
our lines. Many of them were detained in Rich-
mond, being unable to get outside of the limits of
the city, and were cared for by the Union people
there; and after getting out, they had to depend
entirely upon the negroes for subsistence and for
protection. The following inteiesting account is
given by one of the officers who thus escaped:
" Some of Captain Phelps"rf party and others were pur-
sued and fired upon. All oftln'm kept out of the sight of
whites, hut trusted implicitly the blacks, and never had
their trust betiayed. Alror the fn-t officers had discov-
ered themselves to the negroes and asked for food, on the
Chiekahommy, the negroes organized into relief"squads
and searched the woods for the fugitives, carrying them
food from their scanty rations, and helping them in every
way m their power."
Now, sir, I am opposed to this whole system of
legislation. I suppose that it is the deliberate
judgmentof the Senate that these very men, these
very slaves of Virginia, who searched the woods
to pick up ourescaped prisoners, should be taken
up and put into our armies, and that the bounties
which are provided by law should be paid over to
their masters, who, I will warrant you, never of-
fered these escaped prisoners a single potato to
eat in the time of their exhaustion, and never of-
fered them a place to sleep at night.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator will
pardon me. He is mistaken in that. Some of the
officers in their escape from Richmond, passing
down the Peninsula, were entertained by the
whites, and entertained bountifully, and provided
for with everything they had, good Union men
and Union women—Union women whose hus-
bands had been shot on account of their desertion
from the rebel cause.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I am very
glad to hear that there are good Union men down
there; but I will venture the assertion that they
were not slaveholders; or if they were slaveholders,
that they would not ask the Government to pay
them §300for the services which their slaves could
render in defense of this Union. I make the state-
ment on the authority of one of the escaped piis-
onors, an extract from whose letter I have read
here to-day. I will just read again a single line
from that letter. "Xll"1he officers " kept out
of the sight of whites, but trusted implicitly to the
blacks, and never had their trust betrayed."
I have read th$se things for the purpose of show-
ing the great impropriety and injustice of this kind
of legislation. I never will consent, and I wiil
raise my voice against it, and t will vote against
the proposition that shall insert the word " free"
into any bill which may be passed here discrim-
inating as to the pay which this Government shall
give to any of tin; persons who serve m the armies
of the Union. Why, sir, are not the services of
a slave soldier, if he penis his life, just as good
as the set vices of a free man ? If a slave regiment
or a slave army can save this Constitution and
Union, do we not owe those men just us deep a
debt of gratitude as we owe the white soldiers or
the free black soldiers? Indeed, we owe them
more. If (here is a class of men who, after hav-
ing been ground to the earth, after having had the
hard and it on heel of this nation pressing upon
them, after having been lashed to slavery for yeais,
Und from their early infancy, will yet come up
and serve this Government in the armies of the
Union, let us not insert in any bill which provides
for paying bounties to our soldiers the word
" free." No; the greater wonder, is that after hav-
ing been treated by this nation as they have been
treated, one of them can be found to raise his arm
for the defense of the Union. It is a marvel that
after two years of war we have not learned a les-
son , have not learned to open our eyes to the great
questions of the hour and of the day.
I hope this amendment will not prevail. I do
not know but that it may draw some money out
of the Treasury to carry out the view I have ex-
pressed, butbetterfar that there should be trouble
in this country with regard to its Treasury, than
that it should commit so great a crime as to em-
ploy men in the service of this nation, place them
m the ranks, and then forever disgrace the nation
by not paying them for the services which they
have rendered. No nation in this enlightened age,
in my humble judgment, can stand up before the
public sentiment of mankind and make such a
distinction as this. There is a principle, an ele-
vated principle, involved in this proposition.
In my humble judgment the bill which was
passed the other day never should have been
passed. The slave owes service to this nation
just as much as the freeman. Slaves are declared
m the Constitution to be " persons," and the na-
tion has just as great a claim upon an able-bodied
black slave as it has upon a free white man;and
having rendered this service to save the nation it
is the duty of the Government to mete out exact
and equal justice to this class of men, and the
nation will be disgraced if it does not do it.
Mr. President, i hope that the time has gone
by when we shall write the woid " white" or the
word " free" into any of the laws of this nation.
I hope never to see a bill introduced or passed by
Congress again where any distinction whatever
in regard to rights shall be drawn as to any class
of men in this country. And I think after one
or two .years more of fighting, if the two years
we have already had are not sufficient, and after
we shall have lost two or three hundred thousand
more men, and have spent two or three thousand
millions more of treasure, we shall learn the les-
son that we ought to have learned a year and a
half ago. I should very much rejoice if the prop-
osition which was offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who is not now present,
[Mr. Cowan,] should pass, or something very
much like if, wiping out all distinctions as to the
soldiers and putting them on an equality, that
every man who fights and shows his devotion to
the interest of this country and to the cause of the
Union shall be placed on a full and entire equal-
ity.
Mr. WILSON. I choose, Mr. President, in
legislating here, not only to be guided by princi-
ples, but to be governed by the practical issues
that present themselves for our solution. The
Senator from Minnesota has now chosen to ar-
raign the act against which he voted the other day.
I am willing that the Senator shall defend that
vote of his here arid elsewhere; and 1 must say to
him in all kindness that I think it is a vote which
he wi41 have to defend elsewhere. I am willing
that he shall denounce that measure which has
received the sanction of Congress and which the
President of the United States has sent here to-day
with his approval. That act says to eveiy slave
in the loyal States, " Enroll your name among the
defenders of the Republic, and the hour you are
mustered into our armies you are a free man for-
ever more." The Government of the United
States by that act for the first time in our history
has declared tens of thousands of slaves m the
loyai States free upon their own wiii to become
free. It is incomparably the greatest emancipa-
tion measure that was ever passed by the Con-
gress of the United States, and 1 would rather
have my name to that bill which assei ts the power
of this nation to emancipate every slave in the
countiy who will enroll ins name among the de-
fenders of the Union, than to any measure for
which my name stands recorded in lavor of the
freedom of mankind. Sir, I glory in the tote,
and I glory in that measure. Put it to the loyal
American people, this day and this hour, and it
will eairy an immense majority of the friends of
emancipation.
Now, sir, what are the facts in regard to the use
of colored men?. When the war commenced and
a few men proposed to iu>ebhick men m the ai nues
of the country, the proposition was met by a stern
resistance in the Army and out of the Army; the
public voice of the country was against it. But
as the war went on, reason assumed its empire*
prejudice began to melt away, and the necessities
of the country called fox the use of the colored
men in the armies of the United States. Then it
was that we passed through Congress, after a
stern resistance and most determined opposition
in both Houses, an act authorizing the President
to employ colored men, and to pay them the sum
of ten dollars a month.
Weare now trying to right the inequality of pay.
We have in the measure before us a proposition
to equalize the pay, uniform, clothing, arms,
equipment, organization, everything between the
white and colored soldiers in the service of the
United States. That is the measure before us.
Mr. WILKINSON. Except slaves.
Mr. WILSON. Slaves stand on thesamefoot-
ing as white men, except as to bounty. By the
law a free colored man in Maryland goes to the
recruiting officer, enrolls his name, and is mus-
tered into the service, and receives ten dollars a
month pay, but no bounty whatever. But under
the law we passed the other day, which the Sen-
ator from Minnesota denounces, the slave enlists
and receives the same pay as the freeman and his
freedom. We propose in this joint resolution to
increase the pay and put the colored man on the
same footing as the white soldier except bounty:
That we leave to be determined by the President.
We have provided, however, that by enlisting he
becomes a freeman, that his master hns no claim
upon his services in the future, and that the §300
commutation money paid under the draft, or so
much of it as a board shall determine, shallgoto
the master.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise merely to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, and itis
this in its simple form: upon what principle of
law or justice is it that he gives to the owner of
the slave, so called, the $300 bounty, and not to
the slave who becomes a soldier?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The slave gets his free-
dom.
Mr. HOWARD. I say nothingabout his free-
dom. I ask, on what principle of law or justice
is it that the Senator from Massachusetts gives
to the owner of the slave $300 bounty, and gives
nothing to the slave who becomes a soldier?
Where is the principle of justice or of law upon
which that proposition is to be supported? I de-
sire to hear the views of the Senator on that point,
with all respect to him.
Mr. WILSON. The case is a plain one, and
I think the Senator understands c^uite as well as
I do. We find slavery existing in curtain loyal
States. We claim on the part of this Govern-
ment that slaves owe duty to their country as
well as freemen, and that the Government has a
claim upon the services of slaves as well as free-
men.
Mr. HOWARD. One further question, if the
Senator pleases. If the Government has a claim
upon the services of the slave, how is it possible
that the master can have any after that claim shall
have been made? Plow can the master assert any
claim whatever aftertheGovernmenthasasserted
its claim ?
Mr. WILSON. You have a claim to the ser-
vices of your minor son. That white boy owes
service to his country, and he owes service to his
fa!her. You enlist him or y;ou draft him into the
military service; you use him; and he goes back
to his father; and'his father may claim his future
services because you have not undertaken to re-
lieve him from that claim of the father until he is
twenty-one years of age.
Mr* WILKINSON. To whom do you pay
the son's bounty ?
Mr. WILSON. The bounty is paid to the son;
but you do not relieve him from service to his
fathm aftrr his time is out in the Army. He goes
back again to his father, and the father has a
claim upon his labor and his services until he is
twenty-one years of age. You do not deny the
father's right; you have interrupted it,and when
the interruption ceases the father resumes his right.
If you take the slave and use him until his time
expiies, and theu let him go back to his master,
he would have no claim upon the Government.
I do not say that the master has any claim in
justice and equity now; but we must look at th^
