240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
SB'xif Coj>tg....1st Siss.
Laws of the United States.
the purpose of settling the Navajoe Indians, now
captivesin New Mexico, upon a reservation upon
the Pecos river, in New Mexico, for the pur-
chase of agricultural implements, seeds, and other
articles necessary for such purpose, for breaking
the ground, and for subsistence of said Indians
to the end of the next fiscal year, the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars. ,
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the said
reservation may, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, be so extended and en-
larged on the south as to include the entire valley
of the Pecos river, kitown. as the Bosque Grandg,
and that the whole of said reservation, so enlarged,
shall be designated and known as the Navajoe
and Apache reservation, and as such shall, unfU
otherwise ordered by law, be exempt from sale,
and free from all occupancy except by the said
Indians for the purposes herein mentioned; ex-
cepting such portion of the said land as is now
occupied by Fort Sumner, or as may be needed
for the use of said. post.
Sec . 2. And be Ufurther enacted, That the south-
ern Apache agency of New Mexico is hereby
abolished, and that un agent for the Kioway,
Apache, and Camanche Indians be appointed, at
a ealai y of fifteen hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXV1II.—An Act to carry into effect
a Convention between the United States of
America and the United States of Colombia.
Bt it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of giving effect to
ti convention signed by the plenipotentiaries of
the United States of America and the United States
of Colombia, on the tenth of February, eighteen
hundred andsixty-four, extending and renewing
the provisions of the convention with the repub-
lic of New Granada, of tenth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, the first eight sections of
the i( act to carry into effect conventions between
the United States and the republics of New
Granada and Costa Rica," approved February
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, he,
and the same are hereby, renewed, reenacted,
(fctid made applicable to the said convention of
tenth February, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, June 30, 18G4.
Chap CLXX1X —An Act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to appoint a Commission to
select a Site for a Navy-Yard or Naval Station
on the Western Waters, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House. of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he hereby is, authorized and empowcied to
appoint a commission consistingofone naval offi-
cer, one officer of the engineer corps, and one
civilian, to select the most approved site for a
navy-yard, or naval station, on the Mississippi
river, or upon one of its tributaries, and to report
to the next session of Congress.
Approved, June SO, 18G4.
Chap. CLXXX —An Actgrantingcertain Piiv-
ilcges to the Guardian Society of the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the use and occupancy of all that
part of reservation numbered seventeen, in the
city of Washington, lying west of Second street
cast, and east of the easterly line of New Jersey
avenue in said city, be, and the same is hereby,
granted for the period of thirty-three years to the
Guardian Society of the District of Columbia,
a corporation duly established by act of Con-
gress, approved July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two: Provided, That the said premises shail
bo used and occupied exclusively for the proper
and legitimate purposes and objects of said
Guardian Society: Jlnd provided further, That
said Guardian Society shall, within three years
from and after the approval of this act, expend,
in the erection of buildings upon said premises,
suitable for a house of industry and a widows'
and orphans' home, the sum of twenty thousand
dollars, or more, otherwise the said use, as afore-
said, be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all per-
.manent buildings and structures upon said prem-
ises shall be erected and made in accordance with
plans and specifications approved in writing and
subscribed by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings.
Sec. 3. Andbcitfurther enacted, That the rates of
expenses which are, or shall hereafter be, adopted
by the said Guardian Society, or the trustees
thereof, for the support and maintenance of the
several classes of persons described in the eleventh
section of then suid act of incorporation, shall be
approved in writing and subscribed by a majority
of thejustices of the supieme court of the District
of Columbia.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXX1 —An Act to authorize the Pres-
identof the United Suites to negotiate with cer-
tain Indians of Middle Oregon for a relin-
quishmentof ceitani Rights .secured to them by
Treaty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Preaid^nt of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to negotiate with
(he tribes known as the Confederated Indian
Tribes of Middle Oregon, for the relinquishment
of certain righis guarantied to them by the first
article of the treaty made with them April eigh-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, by which
they are permitted to fish, hunt,gather roots and
berries, and pasture stock, m common with cit-
izens of the Umied States, upon the lands and
territories of the United States outside their res-
ervations, and to defray the expenses of said
treaty, and to pay said Indians for the relinquish-
ment of said rights, that the sum of five thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
that purpose.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act in relation to the Vil-
lage of Deposit, Delaware County, New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the village of Deposit, which is
situate partly in the county of Delaware and partly
in the county of Broome, in the State of New
York, shall, for all the purposes of the postal
laws and regulations of the United States, and
the publication of the laws of the United States,
and notices and other publications in pursuance
of such laws, be regarded as within the county
of Delaware aforesaid.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXX1H.—An Act relating to the
Compensation of Pension Agents.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there shail be paid, overand above
the compensation now allowed by law, to every
pension agent disbursing fifty thousand dollars
annually, not exceeding five hundred dollars per
annum for clerk hire, rent of office, and office ex-
penses; and to every agent disbursing one hun-
dred thousand dollars annually, not exceeding
seven hundred and fifty dollars per annum; and
for every fifty thousand dollars additional, not
exceeding two hundred and fifty dollais per an-
num, for the puinoses aforesaid: Provided, That
in no case shall the amount of compensation to
any one agent exceed the sum of four thousand
dollars
Approved, Juno 30, 1864
Chap.CLXXXIV —An Act authorizing a Grant
to the State of California of the Yo-Semite
Valley, and of the Land embracing the Mari-
posa Big Tree Grove.
Be it enacted by the Sena*e and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Uruted States ofAmerica in Congress
assembled, That there shall be, and is hereby,
granted to th«* State of California the Cleft or
Gorge in the granite peak of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, situated in the county of Mariposa,
in the State aforesaid, and the headwaters of the
Merced river, and known as the Yo-Semite Val-
ley, with its branches or spurs, in estimated
length fifteen miles, and in average width one
mile back from the main edge of the precipice,
on each side of the valley, with the stipulation,
nevertheless, that the said State shall accept this
grant upon the express conditions that the prem-
ises shall be held for public use, resort, and rec-
reation; shall be inalienable for all time; but
leases not exceeding ten years may be granted
for portions of said premises. All incomes de-
rived from leases of privileges to be expended in
the preservation and improvement of the prop-
erty^ the roads leading thereto; the boundaries
to be established at the cost of said State by th&
United States surveror general of California,
whose official plat, when affirmed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, shall constitute
the evidenceof the locus,extent,and limitsof the
said Cleft or Gorge; the premises to be managed
by the Governor of the State with eight other
commissioners, to be appointed by the Executive
of California, and who shall receive no compen-
sation for their services.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall likewise be, and there is hereby, granted to
the said State of California the tracts embracing
what is known as the Mariposa Big Tree Grove,
not to exceed-the area of four sections, and to
be taken in legal subdivisions of one quarter
section each, with the like stipulation as ex-
pressed in the first section of this act as to the
State's acceptance, with like conditions as in the
first section of this act as to inalienability, yet
with same lease privilege; the income to be ex-
pended in preservation, improvement, and pro-
tection of the property; the premises to be man-
aged by commissioners as stipulated in the first
section of this act, and to be takpn in legal sub-
divisions as aforesaid; and the official plat of the
United States surveyor general, when affirmed
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
to be the evidence of the locus of the said Mari-
posa Big Tree Grove.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act authorizing the Is-
sue of Patents for Locations made with Cer-
tificates granted under authority of the Act of
Congress, approved Marcli seventeenth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, allowing Floats in
satisfaction of Lands sold by the United States
within the limits of the Las Ormegas 'and La
Nana Grants in Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That m the case of all locations made
with certificates issued under the act of Congress
approved seventeenth March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, " authorizing floats to issue in
satisfaction of claims against the United States
for lands sold by them within the Las Oimegas
and La Nana grants, 111 the State of Louisiana,
it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to cause patents to
issue for such locations, where the same may be
found bona fide and satisfactory to the said Com-
missioner.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Ciiap. CLXXXIX.—An Act to facilitate Trade
on the Red River of the North.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofRepre-
scntatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to designate and
establish such points or places upon the Red river
of the North as to him shall seem expedient for
lading and unlading the cargoes of vessels navi-
gating the said river.
Approved, July 1, JS64.
Chap. CXC.-r-An Act to Incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Railroad Company, in the District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled,That Alexander It.Shepherd, Richard
