THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juiie 10,
JAMES F. STEWART,
•Of. H. POST,'
GEORGE T. UPIIAM,
JOSEPH A. POST.
JJ. 0. CROSBY,
V. 15. HOWARD,
T. B. VALENTINE,
II. fcj. BKOOKS.
shall be paid over to Thotuas B. Valentine for the benefit
of whomsoever it may concern, and for thesale'of the bal-
ance of the claim No-. 55d, [fhe'Ortega claim,] one half of
. thr proceeds shall be paid over to Thomas 13. Valentine
lor whomsoever it may cortcerm And we, the parties of
the .first J>art, agree "with each othetthat we will each de-
dtte^from ourinterests, which We now have or may have
in consequence of ii confirmation of said claim No. 558,
that proportion which our interest bears Or may bear to
the air?opt t.which may be paid over to Thoi{xa§.B. Valen-
tine nn^ef and in pursuance of tlve forgoing agreement.
'' ft is fufther agreed that the appointment'Of the above
agent and in the prices to be fixed lor the sale of the land
above described; Thomas IS-. Valentine shall be. consulted
according to the iu^erest lie may have and may represent
in the matter, and. if -any,disagreement shall afise as to the
appointment of said agent; or as to the prices id be put
upon said laud;, then the saifie shall be sealed' by arbitra-
tion. \ • • „ • '
Jn witucss whereof the parties to these presents have
hereunto interchangeably *et their hands and seals the day
and year first above Written.
l'\ {t. Uy
• £l. S.;
L. S-.
JL. S.J
- f I . S.'
U S-
L. S.
[t S.„
In presence 6f—
E.' L. Rekson, Notary Public, ~1 J
and certified to by hun.
This agreement, made tins 20th day of January, in the
>ear of om Lord 18.">5. between Thomas JL Valentine,
claimant irr case? Nos. 45 and 8i2 before the United States
board of land-commissioners, and Bunjamin fc '. Brooks,
Es<j., .attorn«y,of itfeord for said claimant therein, of the.
om? part, and James F. Stewart, G. B. Post, GcorgeT. Up-
ham, Joseph A. Post, Voinev E. Howard, and E. O. Cros-
by, of the other pan: Witncsseth that ihc said Valentine
and brooks, lor and in consideration of the vum ot nnedol-
lar to them in hand, and of divers other good eauses and
considerations them thereunto moving, have covenanted,
promr^ed-, by those presents do covenant, promise, and
agree to ftnd with the said James F. .Stewart, G. B. Post,
Geoige T. Upham, Joseph A. Post, Volney E. Howard, and
E. 0. Crosby, thuu executors,ndmmisuatois,and assigns,
in manner and form following,-thut is to say: That the said
Valentine ami Brooks'wlH wlththtiw and discontinue'tfie
said claims Nos. 45 and 612 het'Ort* said board, at the m/it
rrauseto be with-
aud Franeesca
, January 17, in
said C.t&e !V<i. 558. and will use their hot endeavors, to pro-
cure, the confhnimion of said claim Nn 5f>8.
in witness whereof, the said Thontar. 13. Valentine and
Benjamin t*. Brooks have hereunto set their hands and
Keata the day and year fiist above written.
'ft. s,l ' T. B. VALENTINE,
[L.s.j •• 15. S. BitOOivNi
Certified to by
E L. Benson*, Notary Public.
Tin's was the agreement under which this case
got out of court, am| now they aslc the Congress
of the United States by special act to put them in
court again. Why doftupy want to gel in court
,now?. They were out.of court but a comparati vely
short time,a year or thereabout?1; I will not under-
take to be accurate in that. It will be lememhered
that the date of this agreement is 1855, and the
commission finally cea&ed in 1856. There is an
old homely adage that when rogues falliout honest
people get their rights.. ( The parties very, fcOon
quarreled; and the Qrtega men, finding the Mi-
randa men of Court, and bpwg fully satisfied
that they caujd get their claim confirmed,refused
to carry out. their part of the agreement; where-
upon the Miianda men, as 1 shall call them, the
parties now asking the passage of this act, engaged
consul, W-ent into the courts of the United States,
and up to ,the last term of the Supreme Court heltf
during this scswion of Congress, in this Capitol,
have had special counsel engaged from the day
they quarreled until the Ortega claim was finally
.rejected, ps it w-as at the last term of the Supreme
Court. The Kliranda men engaged special coun-
sel to secure its rejection They knew very well
that if the Ortega claim was confirmed, of course
they had no chance of claim at all; if the Ortega
claim was rejected then their next resort was to
comc ip Congress and get it by special act to put
them back into court again, and then use the ex-
perience of many years to find where their title
was defectrvo,and make that defect up. It is hot
hard to niake up defeats when certain classes of
witnesses are required,particularly in connection
with some of these claims in California.
Now, sir, without going any further, 1 should
like to ask what equity these pat ties have in com-
ing before Congress to put them in court. They
voluntarily withdrew fiom court, took their cases
off the docket, put themselves out of court to en-
gage in a corrupt bargain for money, for a division
of spoils, to confirm a corrupt claim to a very
large portion of valuable land in California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask the
Senator from California why he uses the term " a
corrupt claim?" Will he inform me? J think I
know more about itthan the Senator himself does.
Mr. CONNESS. My colleague is doubtless
wellinformed about some things; perhaps he is
about this;, but if my colleague will perform bis
simple^uty here, before I get through I think he
will vote.with'jne fdr the indefinite-postponement
of this bill. , ' '
Why do f call the Ortega claim a corrupt claim ?
Is that question asked me?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I asked that question.
Mr. CONNESS. The Supreme Court of the
United States have determined that it was not a
correct-claim, that it was nota claim thatdeserved
consideration, and they have rejected it. Now,
if thejMiranda claim was a good claim when it
was withdrawn by these persons voluntarily, why
did they withdraw it? I will show you that
they did not regard it as a good claim. I cannot
occupy the time of the Senate by following the
whole history of this case, but I will turn imme-
diately to the testimony of the main party in this
cause, who is doubtless in the Senate now, T. B.
Valentine. He appeared as a witness in a case
where Benjamin S. Brooks, his copartner in this
tide, sued a man named Luning for professional
services. Luning was mixed up in this claim;
he was induced atone time to loan a very large
amount of money and take a mortgage upon it.
As mortgagee he was not consulted when they
withdrew the claim, nor was ho made a party to
the withdrawal or to the bargain upon which it
was founded, A lawsuit grew up between them,
and -Valentine, who asks the passage of this bill,
cable into court and testified thus t.o save his part-
ner from paying money, to save him harmless in
tluq suit, and to establish that Lunmg lost noth-
ing by the claim being withdrawn from couit.
'• The plaintiff then called as a witness T. B. Valentino,
who being duly swoui, •said : 11 am tlw claimant under I hi'
Muaud.t giant which vv.-h below the Innd commissioner.
I know the defond.tnt's Intel est m the claim and his agree-
ment with Biook-> to prosecuto theHnim. I seaiehcd every-
where for UMimony at that tune, and four witne&ses were
examined by Brooks and their testimony taken. Biooks
likewise went Willi me to the Mission to search for evi-
dence. The result of all the investigations was that we
asceitamed fhat the IMnanda grant was never signed by the
Governor, anil was worthless. This J asoeitained from De
La Rosa, who took the grant down to yet it signed. Ascer-
taining this, wo—Btooks and myself—made a compromise
with those interested in the Ortega grant and claim.' *
* * * i I told fmn [one ot the claimants under Mi-
randa] of the proposals we had made to Stewait, ami he
said it was pcjhnps the best that eould be done with it, as
the Mhumla grant was not good, we had better get some-
thing out of it in this way; that i^, that the Miranda claims
should have part of the lanelio.' "
This is Mr. Valentine's testimony in regard
to his own title, after years of examination and
after he had withdrawn it from court. He may
have found some testimony since, but my opin-
ion is that he should not be let into court to
try it or to usfeit'. At the session of Congress of
3863, it may be remembered by some Senators
that abill pafcsed this body of a similar character
to the one now before us. While it was pending it
created a great degree of excitement in California.
The Legislature of that State were then' in ses-
sion. Kememhor, sir, that it affects the title to
most valuable property, one of our largesttowns.
Resolutions were introduced in the Legislature
asking Congress not to pass the act. They were
debated fully for 'dfrout a week;"Knd I send now
to the desk the concurient resolutions of both
Houses of the California Legislature on this par-
ticular bill and question, and ask that they be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
State of California,
Departmtnt -Ok State.
I, William II. Weeks, secretary of State of the State of
California, do hereby certify that the annexed is a .true, full,
and oonect copy of ongmal resolutions of the Legislutiue
of the State o( Calilbri'ud, adopted February 24, l£&3, now
on file in my office.
Witness my hand, and the great seal of State, at office,
_ „ , in Sacramento, California, the 2lst day of Match,
LL- S,J A. i). im.
WILLIAM H. WEEKS,
Secretary oj State.
By A. A. H. Tuttle, Deputy.
Senate concurrent resolution No. 2. Concurrent resolu-
tions relative to the Miranda claim toKanchu Arroyo de
San Antonio:
Whereas an attempt is being made to revive, by an act
of Oongress, the Miranda claim to the Itancho Arroyo de
San Antonio j and vvhweas the reviving of,said claim would
! bean actofgreatlnjusticetothe people of Sonoma county;
and whereas the public interest lequires that land titles in
, California should bo settled as speedily as poambie,, and
| when once settled should not bedisturhe'd: Therefore,
! Be it resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concurring,)
j That oui Senators in Congress are instructed, and our Rep-
resentatives requested, to oppose, the reviving or opening
| of stud claim, and also to oppose the opening ot any Mcxi
j can giant claim in California which has been settled by law.
S Resoled, That hisexcfetlency the GoVeinor be iequated
I to forward a copy of the.abovc resolutions to each of our
I delegation in Congress.'
i' Adopted, Febiuaiy 24, A. 0". 3863.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I have but
a very few words more to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER", (Mr. Foot.)
The morning hour having expired, it is incum-
bent on the Chair to call up the-special orderof the
' "Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall be allowed
to vote on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that all previous
orders be dispensed with for the purpose of taking
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think we shall get through
with this bill in a few minutes. I have no more
to say, and I should like to get a vote on it. It
is a matter of great consequence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to take up
the appropriation bill, and then by common con-
sent it may be laid aside for a few minutes to dis-
pose of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill cannotgetthrough
for an hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. Several Senators around
rtie meati to speak on it, I know.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I give way.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill which
has been under discussion during the morning
hour is already seperseded by the expiration of
the morning hour, and the consideration of the
special older of the day now comes up under t4le
rules of the Senate, "and the Senator from Maine
moves to postpone all spccialand prior orders with
a view to proceed to the consideration of the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. There is a bill upon which we
adjourned last night that I think we ought to fin-
ish, and it seems to me it is very important to act
upon it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think we can finish the
Indian appropriation bill to-day. If the Senate
think there is anything of more importance, of
course 1 must yield. It is a question for the Sen-
ate to decide.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to remarkjas
my colleague has remaiked m regard to himself,
that 1 have a bill also which was under consider-
ation and on which 1 desire to get a vote. I doubt
whether.there will be touch mo it* debate upon it.
It is a bill to create a Freedmen's Bureau; I am
very sorry to see it get out of place; and if I al-
lude to it now, it is not to interpose any objection
to the motion of the Senator from Maine, but, as
I have said on another occasion, by way of con-
tinual claim, as I want to get the bill before the
Senate that it may be in condition to be acted
upon just as, soon as possible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 feel bound to bring the
Lndian appropriation bill to the consideration of
the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, On reflection I will yield to
allow that bill to be taken up,in the hope that we
may be able to get through with it to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think we can get it
through to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was a special order
made for to-day: the bill (H. R. No. 421) irrre-
gard to the Congressional Globe. 1 do not pro-
pose, however, to piess it against the Senator
from Maim*, because I know that I should fail if
I attempted to do so.
The PRESIDING.OFF1CER. The Chair will
j state that there are two special orders for to-day,
| one by special vote of the Senate and the other
l the unfinished business of yesterday. The House
bill (No. 421) to pay in part for publishing the
debates of Congress, and forother purposes, was
assigned for to-.da.y at one o'clock as a special
order. The unfinished business of yesterday,
however, supersedes the consideration of that bill,
as it takes precedence among the special orders,
and that unfinished business is the bill (S. No.
2SG) to prevent the discharge of persons from
