mi 0 0 N"GIIESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Rot to permit the organization of another bank
under it.
In saying this I am not saying that I am favor-
able to the system of bsinking that we have been
imjiilging in for a great number of years in this
cpuntry, I know the curses of that system, and
Iwas very much pleased at the very able argi}-
ment m§4e against,that system by the Senator
from Ohio, on tfte introduction of bis bill" at the
It\s,t session of Congress. I felt it and appreciated
it, and I appreciate it now; but I undertake to
say that the time .will come under this so-called
national banking system when we shall all admit
that ye have not bettered the condition of things
in this country by it. This is not the time for ipe
,to present my.objections to the system entirely,
although it might be properly done on the amend-
ment now proposed, because of the fact that it
brings up the question of authorizing an immense
moneyed-corporation in this country to flood.the
cpuntry with additional paper. It might be ar-
gued on the question of agreeing to such an amend-
ment, but I decline to do so at this moment.
But, sir, on the grounds that I have already
mentioned, 1 do sincerely hope that this propo-
sition will not be tolerated. In the first place, it
is not desirable, in myjudgment, that any more
banks should have the privilege of issuing paper
money under the provisions of an act of this kind.
In the second place, even if that be desirable, it
is certainly not proper to make an exception in
favor of any corporation whatever in the coun-
try; and much less is it proper m the face of the
.world for us to say that we shall make that ex-
ception in favor of a banking institution in this
country that certainly has power enough. Will
it not be said at once thatCongress is giving way
before theimmense moneyed concernsin the coun-
try.' 1 care not how favorable that bank may
have been to the Government. I suppose that in
all the favor it has ever shown the Government
it has reaped its just reward. If it has not, it is
the first banking institution—1 care not where it
tnay'fae located—that did not think it was doing
well in its transactions. I apprehend that the
Bank of Commerce lias realized something, a fair
remuneration forall the favois it has ever shown
the Government; and in saying this, I again re-
peat that I feel favorable to the Bank of Com-
merce; I look upon it as one of the most solvent
institutions in the country; and in fact if it will
continue its business without issuing papur of
any sort, it will do a great service to the coun-
try. It has already gained its reputation, its
character, its stability, its permanency, its power
in this country by its neglect to issue paper money.
It did at one time have a small circulation out; I
believe it has scarcely any now; and it will retain
its reputation decidedly better if it shall neglect to
Lssye any circulation whatever.
There are institutions in the West—I could
name to the gentleman one, anyhow, in the city
of St, Louis that has a surplus reserve fund ot
over one hundred per cent, upou its capital stock,
but I do not ask an exception in favor of that in-
stitution. It is an institution that, like the Bank
of Commerce, has not issued a dollar of circula-
tion, a bank of deposit, doing all sorts of bank-
ing business, but without issuing paper.
1, for one, under the circumstances, will not
commit myself in favor of making any exception
for the benefit of any bank, and much less will I
do it in favor of such a corporation as this.
What will be said throughout the community?
I know the Finance Committee were not operated
on by any feelings of that sort, and I arm satisfied
that not a single member of this body will be
operated on by any feelings of that character
though they may vote for it; but it will make us
liable to the charge that we are already felling
subject to influences of an improper character on
the part of the moneyed institutions of the coun-
try.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By looking at the bill,
the Senate will perceive that as reported from the
committee originally this particular clause was
struck out of the bill, from which the Senate will
infer that the Committee on Finance was opposed
to making the exception which has been spoken
of by the Senator from Ohio. The committee,
however, was induced to reconsider this conclu-
sion, and the result of that reconsideration is the
amendment proposed this morning by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The Senator from Missouri will perceive, I
think, on reflection, that his argument with refer-
ence to the currency is of no force in connection
with this question, because the amount of cur-
rency that can be issued under the bill is fixed and
limited; and if that currency is not issued by the
Bank of Commerce, it will be issued by some
other bank, probably one not having the stand-
ing a"nd the ability of the Bank of Commerce. It
makes no difference to the country in that point
of view, so far as the quantity of currency is con-
cerned , whether it is issued by the Bank of Com-
merce in part, or'by some h^lf a dozen or dozen
or more small banks which issue the same amount
in gross. It does not follow that the currency
will not be just as much inflated if you keep the
Bank of Commerce out as it will be if you let it
in. The amount, as I said before, is fixed by
the law, and if the Bank of Commeice comes in
as one bank, with the power to issue a certain
amount of currency, it only takes that power from
somebody else.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggesttotheSen-
ator that perhaps he misunderstood that branch
of my argument. I may not have been specific
enough. I said "that so far as I was concerned,
instead of granting an exemption to the Bank of
Commerce over and above all other banks, I
would go to the extent of prohibiting the forma-
tion of any more banks under this system, be-
cause I do not want any more currency under a
banking system like this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So far, then, as that part
of tile Senator's argument is concerned, on which
he dwelt at considerable length, it has no applica-
tion to the question under consideration, but is
father an argument against the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that, then, I have
nothing tosay. I take for gran ted, therefore, that
the position which I assumed, that it makes no
difference, so far as the currency is concerned,
whether you let the Bank of Commerce in by this
provision or nof, is si correct position.
Mr. HENDERSON*. I would prefer that the
Bank of Commerce should be placed in the same
position with other banks. Because it is a bank
of large means I would prefer that the Bank of
Commerce should do it rather than an infinite
number of smaller banks, and at the last session
I proposed an amendment to prohibit the estab-
lishment of small bunks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the argument is in
favor of letting in the Bank of Commerce, so fat-
as relates to the currency, and would rather go to
support the exception in this case than to operate
against it, and that was the idea that 1 had.
The question becomes, then, a very simple one.
I would not, on any consideration applicable to
the Bank of Commerce or any other institution,
for its benefit, or out of any regard for it, or as
an acknowledgment of any services it had ren-
dered, or for any reasoti connected with the institu-
tion itself, make the exception. ! n fact I was from
the beginning strongly opposed to making an ex-
ception, but a reconsideration brought the com-
mittee to the conclusion of which I spoke, and in
that conclusion I concurred.
The view upon which the proposed change was
made is simply that it will be for the advantage
oS the country in putting this new system into
operation, it will be for the advantage of the sys-
tem itself, that an institution so strong and well
disposed as this institution is should have the op-
portunity to become one of the national banks
under this system. In fact, I can readily imag-
ine why the Bank of Commerce should desire to
come under this system if it wishes lo be a bank
of circulation. As 1 understand the banking law
of the State of New York under which this insti-
tution exists as it now stands, it being so farcon-
tioiled by its original articles of copartnership
that it cannot render its individual stockholders
personally liable, it cannot be a bank of circula-
tion, because every bank in New Yoi k is prohib-
ited from being a bank of circulation unless with
a provision for the individual liability of the
stockholders. As the Bank of Commerce cannot
have the individual liability, it cannot circulate
bills under the laws of New York. It was a mat-
ter of necessity, therefore, that it should cease to
he a bank of cumulation altogether. If itdesires
now to become a bank of circulation, that would j
be one good reason to explain why it wishes to i
come in under this system, although the amount
of profit that is made from circulation in the city
of New York is considered of very little conse-
quence compared*with the profits derived from
other banking operations.
The advantage that the Government supposes
it will gain is this: a large portion of the banks
of New York, the clearing-house force, may be
opposed to this system, and it may operate slowly
there; and it therefore becomes a matter of ad-
vantage and a matter of importance, or may be-
come a matter of importance that a bank wielding
the power that this bank does, having the laVge
capital, having the large surplus, having thagood
character that it has, and the power to influence
others, should form a part of the system which
we propose to put m operation. If there was any
mode by which it could come in under the system
as it is framed, it would not ask for this special
provision. It is out of its power possibly to do
so. The question, therefore, is whether you will
let them in or must they stay out; will you let
that bank in, or must it be kept out? The ques-
tion of individual liability is of no consequence
to them. They have no sort of objection to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me suggest to the
Senator that there are numbers of banks in the
various States of the Union in a similar condition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. There is not
a bank in the country in a similar condition, as I
am informed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not exactly in a pre-
cisely similar condition; but are there not banks
who cannot enter into this.systam for the same
reason, who cannot commence banking under this
system without dragging in some recusant or re-
fusing stockholders who might prevent banking
under it? Are there notbanks in various sections
of the country whose stockholders cannot be
brought in under this system by a majority vote?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that there
is not another bank in the country which is
founded on ai tides of copartnership. It is the
only one; it is peculiar.
Mr. SHERMAN. As it turns upon that, I
will state that I took occasion to mqune of dif-
ferent bunking gentlemen who opposed this sys-
tem. There is no other bank in the United States
which is really a copartnership. All the rest are
organized under general banking laws or special
acts of incorporation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine if he thinks that a majority ot
the stockholders of a bank can lake a niinoiity
into this system, even under an ordinary bank
charter in the States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a question which
I am not prepared to answer, it depends en-
tirely on the terms of the charter.
Mr. HENDERSON. What I mean to say is
that under the provisions of the charters, you
cannot force the minority into banking under this
system in the different States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be; but it is
in the power of the Legislature of the State to
change the charter and waive the objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a vested right in
the minority of the stockholders.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not such a vested right
but that it may be altered by consent of the Legis-
lature. The Legislature may give the power.
Mr. HENDERSON. TheLegislature, though,
cannot, by its authority, change a corporation
without tiie consent of the minority of the stock-
holders.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think thatdoes notfol-
low, because almost invariably, and I suppose in
point of fact, it is invariably the case, the power
to change the charter is retained by the Legisla-
ture.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Maine if it is not in the power of the cor-
porators or the acting directors of the Bank of
Commerce to apply to the Legislature of the
State of New York to absolve them fiom this
stipulation in their articles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mi. GRIMES. Where is the difference be-
tween a charter held under a State and this indi-
vidual contract entered into by the parties between
themselves?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difference is, thatthis
institution is founded on articles of copartnership
that the State cannot change. It is very different
