THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
practical facts as they exist. The master claims
the services of the slave, and you step in and de-
clare that those services are forever ended, that
the slave is a freeman, that much he has secured.
Then we say to the master that the $300 commu-
tation money paid in,or#o much of it as a board
shall award, he shall have in extinguishment of
his claim as a consideration for the freedom that
we have given to his slave.
Slavery exists in the country by local author-
ity. Patriotism demands that we get rid of it be-
cause it stands in the way of the unity of the coun-
try and the strength, stability, and fame of the
country. Congress has adopted this provision
as the best under the circumstances to accomplish
the desired object. I think it wise. I am willing
that the Senator from Minnesota shall think oth-
erwise; I do'not rebuke him for voting against
it: I hardly recognizc his right to arraign mo for
voting for it.
There stands this great measure, the greatest
anti-shivery measure ever passed by Congress.
1 think it will destroy slavery in any State in a
hundred days after the Government shall enter
upon its execution. Suppose the Government
should Kay to the slaves in Kentucky, the only
loyal Suite that carries the flag of slavery, " En-
list into the service of the United States those of
you who are fit for military duty, and from that
hour^ou arc freemen forever," would not the re-
sult be to take the vigorous young manhood among
the slaves of the State? Then what would the
slave system in that State be worth?
Mr. WILKINSON. With the consent of the
Senator I should like to ask him a question. If
you should say to the slaves of Kentucky, "Come
into the service of the United States, enlist and
servn the Government in its armies, and we will
not only give you freedom, bat wo will give you
the bounty besides," would not that be at least
equally anti-slavery?
M;\ W iLSON. Certainly it would be equally
anti-slavery, and I wish it coL'ld be so; but the
Senator knows that such a measure had not the
shadow of a chance to pass this Congress.
Mr. WILKINSON. The reason it cannot pass
is because the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs will not bring in and
sustain such a measure.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the Senatoi
to refer to the measure last passed or the one
pending?
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 refer to a bill provid-
ing for the employment of slaves and giving them
the bounty which you now give to the masters.
I understood the Senator to say that such a meas-
ure had no chance to pass Congress.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the Senator
to refer to the act we have passed amendatory of
the enrollment bill, by which we agreed to pay
$800 to the muster, or to future legislation?
Mr. WILKINSON. Future legislation.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator means future
legislation, I am willing to follow him or cooper-
ate with him in doing full justice to the slave
who enters our armies. I am trying to secure
practically all I can now secure. General Butler,
to whom the Senator has referred, says he has
authority to pay ten dollars, and that is as good
as a larger amount. He has put four or five thou-
sand colored persons into the service, paying them
■the bounty of ten dollars. lie says, however,
that two or three months' pay in advance would
be for the benefit of the enlisted colored soldier.
Sir, we propose by the measure pending before
the Senate to equalize the pay, equalize everything
but the bounties, and we authorize the President
to pay the sum of $100 to colored persons where
ever he shall deem it necessary. The drafted
white man gets #100 now; the drafted black man
gets nothing at all by the present law. Now we
propose to put them on an equality with regard
to pay, and we leave it with the Government to
pay $100 bounty in sectionsof the country where
it is necessary. We have notarrived atthat con-
dition when we can afford to squander the re-
sources of the Government. I will go as far as
the man who goes furthest in using money to ex-
terminate the system of slavery, the cause of all
our woes; but I feel to-day, as X have felt from
the time the first gun was fired in this rebellion,
that the only danger of the country is the want
of money to carry on the war. I think we have
made a great mistake that we have not increased,
and increased largely, our taxation, and I desire a
system of taxation that will double or treble the
taxes now put upon the country. If we had
raised $500,000,000 more than we have raised
during the last two years by taxation, we should
have saved more than that in the expenses of the
Government and the people.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I know what is the exact question be-
fore the Senate. I understand the proposition
made by the member from Vermont, because he
explained it himself, and perhaps I understand
the amendment suggested by the member from
Massachusetts; but I rise not so much for the
purpose of addressing myself to the questions
which strictly arise upon either of those amend-
ments as to say a word or two in reply to the
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] and
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] who
have participated in this debate. I listen, of
course, in common with all the Senate, to every-
thing that falls from them with all deference and
respect. I understood the honorable member
from Minnesota to say that as far as he was in-
formed the masters of the slaves who had been
enlisted into the service of the United States have
not participated at all in that service themselves.
Mr. WILKINSON. I intended to apply my
remarks to the insurrectionary districts, to the
States in rebellion. What I said was suggested
by a report of the escape of our prisoners from
Richmond, and had allusion more particularly to
the white slaveholders in the rebellious States.
Mr. JOHNSON. That in some measure gets
rid of what I supposed was the injustice that
would have been the result of the Senator's state-
ment unexplained. 1 was about to' say that if I
understood him correctly, (and the public may
understand him as I do when his remaiksare pub-
lished,) I understood him to say that the masters
had not shown as much loyalty as the slaves.
Now, Mr. President, speaking for Maryland, I
think I am at liberty to say that there is no class
of our citizens more devoted to the Union, and
more determined to use all their effort physical
and pecuniary to extinguish this rebellion, than a
great portion of the slaveholders in the State; and
they have done it, too, notwithstanding influences
which perhaps if they had existed in othei States
might have proved sufficient to weaken at least
the patriotic energies that are now there exerted.
The most of them have owned very many slaves;
their fortune consisted in part in the possession
*of that property; but, notwithstanding that, they
were anxious, as 1 have heard them say over and
over again, not in individual cases, but in many
cases, that if the rebellion could be extinguished
and could only be extinguished by the immediate
emancipation of their own slaves, no matter what
might be the effect upon them of such a result,
they would willingly meet the sacrifice. They
are much more wedded to the Union than they
are wedded to any of their mere local institutions,
and especially more than they are wedded to the
particular institution which now, I thank God, as
they do, very many of them, is about to expiie in
Maryland.
The honorable member fi om Minnesota in order
to make good his statement deemed it proper to
read to the Senate certain letters which have ap-
peared in the newspapers of the day, and as I
understood him, or rather as I understood the cor-
respondent upon whose authority he spoke, the
black men in this last expedition which General
Butler fondly supposed he could moke in the en-
tire ignorance of those who were to be surprised,
evinced much more gallantry, much more endur-
ance, and, as far as gallantry and endurance were
concerned as evidences of patriotism, much more
patriotism than the white soldiers with whom
they were associated. I should like to know of
the hontnable member from Minnesota where
those white soldiers came from?
Mr. WILKINSON. I think the Senator from
Maryland mistakes entirely. There was nothing
said about patriotism; it was physical endurance
that was spoken of; and the report says that while
many white soldiers fell out of the ranks from
exhaustion, not one black man left the ranks on
that march. It was a mere question of physical
endurance.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is very likely the case.
Then the comparative absence of physical endui-
ance on the part of the white in comparison with
the black soldiers who were in that expedition
was, if I am correct, to be found in the ranks of
soldiers not taken from the slave States. Now,
I do not know what may be the physical endur-
ance of soldiers who comp from the State of Min-
nesota, or the State of Massachusetts, or any-
where else. I know what their gallantry is; I
know what their bravery is; and I know that they
are capable of achieving almost anything that
any soldiery has proved itself in the past capable
of achieving; but I think it by no means follows
that because the institution of slavery is to be
found in any one State all these qualities are not
to be exhibited precisely to the same extent as
they are to be found in the free States. For what
is the difficulty that we are now meeting? Who
are the men against whom we have been battling
for three years? For the most part slaveholders,
brought up with that institution around them,
with all its influences upon them; but we know,
and we know to our cost, that in point of endur-
ance, as well as in point of everything else that
makes men gallant and brave in the field, they are
not behind our own troops—not better, I admit,
butnot inferior. Nobody dislikes the institution
more than I do; nobody is more awarre of the sad
effects that it has upon people in very many par-
ticulars; but speaking upon the strength of the
philosophic remark made by Mr. Burke years
and years ago, when England was attempting to
fasten us with what we considered slavery, there
is in the institution itself an influence which makes
a man cling to the freedom which he possesses
with an undying grasp.
Now, sir, as to the honorable member from
Michigan, I have but a word to say. He seems
to think—and my friend to whom 1 have just re-
fen ed appears to be of the same opin ion—that noth-
ing has beengiven to the slave. Nothing? That
is astonishing to my mind. What was his con-
dition before ? That of a slave. What were the
consequences of it as far as we had any reason to
judge,and what would have been the consequences
of it if this rebellion had succeeded, and the re-
bellion had succeeded in taking within its grasp
all the loyal border States? Slavery for them-
selves and for their posterity forever. What do
we tell them? "Come into the service of the
United States and you shall be free, you and
yours; the shackles that have bound your limbs
shall fall from them; you shall stand erect in the
presence of your Makeras free as any white man
who treads the soil." Is that nothing?
But is that all ? The momenthe does it he gets
the same pay with the white soldier, and you have
passed a bill already that gives him not only the
same pay but the same bounty in the future. Is
that nothing? But the proposition of the honor-
able members is that you are to go back, make
your legislation retroactive, pay them the bounty
from the first. What is to be the result upon the
Treasury? The loyal mastergetshis$100 in one
class of cases, and $300 in the other, and you
propose now to give to the slave from the time he
enters the service of the United States $300. What
draft will that not be upon the resources of the
country ?
The honorable member from Minnesota has
told us that it is not a question of money. It is
a question of money, Mr. President. I share
not in the apprehension that fills now the public
mind that the war is to terminate, and disastrously
for the United States, because of the failuie of our
financial ability. I share not in that despair, pro-
vided but only provided that Congress and the
Executive husband their resources, spend noth-
ing except what is necessary to achieve the end
that we have in view. That done, economy of
expenditure, fidelity in the executive depart-
ment—I do not mean the higher officers—fidelity
in every branch of the executive department,
honesty in a word, as well as an intelligent ap-
propriation of the finances of the country for the
purposes to which they ought to be applied, and
we have resources enough to carry on the war
for years. The enormous debt which we have
already accumulated has been owing in a great
measure to the absence of these securities. I
blame not the President. He was new, and al-
most any man would have been new, to the exi-
gencies which surrounded him. He came from
a village of comparative unimportance in the great
West. His life had been spent in the honorable
prosecution of his profession, within a compara-
