1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Laws of the United States;.
38m Cong..;.Is®
Wallneh, Lewis Clephane, Samuel P. Brown,
Nathaniel Wilson, Franklin Tenney, Matthew
G. Emery, Safruiel Fowler, John Little, .J. C.
IVlcKelden, Sayles J. Bowcn, John H- Semmes,
D. C. Forney, William W. Rapley, William G.
Mooie, Thomas Lewis, John B. Keasbey, and
Charles H. Nichols, and their associates and as-
signs, be, and they are hereby, created a body-
corporate, under the name of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company, with authority to construct
and lay down a double-track railway, with the
necessary switches and turnouts, in the city of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, through
and along the following avenues and streets:
Commencing at the junction of A street north
and New Jersey avenue, at the north side of the
Capito!; along the east side of New Jersey avenue
to D street north; along D street north, and along
C street north and Indiana avenue to the inter-
section of D street north with Indiana avenue;
along Indiana avenue, D street north, and Lou-
isiana avenue to Fifth street west; along Fifth
street west to F street north; along F street north
to Fourteenth street west; along Fourteenth street
west to 1 street north; along I street north, across
Pennsylvania avenue, to the junction of New
Hampshire avenue, and Twenty-Third street
west; thence along New Hampshire,avenue to
the Circle. Also, a double or single-track branch
railway, commencing at the intersection of D
street north and New Jersey avenue; alongNew
Jersey avenue to Massachusetts avenue; along
Massachusetts avenue to H street north; and
along H street north to Seventeenth street west,
intersecting the double-track road Also, a double
or single-track road from the intersection of Fif-
teenth street west and I street north, connecting
with the double-track road at Fifteenth street
west; along I street north to New Yoik avenue;
along New York avenue to Ninth street west;
and along Ninth street west to the Washington
canal; with the privilege of extending the said
branch road at any time along Ninth street west,
to &1 street north, along M stieet north to Twelfili
street west, and along Twelfth street west lo the
"Washington cunal'aud Maryland avenue to the
Potomac river, with the right to run public car-
riages thereon drawn by horse power, receiving
therefor a rate of fare not exceeding five cents a
passenger, for any distance between the termini
of eitherof the said main railway, or between the
termini of either of said branch lailways, or be-
tween either terminus of said main railway and
the terminus of eitherof said blanch railways:
Provided, That the use and maintenance of the
said road shall be subject to the municipal regu-
lations of the city of Washington within its cor-
porate limits.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said
road[s] shall be deemed real estate,and they, to-
gether with other real property and personal prop-
erty of said body-corporate, shall be liable to
taxation, as other real estate and personal prop-
erty, and to license for their vehicles or cars m
the cities aforesaid, except as hereinafter pro-
vided; and that all other corporations in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, heretofore organized for like
purposes, shall be subject to pay license as pio-
vided in this section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
railway shall be laid in the center of the avenues
and streets (excepting New Jersey avenue, and
there it shall belaidas hereinbefore provided for,)
as near as may be, without interfering with or
passing over the water or gas pipes, in the most
approved manner adapted for street railways,
with rails of the most approved patterns, to be
determined by the Secretary of the Interior, laid
upon an even surface with the pavement of the
streets; and the space between the two tracks
shall not be less than four feet, nor more than six
feet; and the carriages shall not be less than six
feet ill width, the gauge to correspond with that
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Sec. 4 ■And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation hereby created shall be bound to
keep said tracks, and for the space of two feet
beyond the outer rail thereof, and also the space
between the tracks, aL all times well paved and in
good order, without expense to ihe United States
or to the city of Washington.
New Series—No. 16.
Sec. 5 And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall prevent the Government at any
time,.at their option, from altering the grade or
otherwise improving all avenues and streets oc-
cupied by said roads, or the city of Washington
from so altering or improving such streets and
avenues, arid the sewerage thereof, as may be
under their respective authority and control; and
in such event it shall be the duty of said-company
to change their said railroad so as to conform to
such grade and pavement.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That this act
may at any time be altered, amended, or repealed
by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
said body-corporate to issue any note, token,de-
vice, scrip, or other evidence of debt to be used
as a currency.
Sec. 8. Andbe it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock of said company shall be not less than
two, nor more than five, hundred thousand dol-
lars, and that the stock shall be divided into shares
of fifty dollars each, and shall be deemed per-
sonal property transferable in such manneras the
by-laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 9. Andbeit further enacted, That the said
company shall place first-class cars on said rail-
ways, with all the modern improvements for the
convenience and comfort of "passengers, and shall
run cars thereon during thedayas often as every
four minutes on the loute from the Capitol, via
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot and De-
partments, to the Circle; and on the otherroutes
once in fifteen minutes each way, and until twelve
o'clock at night as often as every half hour; and
throughoutday and nightas much oftener us pub-
lic convenience may require.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said
company shall procure such passenger rooms,
ticket offices, stables, and depots at such points
as the business of the railroad and the conven-
ience of the public may require. And the said
company is hereby authorized to lay such rails
through transverse or other- streets as may be
necessary for the exclusive purpose of connect-
ing the said stables and depots with the mam
tracks. And the said company is hereby au-
thorized to purchase or lease such lands or build-
ingsas may be necessary for the passenger rooms,
ticket offices, stables, and depots above men-
tioned.
Sec 11. And be it further enacted, That all arti-
cles of value that may be inadvertently left.in any
of the cars or other vehicles of the said company
shall be taken to their principal depot, and en-
tered in a book of record of unclaimed goods,
which book shall be open to the inspection of the
public at all reasonable hours of business.
" Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That within
five days after the passage of this act the corpo-
rators named in the firs&section, or a majority of
them, or if any refuse or neglect to act, then a
majority of the remainder, shall cause books of
subscription to the capital stock of said company
to be opened and kept open, in some convenient
and accessible place in the city of Washington,
from nine o'clock m the forenoon till five o'clock
in the afternoon, for a period to be fixed by said
corporators, not less than two days, unless the
whole stock shall be sooner subscribed for, and
said corporators shall give public notice, by ad-
vertisement in the daily papers published in the
city of Washington, of the time when and the
place where said books shall be opened. And
subscribers upon said books to the capital stock
of the company shall be held to be stockholders:
Provided, That every subscriber shall pay at the
time of subscribing twenty-five per centumof the
amount by him subscribed to the treasurer ap-
pointed by the corporators, or his subscription
shall be null and void: Provided further, That
nothing shall be received m paymentof the twen-
ty-five per centum at the time of subscribing ex-
cept money: Provided further, That no person
shall be allowed to subsenbefor more than fifteen
thousand dollars. And when the books of sub-
scription to the capital stock of said company
shall be closed, the corporators named in the first
section, or a majority of them, and in case any
of them refuse or neglect to act, then a majority
of the remainder, shall, within twenty days there-
after, call the first meeting of fhe stockholders of
said company, to meet within ten days thereafter
for the choice of directors, of which public notictf
shall be gwen for five days in two public news-
papers published daily in the city of Washing"
ton, or by written personal'ftotice to eafch stock-
holder by the clerk of the corporation.- And iff
all meetings of the stockholders each share shall
entitle the holder to one! vote, to be given in per-
soh or by proxy.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That trie gov-
ernment and direction of the affairs of the com-
pany shall be vested in the board of directors,
seven in number, who-shall be stockholders,and
who shall hold their office for one year,and till
others are duly" elected and qualified to take their
places as directors. And the said directors (a
majority of whom, {he president being one, Shall
be a quorum) shall elect one of their number to
be president of the board, who shall also be pres-
ident of the company; and they shall also choose
a treasurer, who shall give bonds with surety to'
said company, ill suoh' sum as the said directors
may require,' for the faithful discharge of his
trust. In .case of a vacancy in the board of di-
rectors by the death, resignation, or otherwise,
of any director, the vacancy occasioned thereby
shall be filled by the remaining directors.
Sec. 14. And be%tfurther enacted, Thatthe di-
rectors shall have full power to make and pre-
scube such by-laws, rules, and regulations as
they shall deem needful and proper, touching tho
disposition and management of the stock, prop-
erty, estate, and effects of the company, notcon-
trary to the charter, or to the laws of the United
States and the ordinances of the city of Wash-
ington: Provided, That there shall be no regula-
tion excluding any person from any car on ac-
count of color.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be an annual meeting of the stockholders,
for choice of directors, to be holden at such time
and place, under such conditions, and upon such
notice, as the said company in their by-laws may
prescribe; and said directors shall annually make
a report in writing of their doings to the stock-
holders.
Sec.16. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall have at all times the free and un-
interrupted use of the roadway. And if any per-
son or persons shall willfully and unnecessarily
obstruct or impede the passage on or over said
railway, or any part thereof, or shall injure or
destroy the cars, depot stations, or any property
belonging to said railway company, the person
or persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for
every such offense the sum of five dollars to said
company, to be recovered and disposed of as
other fines and penalties in said cities; and shall
remain liable, in addition to said penalty,forany
loss or damage occasioned by his, her, or their
act, as aforesaid; but 110 suit shall be brought
unless commenced within sixty days after such
offense shall have been committed.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That unless
said corporation shall make and complete their
said railways between the Capitol andSeventeenth
street west within four months after the company
shall have been organized, and the railways on
the other routes herein described within one year
after the company shall have been organized,
then this act shalfbe null and void,and no lights
whatsoever shall be acquired under it.
Sec. 18. Andbeit further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts heretofore passed which are in-
consistent with any of the provisions of this act
are, for the purposes of this act, hereby repealed,
so far as the same are inconsistent herewith.
Sec. 19. Andbeit further enacted. That each of
the stockholders in the Metropolitan Railroad
Company shall be individually liable for all the
debts and liabilities of said company toan amount
equal to the amount of stock held by such stock-
holder.
Sec, 20. And be it further enacted, That the
said railroad company shall keep in good repair
and in clean condition the flagstones or cross-
walks leading to, upon, and over their tracks at
the crossings of the several streets which inter-
sect their railroad, removing therefrom snow
