1864.
THE CONGEESSIOMM/' GBOBl.
liability to military duty by reason of the pay-
ment of money.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to ask what be-
comes of the other special order, tlifc bill in regard
to {1\q Congressional Globe? Does that lose its
ptace cntiieiy ?
The PRESI DING OFFICER. That depends
on whether it is thrown over beyond this day by
the consideration of other business-.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to take it up
and make it the special order for some time when
•we can consider it. J suppose if it be made the
special order for any day at one o'clock, it will
then always be superseded by the unfinished busi-
ness of the preceding day. Jf it should be made
the special order for any later hour, say two
o'clock, would it then come up regularly in its
order at the proper time in preference to the bill
at that time under consideration ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such a mo-
tion would hardly be in order at this time, as there
is a motion pending, that made by the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. SHERMAN, If the Senator from Maine
insists on his motion, I shall as a matter of course
vote for it, although I know the importance of
taking a vote on the bill reported by the Senate*:
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson-.] I think we
ought to dispose of that bill, and I think we can
do it this morning1 without further debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If 1 thought it could be
done without further debate, I should have no
objection; but I know we cannot do that. I hope
Senators will allow me to take up the Indian ap-
propriation bill and the fortification bill which
stand in their way, the fortification bill will take
but a very short time, and then 1 shall consent
to let them have next week for other business,
and they can battle for what business shall be
taken up free from the appropriation bilis entire-
ly. I expect to be engaged all next week in a
committee of conference, and it will be impossi-
ble for me then to give any attention to the ap-
propriation bills. It is important to pass them
here and let them go back to the other House for
action on our amendments. It is important for
the public business, I think, that the Indian ap-
propriation bill should be disposed of promptly,
and therefore, with gieatdeference to Senators,!
insist on my motion, and 1 should like to have
the sense of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Maine to
postpone all prior orders and to take up for con-
sideration the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOWE. Before proceeding with the bill
which has just been taken up, I ask the consent
of the Senate to allow me to make a report from
a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the leport, if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses? on the amendments to the bill (II. It. 1
No 198) making appropriations? for the support of the Anny ;
for the year ending the 30th June, 1865, having met, after ;
full and free conierence have agieed to recommend and do i
recommend to their respective Houses an follows: j
That the House leeede from their amendment to the J
seventh amendment of the Senate and agiee to the same. I
That the Douse recede from their disagreement to the !
eighth amendment of the Senate, and agieeto the bsune I
with an amendment as follows, and the Senate agic to
the same: stuke out nil after the enacting clause (being j
bcetion four) and inseit in lieu thereof the following: i
That ail peivon« of eolor who were tree on the 19th j
day of Apul, ibf>t, and who have been enlisted and mus- ]
tered into the military &eivice of the United States, felmll j
fiotn the lime of their enlibhm'iit be entitled to receive the !
pay, bounty, and clothing allowed to &ueh peisons by the ii
laws existing at the time oftheir enlistment. And the At- i.
toiuey General of the United States is heiebj auflion/ed J
to determine any question of law arising under thi< pto- '
vision. And if the Attorney General aloresaid shall de-
termine that any of such"enlisted persons aie entitled to
rcceoe any pa>, bounty, or clothing in addition to what"
they have aheady received, the Seeietary of War shall
make all necessary regulations to enable the pay depart-
ment to make payment in .iceoid.'iice with &ucii deteun-
iiMtion.
That the Senate reccde from their ninth amendment. .
T. O, HOWE, *
L. M. MORU1LL,
C. It. BUOKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THADDKUS STEVENS.
THOMAS T. DAVIrf,
Managers on the pent oj the House,
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of
the Senator Irom Wisconsin how that loaves the
case, for instance, of the colored troops enlisted
in South Carolina?
Mr. HOWE. It makes no provision for the
pay of colored troops unless they are persons
who were free at the breaking out of this war.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator is aware th$t
there are two regiments, very faithful and noble
regiments, that were gathered together at Hilton
Head and at Beaufort, mainl y freedmen from South
Carolina, and the claim has been made for them
to be put upon the same footing with the other
colored regiments who receive thirteen dollars a
month.
Mr. HOWE. Itwas, I believe, the opinion of
the committee that if the law gives any class of
these colored persons any more pay than they
have already received, they will at some time get
it; but just now, in order to settle the controversy
arising upon this appropriation bill, it was not
thought best to go any further than to provide
for adjusting the dispute which arises on a ques-
tion of law, as 1 understand it, as to the amount
of pay that that class of colored people who were
free at the breaking out of the war are entitled to.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator, it seems to
me, has not covered the whole case, that is as-
suming that the Senator is, as he doubtless is, a
party to this amendment. As I understand, there
are two regiments in South Carolina and also four
in Louisiana, a large number of the soldiers in
which were once slaves, who were enlisted under
a promise of thirteen dollars a month, but they
have never received it. So far as they were slaves,
they will be excluded from the thirteen dollars a
month under this amendment, as I understand it.
The amendmentis limited fo those who were free
on the 19th of April, 1861; and of course, there-
fore, it embraces the Massachusetts regiments,
and so far as I am a Senator from Massachusetts
fhat contents me; but then as one interested in the
adjustment of this question on principles ofjustice,
and in securing the rights of all enlisted men in
every partof the country, which I am free to say
I have at heart not less than securing the rights
of those enlisted in Massachusetts, the amend-
ment is not satisfactory, it is notcomplete, it does
not go far enough. 1 think it had better lie on
the table for the present, that we may have an op-
portunity of looking into it, especially as my col-
league is not in his seat, and I do not know that
he is aware of it.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that he is.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I think it had better be
passed over for the moment, i suppose there is
no objection to that.
Mr. HOWE. I have none*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itrcquiresa
motion for that purpose, unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope by unanimous con-
sent it will he on the table for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
Senator who has made the reportexplain it. I do
not understand, for instance, whether the regiment
which was raised in my State is to be paid, ac-
cotdmg to the report which has been made.
Mr. HOWE, if the men were free on the 19th
of April, 1861.
Mr. POMEROY. We have no means of know-
ing that. They were laised in a free State, and
were the first regiment of colored troops raised.
We have no means of knowing whether they
were free or not; we never asked that question.
Mr. HOWE. The Secretary of War is au-
thonzed to establish regulations for the execution
of this law if it is agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, i think we had ^better look
into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is suggested
that the lepoi t be passed over for the time being.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to its
going over, but I want a modification of it before
we agree to it.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The report will
lie on the table for the presenf,to be called up at
any time by any member.
INDIAN APPllOPKIATION BIXL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 240) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for ful- !
filling treaty stipulations -with variopa lhdfetj
tribes for the year ending June.
The first amendment of' the Pi-
nance was in the appropriations for the"
bagoes, in line sev.en' hundred and fifty-sevfeh^'of
the bill, to-strike out the wordiS Monfc hi$idffe$
thousand" after" miUion;" sa as to joakertbfe
clause.read: • - ,•
For interest on.$ljQ00,QDG<at five penc*mt.y$se«; w h.
The amendment was'agreed. to - "
The nextan^endmeiat was after line 3^n-'
drcd and twenty-nine t'o inseh'tlie following items:/
Eastern bands pf^dshonecs: ' ' T* \ .
For first of twenty instalments, to' be expended under fhft
direction of the President in* the purchnsfe of sUeh artielws5
as ho may jleem suitable toshsjr wants, either as&uetors
or herdsmen, per filth article treaty 2d July, 18tip fyr tbe
fiscal year ending June 30,18G4,.$10,PQO.
For second'of twenty installments, to be expended under
direction of the President for same object, $er fifth article
treaty July 2,1863, for the fiscal jyear ending jvuieiJO. 1865,
,§10,000. f
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to amend that
amendment of the Committee or Finance feefftr§
it is adopted, and will do so nowy or passifcove#,
until the reading of the bill is finisHea.
Mr. SHERMAN. What doss the deflator
propose?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to strike out
thejword "four" in line eleven hundred and thiKyr
six, and insert " five,"and t^en to strikeout from'
line eleven hundred and thirty-eight to line eleven
hundred and forty-three. The present fiscal year
is so near its end that the Committee on Indian
Affairs, upon looking into the matter, are of opin-
ion that it will be as well to begin these install-
ments in 3865, which will save an appropriation
for the present year of $10,0UG.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that*
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike out
" four" and insert " five" in line eleven hundred
and thirty-six, so as to make the year "1865"
instead of "1864."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now mpve to strikeout
from line eleven hundred and thirty-nine to eleven
hundred and forty-two that whole-paragraph.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was adopted*.
The next amendment was to insert after'the
preceding one:
Northwestern ba ds*of Shoshonees:
For lir&t of twenty installments, to be expended under the]
dhection of the President in the purchase ofsuch articles
as he may deein suitable to their wants,, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per third article treaty 30th July, 1863, tor tho
fiscal yuir ending June 30, 1864, $5,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike out
" 1864" and insert " 1865."
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was:
For second of twenty installments, to be expended under
the direction of the Piesident for same object, per third ar-
ticle treaty July 30,1863, for the li&cal year ending June
30, 1865, $5,000.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I move to strike that out
from the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance for the same reason.
The motion wets agreed to.
Tho next amendment was to insert after the one
previously adopted:
Goslnp bands of Shoshonees:
For fii<t of twenty installments, to be expended under the
dtipction of the President in the purchase of such articles,
including cattlu tor herding, or other purposes, as he shall
deem Mutable for then wants and condition,either as hunt-
ers or heid>men, per seventh article treaty October 12,1863,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 186*4, $],QQ0.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend that by
striking out "1864" and inserting "1865."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted
The next a'mendment was to insert:
For second of twenty installments, to be expended under
the direction of the President for same object, per seventh
aiuele treaty October 12, 1803, for the lUeal year ending
Juno 30j 1865, $1,000,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike that out.
The motion was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
preceding amendment:
Creek nation •
For ii.teiest on $200,000, at five per cent, per annum, as
permanent annuity, to be paid them in moYiey, or for such
mechanical hiboi or useful articles as> the Secretary of tho
lnteuor may from time to time direct, por third article
