1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
lively narrow sphere: and when he was called
here to administer this great Government at a
time of imminent peril, which would have required
the energies of the most firm and the wisdom of
the most wise, it is not surprising that for a time,
perhaps, he failed in bringing to the discharge of
liis duties all these qualities; and misconduct has
been the result on the part of subordinates, waste-
ful expenditure, frauds innumerable, resulting in
a loss that arithmetic can hardly calculate. But
we are able to bear the burden now upon us.
It is to be hoped that the carcer of these men
will be arrested. That it will be arrested if the
President can arrest it, and the members of his
Cabinet can airest it, I have no doubt. That it will
be arrested as far as depends upon them, if your
military officers of high grade can arrest it, I have
no doubt. That done, and Congress faithful to
the discharge of its own duties in the particular of
husbanding the resources of the country, and I
shall be greatly mistaken (I should despair of hu-
man constitutional liberty in the future if it were
otherwise) if we shall not be able to carry this
war on to a triumphant termination, even if it
lasts three or four years longer.
But with all the respect which I ever feel to any-
thing that falls from any member of the Senate—
for we are all embaiked on the same voyage, we
all have in view the same end, wc differ only as
to the means—with all the respect that every man
should hold for the opinions of another, when his
motives are identical with his own and correct, I
submit to both the honorable members to whom
1 have particularly adverted, whether it is right,
unless some great object is to be attained, looking
to the accomplishment of the end which we ail
have in view, to saddle the Treasury with a de-
mand upon it which will swell it to millions if
their propositions are accepted.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Secretary read it: to insert after the word
" all," in the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] the word 44 free;5' so as
to read, "all free persons enrolled and mustered
into the service," &c.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand, Mr. President,
that if this amendment shall become a law, it will
be but carrying out the policy of the act which
wc passed a few days ago, by which the slave
volunteering into the service of the United States
receives nothing in the shape of bounty, and by
which the drafted slave also receives nothing. If
I misunderstand it, I should like to be corrected.
Sir, I can vote for no such measure, because the
proposition carries with it what I regard as a gross
injustice and a gross illegality. I hold that what
is callcd the slave population of the United States
owe allegiance to the Government of the United
States.; and that so far as allegiance is concerned,
they are under precisely the same obligation to
maintain the Government that their so-called mas-
ters are under, and that the Constitution of the
United States makes no distinction whatever in
this respect between what are called masters and
what are called slaves. I hold, in contradistinc-
tion from the doctrine laid down by the eminent
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] that the
Constitution of the United States does not recog-
ruzc any property in what are called slaves. It
recognizes no property m man. It does not rec-
ognize man as being a subject of property. Here
is the point of departure between that Senator and
mysalf on an abstract question of constitutional
law. He holds, if I understand him rightly, that
•the Constitution does recognize,and in some way
guaranty to the master a pioperty in his slaves.
I hold the contrary. I hold that the Constitution
of the United States is an instrument for the guar-
anty and support of freedom to all mankind; and
that whenever a person, be he black or white, or
of any other complexion, comes under the imme-
diate and exclusive influence and power of that
instrument, he becomes a free person, whatever
condition he may have been in previously.
This is a point in which I differ from him. It
is a radical point, a point involving elementary
principles, elementary principles of human right.
I hold that no man ever wa;; born to be a slave;
that all men were created equal before their Maker,
and that they ought to be treated as equals before
the law.
We were told the other day by the learned Sen-
ator from Maryland that the common law of Eng-
land at a period later than the decision in the
Sommersett case recognized property in man.
The question arose upon the appropriate interpre-
tation to be given to that clause in the Amendments
of the Constitution which declares that private
property shall not be taken without just compen-
sation. I ventured the remark upon that occa-
sion that when the Constitution speaks of private
property it does not refer to men, be their color
whatever it may, but that it refers to those articles
which are recognized as fit and proper-subjects of
property by the common law of England; and I
also ventured the assertion that by that law slavery
was not recognized or tolerated within the limits
of England. Upon that subject I referred to an
elementary writer perfectly familiar to all law-
yers, Mr. Justice Blackstone; and the Senator
from Maryland seemed to take me to task—cer-
tainly in a very good-natured and courteous way,
with which I find no fault—for advancing that idea;
and he referred me, with an air that certainly im-
plied that I ought to be better acquainted with my
Blackstone than I appeared to be, to that great
author, for the purpose ofcontradictingme. 1 will
not set up my own opinions as against the learned
Senator from Maryland; I am a very inconsider-
able personage, and choose not to take up the
cudgels against that eminent gentl-eman; but he
must pardon me for allowing Justice Blackstone
to speak for himself on this point. What does
the great commentator say ? He says, in the first
book of his Commentaries:
"Upon these principles the law of England, abhors and
will not endure the existence of slavery within this nation;
so that when an attempt was made to introduce it, by stat-
ute 1 Edw. VI, c. 3, which ordained that all idle vaga-
bonds should be made ^lave^, and fed upou bread and
water, or small drink and refuse mt-at; should wear a ring
of iron round their necks, arms, or legs; and should be
compelled by beating, chaining, or otherwise, to perform
the work aligned them, were it nevei f=o vilcj the spirit
of the nation could not brook this condition, even in the
most abandoned rogues; and therefoie this statute u re-
pealed in two years aftei wards. J3nd now it is laid down
that a slave or negro, the instant he lands in England, be-
comes a free man; that is, the law will protect him in the
enjoyment of his person and his property."
Mark the language, sir. " Upon these princi-
ples the law of England abhors and will not endure
the existence of slavery within this nation."
What then must have been the condition of a
slave within the realm of England? Suppose him
to have been carried from the plantations to Lon-
don, or any other place within the realm, what
would have been his condition ? Could the mas-
ter assert property in him? No, sir; the law of
England, the common law to which I appeal for
an interpretation of the language used in our Con-
stitution, forbids it; it forbids all property in
man, if the claim to such property involvesa con-
dition of slavery.
Again, sir, let us see what Chancellor Kent
says on the same subject, how far according to
him sl^'ery is recognized by the common law.
He says:
" The law of England will not endure the existence of sla-
very within the realm of England. The instant the slave
touches the soil he becomes free, so as to be entitled to be pro-
tected in the enjoyment of his person and property, though
he may still continue bound to sorviccas a servant. There
has been much dispute m the English books whether tro-
ver would lie for a negro slave; and the better opinion is
that it will not lie, because the owner has not an absolute
property in the negro; and by the common law it was said
one man could not haoe a property in anothei >foi men were
not the subject of property
And he refers to some dozen adjudicated cases
arising and determined ill the courts of England
which establish that proposition.
But, sir, the Senator took occasion to inform
us thatLord Stowell in a subsequent decision, at a
period long since the establishment of our Consti-
tution, had reversed or attempted to annul the de-
cision of Lord Mansfield in the Sommersett case.
So far from being correct in this remark, in refer-
ence to the decision of Lord Stowell in the case
of the slave Grace, (for that I presume is the case
to which the Senator referred,) the direct contrary
is the truth. Lord Stowell does not make a sin-
gle declaration in the course of that elaborate ju-
dicial opinion in which he attacks or dares attack
|j the opinion of Lord Mansfield in the Sommersett
li case. He does not intimate anything to the con-
trary. All of any importance decided in that case
by Lord Stowell is embraced in the marginal notes
which I will talte occasion to read. After recog-
nizing in the clearest terms the great leading prin-
ciple that by the common law of England within
the realm of England there can be no such thing
as property in slaves, the iearned judge proceeds
and says:
" Hy a residence In England the slave code is suspended,
not extinguished." * * * * "Slaves coming
into England are free there, and cannot be sent out of the
country by any process to be there execu.ted.,i * * * *
"Slavery in the colonies is not the creature of law,but of
custom, to which the maxim,inalususus abolendus est, is not
applicable." * ********
"The law of England discourages slavery within the
limits of these islands, but gives to it an almost unbounded
piotection in its colonies." ******
" The statute law of this country looks pti slaves in the
colonies as mere goods and chattels, as subject to mort-
gages, &c., and has established courts of the highest juris-
diction for carrying such provisions into execution."
The case was this: the owner of the slave
Grace took her from Antigua, in the West In-
dies, to England, where she remained with her
master about a year, and then followed her' mas-
ter back to Antigua. The slave was imported
into the port of Antigua without the payment of
any duties, or without answering the charges
which existed by law. The question arose upon
the seizure of this slave for the payment of some
duty due at the port, being in a colony where the
local law declared her to be a slave, and as by
that law she was treated as a slave she was re-
garded as such in the court of appeals of Eng-
land, to which the case was carried. The whole
case showed that at common law, in England,
there is not and cannot be any such thing as prop-
erty in slaves, in other words, property in man;
while at the same time the English courts recog-
nized the right of the colonies, which have legis-
lative powers granted them by their charters or
by act of Parliament, to establish and recognize
slavery there; and that is all there is of the case.
My main proposition remains unshaken, that
by the common law of England there is no such
thing as slavery within the realm of England.
There is no such thing as slavery in Scotland,
and has not been for, I presume, a hundred years.
There is no such thing as slavery in France. The
moment a slave brought from the French colonies
is landed upon the shores ofFrance, he becomes
ipso facto free. Such is also the rule, I helievo,
m every other civilized country in Europe.
Now, sir, I take this ground, that slavery ex-
ists solely and exclusively by force of the law of
the place where it is claimed to exist; and that
beyond the limits within which that law is in op-
eration the slave becomes by the mere transit ipso
facto free. The Constitution*^ the United States
takes no cognizance whatever of those local laws;
and so far as the black man is concerned, as he
owes allegiance to the Government of the United
States, and may be called upon like a while man
to defend it by arms, he is, m all constitutional
respects, when called upon to render military ser-
vice, as free a man as you and I. The moment
he is mustered into the service of the United States
he becomes subject to the control of another power.
He is totally emancipated and set free from the
control and the will of his former so-called mas-
ter, and passes to another dominion. It is a ne-
cessary legal result, unavoidable and indispensa-
ble; because the moment he enters the military
service he becomes, in his capacity of a soldier,
as free as you or I; as free as any other soldier,
subject to obey the orders of his superiors, but
possessing the right and the privilege, under the
usages of war, to be elevated even to the highest
command of the Army, if he deserves it.
i ask any man with a proper sense of justice in
his bosom, to say nothing of the principles of
universal public law, how it is possible that this
man, having once taken arms to defend his coun-
try, having been subjected to military drill and
discipline, can be reduced into the condition of a
slave, a mere chattel, a thing to which ownership
attaches? This, to my mind, is impossible. 1
insist upon this: that when the Government of
the United States calls upon the people of the
United Slates to render their aid in defending the
country and in waging a war, the power it ex-
ercises implies no distinction between colors. It
must regard all alike free and equal.
This is the ground upon which I put it: that so
far as the Constitution is concerned in the carry-
