1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE]
was, should we let them starve upon our hands,
of was it the duty of the Interior Department to
keep them from starving? That was the necessity
which compelled the incurring of these liabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. It was no part of my pur-
pose in the inquiry I suggested to raise any
question in'regard to letting the Indians starve.
I of course am willing and anxious that the Gov-
ernment should do everything in the premises that
it is its duty to do. But I notice that efforts have
been made to secure payment for losses sustained
in my own State, and the committees have gen-
erally reported that all such payments are to be
made, if ever, after the war. The losses to which
I-now refer were not losses sustained at the hands
of Indians, but from Quantrell's and other bands
of bad men, as bad as Indians at any rate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to" interrupt the
Senator. Certainly, as a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance here, he ought not to put himself
in antagonism to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
when it is that committee of which he is a mem-
ber that reported the bill to pay those very dam-
ages in Minnesota. The Indian Committee had
nothing to do with it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is mistaken if
he supposes that I am a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance. His remarits may apply to some-
body, but they do not apply to me. I do not
happen to be on that committee.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, it was
thought wise by Congress to have these Indians
removed from Minnesota, and such was the ne-
cessity of the case that an appropriation was made
of I think about one hundred thousand dollars to
remove the Sioux and Winnebago Indians from
that State. That was done last summer. They
had to be taken upon boats and carried to St.
Louis, and from St. Louis up the Missouri river.
The Senator from Kansas is well aware of the
difficulties of navigation in the Missouri river last
year. The amount appropriated was actually
consumed in the removal of the Indians. A part
of the money now asked for has been expended,
first in building some houses, building astockade
and protection for these Indians, for on the north
and on the west of them there were hostile Sioux
Indians. The Department of the Interiorauthor-
ized the expenditure of $34,240, anticipating an
appropriation which had been made for other pur-
poses, and directed the superintendent to expend
it immediately for the subsistence of these Indians.
In addition to that sum, late in the fall, it having
been very dry and nothing having been raised,
the Secretary of the Interior authorized the super-
intendent to enter into a contract to supply them
with beef and pork. That contract amounted to
$53,763 40, not one cent of which has yet been
paid, but all the supplies under the contract have
been delivered to the Indians. I will state here
that a large portion of that contract was for cattle,
and that the contract price for those cattle to be
delivered on the Missouri river was but four cents
a pound.
The remaining $29,280 of the amount now pro-
posed to be appropriated is the estimate which is
made for the subsistence of these Indians for the
months of May and June, in addition to the ex-
penditures I have already stated. The total
amount is made up in this way: $53,763 40 is a
debt due under a contract entered into under di-
rection of the Secretary of the Interior; $54,240
has been actually expended; and $39,280 is the
estimate of the amount necessary to be expended
in order to carry them to the end of the present
fiscal year. In settling down upon this item of
$137,000, the committee concluded to strike out
all the other estimates which were made for these
Indians amounting to eighty or ninety thousand
dollars for other purposes. It was the judgment
of the committee that we would pay up all claims
which were actually due, and appropnate $29,280
in addition, and that that would be enough, and
then we could leave out the other estimates which [
had been made for them.
It will be observed that the $53,763 40 and that j
$54,240 Congress is in honor bound to appropri- i
ate.' 1 think we have no reasonable discretion in ]
regard to allowing those two sums, because the j
Government is bound to pay them; it has entered
into a contract under which the property has been
delivered. Then the additional $29,280 is a lea-
sonable estimate, and it takes the place of nearly
$80,000 which the Indian department had esti-
mated, as will be seen by the printed estimates
on the tables of the members of the Senate. This
is really cutting down those estimates more than
one half. The Indian Committee now is notallow-
ing in this bill ov?>r one half what was estimated
to pay up the obligations of the Government to
these Indians.
I will say in answer to theSenator from Kan-
sas, who seems to feel rather bad because Con-
gress has seen fit to pass an appropriation to pay
>the sufferers in Minnesota, that that appropria-
tion was made in pursuance of a law, or to carry
out a law, which was passed a year ago, and
Congress had no discretion about it. The United
States confiscated over two million dollars of the
Sioux money and appointed commissioners to
adjustthe damages. Those commissioners made
their report, and the Finance Committee reported
the appropriation in pursuance of the existing
laws.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to make any
particular opposition to this measure; we are now
acting as in Committee of the Whole; but I de-
sire to reserve the right to have a separate vote
on it when we come into the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. The truth is, that the money
has been spent to support these Indians. I do not
know whether it has been rightfully expended or
not; but the presumption is that it has been rightly
expended. It is a debt incurred. The office in
their statement of the case havenotgiven the whole
of it. They state that they lmve expended $53,-
763 40, and they estimate tlmt$29,280 will be neces-
sary to support the Indians for the months of May
and June of the present fiscal year; but they do
not include in this statement the anticipation of the
entire appropriation as named in the bill for the
com i ng year of $54,240. They had intended to wait
until that appropriation should fall due to these In-
dians under the present appropriation bill, and use
it to pay the back debts that have been incurred.
The committee thought it better to meet the entire
deficiency at once, to meet it squarely in the face,
and to allow the appropriation which the bill pro-
vides for to be used the coming year in buying
goods that may be needed. If lhat amount of
$54,240 were diminished, the result would be that
they would go on credit for the coming year,and
anticipate the appropriation of the following year.
Then, to come to the facts of the case, they have
incurred a debt of $137,000 in the support of these
Indians which was not provided for in any law
heretofore enacted, and the question is whether
we shall pay it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the statements of
fact made by the committee are to bo relied upon,
as certainly they are. The Interior Department,
as I understand, anticipated the wants of these
Indians, rendered necessary by our determination
to remove them, by applying to that purpose, as
far as it would go, $54,000 which had been by
Congress appropriated to some other purpose.
Whether the Department had a right to appro-
priate a sum given by Congress for a different
purpose to this, is a matter perhaps about which
there can be no difference of opinion; but still
they applied it to an object which Congress
would have promoted if they had been in session.
There is great danger in suffering the Depart-
ment to resort to one fund which Congress has
appropriated for a specific object, to carry out
some other object for which Congress either has
made no appropriation or has made an inadequate
appropriation. But it never would have done for
the United States to suffer these Indians to starve;
and rather than to have that happen, the Interior
Depaitment, I think, under the circumstances,
did right in providing some mode by which such
a result as that should be avoided. But that was
not enough; and having no other fund to which
they could resort under their control, they con-
tracted a debt of some fifty-three thousand dol-
lars more for provisions furnished the Indians,
and now they tell us that in addition to the $54,000
which they have taken from the purpose for
which it was given and applied to this purpose,
and the $53,000 of debt which they have incurred,
it will be necessary to incur a debt of some twen-
ty-nine thousand dollars more; and they ask that
an appropriation shall be made, amounting in the
a°-°-re<*ate to the $54,000' which they have ap-
plied, the $53,000 debt which they have incurred,
and the $29,000 which they will ue obliged to in-
cur, provided the Indians are to be supported dur-
   - ; —
irig tlreitwo months up to the*'t£rmirtMion of the-
present fiscal yfear, and' the' itggregnlo'of; those
sums amounts to the sum proposed to-fcre appro-
priated,'$137,000. * ■ • '
Mr.®DOOLITTLE.' Perhaps I ought 'to.'say]
one word further. It will.be Yemgmbored b'y thb
honorable Senator front Maryland ' that by the '
act of February 21, 1863, after these hostilities iif "
Minnesota, .Congress directed the President fo'
set apart a new reservation for the1 Wiltnebagoes.
outside of the Stute'of Minnesota. . " "' "
Mr. JOHNSON. -1 understand ft: - ! '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was substantially im-
perative: on the Executive Department to do it,'
and we appropriated not money out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, but from the funds'of.
the Winnebagoes themselves.what was, supposed",
to be enough to pay for their" removal. They,
were remoyed, ' It is new nearly two years ago;
and the extreme drou'ght, as I mentioned to the'
Senate, prevented theirraising anything for their,
support, and it has compelled the department to
the necessity of allowing the superintendent to '
run in debt to getthfngs to save the Indians from
starvation. It has been compelled by necessity'
to do what has been done.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator certainly does'
not understand me as finding fault with it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, also, the follows •
ing amendment, to .come in after the one just
adopted:
To enable the Secretary of die Interior to tak$ charge of
certain stray bands of Winnebago and Pottawatomie In-
dians now in the State of Wisconsin, with a view to pre-
vent any further depredations by them upon the citizens of
that State, and fo/ provisions and subsistence, $10,000:
Provided, That the proportion of annuities to whkh such
stray bands of Pottawatomies and Winnebagocs would be
entitled if they were seitled upon their reservations with
their respective tubes shall be retained in the Treasury to
their credit from year to year, to be paid to them when Ihey
shall unite with their said tribes, or to he used by the Sec-
retary of the interior in defraying the expenses of their
removal, or in, settling and subsisting them on any other
reservation which may hereafter be provided for them.-
For the salary of a special agent to take charge of said
Indians, $1,500,
I desire to explain to the Senate facts which
perhaps have not come to their knowledge in re-
gard to tins matter. About the same time with '
the troubles in Minnesota there weresome bands
of Winnebagoes and Pottawatomies, about one
thousand in number, stray bands that really be--
longed to the Pottawatomies in Kansas and to the
Winnebagoes in Minnesota, which were wander-
ing about in the State of Wisconsin through five
or six counties. Shortly after the outbreak in
Minnesota it was believed that an outbreak or
something of a massacre would occurin the State
of Wisconsin. One woman, a Mrs. Salter, was •
massacred by an Indian, and one or two other
murders were committed at the same time. The;
result was to produce a great state of excitement
on the part of the people of Wisconsin, and it
looked so alarming that some military force was
called out at one time, and there was an appear-"
ance of anuprising of the people,and_perhapsan
indiscriminate slaughter of all the Indians that
were remaining in the State of AVisconsin. But
some of the public men in that section of the State,
among whom was my honorable colleague in the
other House, [Mr. McInpoe,] were active in tak-
ing the matter in hand, striving to keep down the
excitement, and looking to some mode of taking
care of the Indians with a view to their ultimate
removal, and the people of the State became sat-
isfied to leave the matter in the hands of the Gov-
ernment, and that these Indians should be pro-
vided for in some way.
The Houseof Representatives,acting upou this
subject, have passed a bill, which is now before
the Senate, 'providing for their removal, the Win-
nebagoes to join the Winnebagoes that were re-
moved from 'Minnesota to the valley of the Mis-
souri, and the Pottawatomies to join the tribe of
Pottawatomies in the State of Kansas, and appro-
priating for that purpose the sum of $30,000.
When the question came before the Senate Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs it was believed by our
committee that this sum of $30,000 would be
found inadequate if we should attempt the lemoval
of these Indians in the present state of things in
Wisconsin, as they scuttGrcd about in small
bauds. It was thought that it would be more
