m
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 1,
38th (Jong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the Unite(I States.
to less than one thousand dollars, but not less
than one hundred dollars, such offices shall be as-
signed to the fourth class; and whenever it shall
have amounted tp less, than one hundred dollars,
such offices shall .be, assigned to the fifth class.
To offices of the first, second, and third classes
shall be severally assigned salaries, in even hun-
dreds of dollars, as nearly as practicable in amount
the same as, but not exceeding, the average com-
pensation of the postmasters thereof for the two
years next preceding; and tu offices of the fourth
class shall be assigned severally salaries, in even
tens of dollars, as nearlyas practicable in amount
the same as, but not exceeding, such average
compensation for the two years next preceding;
and to offices of the fifth class shall be severally
assigned salaries, in even dollars, as nearlyas
practicable in "amount the same as, but not ex-
ceeding, such average compensation for the two
years n?xt preceding, Wherever returns show-
ing the average of annual compensation of post-
masters for the two years next preceding the first
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
shall not have been received at the Post Office
Department at the time of adjustment, the same
may be estimated by the Postmaster General for
the purpose of adjusting the salaries of postmas-
ters heiein provided for. And it shall be the duty
of the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department to obtain from postmasters their quar-
terly accounts with the vouchors necessary to a
coricct adjustment thereof, and to report to the
Postmaster General all failures of postmasters to
render such returns within a proper period after
the close of cach quarter.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted,Thtnllhc Post-
master General shall review once in two years,
and in special cases, upon satisfactory represent-
ation, as much oftencr as ho may deem expedi-
ent, and readjust, on the basis of the preceding
section, the salary assigned by him to any office;
but any change made in such salary shall not take
effect until the first clay of the quarter m-xt fol-
lowing such order,and all orders made assigning
or changing salaries shall be mode in writing and
iccorded in his journal, and notified to the Auditor
for the Post Office Department.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That sala-
ries of the first, second, and third classes shall be
adjusted to take effect on the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and of the fourth
and fifth classes at the same time, or at the com-
mencement of a quarter as early as practicable
thereafter.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, at of-
fices which have not been established for two
years piior to the first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, the salary may be adjusted
upon a satisfactory return by the postmaster of
the receipts, expenditures, and business of his
office: Provided, That fifty per centum of the
gross revenue of such office shall be, in all cases,
the largest amount allowed to such postmasters
for their salaries, respectively, except in eases
where it shall be a separating or distributing of-
fice, as provided for m the sixth section of this
act.
S&c. 5. ./hid be it further emitted, That at the
post office of .New York and offices of the first
and second classes, the Postmaster General shajl
ullow to the postmaster a just and reasonable
sum for the necessary cost, m whole or in part,
of rent, fuel, lights, and clerks, to be adjusted
upon a satisfactory exhibit of the facts. And at
offices of the third, fourth, and fifth classes, such
expenses shall be paid by the postmaster, except
its in the sixth section provided; it being intended
that such allowances shall be made in accordance
with existing usages. •
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the Post-
master Geneial may designate certain convenient
offices, at the intersection of mail routes, as dis-
tributing offices, and certain others as separating
offices; and where any such office is of the third,
fourth, or fifth class of post offices, he may make
a reasonable allowance to such postmaster for the
necessary cost, in whole or in part, of clerical
services arising from such duties.
Sec. 7. Antlbeit further enacted, Thatall post-
ages and box Vents at post offices, and all other
receipts and emoluments at a poyt office, shall be
received and accounted for as a part of the postal
revenues; and any part thereof which the post-
master ought to have collected, but has neglected
to collect, shall be charged against him in his ac-
count, and he shall be liable therefor in the same
manner as if the same had been collected; and he
shall receive no fees or perquisites beyond his
salary.
Sec. 8. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thai the uni-
form rate of United States postage, without refer-
ence to distance, upon letteis and other mailable
matter addicssed to, or received from, foreign
countries, when forwarded from, or received in,
the United States by steamships or other vessels
regularly employed in the transportation of the
mails, shall be as follows, viz: ten cents per sin-
gle rate of half an ounce or under, on letters; two
cents each on newspapers; and the established do-
mestic rates on pamphlets,periodicals, and other
articles of printed matter; which postage shall be
prepaid on matter sent, and collected on matter
received: Provided always,TUoX these rates shall-
not apply to letteis or other mailable matter, ad-
dressed to, or received from, any foreign place or
country, to and from which different rates of post-
age have been, or shall be, established by inter-
national postal convention or arrangement already
concluded or hereafter to be made.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That the Post-
master General is authorized to sell, or cause to
be sold, to individuals, corporations, and business
firms, postage stamps, in quantities of not less
than one hundred dollars m value, at a discount
not exceeding five per centum from the face value
of such stamps, and to sell, or cause to be sold,
stamped envelopes, in packages containing not
less than five hundred envelopes, at a discount not
exceeding five per centum from the current prices
thereof when sold in less quantities.
Sec. 10. Jlndbcit further enacted, That the twen-
ty-eighth section of the act entitled "An act to
amend the laws relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment,"approved March three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby,
amended by the addition of the following clause,
namely: And when any letter bearing a request
for its return to the writer, in case of its non-
delivery, shall have been so returned to the office at
which it was originally mailed, then, and in that
case, it shall be obligatory upon the person to
whom such letter has been returned, to receive the
same, and to pay therefor the postage specified
by this section; and in default of said writer to
receive and pay for the letter so retuined, he shall
be subject to a penalty of ten dollars, to be recov-
ered in any court of competent juiisdiction.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That if any
person, not authorized by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, shall set up or profess to keep any office, or
any place of business bearing the sign, name, or
title of post office, every such person shall forfeit
and pay the sum of five hundred dollars for every
such offense.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That if any
person employed many of the departments of the
post office establishment shall unlawfully detain,
delay, or open,any letter, packet, bag,or mail of
letters, with which he shall be intrusted, or which
shall have come to his possession, and which are
intended to be conveyed by post, or to be carried
or delivered by any mail carrier, mail messenger,
letter carrier, route agent, or other person em-
ployed m any of the departments of the post of-
fice establishment of the United Stales, or to be
forwarded or delivered through orfrom any post
office or branch post office established by author-
ity of the Postmaster General of the United States;
[or] if any such person shall secrete, embezzle,
or destroy,any letter or packet intrusted to such
person as aforesaid, and which shall not contain
any security for, orassurance relating to, money,
as hereinafter described, every such offender, be-
ing thereof duly convicted, snail, for every such
offense, be fined not less than three hundred dol-
lars, or imprisoned not less than six months, or
both, according to the circumstances and aggra-
vations of the offense. And if any person em-
ployed as aforesaid shall secrete, embezzle, or
destroy any letter, packet, bag, or mail of letters,
with which he or she shall be intrusted, or which
shall have come to his or her possession, and are
intended to be conveyed by post, or to be carried
ordelivered by any mail carrier, mail messenger,
letter carrier, route agent, or other person em-
ployed in &ny of the departmentst>f the post office
establishment of the United States, or to be for-
warded or delivered through or from any post
office or branch post officeestablished by author-
ity of the Postmaster General of the United States,
such letter, packet, bag, or mail of letters, con-
taining any note, bond, draft, check, levenue
stamp, postage stamp, money order, certificate of
stock, or other pecuniary obligation, or Govern-
ment security ofany description whatever, issued,
or that may hereafter be issued, by the United
States, or by any officer or fiscal agent thereof,
any bank note or bank post bill, bill of exchange,
warrant of the Treasury of the United States, note
of assignment of stock in the funds, letters of at-
torney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for
selling stock in the funds, or for receiving the in-
terest thereof, or any letter of credit, or note for,
or relating to, payment of moneys, or any bond,
or wanant, draft, bill, or promissory note, cov-
enant, contract, or agreement, whatsoever, for,
or relating to, the payment of money, or the de-
livery of any article of value, or the performance
of any act, matter, or thing, or any receipt, re-
lease, acquittance, or discharge of, or from, any
debt, covenant, or demand, or any part thereof,
or any copy of any record of any judgment, or
decree, in any. court of law, or chancery, or t,ny
execution which may have issued thereon, or any
copy of any other record, or any other aiticle of
value, or any writing representing the same; or
if any such person, employed as aforesaid, shall
steal, or take, any of the same out of any letter,
packet, bag, or mail of letters, that shall come to
his or herpossession, whether such letter or pack-
et, bag, or mail of letters, shall have come or been
placed in his or her possession to be forwarded
or delivered in the regular course of his or h.er
official duties, or shall have come or been placed,
in Ins or her possession in any other manner, and.'
■provided that such letter.or packet, bag, or. mail
of letters, shall not have been delivered to the
person or persons to whom it is directed, such
person shall, on conviction for any such offense,
be imprisoned not less than ten years, nor exceed-
ing twenty-one years; and the fact that any such
letter or packet, bag, or mail of letters, shall have
been deposited in any post office or branch post
office established by authority of the Postmaster
General of the United States, or in any other au-
thorized depository of mail letters, or in charge
of any postmaster, assistant postmaster, clerk,
carrier, agent, or messenger employed in the post
office establishment of the United States, shall be
taken and held as evidence that the same was
"intended to be conveyed by post" within the
meaning of this statute; and if any person who
shall have taken charge of the mails of the Uni-
ted States shall voluntarily quit or desert the same
before such person delivers it into the post office
kept at the termination of the route, or some
known mail carrier, or agent of the General Post
Office,authorized to receive the same, every such
person, so offending, shall forfeit and pay a sum
notexceedingfive hundred dollars, for every such
offense; and if any person concerned in carrying
the mail of the United States shall collect, receive,
or carry any letter, or packet, or shall cause or
procure the same to be done, contrary to this act,
every such offender shall forfeit and pay, for
every such offense, a sum not exceeding fifty dol-
lars.—Section twenty-one, act of March three,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, That dead
letters containing valuable inclosures shall be
registered in the Department; and when it ap-
pears that they can neither be delivered to their
address nor- to the writers, the contents thereof,
so far as available, shall be used to promote the
efficiency of the dead-letter office, according to
the provisions of the seventh section of act ap-
proved February twenty-seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, entitled "Anact to establish
certain post routes;" and the amount thereof
shall be shown in the annual report, and shall be
subject to reclamation by either the party ad-
dressed or by the sender for four years from
registry thereof, careful account being kept of the
same. All other letters deemed of value or of
importance to the party addressed, or to the
writer, and which it appeals cannot be returned
