THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26.
•Sjtiator from Michigan is infallible, the result
will*Tie as he states; but there is a difference of
opinion,about that. I can say to him that the
Comjnittee on Finance coi sider^d and reconsid-
ered this matter. They considered it over and
over again, and not with a view to kill the>bill,
ii&'t $ith a view to pass the bill and to make it
acceptable to the people of the States, and they
deliberately came to the conclusion, almost unan-
imously, thSt the provision which they have'in-t,
serted. would be beneficial in its operation, and
shoald be adopted. I shall by no means set my
opinion against that of the Senator from Michi-
fan Upon any subject rh relation to banking; but
really do not apprehend, nor do I think the
friends of the bill who know most about it appre-
hend, that the effect of this amendment will be to
destroy the bill entirely, as he seems to assume.
Tftie question simply is, and it has no very great
scope, whether the power of taxing the stock of
the banks and of taxing the persons holding the
shares shall exist and shall be exercised by the
States or by the General Government. That is
really the only question. If they are taxed by
the States and if it is ijot carried to the extent to
" which it might be carried for State purposes,
unquestionably the same amount of tax would,
sooner or later, and probably very soon, bo im-
posed by the authority of the General Govern-
ment. As I said before, it comes to that very
simple question: who shall have the power of
taxing the stock—not the circulation, not the de-
■ posits, not that which relates exclusively to bank-
ing purposed and operates for banking purposes,
but operates upon so much actual property in-
vested by the individuals owning the property
and residing in the States upon that particular
amount.
The proposition, as it stood in the bill as it
came to us from the House of Representatives,
was simply delusive. It said, You may tax the
stock in the hands of the stockholders, exempt-
ing from that the amount which they have de-
posited in bonds. We do not break faith at nil;
because when we proposed to exempt certain
bonds issued by the Government and purchased
by individuals from State taxation, it was simply
as property, so much invested, not as property
used for the purposes of banking, giving to it
another and distinctive, character.
We say simply jn reference to this mattw: "If
you choose, instead of specie or any other prop-
erty that you have Which is to be deposi ted us se-
curity for your bills, you may deposit and we will
accept bonds of the United States." That is a
privilege we give them. Then we say when there
is an organization of a hank m this way, and the
persons who put their capital into it take it out
of their other business or their other means, sub-
ject as that'is to State taxation, and put it in this
particular bank, that that capital shall remain sub-
ject to State taxation precisely in the same way
that other property is, or that it was before they
invested it in that particular mode. That is ail
we say with reference to it.
The question as to taxing these banks out of
existence, which has been talked about, has not
the slightest application in the world; because we
limit the power of State taxation. They must tax
this property thus invested precisely as they tax
other persona! property,and to no greater extent.
The power of taxation is limited in the same way.
I have said that the proposition as made by the
House of Representatives was delusive. How
so ? By a proviso to the section as it came to us
from the House, they might invest the whole
amount of their capital slock 111 United States
bonds, and take out their bills, but they need not
use those bills unless they choose to do so. They
have got their bonds; they deposit them and take
out their bills to the whole amount of the hank
capital; but they do not use their bills, and in that
way they get the wholeamountof their bank cap-
ital freed from taxation. The House provision
amounts to just nothing at all, as anybody will
see on looking at it. It is delusive, therefore, m
its character; and if the hunks chose to exert that
power, which they would he veiy likely to do,
because-they get six percent, on the bonds when
they are deposited, it would amount precisely to
this: that they would pay no tawson thrirwiiole '
edjplal. 1'hat it was desnanle io avoie.
- -flow, sir, what is the argument with leterencf- i
«o th# amendment of the Committee on Finance? i
You want to make your bill popular if you can;
at any rate you want to make it acceptable. It
is perfectly well known that the burdens resting
upon the States at the present timeare very heavy;
and why ? They are heavy inconsequence of the
very great exertions they have made to support
the Government, to raise soldiers to carry on the
war, and for other purposes connected with it.
You propose here to take out (nottoput into the
hands of the General Government) not only the
whole amount of the revenues arising from im-
ports and from the internal revenue as it is called
and to raise thereby, heavy as that will be, an
amount sufficient to come up to what we are ad-
vised by the honorable Secretary of the Treasury
will be adequate, but in addition to that to se-
quester for the use of the General Government,
provided it wants to use it, this very large amount
of propei ty and take it out of State taxation; that
is to say, in addition to the revenue arising from
imports and the internal revenue to take that
property which has always been liable to State
taxation from under the control of the States in
that particular.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, I think,
is hasty in assuming that this amendment will
destroy the bill. I believe the bill will not only
be as good, but will be better if the amendment
shall be adopted; because, as I said before, it is
not a question of what the amount shall be, but
\vheie it shall go. Inmy judgmentyou will have
a storm such as it will be very difficult to stand
under, if, in addition to what we are doing in the
way of taxation; and which is legitimate and
proper, we are to take out of the hands of the
States so large an amount of capital, which is
ready or may be used to alleviate the burdens of
the peo'ple of the States, and to send it in another
direction.
Sir, I believe that the amendment reported from
the. Committee on Kmarice is essential to that
support of the bill which is necessary or needed
for it in public cs:nn;u. -n. That is my great
difficulty with regard i) it. If you insist upon
sequestering—bee; ui,- I dannot use any other
woi d that expresses my idea—so large an amount
of capital as tins in the way in which the Senator
proposes to do it, you will create a difficulty
wluch it will he very troublesome to get Over. It
was substantially the views which 1 have thus
imperfectly expressed that guided the committee
in coming to this conclusion, and, on a recon-
sideration of it, in adheiing to this conclusion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator forgets that we have already " sequestered,"
as he calls it, the entire issues of this Govern-
ment. He will remember very well theargument
put forth when we limited the tax that we would
permit under any circumstances to be placed upon
our national securities to one and a half per cent.
The argument then was that it was for our in-
terest to hold out inducements to capitalists to
take these bonds to relieve the Treasury. We
-did "sequester" this national debt, or whatever
it maybe, and prohibited Stateandlocal taxation
forever upon it. Now the Senator proposes to
come in and say, It is true we have sequestered
these bonds, we have taken the whole of them out
of local taxation, but if un individual sees fit to
place those bonds m a banking institution instead
of keeping them in his pocket, then you take them
up frdni the sequestration and make them liable
to all sorts of local taxation. It is well known
that most ot the States in this Union—I believe
every one—protects its banking institutions from
local taxation by placing aStatl; tax m lieu of all
other taxes upon them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. In my own State, and 1 take it it is the J
case with the New England Statesgeneraily, and j
1 do not know with how many others, the bank
in the fiist place pays a curtain percentage for the
privilege of banking to the State.
Mr. HOWARD. Do you call it a specific taxi
Mr. FiiSSENDEN. Yes, sir. Then the stock
of the bank in the hands of the stockholder is |
liable to taxation at its value, not its par value.
I think the stock of th-1 banks in my own city is
quoted at 110 or 113 ami is no assessed. If it is
above par it is ossosseU at its value just as any
other perso lei luepiitv" assessed. They iind
no fault wi'ii u.
.Mr, CHANDLER. Do they pay all the mu-
nicipal taxes? -
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everything; and so it is
generally, the same as any other property.
Mr. CHANDLER. The difference in your
State and my own and other western States 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it can afford to pay
better than any other property.
Mr. CHANDLER. It may be so in the State
of Maine, but it is not so m the State of Michi-
gan. In that State we place a tax of one per
cent, upon the banks, which is in lieu of all other
taxes. No other taxes are assessed upon them.
Now, as 1 said a moment ago, if you allow this
to local taxation, the bank stock will of course
bo assessed at its full value. There it stands
at so many huridied thousand dollars to be as-
sessed. It is very well known, however, that in
most cities real estate and other property is esti-
mated at very much below its actual value. Does
the Senator, therefore, suppose that m the city of
Detroit, for instance, where the city tax is two
per cent, the county tax perhaps one per cent,—
I do not know how much exactly, but it is very
large—and the State tax is very large, any man of
common sense would take a bond out of his trunk
which was subject to only one and a half percent,
tax and put it into a national bank where it would
be subject to three or four per cent, tax ? There is
not a bank m the State of Michigan that will not
wind up within thirty days from to-day if you pass
the amendment as proposed by the Committee on
Finance; nor do I believe that there will ever be
a single bank started in the United States from
the moment you'pass it. That is my judgment
as a practical banker, as a practical business man.
I have no theories about it; it is practice; and I
know that that will be the result. As I said be-
fore, if the object is to kill the bill, vote it in; but
if the object is to establish a banking system that
will become popular and of universal adoption,
you must keep it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say in addition
that the result of withdrawing so large an amount
ot' capital from State taxation will have a bad
effect m another view. As a general rule, those
who put stock lino a bank or who own the great
majority of stock are those who are the most
wealthy persons m the community. You hold
out to them a great additional inducement to put
their money into those banks if they are lelieved-
from State taxation. What is the result? The
result is that you increase the burdens of those
who are the poorer classes, comparatively, and
less able to bear the burdens of taxation. They
look upon this favored class and see how they are
situated, and it produces, unnecessarily, a great
deal of ill-blood and a great deal of unpopularity
so far as the system itself is concerned; and in
that way it has a bad effect; and I fear the gen-
eral effect of it upon the system itself.
My friend from Michigan is a " practical bank-
er," he says, and he speaks of what he knows.
It is astonishing the difference of opinion that
ptevails among these "practical" men who are
always right. I am not "practical;" that is to
say, 1 never was a bunker. I have studied this
question somewhat, and 1 have my opinions upon
it. I have c-onversed with seveial men, not per-
haps so " practical" as my fiiend, but still who
claim to be " practical bankeis" and interested
m this subject, and their opinions were entirely
different fiom his. If a man's being'a " pi.icti-
cal banker" is to entitle him to settle the question
beyond all possibility of dispute, I should like to
knovv how we are to get along between these dif-
ferent practical gentlemen who are all of them
suie to be right, and there being no very great
superioiity of one over the other so far as opin-
ions are coneeined.
But the Senator argues that we have-already
sequestrated a certain amount of property; th_at
is, we have exempted it from State taxation.
Tiiat is true; and that very tiling is a difficulty
that is upon us now. We did it for good and suf-
ficient reasons. It was m the exigencies of the
country, that we might i"duce capitalists to invest
in this very species of pioperty, lend their money
lo the Govtrnmen:, f-.r it was a bonus'given to
them to do it. '',' :■ i has taken out five hundred
millions ormn(,.< of capital from She States which
is not cow s.,' j.T.t to State taxation. What is the
result? li ..Ire.idv'ueynuMiii.'-to b- i--it and com-
olamed out s'iil it isdmie. [fit v. to be done
over again m the same exigency of the country
I would do it over again; but is thatn reason why
