1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24S
Laws of the, United States.
33th Gong. 1st Sess.
to either destination, shall be disposed of as the
Postmaster General shall direct.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That letter
carriers shall be employed at such post offices as
the Postmaster General shall direct for the de-
livery of letters in the places respectively where
such post offices are established; and for their
services-they shall severally receive a salary to
be prescribed l^r the Postmaster General, not ex-
ceeding eight hundred dollars per year: Provided,
That, on satisfactory evidence of their diligence,
fidelity, and experience as carriers, the Postmas-
ter General may increase their respective salaries
from time to time, to any sum not exceedingone
thousand dollars; and each of the said carriers
shall give bond, with sureties, to be approved by
the Postmaster General, for the safe custody and
delivery of all letters, packets, and moneys re-
ceived by him.
Sec. 15. And he it further enacted, That all ex-
penses for the letter carriers, branch offices, and
receiving boxes, or incident thereto, shall be en-
tered and reported in a separate account from the
ordinary postal expenses of such post office, and
shall be shown in comparison with the proceeds
of .the postages on local mail matter ateach office,
in order that the Postmaster General may be
guided in the expenditures for that branch of the
postal service by income derived therefrom.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
eighth, eleventh, fourteenth, seventeenth, and
eighteenth sections of the act entitled "An act to
amend the laws relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment," approved March three, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, the provisions of which have
been modified and incorporated in this act, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 17. Jlndbe it further cnacted i That the spe-
cial agent of the Post Office Department in the
'Pacific States and Tenitoiies shall receiveascom-
pensation five dollars per diem.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCVIII.—An Act making an additional
Grant of Lunds to the State of Kansas to aid
in the Construction of Railroad and Telegraph
Lines.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the Unilfd Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, granted
to the State of Kansas, to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from Emporia,
via Council Grove, to a point near Fort Riley, on
the branch Union Pacific railroad, in said State,
every alternate section of land designated by odd
numbers for ten sections in width on each side of
said road: Provided, That this grant shall be sub-
ject to all theprovisions,restrictions,limitations,
and conditions, m regard to selection and location
of lands and otherwise, -of an act of Congress
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, entitled "An act for a grant of lands
to the State of Kansas, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads and
telegraphs in said State:" Provided, That said
railroad shall be a public high way and shall trans-
port troops and munitions of war of the United
States free of charge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
branch railroad and telegraph from " Lawrence,
by the valley of the Wafcartisa river, to a point
on the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fee railroad,
where said road intersects the Neosho river,"
to aid in the construction of which a grant of
lands was made by the said act of thiid of March
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall be so
changed as to run from Lawrence to Emporia,
and have and receive the grant of lands made by
said act: Provided, That the line of railroad and
telegraph from Leavenworth, by way of Law-
rence and the Ohio City crossing of the Osage
river, to the southern line of the State in the di-
rection of Galveston bay, shall run via Baldwin
city.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CXCIX.—An Act to encourage and facil-
itate Telegraphic Communication between the
Eastern and "Western Continents.
Whereas the Governments of Russia and
Great Britain have granted to Perry MacDonough
Collins, a citizen of the United States, the right
to construct and maintain a line of electric tele-
graph through their respective territories, from
the mouth of the Amoor river, in Asiatic Russia,
by way of Behring's strait and along the Pacific
coast to the northern boundary of the United
States, with a view of thereby uniting-the 'tele-
graphic systems of both continents, and of pro-
moting international and commercial intercourse;
and whereas, the Government of Russia, in fur-
therance of that object, is now constructing aline
of' telegraph through its Asiatic territory to unite
at the mouth of the Amoor river With the line
projected by said Collins; and whereas the Gov-
ernment of the United States desires cordially to
cooperate with Russia and Great Britain in the
establishment and maintenance of such a line of
communication: Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That Perry MacDonough Collins, of
California, his associates and assignees, shall have
the right to construct and maintain a line or lines
of telegraph from any point or points on the line
of the Pacific telegraph, constructed in pursu-
ance of the act of Congress, approved Jurte six-
teen, eighteen hundred and sixty, northerly,
th rough an y of the Terri toriesoftheUnited States,
to the boundaries of British America, with such
branch lines as may be needed to open commu-
nication with the various mining districts and
other settlements in said Territories. And for
the purposes aforesaid, the said Colling, his as-
sociates and assignees, shall have a permanent
right of way over any unappropriated public lands
of the United States, together with the right to
take any timber and stone for construction pur-
poses; and for the purpose of establishing and
maintaining said lines and the stations necessary
for the repair and working thereof, there is hereby
granted to said parties the use of so much unap-
propriated public lunds not sold, granted, re-
served, preempted, nor occupied by homestead
settlers, as maybe necessary for stations, not ex-
ceeding forty acres for each fifteen miles of line
constructed across the public lands of the United
States, so long as the same may be used for said
Purpose: Provided, however, That so much of sec-
tion one of this act as authorizes the construction
of telegraph lines to open communications with
the various mining distrittsand other settlements
in said Territories, shall be null and void, unless
said branch lines shall be completed within five
years from the approval hereof.
Sec. 2. And be, it further enacted, That in order
to encourage and aid the construction of said
line of telegraph beyond the limits of the United
States, the Secretary of the Navy is authorized
to detail for the use of the surveys and soundings
along that portion of the Pacific coast both of
America and Asia, where it is proposed to estab-
lish said telegraph, one steam or sailing vessel,
in his discretion, to assist in surveys and sound-
ings, laying down submerged cable, and in trans-
porting materials connected therewith, and gen-
erally afford such assistance as may be deemed
best calculated to secure a successful promotion
of the enterprise.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the
Government of the United States shall, at all
times, have priority in the use of the line or lines,
so far as the same are within its territory, and
shall have the light, when authorized by law, to
connect said line or lines by-telegraph with any
military posts of the United Stales, and to use
thesameforGovernmentpurposes. And inorder
to secure the same from injury by savages or
other evil-disposed persons, to the interruption
of the public business, the Secretary of War is
authorized to direct the commanders of the mil-
itary districts or stations, and other officers, act-
ing under authority of the United States in the
Territories traveised by said telegraph, to use
any available force at- their command to protect
the same. Subject to the right of prior use by
the Government, as aforesaid, said line or lines
shall be at all times open to the public and to any
other telegraph company upon the payment of
the regular charges for transmission of dispatchcs,
and all dispatches received shall be tramsmitted
over said line and lines m the order of their re-
ception at the telegraphic office; and the answers
to said dispatches shall be"delivered to such 'ptfr-
ties as may be directed by the sender. •
Sec. 4. Andbe it further tntwted,THat the Better
to accomplish the object of this act, namelyy to
promote.the public interest and welfare, by facil-
itating international and commercial itifercoarte
between the eastern and western contfnentb in
the construction of said telegraph, and keeping
the same in working order, and to 'sedure to? the
Government at all times, butparticularly in time
of war, the use and benefits'of the same for dip-
lomatic, naval, military,postal, commercial, and
other purposes, Congress may, at any time, add
to, alter, amend, or repeal,this act. .
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the rate
of charges for public or private messages shall not
exceed on said line the average usual rates in
Europe and America for the same service, or suah
rates as shall be ascertained and fixed by a con-
vention between the United States, Russia, si d
Great Britain; Provided, That it shall not be law-
ful for the owners or officers of said telegraph line
to make any contract, either.directly or through
any intervening party or parties, for the trans-
mission of dispatches for any newspaper oi-.news-
paper association, upon terms different from those
open to the enjoyment of all other newspapers or
newspaper associations.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CC.—An Act repealing so much of "Ail
Act to supply Deficiencies in tlie Appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal yfcar ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four,and for other purposes," approved
March fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, as appropriates twenty-five thousand dol-
lars for erecting a Naval Xiospital at Kittery,
Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in CiMgress
assembled, That so much of " an act to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the servide
of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for othgr
Eurposes," approved .March fourteen, eighteen
undred and sixty-four, as appropriates "for
erecting naval hospital at Kittery, Maine, twemty-
five thousand dollars, "be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCI.—An Act to providefor the Efficiency
of the Navy.
JBe it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any person enlisted in thS mili-
tary serviee of the United States, who shall apply
to the Navy Department to be transferred to the
Navy or marine corps shall, if his application be
approved by the President of the United States,
be transferred to the Navy or marine corps to
servfe the residue of his term o'fenlistment therein,
subject to the laws and regulations for the gov-
ernment of theNavy: Provided, That such trans-
fer shall not release the transferred person from
any indebtedness to the Government, nor, without
the consent of the President of the United States,
from any penalty incurred for a breach of military
law.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnaeted, That any
seaman or mariner, or person who may have
served as such, drafted into the military service,
may, by order of the President of the United
States, be transferred to the naval service, to
serve therein, subject to the laws and regulations
for the government of the Navy, for the term, or
residue of the term, for which he was drafted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all en-
listments into the naval service or miirjne corps
during the present war shall be credited to the
appropriate township, precinct, or district, in the
same manner as enlistments for the Army.
Sec. 4. And be it furthir enacted, That persons
hereaftlr enlisted into thenaval service or marine
corps during the preseftt war shall be entitled to
receive the same bounty as if enlisted in the Army.
And the resolution approved February twenty-
four, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled
"A resolution relative to the transfer of persons
in the military service to the naval service," is
