1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
of Ways and Means have, in the usual way, re-
ported an appropriation of $90,000 for the exten-
sion or enlargement of the present navytyard at
Philadelphia. That appropriation has been ap-
proved unanimously by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who are supposed to be conversant with
that special subject.
I understand it to be objected by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] that this thing
has not been estimated for and recommended by
the Navy Department. If the gentleman will turn
to the report of the chief of Yards and Docks,
who has these matters specially in charge, he will
find the following:
" The extent of the present yard is entirely too small for
the object in view, but land and good water front adjacent,
sufficient to inciease the yard to about double its present
area, can be obtained at a lair price, say about $300,000.'1
I hold in my hand a letter from the command-
ant of the yard, addressed to the members of Con-
gress from Pennsylvania upon this floor at the
last session of Congress, and J suppose his facts
and reasons exist now as then. It is as follows:
Philadelphia, June 19, 1862.
Dear Sir: When I last wrote to you 1 did so through
an amanuensis. 1 am not much better now, but must again
bring to your notice the inteiests of our navy-yard. This
new project of the Mayor and City Councils of moving the
yard to League Island is all a matter of speculation with
a party here to draw four or five million dollars fiom the
Government, out of which they would make splendid for-
tunes, while the United Stales would be a loser at every
turn. If the city even buysthe property, and presents it to
the Government, the latter would still be a loser, for it
would take at least foui or five years to prepare the place be-
fore an attempt could be made to use it, and this, too, at
an outlay of millions; besides, the island lsunfitfor it, being
constantly overflowed, winch would render an immense ex-
penditure necessary for filling in, wharfing, making docks,
&c., See. Now, at our pre^nt location we have most of
the requisites for a very efficient havy-yard.
We have a floating dry dock, surpassed by none in the
world, elected at a cost "of over a million dollars, which
would be enthely destroyed by this removal, and another
one be neccs^ary at the new location, costing perhaps double
the sum. We h.i^eship-houses, timber-shed^, store-houses,
work-shops, steam-works, and almost all we need to make
ours a first-class yard, and all those buildings built and paid
for. All wc want is more space, which we can have to a
large extent south ot us. the property—Mernck's and all—
with the additional buildings necessary for our purposes,
not costing one twentieth of the sum which League Island
would co- t, Besides, it is absolutely necessary for the pto-
tection of the Government interests that we should have
and acquire the two adjoining lots ar once; for, admitting
the probability of removing the present yatd to League Inl-
and, long before we could occupy that place the Govern-
ment would lose five times the amount a-ked for the lots
because of the unneeessaiy labor we have to perform in
consequeitec of our ciowded space a* I endoavoied to bhow
\ou in my last letter. Whatever be the result of the present
movement, these lots ought to be bought, in order to save
more than five times their cost, and besides, end the matter
as it may, the pioperty will be incicasing in value ovoij
year, and would far more than pay for itself if eventually
sold.
Will you give this matter your attention, and endeavor
to gel an nppiopuation for the puichase, giving us a chance
to do the United States justice in our operations, and saving
vast sum5' of money now expended for useless labor, if we
had tins space to operate upon?
Signed by commandant of yaid or his secretary.
G. J. PENDERGIIAST,
Commundaiil.
Therefore it comes to us recommended by the
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, com-
mended by theeommandantof the yard, approved
by the Committee of Ways and Means, and also
recommended by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. The present yard consists of only seven-
teen acres, the smallest navy-yard in the United
States. This proposed addition will nearly double
its capacity. Every gentleman must be sensi-
ble that with the addition to our Navy in the
last two years, with the improvement in naval
architecture which has entiiely revolutionized
that service in the world, therecxists a very large
necessity for increased naval accommodations. I
do not suppose this enlargement will meet that
necessity, but I do suppose that if the Govern-
ment enlarges this yard, as a matter of economy,
to make it useful for any purpose, it will obviate
the necessity of this immense swindle which is
contemplated concerning League Island, which
would cost the Government untold millions of
dollars. I shall vote for this proposition as a
stopper to that.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the House 1
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. For- j
ney, their Secretary, informing the House that j
the Senate had rescinded its agreement to the re- 1
port of the committee of conference on the disa- j
freeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. i
R. No. 122) to increase the internal revenue, and
for other purposes, and further insisted upon its
third, fifteenth, and sixteenth amendments to the
said bill, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and agreed to a further committee of
conference asked for by the HouseofRepresent-
atives on the said bill; "and had appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Hendricks as
such committee on the part of the Senate.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr, HOLMAN. If the appropriation of this
sum of money will, as seems to be the argument
ofthe gentleman from Connecticut, dispense with
the necessity of expending vast sums of money
at New London, Connecticut, or League Island,
I think this expenditure would be wisely made.
But if the gentleman means that this sum of money
should be appropriated for the benefit of the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard for the mere purpose of an
argument against the purchase of League Island,
I should protest against such motives in legisla-
tion. The gentleman seems to apprehend that
unless the Philadelphia navy-yard is enlarged
" the League Island swindle"—I indulge in mere
quotation—may be consummated, and if "the
League Island swindle "is not consummated, then
that the New London project will be adopted.
That may or may not be considered the fair and
legitimate inference from the gentleman's argu-
ment. I therefore freely yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut to state whether he considers
that this appropriation of $90,000 for the purpose
of neaily doubling, as is .said by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevlns,] the capacity
of the Philadelphia yard will be able to dispense
with the necessity of laying out avast si„«m of
money in the future in establishing a navy-yard
either at New London or at League Island. So
far as I am concerned, representing a western con-
stituency, among whom no money for such pur-
poses i3 expended, and where the subject of econ-
omy has more weight than any local consideration,
if the gentleman says that the enlargement ofthe
Philadelphia navy-yard will dispense with the
necessity of founding a navy-yard to be com-
pleted, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania says,
years hence, at New London or League Island,
\ think the appropriation of this $90,000 will be
well made.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
withdiew his amendment
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I renew the
amendment. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that this ap-
propriation will not be hazarded by complicating
it with any other scheme, whether at League
Island or elsewhere.
The simple fact in regard to this matter, so far
as I know—and I believe 1 undeistand it pretty
well — is that the necessity for enlarging the navy-
yard ar Philadelphia arises from the greatly in-
creased number of vessels in the Navy. It is pre-
cisely the same reason which requires an enlarge-
ment of the navy-yard at Boston, and which will
require increased facilities for repairing ships at
Norfolk, Port Royal, and Key West. The facili-
ties which the Government at present possesses
for carrying on this work are entirely too small.
I had recently an opportunity of making a per-
sonal inspection ofthe crowded condition of the
navy-yard at Philadelphia. Vessels were lying
three or four deep at the wharves, and it was with
the utmost difficulty that the operations of the
yard could be successfully carried on.
As nearly as I can estimate it, the amount of
space made by this purchase would be equivalent
to an enlargement of more than half the present
capacity of the yard.
Aside from immediate facilities for the repair
and construction of vessels thcie, which are very
much needed, 1 think that if this purchase be
made the yard will be available for the number
of years that must elapse before it will be possi-
ble to construct a new navy-yard at any other
point, and that the value of the property will be
likely to be greatly enhanced at the time the Gov-
ernment will have to dispose of it, instead of de-
creasing m value.
I hope no opposition will be made to this appro-
priation, because I believe that the purchase of
this tract of land will be a very economical oper-
ation for the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether the enlargement of
the navy-yard at Philadelphia to the extent now
proposed will dispense with the necessity of build-
ing a navy-yard either at League Island or at New
London, Connecticut?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I'will say to
my friend from Indiana that I do not think the
purchase of this piece of land has any connection
with the subject of building a navy-yard at League
Island or anywhere else. The project of build-
ing a navy-yard at League Island is connected
with the idea of constructing iron naval vessels.
The idea is not to build a new navy-yard like the
existing yards of the country, but a yard that
shall be especially adapted to thfc construction of
iron sea-going vessels and other vessels of a'sim-
ilar description, and it is not at all likely, as I said
before, that the purchase of this piece of prop-
erty will affect in one way or the other the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard at League Island.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do the Committee on Naval
Affairs propose to report a bill for the purpose of
establishing a navy-yard either at League Island
or New London during the present session of
Congress ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will say, in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana, that that is
one of the subjects now under consideration by
the Committee on Naval Affairs. Under the or-
der of this House, that committee have had Xhe
subject under very careful and laborious consid-
eration and investigation for several weeks, and
have examined some of the spots at which it is
proposed to locate this yard. They will be pre-
pared to report as soon as they shall have pos-
sessed themselves of the facts in the case in order
that they may present to the House reasons for
or against. But the recommendation of this ap-
propiiation by the committee has no connection
with the League Island scheme.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will
not prevail. As a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs I have been very strenuous in my
efforts to cut down to the lowest possible extent
the appropriations for the Navy, but I am led to
believe from the testimony which was adduced
before the committee that the sums appropriated
for the extension of the yard at Boston, and the
extension of the yard at Philadelphia,are imper-
atively necessary to the success of our Navy at the
present time. I think there isno oneappropriation,
no one item in this bill, more material to the best
interests of the Navy than are these two. I say
this without reference to League Island or any
other navy-yard within theJCJnited Slates. I speak
only in regard to the interests of the Navy as in-
volved in this question. I think the best interests
of the country require us to make this appropri-
ation.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, withdrew his
amendment. *
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out i\)£ last
word. I do not know, Mr. Chairman, thatit was
necessary for the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Brandegee] to rise in his place and under-
take to defend the interests of the State of Penn-
sylvania. I do not know that this is the time for
members from Pennsylvania to be drawn into a
discussion of the merits of League Island or the
merits of New London as a naval station. It may
do very well for the gentleman from Connecticut
to endeavor to prejudice the Committee of the
Whole in regard to League Island, but I do not
think he has succeeded in the remarks he has
made. Sir, I waited for the chairman of the Na-
val Committee to let us know something about
the $90,000 proposed to be appropriated here.
We have heard now from the chaitman; we have
heard fiom other members of that committee,
do not think this committee is now willing to be
drawn into the discussion as to where a gieat iron
naval station should be located.
I do not know where the big swindle is of which
the gentleman spoke, ltmay be in New London.
I do not think it is in Philadelphia. I think we
have presented to the Naval Committeealocation
for an iron navtil station which is the best the
country affords, and I am glad to be able to ex-
press my belief that that question will be consid-
ered fairly by the Naval Committee. When that
committee shall report we will then have before
us all the facts, on which we can act with intelli-
