HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0.
RIYES, WASHINGTON, D.
0.
Thirty-Eighth Cokgress, 1st Session. SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1864.
New Sbiues No
179.
Mr. HARLAN-. The principle, if I compre-
hend it, is precisely the same. They contract to
pa^ the money, and a'debt is incurred. If it is
without authority of law, of course it is a liabil-
ity incurred by the party himself as an individual,
and if he applies to Congress for an appropriation
to meet it, it is a private claim; it was not author-
ized by law, and of course must go bytheboaid;
so that in every ease where an officer of the Gov-
ernment exceeds an appropriation, if the Sena-
tor's idea should be carried out, he must present
a private claim to Congress. It seems to me that
that principle has never been acted on here. An
emergency arises, and the officer of the Govern-
ment believing the emergency justifies him in
making provision for the case, either incurs a
debt or takes the money from some other appro-
priation and meets it, expecting- that Congress
will approve what has been done, and make the
appropriation when Congress shall again convene.
I do not doubt myself that this money has been
paid; that is,"informally paid. I do not perceive
how the party could proceed to negotiate this
treaty without the expenditure of either his own
money or the money of the Government. The
presumption is that he drew on the Commissfoner
and the Commissioner sent him an amount of
money sufficient to dt-fray the expenses. It may
not have been charged to any account; it probably
has not been; but it is a liability incurred by the
officer in carrying out the duties of th v office for
the Government, and not for any individual. It
seems to me it does nut involve the principle stated
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I requested the chief cleik
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to sit by
my side while we were acting upon this bill in
order that if any difficulty arose I might inquire
of him and get. information as to some particular
facts. Fie informs me that the expenses of Gov-
ernor Doty were paid. lie also presented to the
Department his account at eight dollars per day
for his services; but the Department could not
allow it, and it rests in that way. In their esti-
mates for deficiencies the Department have esti-
mated this among the deficiencies to enable them
to meet what is a just claim. I will state to my
honorable friend from Ohio that I do not look
upon this as in the nature of a private claim. It
is a deficiency incurred by the Department m the
peiformance of its duty as such and in the nego-
tiation of these treaties.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have we authorized them
to make those treaties?
Mr. DOOLITTLE Yes, sir; they were au-
thorized to make them; the treaties have been
confirmed; and as this amendment provides for a
deficiency I think we had better allow it to go on
this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. i wish to say in reply to a
remark made by the Senator from Ohio, that if
this is a private claim the examination and in-
vestigation of it certainly do not belong to the
Committee on Claims. By a law of Congress,all
claims growing out of contracts, either express or
implied, go tolhe Couit of Claims. It could not
be considered by the Committee on Claims un-
less there was a special resolution passed giving
that committc jurisdiction of it.
I wish to say in addition, that I consider tins
as one of the most econonucalappiopriations to
make a treaty in that part of the country that
could have been made. If you had sent a man
from the Indian office out thereto make the treaty,
his expenses, his stage fare and railroad faie m
going across the continent would have consumed
he.lflhis amount. Tins is one of the most eco-
nomical measures, at any rate, that could have
been conceivcd of to make a treaty in that section
of the country. If there was a law of Congress
authorizing that treaty to be made, this is a legit-
imate expense growing out of a law of Congiess.
I do not know whether there was or not; but if
there was, it was a legitimate expenditure of the
Indian office, and the Commissioner had the right
to make it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this is not u private
179
claim, I do not know how you can get a private
claim. Here is a person who claims pay for ser-
vices that he has rendered. He was employed
\vithoutany authority oflaw. The Senator from
Kansas knows very well that a law is not passed
to make a treaty. The treaty itself comes here
and is ratified by the Seriate. The Senate may
or may not ratify the treaty.
Mr.'POMEROY. The Senator is aware that
no treaty can be made unless the party making it
is authorized to do so either by a law of Congress
or by the decision of the Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware that n
treaty cannot be made without a law being passed
to authorize it. I suppose all or nearly all our
treaties are made without consulting Congress.
The executive authority takes it upon himself to
negotiate a treaty with "some foreign Power, and
that treaty 
Mr. POMEROY. In reference to Indian trea-
ties there is a special law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And when the treaty is
concluded or agreed upon by the parties it is sub-
mitted or rather sent for ratification to the Sen-
ate, and unlessit is ratified it amounts to nothing.
These agreements that we entermto with the In-
dians we call " treaties." I think it amisnomer
myself. They are little more than enactments of
Congress. We change and alter them pretty much
as we please after we have made them. But I think
this is a private claim. I submit the question to
the decision of the Chair, whether it is not a pri-
vate claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has not any doubt that it is a private claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thenit is not iu order on
this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I will state that I believe this
case is not unlike some that have occurred in con-
nection with our foreign relations, ^nd they have
been treated as private claims. There are one or
two instances that come to my mind now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can only say that if it
be a piivate claim I believe it is a good one. I
shall not raise any question on the decision of the
Chair.
I now offer an amendment for the purpose of
carrying into effect the late treaty which was rati-
fied between the United Slates and the Red lake
and Pembina Indians of Minnesota iu that large
puichase. The amendment includes several ap-
propriations to carry out the several articles of the
treaty.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert after hue eleven hundred and ninety-five,
page 49, the following:
Chtppowns of Heel Lake and IVmbma:
For tins amount a-? annuity to be p.tid j?c> capita to th-e
Rod lako b«nd of ;i-, during tin' plpasute of the
Prevalent, per llwd article o! iK-aiy  >f Oi-toru i 2, lftj3,and
second aruele supplnuent.uv to tiowty Api>l 1*2, J£64, ap-
jiiovod Apiil 25, JfUi, #10.U(W.
Tor thi  amount to the Pembina band of Ohipppwas, per
is,une auicle and nouiv, dunng the pleasure oi the Pre^i-
dem. £5,eoo.
For tli.; liis-t of lifteon m.<-ta)lmehN to lie upended annu
allv foi the purpose of Mipplymg litem with twine,
cotton matfei, enhco, Inii-ev, blanket^, s-hecunp. uannois,
provisions, farming tools, and 101 such other iui ai uotfcw,
and foi suel; other u&etni pinpo^e&tfh snav be deemed for
their be^t mteie-ts poi article of the supplementary tieatv
Apiil 12, 1804,^,000.
For the ot fm«i< u installment^ foi same objects for
the Pembina band of Ulnppevvas.. pu third artieio oi the
supplementary treaty Aptil 1-, 1SG-1. £4,OUO.
For the ih r-t of fife ecu uis-i aline* !«m lUe pay ot one black
smith, one plijsiei.it> who shall fnrui-di medicine tor the
Mck, one millei, ai'd one tdiuici. per fourth utuele s?upple-
meinarv treaty of Aptii l-\ IctM, .sj'J/JOO.
Foi fi'iM of litU'cii n.l nillniv nt- for the purchase oi lion
and steel and other at Ucr- lor hlacksmithimspuipos^per
fouith atucle snpplonu.ritury treaty Apni 12. Ifcsu4, £l .oOU.
Foi intt of liiteen in-ullmem!-- to he c\p< mlod tor oar-
rtemeiinu and othei pnip« «.p<, per touitl) ailicle of suppie-
merifaiylreatv Apiil 1*2, lSb4, gl,UU0.
For iiii< amount t«  be e\p<-nded in building a r.aw-mill
with a lun o! suill-.-tone.- atmcbeo, per rilth article supple-
mental}' ttea'y Apulia, ^d,b00.
For tin- amount t<  be past' to the cmete of said baud-*
thsouyh then asi'Mit#, per niuiui atfirit- tieaiy Oaobor 9,
lKS3,a*. ain«-od. "d Match K IPM, find modified by the siXM
aiticle .supplementary ticaty Apiil 1*2, 1864, £:*b,OO0. _
For ibih amount lor the p.i>rueiit of claunb oi uijused
persons for depredations committed by said Indian', on thp
Jood-j oinei turn British and \merican traders at the mouth
of lied lake, and for exactions forcibly levied on the pro-
prietor of steamboats plying on JEted river, to" bo- paid In
lull and the remainder to be paid pro ?«£aupon the debts of
.said tribe incuned since the 1st day of January, 1S59, to
be asceitained by the agents in connection with the chiefs,
per fourth article treaty October 2,1863, as amended March
1,1861, and modified by the sixth article supplementary
treaty April 12, 3864, $75,000.
For this amount to defray the expense of cutting out a
road from I>each hike to Red river, per filth article ot treaty
October 2, 1863, $5,060.
For the fir t of liiteen installments to defray the expense
of a board of visitors to consist of not more than three pei-
kodh to attend upon tile annuity payments of thesald'Chip-
pewa Indians, whose salary shall not exceed live dollars
per day, nor moie than twenty days, and ten cents per mile
traveling expense's, and not to exceed three hundred miles,
per sixth article of treaty October 2, 1863, $390.
For insurance and transportation of annuity goods and
provisions and material for building mill, including ma-
chineiy, iion, and stool foj blacksmiths, &e., for the Chip-
pevvas'of Rod lake and Pembina tribe, $10,000.
For this amount to deftay the expense of bringing on Hie
delegation of Chippevvas of lied lake and Pembina tribe,
and to defray their <*xpence«  while detained in this city in
making treaty, and their return to their home, $l?,50th
For this amount to defray the expense of aboard of visit-
ors, to consist of not more than three persons, to intend
upon the annuity payments of the Mississippi and tbe Pil-
laijerand Lake Winueba^oshish bands of Chippewa Indians
In Minnesota, whose saiaiyshaU not exceed five dollars per
day, and not to be employed more than twenty days to at-
tend upon any one payment and the duties connected there-
with, and ten cents per mile lor travel, not exceeding three
hundred miles, per donate amendment to seventh nrtlcia
treaty of March 11,3 863, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1854, §390.
£<une lor fiscal yeai ending June 30, 1865, $>«i90.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are ull those appropria-
tions to carry out tin* treaty?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is one item in that
amendment which is not in the treaty,and about
which I should like to make an inquiry of the Sen-
atorfrom Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson,] whom I
do not now see in his seat. 1 had supposed that
each of the provisions of the amendment was-to
cover something contained in the treaty, I will
ask, therefore, that the matter stand open for the
time being, by unanimous consent, until i can see
the Senator from Minnesota abotjt it.
The PRESIDENT projenpdrt. The Chair
will suggest that if it ahould'be adopted now, it
will come op again in the Senate, and then K catl
he amended, if neceRmiry.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. Let it be
passed now, and i can move to amend it, if neces-
sary, when the bilfshall be reported to the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On pngo 49, lines eleven
hundred and ninety-eightand eleven hundred and
ninety-nine, i move to strike out the wotds '* su-
per! ntending agents,*' and to insert" superintend-
entnndagTits^'so that the clause will read;
For the general incidental expanses of the Indlanaervico
in California, including travelingexpensea ol the superin-
tendent and agents,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On page 50, line twelve
hundred and two, i move to strike out the worda
" for ihe northern district of," and to insert'the
word " in;" and in the same line to strike out14 35"
and msfiit "5:V so that the clause will read:
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together with
clothing and lood, team* and iarming tooU, for Indians iu
California, $55,000.
Tlie bill its il stands appropriates for the north-
ern noil Koutlipni district of California, whereas
there is but one district in conformity with ex-
isting law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to strike out.
from line twelve hundred and four to line tweltw
hundred and seven inclusive, in the following
words:
For tile purchase ol eaitle for beef and m ilk. toother with
eiotlnm; am! tooil, teams and farming tooU. lot Indiana fur
i the southern dn>tik-t of California, ijyO.WO. .
The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is no provision in
1 the bill us it Htands for the expenses of the Indian
service in Dakota. On the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Interior and the statement ot
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs of the neces-
sity of an appropriation for the Indian nerviee in
