246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
38th Cong.,.. 1st ,Sess.
.Laws of the United States.
hereby repealed: Provided, nevertheless, That such
sums as may have been paid as bounty to per-
. eons transferred-from the military to the naval
. service or marine eo^ps shall be-charged to, and
paid out of, the proper naval appropriation, or
appropriation for the marine corps.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Caap. CCII.—An Act. to establish Portland, in
.the Statq o£ Opegon,.aml Leavenworth, in the
State of Kansas,Ports of Delivery.
Be it enacted by tke Senate and House-of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJhnerica in Congress
assembled, That Portland, in the State of Oregon,
and Withiti the collcction district of Oregon, and
Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas,and within
-the collection district of Mississippi, be, and
hereby are, declared to be ports of delivery within
their respective collection districts. And there
shall be appointed a surveyor of customs, to re-
side at each of said ports, who shall perform the
duties and receive the compensation and emol-
uments prescribed in the act of Congress ap-
proved March the second, eighteen hundred and
thirty-one, being " An actallowmg the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg,
"Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville,and Natchez to be securcd and paid at
those places."
Approvep, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCIII,—An Act to compensate the Officers
and Crew of the iron-clad Gunboat Essex for
the destruction of the rebel Ram Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jimtricain Congress
assembled, That.the sum of twenty-five thousand
dollars be, and thesameis hereby,appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to enable the Secretary of the Navy
to pay to the officers and crew of the iron-clad
gunboat Essex, for the destruction of the rebel
ram Arkansas, the bounty provided by the fourth
section of the act entitled u An art for the better
government of the Navy of the United States,"
.approved July seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCIV.—An Act prescribing the Punish-
ment for enticing or aiding Seamen to desert
the Naval Service of the united States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmericain Congress
assembled, That any person who shall entice or
procure, or attempt or endeavor to entice or pro-
cure any seaman or other person in the naval
service of the United States, or who has been
recruited for such service, to dGsert therefrom, or
who shall in any wise aid or assist any such
seaman or other person in deserting, or in attempt-
ing to desert from said naval servico, or who shall
harbor, conceal, protect, or ia any wise assist
any such seaman or other person who may have
deserted from said naval service, knowing him to
have deserted therefrom, or who shall lefuse to
give up and deliver such person on the demand
of any officer authorized -to receive him, shall
be punished by imprisonment not less than six
months nor more than three years, and by fine
of not more than two thousand dollars, to be en-
forced in any court of the United States having
jurisdiction.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCV.—An Act for the disposal of Coal
Lands and of Town Property in the Public
Domain.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the U7iitedStatesofJhnericain Congress
assembled, That where any tracts embracing coal
beds or coal fluids, constituting portions of the
public domain, and which, as 44 mines," are ex-
cluded from the preemption act of eighteen hun-
dred and forty-one, and which under past legis-
lation are not liable to ordinary private entry, it
shall and may be lawful for the President to cause
such tracts, in suitable legal subdivisions, to be
offered at pubiic sale to the highest bidder, after
public notice of not less than three months, at a
minimum price of twenty doilais per aciej and
any lands not thus disposed of shall thereafter be
liable to private entry at said minimum.
Sec. 2. Jind be it fu/rther enacted, That in any
case in which parties have already founded, or
may hereafter desire to found, a city or town on
the public lands, it shall and may be lawful for
them to cause to be filed with the recorder for
the county in which the same is situated, a plat
thereof, for not exceeding six hundred and forty
acres, describing its exterior boundaries accord-
ing to the lines of the public surveys, where such
surveys have beenexecuted; also giving the name
of such city or town, and exhibiting the streets,
squares, blocks, lots, and alleys, the size of the
same, with measurements and area of each muni-
cipal subdivision, the lots in which shall each
not exceed four thousand two hundred square
feet, with a statement of the extent and general
character of the improvements; the said map$nd
statement to be verified under oath by the party
acting for, and in behalf of, the persons propos-
ing to establish such city or town; and within
one month after such filing there shall be trans-
mitted to the General Land Office a verified tran-
script of such map and statement, accompanied
by the testimony of two witnesses that such city
or town has been established in good faith, and
when the premises arc within the limits of an
organized land district, a similar map and state-
ment shall be filed with the register and receiver,
and at any time after the filing of such map,
statement, and testimony in the General Land
Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Pres-
ident to cause the lotsembraced within the limits
of such city or town to be offered at public sale
to the highest bidder, subject to a minimum of
ten dollars for each lot; and such lots as may not
be disposed of at public sale, shall thereafter be
liable to private entry at said minimum, or at
such reasonable increase or diminution thereafter
as the Secretary of the Interior nnty order from
time to time, after at least three months' notice,
in view of the increase or decrease in the value
of the municipal property; Provided, That any
actual settler upon any one lot, as aforesaid, and
upon any additional lot in which he may have
substantial improvements, shall be entitled to
prove up and purchase the same asa preemption,
at said minimum, at any lime before the day
fixed for the public sale.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further evaded. That when
such cities or towns are established upon unsur-
v,t ynd lands, it shalland may be lawful, after the
extension thereto of the public surveys, to adjust
the extension limits of the premises according to
those lines, where it can be done without inter-
ference with rights which may be vested by sale;
and patents for all lots so disposed of at public
or private sale shall issue as in ordinary cases.
Sue. 4. Jind be it further enacted, Thatif within
twelvemonths from the estabhshmenfof a city
or town, as aforesaid, in the public domain, the
parties interested shall refuse or fail to file in the
General Land Office transcript map with the state-
ment and testimony called for by the provisions
of the second section of this act, it shall and may
belawful forthc Secretary of the Interior to cause
a survey and plat to be made of such city or town,
and thereafter the lots in the same shall be dis-
posed of as required by said provisions, with this
exception, that they shall each be at an increase of
fifty per centum on the aforesaid minimum of ten
dollars per lot.
Sec. 5. JJnd he it further enacted. That effect
shall be given to. the foregoing act, according to
such regulations as may be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior. The act entitled "An act
for the relief of the citizens of towns upon the
lands of the United States, under certain cir-
cumstances," approved May twenty-three, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and forty-four,and all
other acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
act; be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCIX.—An Act to repeal the Act of the
seventeenth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, prohibiting the Sales of Gold and
Foreign Exchange.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives njthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, f hat the act entitled 14 An act to pro-
hibitcertain sales of gold and foreign exchange,"
approved June seventeen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four,'be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCX.—An Act making Appropriations
for sundry Civil Expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-five, ai^d for other pur-
poses.
' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre~
sentativesoflhe United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
viz:
survey of the coast.
For the survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts
of the United States, including compensation of
civilians encaged in the work, and excluding pay
and emoluments of officers of the Army and Navy,
arid petty officers and men of the Navy em-
ployed in the work, one hundred and seventy-
eight thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, including compensation of civilians
engaged in the work, and excluding pay and
emoluments of officers of the Army a'nd Navy, and
petty officers and men of the Navy employed in
the work, eleven thousand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, including compensation of civilians em-
ployed in the work, four thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schooners
used in the coast survey, four thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for four
steamers used in the hydrography of the coast
survey, no longer supplied by the Navy Depart-
ment, nine thousand dollars.
light-house establishment.
Fur the Atlantic, Gulf and Lake Coasts, viz:
Forsupplying theligh t-housesand beacon-lights
with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, and other neces-
sary expenses of the same, and repairing and
keeping in repair the lighting apparatus, one hun-
dred and fifty-six thousand and eighty-seven dol-
lars. *
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improving light-houses and buildings con-
nected therewith, one hundred and two thousand
two hundred dollars.
For salaries of five hundred and eighty-nine
keepers of light-houses and lighted beacons, and
theii assistants, two hundred and thirteen thou-
sand one hundred and ninety-three dollars and
thirty-three cents.
For salaries of forty-three keepers of light-
vessels, twenty-three thousand mne hundred dol-
lars.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and
incidental expenses of forty-three light-vessels,
one hundred and eighty-two thousand three hun-
dred and two dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, rrmooring, and supplying losses of
beacons and buoys, and for chains and sinkers
for the same, one hundred and twelve thousand
three hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting lights
and other aids to navigation, two thousand dol-
lars.
For commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the
same under the proviso to act third March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one, on the amount that
may be or may have been disbursed by them,
ten thousand dollars.
To enable the Light-House Board to reestablish
lights and other aids to navigation, which have
been injured or destroyed, on the southern coast,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For completing the light-house works at Mil-
waukee, in addition to former appropriations,
twelve thousand two hundred and eighty-seven
dollars and twenty-six cents.
