1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong..., 1st
For complet mg the light-house works at Racine,
in addition to former appropriations, twenty-one
thousand three hundred and thirty-five dollars and
twenty-eight cents.
For the erection of a light-house on Point Pen-
insula, between Big and Little Bays de Noguet,
in the State of Michigan, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For beacon-light on Land Point, on the west
side of Little Bay de Noguet, in the State of
Michigan, five thousand dollars.
For beacon-light at the mouth of.Fox river, in
the State of Wisconsin, fife thousand dollars.
For removing and reconstructing becon [bea-
con] lighton Captn [Cape] Henlopen, Delaware,
seventeen thousand five hundred dollars.
For erecting a light-house on Cape Arago,
State of Oregon, fifteen thousand dollars-
For additional aids to navigation to facilitate
the entrance to Portland, Maine, by suitably
marking Aiden's Rock and Bulwark Shoal, or
otherwise, twenty thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be found necessary.
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington.
For supplying twenty light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, glass chimneys, chamois'skins,
polishing powder, and other cleaning materials,
transportation, expenses of keeping lamps and
machinery in repair, and publishing notices to
mariners of changes ofaids to navigation, twenty-
one thousand seven hundred and eighty dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses of twenty
light-houses and buildings connected therewith,
ten thousand dollars.
For salaries of forty keepers and assistant
keepers of light-houses, at an average not exceed-
ing eight hundred dollars per annum, thirty-two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of .raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, remooring, anil supplying losses of
floating buoys and beacons, and for chains and
sinkers for the same, and for coloring and num-
bering all the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
JFor special works, viz:
For repairing breakwater, and rebuilding keep-
er's dwelling at Newport harbor light-house,
Rhode Island, six thousand dollars.
For repairs and renovations at Block Island
light-house, Rhode Island, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two inspectors of customs
acting as superintendents for the life-saving sta-
tions on the coasts of Long Island and New
Jersey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each, ten thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For repairs of the roof of the court-house and
post office at Windsor, Vermont, ten thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For construction and repair of light-boats, t6
be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
public buildings and grounds.
For care, support, and medical and surgical
treatment of forty transient paupers, medical and
surgical patients in some proper medical institu-
tion in the city of Washington, to be selected by
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, six thou-
sand dollars.
For hire of carts on public grounds, two thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools used in the
public grounds, four hundred dollars.
To pay for ashes purchased by the public gar-
dener three years ago for the public grounds, one
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For purchase oftieesand tree-boxes, to replace,
when necessary, such as have been planted by
the United States, to whitewash tree-boxes and
fences, and to repair pavements in front of the
public grounds, three thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, waterclosets,
public stables, water pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass,
and locks, and for the protection of the building,
and keeping the main approaches to it unincum-
bered, eight thousand dollars.
To change Tiber creek, where it runs through
the botanic garden, into a sewer, ten thousand one
hundred and fifty dollars, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner ofPubhe Build-
ings.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to reconstruct five of the old burl-oat [burnt-
out] furnaces now under the old portion of the
Capitol, five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's house and
furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase of
plants for garden, and contingent expenses inci-
dent thereto, six thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, of the President's house, two
thousand four hundred dollars.
For repairs, refitting, and furnishing thePresi-
dent's summer residence at the Soldiers'"Home,
three thousand dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President'shouse;
the public grounds around them, and around the
executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
Bridge and High streets in Georgetown, Kour-
and-a-Half street, Seventh and Twelfth streets
across the Mall, and Maryland avenue west, and
Sixth street south, sixty-three thousandfive hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs of the'Potomac and upper bridges,
six thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, and aid-
ing in keeping it clean and free from dust, six
thousand dollars.
For public reservation number two and La Fay-
ette square, two thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's house, continuing the improvement
of the same, and replacing trees destroyed, re-
pairing fences, and other injuries, five thousand
dollars.
For repairs of water pipes, five hundred dol-
lars.
For cleaning out the sewer traps on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and repairing the same, three hun-
dred dollars.
For casual repairs of all the furnaces under the
Capitol, five hundred dollars.
For deficiency in tiling the floor of the Library
of Congress, one thousand two hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That a matble
floor, similar to that of the Congressional Library
or the Senate vestibule, shall be constructed in
the old Hall of the House of Representatives, us-
ing such mai ble as may be now on hand and not
otherwise required, and that suitable structures
and railings shall be therein erected for the recep-
tion and protection of statuary, and the same
shall be under the supervision and direction of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings; and so
much of the moneys now or heretofore appropri-
ated for the Capitol extension as may be neces-
sary, not exceeding the sum of fifteen thousand
dollars, is hereby set apart and shall be disbursed
for the parses [purposes] hereinbefore mentioned.
And the President is hereby authorized to invite
each and all the States to provide and furnish
statues, in marble or bronze, not exceeding two
in number for each State, of deceased persons
who have been citizens thereof, and illustrious
for their historic renown or from distinguished
civic or military services, such as each State shall
determine to be worthy of this national com-
memoration; and when so furnished the same
shall be placed in the old Hall of the House of
Representatives, in the Capitol of the United
States, which is heieby set apart, or so much
thereof as maybe necessary,as a national statu
ary hall, for the purposes herein indicated.
To reimburse the Commissioner of Public
Buildings for money expended in replacing one
of the iron panels in the ceiling of the Library of
Congress, and to enable the Commissioner to se-
cure all the panels by fastening them with iron
shackles to the roof, five hundred dollars.
For repairs of the basement of the President's
house, three thousand dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to remove the water pipes which conduct
the water from the spring at Franklin square to
the President's house, rendered necessary by the
grading around the Treasury extension, and to
lay them down in another place, five hundred
dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to inclose Franklin square with a wooden
fence, and to guard the same and plant it with
trees and shrubbery, three thousand dollars,
For repairing fence around Armory square,
five hundred and thirty-three dollars.
For painting the iron railing around, the Capi-
tol grounds, fifteen hundred dollars.
For cleaning and painting the crypf and pas-
sages under the rotunda, two thousand dollars.
To pay expenses incurred by the Commissioner
of PublicBuildings in enlarging bench in Suprerne
Court room, one thousand'two hundred and four-
teen dollars. '
For repairs of navy-yard bridge, twenty-five
thousand dollars. •
For balance due the draughtsman for liis ser-
vices iri charge and continuation of the series of
maps ordered by resolution of the fourth May,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, for part of the
fiscal year ending in eighteen hundred and sijety-
two, fifteen hundred and twenty dollars and thirty-
eight cents.
For repairs to the bridge across the Potomac
river at Little Falls, two hundred and fifty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
provide temporary accommodations for th,e State
Department, and for such of the clerk's of the Sec-
ond Auditor of the Treasury as cannot be, ac-
commodated in Winder's building', ten thousand
dollars.
jail of the district of columbia.
For salary of warden of the.jail in the District
of Columbia, from February twenty-ninth to thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
at the rateof sixteen hundred dollars per annum,
live hundred and forty dollarsandsixty-five cents.
smithsonian institute.
For the preservation of the collections of the
exploring and surveying expeditions of the Gov-
ernment, four thousand dollars.
government hospital for the insane.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat- .
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy and
the revenue-cutter serviee, and of the District of
Columbia,at thcGovernment hospital for the in-
sane in said District, including five hundred dol-
lars for books, stationery, and incidental ex-
penses, sixty thousand five hundred dollars.
For finishing,furnishing, heating, and lighting
additional accommodations in the east wing, five
thousand dollars.
For "continuation of the wall inclosing the
grounds of tha hospital, ten thousand dollars. '
For iron coping of the battlement of the hospi-
tal edifice, two thousand five hundred dollars.
The Secretary of th&Navy is hereby author-
ized and required to set apart from the pay of any
officer of the Navy, or of the marine corps, who
may be under treatment by his order in the Gov-
ernment hospital for the insane, such a portion of
the monthly pay of said officer as may be needed
for his personal use and comfort in addition to
the ordinary resources of thatestablishment. The
superintendent of the Government hospital for
the insane shall recommend the portion of the pay
of such officer of the Navy, or of the marine
corps, that shall be set apart in the manner and
for the purpose hereinbefore described, but the
Secretary of the Navy may, in his discretion, in-
crease or reduce the sum so recommended t.o be
set apart. The said sum set apart for the per-
sonal benefit of any officer of the Navy, or of the
marine corps, under treatment in the Government
hospital for the insane, by order of the Secretary
of the Navy, shall be paid to the said superin-
tendent of that institution, by the paymaster hav-
ing charge of the said officer's accounts; and the
receipt of said superintendent for the sum which .
he is authorized by the Secretary of the Navy to
draw from the said paymaster shall be equivalent
to the receipt of the legal guardian of said officer,
or to that of the officer himself. The said super-
intendent shall disburse the money thus set apart
and drawn by him,and he shall account for it in
quarterly statements to the Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury.
botanic garden.
For grading, draining, procuring manure, tools,
fuel, and repairs, purchasing trees and shrubs
under the direction of nhe Library Committee of
Congress, three thousand three hundred dollars.
