1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
pair and keeping in full operation of the havy-
yaids on the seaboards, I cannot but feel thatthese
two appropriations for Norfolk and Pensacola of
a large sujn of money are of a very questionable
character. One of these navy-yards is destroyed;
the other, situated on the eoastof Florida, cannot
be made available for any general purposes.
We-are keeping up and enlarging so many of
these navy-yards that the expense is becoming
enormous. It is well to consider the result. I
have looked over the naval appropriations for
some years past, including the year preceding the
war, and I find that as late as 1860 the appropri-
ation for the Navy was but $12,000,000; in 1862
it was $30,456,294; in 1863it was§42,741,336; in
1864 it waw $92,713,205. And now the Secretary
of the Navy asks an appropriation of $142,63 8,785.
Thus from an appropriation of §12,000,000 at the
beginning of the war, with a i.cspectable Navy
then in the service, we have increased by rapid
progress until $142,000,000 are now required, a
sum double the whole expenditure at the close of
the last Administration; and, sir, you have no as-
surance that this enormous increase will not con-
tinue in the future, year after year, if the piesent
order of things shall continue.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if there had been a cor-
responding benefit from this extraordinary in-
crease of the Navy, no citizen should utter a word
of complaint about it; but with all of this extraor-
dinary outlay in the building and purchase of
vessels, it seems to be a fact, a most humiliating
one, that .we have not a vessel engaged in our
trans-Atlantic commerce that floats under the
American flag. I should hope, out of a just na-
tional pride, that this was an eiror. Our ships
are being sold to English and Fiench owneis—I
say it with reluctancc—thatthey maysail in safety
under the flags of those countries; a foreign flag
to protect American commerce ! Quite recently
apprehensions were felt that our possessions on
the coast of the Pacific would not be safe from the
piratical marauders which, under the patronage
of Great Britain, have been .sent out to burn and
destroy our property on the high s^as. Thus
with this lavish appropriation of money, this im-
mense Navy of six hundred ships, our commerce
is crippled, viitually destroyed. Our ships aie
either driven from the ocean or placed under the
flag of foreign nations. The insignificant navy
of pirate vessels sent on to the high way of nations
through the instrumentality of P.ritish cupidity,
without one single harbor subject to the control
of their owners, is actually employing our whole
Navy, so far as employed at all. The great diffi-
culty, sir, is, not that the Government has not been
sufficiently lavish m expenditure or our Navy
officers and sailors skillful and brave, but that the
administration of the Navy Department has not
been in proper hands. It has indued, sir, been a
failure. Such is the judgment of the country. If
the President of the United States had listened to
the voice of the country, the condition of the
affairs of our Navy might have been greatly
improved; certainly they could not have been
worsted. To the want of ability, or at least of
ability of the proper kind, in the head of the Navy,
are to be attributed the misfortunes to our com-
merce, and the want of life and vigor and activity
to that branch of the public service. The Amer-
ican Navy with a proper head, with an able chief,
could not fail to be effective. Everything that is
done in that Department seems to bo a mistake.
Up to this time, and with this extraordinary ex-
penditure of public trr asure,wc have been scarcely
able to blockade the ports on our coast against
a people who have not a single port under their
control, and who had not a vessel-of-war when
the war began.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am very much
surprised that the gentleman from hid iana should
make the alleged insufficiency of the Navy a rea-
son for withholding the appropriations necessary
to keep it in an efHcientcondition. If he will turn
to the communication from the chief of the Bu-
reau of Yards and Docks he will find that the item
of £50,000 asked for the Pensacola navy-yard is
simply to keep in tepairand efficiency the existing
means at that yard. The necessity of doing this
will become very apparent to the mind of any
gentleman who will foi a moment reflect that this
is one of the points to which the vessels of the
Gulf K'sort when they need repairs and supplies.
I_en(uely sympathize with the remarks of the
gentleman in regard to the necessity of protecting
Amciican commeicc. It is as much a source of
disappointment and mortification to me as it can
be to him or any other American, that our com-
merce should he to sogreatan extentdriven from
the stftis, and that the carrying trade of the world
should be transferred from under the American
flag.
* MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose,and a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announcing that the Senate had passed
an act relating to acting assistant paymasters in
the Navy; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
NAVAL Al'PHOPKIATIQN BILL—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I think the gentleman from Indiana is en-
tirely mistaken in attributing that result to any
inefficiency upon the partoftheNavy Department.
If he will iccall the increase of facilities which
have been made by that Department since the re-
bellion commenced lie will find that there is no
paiallel m the history of the world in the amount
of labor which has been performed by that De-
partment. There is no record in any time where
the navy of any country has been increased within
a space of three years from seventy-six vessels to
nearly six hundred. But that, sir, is the case
with the Ametican Navy.
It seems to be a very small matter for one vessel
at sea to discover another vessel at sea and cap-
ture her; but it will beapparent toany one, I pre-
sume, that it is impossible for any vessel, how-
ever swift, to capture any iff these roving pirates,
unless she can first come m sight of them. As
far as my recollection serves me no one of our
American naval vessels has yet come in sight of
one of these roving cruisers, these pirates,at any
point on the ocean and given battle to her.
In conversing upon this subject with an old
shipmaster a few days ago, he told me he had
sailed from a port in company with three or four
hundred sail of vessels, and in less than five hours
had been in a position where not a single sail
could be seen,.
Now, how perfectly absurd it is to say that it
is owing to a lack of efficiency upon the part of
our naval vessels that they do not catch these
roving pirates, when not one of the vessels of the
American Navy has come in sight of a pirate.
Of what use is the speed of a vessel flitting from
one corner of the ocean to the other m pursuit of
vessels that cannot be seen and the locality of
which is unknown? There has been no oppor-
tunity for any one of the vessels of our Navy to
engage on the high seas with one of these phatcs.
And one of the best aigumenls that can be sub-
mitted in favor of the speed and efficiency of the
American Navy is the fact that these loving pi-
uites are very careful to keep out of the way of
our naval vessels. If they could compete with
our Navy in speed, in power, or in general effi-
ciency, they would be likely to seek to be brought
in contact with them. But instead of that they
run away from ourshorcs. We next hear of them
among the West Indies, then across the Atlantic,
then, doubling the Cape of Good Hope, they fly
to the East Indies and to the uttermost parts of
the earth—anywhere, to escape the American
Navy.
(F-lere the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by striking out
the last word. I merely want to say one or two
words in reply to the general lemaiks of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. HolriaxJ in further-
ance, as they seem to have been, of the attacks
which aie nosv so common upon ihe head of the
Navy Department. 1 am no special partisan,
peihaps no admirer, of the huul of that Depait-
ment; but still, when an attack is made in an un-
usual way upon the head of a Department upon
the occasion of an appropriation for the ordinary
expenses ofcairying on the war, it does seem to
me to require some reply, some attention, espe-
cially coining from the source it does.
What the gentleman would have the head of the
Navy Department do that he has not already done
hedoesnotinformthiseommittee. Buthe would
have the President act in the matter and provide
us with another Secretary of the Navy. Well,
suppose he had done so, what could a new man
have done? Whatcould anybody have done that
the present Secretary of the Navy has not done?
He has called in aid of the Navy the best mechan-
ical and professional talent of the country. At
an early day in the war he sent out invitations to
the inventors of the country to furnish plans for
naval vessels, and in pursuance of that invita-
tion plans were furnished and accepted, and ves-
sels have been constructed, of the achievements
of which the whole country is proud to-day, and
those achievements have called the attention of the
world to a new mode of constructing naval vessels.
The fact the gentleman from Indiana alludes to,
that these vessels have not, at the same time thai
they were superior for defense, been able to pur-
sue a flying enemy and overtake him in unknown
seas does not militate against the skill of their
construction or their efficiency and superiority,
but simply illustrates the fact that the Lord, when
he created the earth, made the oceans very large.
[Laughter.]
I did not rise for the purpose of pursuing the
general subject, but merely to ask the gentleman
from Indiana what he would have had done that
has not already been done? He has some idea
of the subject; will he tell us what it is? In my
•judgment ihe verdict of the historian will be that
the Navy Department has been well and efficiently
managed, and has accomplished its full share in
the work of suppressing the rebellion. If com-
pared with the Army it certainly will suffer no
discredit, for the Army will find no difficulty in
finding an enemy in full force within three days'
march of the capital, while the Navy has been
pursuing the skulking foes in all parts of the
world; and if the leading pirate has finally been
j corneied it is in an obscure harbor on the other
| side of the globe. The great job the Navy has
j had to do has been to find the enemy; when found
j they were easily disposed of. When we see what
the Army has done, I think that we must give
credit to the Secretary of the Navy for what he
has accomplished.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, it is an old
maxim, that holds good in all the relations of life,
that the tree is known by its fruits. At this time
rebel vessels are now leaving Nassau and enter-
ing the blockaded ports upon our sea-coast almost
without inteiruption.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] in arguing anotherquestion informed us not
an hour since that there are more vessels lying at
hired wharves in the city of New York alone than
the whole naval force of the Government at the
time the war began. I do not know whether that
can be expiai-ncd. What are those vessels doing
there? It seems strange that we should have so
many vessels lying at a single port, when block-
ade-runners loaded with supplies and munitions
of war are daily entering the principal seaport of
North Carolina, and furnishing the enemy with
supplies. I presume that the head of the Depart-
ment is in the proper sense responsible for the
efficiency of that Department. If not, who is
responsible? I mention the fact that our com-
merce has been driven from the high seas. I men-
tion the fact that, with a few exceptions, gallant
achievements that made the American heart thrill
with piide, the Navy has accomplished nothing
dui ing the war corresponding with its magnitude.
I regret the fact, but it is unfortunately true. You
propose to keep up that old system adopted be-
tween the North and South. You have eight
navy-yards, at which we have laige numbers of
officers at unnecessary expense; and where they
have been abandoned or destroyed, as at Norfolk
and Pensacola, you propose to reestablish them.
1 read with some degree of interest and care a
speech delivered in the other branch of Congress
comparing our Navy and oui system of scattering
our navy-vards along the sea-coast with those of
other nations, showing the extravagance of ouv
system. At the Norfolk navy-yard, destroyed by
the rebel*, and for which no recent appropriations
have been made, you aie proposing by this bill
to appropimte for the salaries of that navy-yard
alone $22,500, and a corresponding appropriation
at Pensacola of $27,500. These expenses are
multiplied in every one of our navy-yards from
the Pacific coast to Maine. In this way our
finances are exhausted, and the public energy is
fritteied away under an inefficient Depaituient;
and instead of a powerful Navy, corresponding
with the expenditure, conducted with economy,
we have a Navy, manned, it is true, by gallant
seamen, and yet without an efficient chief, so far
