1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-was no understanding at all, inasmuch as the
amendment includes only cases in which there
•was an understanding.
I have been of opinion that there ought to be
no difference. A soldier of the United States
fighting to maintain the very existence of the
Govern ment, even more than to vindicate the honor
of its flag, ought to be the peer of all other sol-
diers; and he should be especially considered thtf
peer if at our instance, we being white men, to save
ourselves from the dangers of the strife, we should
invoke him to come to our aid and stand the haz-
ard of the battle; call upon him to save our blood
by running the hazard of pouring out Ins own
blood in defense of our institutions. But that ob-
ject is no! accomplished by the proposition of the
committee of conference, notaccomplished to any
extent, provided the Attorney General shall give
the opinion upon which the Government has all
along acted in relation to the question; and it is
not to be supposed that the President of the Uni-
ted States and the Secretary of War have, in op-
position to the advice of the Attorney General,
refused to liquidate these demands. The legal
presumption, the charitable presumption, is that
they were all honestly of opinion that under the
statutes as they now stand upon you r statute-book
unmodified in that particular those soldiersoould
not be paid. In my view you are just as likely
to attain the object which the Senate had in view,
even in relation to the class of soldiers of this de-
scription embraced by their amendment, by sub-
mitting the question of law again to the Secre-
tary of War and the President as by submitting
it to the Attorney Geneial. I do not know, Mr.
President, what the practice of this Administra-
tion is; but having had some experience in other
Administrations personally, and a knowledge of
the practice which governed all Administrations
up to the inauguration of the present Administra-
tion, I say that no question of this kind ever was
decided without taking the opinion of the Attor-
ney General. It was notal ways observed; it was
not binding; but he is placed there for the very
purpose, when called upon by the President or
either of the heads of Depai tments, to advise them
upon all legal propositions which may be involved
in the duties of their respective offices; and 1 can
hardly believe it possible thatMr. Secretary Stan-
ton, with or without the knowledge of the Presi-
dent, has pronounced a decision which lias cut off
from these Massachusetts troops the compensa-
tion which was specially promised them without
taking the opinion of the Attorney General in
writing, or atleast without consultation with him;
and if so, of course if you refer it back as the
committee of conference propose to do -to the At-
torney General to decide, Massachusetts will be
where Massachusetts has been, unable to recover
the amount which she thinks she ought to re-
ceive for the benefit of these her soldiers.
Mr. HOWE. I shall only occupy the floor a
moment, and principally to tender my thanks to
the Senator from Maryland for the very noble
"sentfment he just now expressed when he de-
clared that a soldier, though ever so black, wear-
ing the American- uniform and fighting for the
American flag, and fighting for the life of the
American States, is the peer of the soldier of any
other color. When he said that he simply gave
very eloquent expression to a sentiment which I
have always entertained. But I dkl not propose
to incorporate that, sentiment into the report of
the committee of conference, for two reasons:
first, at the time we were deliberating upon this
difficulty into which thetwo Housesare involved,
that particular sentiment did not occur to me;
and secondly, if it had occurred to me, I should
not have had faith to believe that it could be car-
ried through the two Houses of Congress. What
is or is not due to these soldiers is a question not
only upon which the two Houses are divided,
but it is a question upon which there is a great
variety of opinion in each of the two Houses; it
is a question upon which there is a great variety
of opinion among the different officers of the Gov-
ernment; and we had a measure pending, the
salvation of which was thought to be very essen-
tial and important. Some piovision ought to be
ingiafted upon it for the solution of this difficulty.
To the last committee of conference which hud
the mutter under consideration, this seemed to
tend toward a solution of it, not being a solution
of it as the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] rightly observed: it was not intended to
be, but it was intended to open up a way which
would lead to a right solution of the whole ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER obtained the floor.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me
I will rpove an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may settle this
question now. I merely wish to observe that it
seems to me this debate to-day shows that we
have got to proceed still further before we can
reach a conclusion. Everything'that has fallen
from every Senator, as well from the Senator
from Wisconsin as from the Senator from Mary-
land, all tends to one conclusion—that nothing is
settled. Now let us settle something by our
vote. 1 hope, therefore, without taking up any
further time, that the Senate will unite in reject-
ing the report of the committee of conference, de-
termine to adhere to its own amendment, and ask
for another conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the first place the ori-
ginal amendment had no businessm the bill. We
had passed originally the bill of which theamend-*
ment was a copy, and sentitto the House of Rep-
resentatives and it is there yet. The Senator
from Massachusetts, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on M ilitary Affairs, [Mr.Wilson,] to make
all sure, insisted upon putting it into this bill, the
Army appiopriation bill; a thing that the Senate
ought not to have permitted; but I knew pel feet! y
well at the time that it was of no sort of use to
object to it under the steam that was got up in ref-
erence to paying these soldiers. 1 knew it must
go anywheir, but 1 apprehended difficulty fiom
it. i repeat that, m my judgment,'it ought not
to have been put there; it was extraneous legis-
lation with refeience to other matters which the
Senate had already legislated upon, and its legis-
lation was befoie the House of Representatives,
and which the House could settle.
Now, on this Army appropriation bill, which
perhaps in the present existing state of affairs is
the most essential bill, the one of all others that
we must pass, we have had, bccause of this ex-
traneous question, outside question, three com-
mittees of confetence; and the dispute is with
reference to paying a very small number of troops.
Two of the committees agreed. The first commit-
tee did not agree. Two haveagreed. The House
ofRepresentatives rejected the report of the second
committee, and now it is proposed that the Senate
shall reject the report of the third. All 1 have to
ask on a question of this sort is when a conclu-
sion is arrived at, is it not very much better tin*,
we should adopt the repot and settle the Army
biil and have that passed? Shall we be quarrel-
ing all the session, and hazard a bill so essential,
on this question, which to be sure is an admira-
ble one for eloquence, and upon which we have
had a great deal, speech after spcech, which has
rung through the countiy and through the news-
papers; but out of it I think gentlemen have got
all the glory that they can get by &ny possibility.
If they try a month longer and speechify contin-
ually on paying the negro soldiers, I do not be-
lieve they will be a bit better off in the way of
glory than they are to-day. if this report is not
satisfactory to gentlemen, the bill of the Senate
now before the House of Representatives can be
taken u}), and they can pass another law to pay
these soldiers. Is it worth while for us because
we do not have our own way this time, and the
House does not have Us way that time, when a
conclusion for the second tunc is reached by a
committee of conference of both branches who
have deliberated longand caiefuliy upon thesub-
ject and tried to save the Aimy bill, is it wise to
keep quaneling and dividing upon a question of
this kind, which there is abundant time to settle
by ifselfif the House and Senate are disposed to
do so ? I really do appeal to Senators, and ask
them whether it is not better, instead of expending
more eloquence upon it, to just adopt the bill as
it is and let it go.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine tells
us that this amendment ought not to have been
put in the bill. I think the necessity ought not
to have been imposed upon us to put it upon this
bill; but it was expected, and justly expected, that
Congress, eaily jn the session, would pass a hill
to pay the cohued troops who had been enlisted
with a promise that they should be paid the
same as other troops. The Senate passed a biil
to that effect, but it remained in'the HoUse'of
Representatives, to the arftagement of eVer^bdtfy,
for many weeks in the hands of the Corrfmitt^e
on Military Affairs. While that bill wW lying
there, great dissatisfaction grew \ip in t'he" cejgi-
ments that had not recfeivfed the pajr wllich
had been promised', and in one of those regihiehtK
we had a 'm'utiny, arid the" leader of'the rftutiKy
Was shot. Officers in the fiefd'told us that*it re-
quired'every exertion lo.prev'eftt a mutiny because
the men had not been paid what they had been
promised. They believed the Government -had
broken its plighted faith, and, smarting under the
wrong, they demanded their full p&y or a dis-
charge from the military service.
The amendment of tlie Senate to carry out this
object was put upon the Army appropriation bill,
not to make speeches or to gain glory, but'to do
justice to brave men fighting for the country; ahd
if the House of Representatives had taken the
amendment which we put upon the bill, the ques-
tion would have been settled; and from the 1st
day of January of this year all our droops would
be put upon the same pay, having the same rights.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatis settled by this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that. Ry that
amendment if it were agreed to by both Houses,
another, point, would have been settled, that all
colored men enlisted under the call of October 11,
38G3, and subsequent calls liable to draft should
leceive the same pay as other men; and w'e should
have settled oneother point, which is the disputed
point, that the regiments that were enlisted under
the promise to receive thirteen dollais a month
should receive that compensation, and the Secre-
tary of War should detei mine the question. That
provision would have covered at most Some ten
or twelve regiments. Most of the other regi-
ments were filled up by men who enlisted with
no expectation of receiving more than ten dol-
lars a month.
But the House of Representatives put on an
amendment which provided that all free colored
men who enlisted should receive the same pay and
the same bounty as other soldiers. That is to
say, colored men who were freed by the procla-
mation of the President were to receive bounty
and full pay, but the men who were enlisted by
General Hunter and General Saxton and General
Butler under the promise of full pay were not to
get anything, because they were slaves. The
House amendment really discriminated against
the very men that we had been struggling to give
their rights to, and gave the increased pay to the
men who were enlisted with the expectation of
receiving no more than ten dollars a month. We
could not agree to that, and we did not agree to it.
Now we have this final proposition,and, as I
understand it, it does not settle the case of the fifty-
fourth and fifty-fifth Massachusetts or the first
South Carolina or the Louisiana regiments raised
by General Butler^ It settles nothing, but it re-
fers the whole matter of back pay to the Attorney
General of the United States. The Attorney
General has given a legal opinion applicable to a
colored officer, holding that he is entitled to the
same pay that he would receive-if he were a
white man. The Attorney General has not set-
tled the question that colored soldiers are entitled
to full pay, but the logic of his opinion, I think,
goes that way, and I do not see how he can avoid
coming to that conclusion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. then why not trust it
to him?
Mr.WILSON. I am inclined to do it in view
of the entire debate here and of the difficulty in
which we find ourselves,and ofthc fact that stands
patent before the country, that the men in the
House ofRepresentatives who are opposed trrem-
ploying or paying the negro at all have insisted
upon paying the highest pay to regiments who
were enlisted without the expectation of having
more than ten dollars a month. If the question
is referred to the Attorney General, 1 think that
according to his previous decision he must logic-
ally hold that these men me all entitled to full
j pay from the beginning. If the Senator from
I Maine is ready to refer the whole question to the
Attorney General, let it go to the Attorney Gen-
eral and let him decide it. But if he shall decide
against allowing them this pay, I shalj regard the
question a^ an open one, and 1 shall insist upon
it at all times and on all occasions, and press it
upon Congress that the Massachusetts fifty-fourth
