1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i:m
patriotism, which in many cases has been but
poorly acknowledged. To equalize burdens and
mete equal justice is the purpose of my amend-
ment. Let colossal wealth, protected, meet the
full share of burdens, which are lighter in this
country than ill any other civilized country in
time of war.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I hope, Mr. Chairman,
that, it will not be regarded as an expression ofany
desire to avoid the imposition of taxes 111 every
proper way fur a member to lisu here to protest
against the discrimination which is now proposed
to bo made in levying tins tax. I submit that
practically it has been shown that this policy of
discriminating in taxing incomes has worked
moie in justice and that more difficulty has arisen
in its collection than under all the other apparatus
of the national tax law.
Now, there are in my district only forty indi-
viduals who pay an income on $10,000 and over;
and a friend of mine sat down with me and we
counted up one hundred men in the city of Troy,
where I reside, without going out into the rest
of the district, who we knew, us well us we can
It n ow anything, were in the receipt, not only of
over ten thousand dollars, hut many of them of
two or three times that amount. Now, the groat
inequality and injustice and difficulty that have
grown out of the collection oftheincome tax has
resulted from this discrimination. It holds out an
inducement to men to commit frauds.
I hope, therefore, that whatever rate may be
decided on it will be a uniform rate, and upon the
enure income, and not upon the excess.
Mr. GrRlNNliLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to tlir nmi'iidmont.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
New Yoik, so as to provide for a duty of eight
per cent, upon al! incomes exceeding $600. I
very much dislike theKiiscrimination provided for
in the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ntw York, [Mr. Frank ] in my judgment it is
wrong. The fhst duty of this Congress is to do
right, and >t8 second duty is to endeavor to give
the public satisfaction. There is no so popular
or just a modi- of replenishing our revenue as a
tax on incomes.
The am-ndmcnt which I propose would seem
to be just and entirely equal, and would seem to
accord with the views and notions of the people
of the country as they have ever been expressed
heretofore. By the bill as it stands the poor man
ts required to pay nothing and the man of mod-
erate means htile or nothing, while the wealth of
the country is taxed for the purpose of ie\enue,
I certainly can wee no reason why that huge class
of peoph' whose incomes range between $600
and $10,000 should be permuted to escape this
additional tax of eight or ten per cent., and 1
hope that this amendment will meet with favor
from the House.
Mi. SPALDING. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I oppose it because I am m favor of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York [.VIt. Frank] which pioposes to graduate
this duty upon incomes. I can see no injustice
in thus graduating the tax. If! understand the
muttorcorrectly the man with an income of$l,000,
every dollar of which may be needed for the ne-
cessary expenses of himself and his family, pays
on that $1,000 the same tax, as far as that sum
goes, as the most wealthy man. They travel to-
gether so far as the first $1,000 is concerned, but
when the income lises to $5,000 or #10,000, or
$20,000, and so on, then the tax is to be imposed
upon the excess.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 would ask the gentleman
whether in hisjudgment there are not a vast num-
ber of men who are richer on an income of $1,000
than others who have eight or ten thousand ?
Mr. SPALDING. Infinitely more so. But
I was about to show the reason why we should
put a tax upon this excess. Do we not tax lux-
uries, imported wines, and liquors, and silks, and
broadcloths to a greater extent than we tax the
ordinary necessanes of life? Everybody admits
it; and why? Because the consumption is with
those who are able to pay. The nch consume
these high-priced wines, these high-priced silks,
these India shawls,and they can pay the tax upon
them. And how is it with the incomes? When
they go beyond £20,000 or ^50,000 is it not the
class of persons who pay the taxes on luxuries?
Most assuiedly. The same principle applies in
one case as in the other.
But we are told by the gentleman from New
York, and we hear all round, that if we undertake
to tax these large incomes over and above the tax
we levy on moderate means, the tax will be
evaded; that is, these rich men if we tax them
more than they want to pay will make false affi-
davits and returns. Well, sir, we will provide
punishment? for that class of men, which wiii
bring them under the yoke.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate upon this
parngrhph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had,aecordingtoorder,
had the Union geneially underconsideration,and
particuhuly House bill No. 405, to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest ori the public debt, and for other pui-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that ail debate upon
the paragraph under consideration in committee
be closed in one minute after the committee shall
again resume its consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
say 1 shall wish again to renew the amendment
suggested by me in committee,and I wish permis-
sion to have a letter read upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. This will not preclude the
offering of amendments, but i would again sug-
gest to thegendeman from Pennsylvania that his
amendment would more properly come m at the
end of the next section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Well, sir,
if I should desire to renew my amendment to this
section, I shall desne permission to ha\e a letter
read upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAUI3 Fit Oil THE PRESIDENT.
A message in wilting was received from the
Piesident of the United States, by Mr. Nicolay,
his Private Secretary.
INTERNAL ItliVKNUE HILL—-AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL, i now move logo into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the siate of the Union, (Mr. Washburnk, of
Illinois, in the ehan,) and resumed tin- consider-
ation of the bill of the House (No. 405) to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes; the pending question being on the
amendment submitted by Mr. Hubbard, of Con-
necticut, to the amendment of Mr. Frank.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the latter clause, pro-
viding the uite of duty for incomes over $25,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. I now renew my amend-
ment, read some minutes since,as a substitute for
the amendmentof the gentleman from New Yoik.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question now being on the amendment,
Mr. FRANK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Frank and
Fenton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-three; a further count not having
been demanded.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
three, section one hundred and fifteen, by in-
seiting after the word " taxes'Uhe words " other
than income," and to strikeout the word " other"
where it occurs in the preceding line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
eleven of the same section; I move to instil after
" Congress" the words ii above thesum of ^600."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, MORRILL. I move to amend in line
eighteen, same section, by striking'out the word
" hereinbefore" and inserting the word " here-
inafter.*'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend in line
twenty-one, by striking out the words "not ex-
ceeding" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" in excess of," and also to strike out " and** in
line twenty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I also move to amend in line
twenty-two, by striking out the wo ids u when
exceeding the sum of $200, the excess."
The portion of the section amended would then
read:
Sfc. 115. JinS he it further enacted, Tlmt in estimating
the annual gams, piofius, or income of any person, ail na-
tional, Stoic, mid municipal taxes, miter than income,law-
fully u^e-scd within ilie year upon the propn.ty or other
sources of inenmeofany person, as aforesaid,fiom winch
said annual sams piofiH, or income ha.-* been dor ived, shall
he deducted tiom the gains, profits, or income of the person
who has actually paid tile t-ame, whether owner, tenant, or
mormngei ; nNo tiie salary or pay received as an officer in
the civil, military, naval, or other eeivice of the United
States, meitiding Senator-*, Itrpie^'iitntives, and Delegates
in Congress, above the sum of $600; and there alto shall
he deducted the income deuved lioin dividend* on shares
in thecapuai stockol any h,ink, tn^tcompanv,savings In-
stitution, in.-UKuiee or i.uiioail company, ami the interest on
any bonds or oihei evidences of indebtedness of any rail-
load company, winch shall bo a<e>e*sed and paid by «afd
hanks, tiu^t companies, savings institutions, insurance and
railroad companies, as hereinafter provided; also tlif
amount paid bv any pcif,on lor the rem of the homestead
u-ed oi occupied by himself or Ins family, not exceeding
$200, the annual rental value of any liomc.-tead in excess
oi ,^20U used ot occupied by any such person or by his fam-
ily, in his own n«ht or in the l ight of hw wife, and ^-iiiill bo
included and assessed ns part ot the income of such person
lor each yeai.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont to the con-
dition m which the section now stands, i be-
lieve thatundsTa proper consuuction of these two
clauses ot the bill, one commencing in the eigh-
teenth Imeofpagt 156,and the othercommencmg
in line twenty-six of the next page, a person who
receives a salaiy of $1,000, and hires a house for
which he pays $200 rent, when considered in re-
lation to another person who receives the same
salary and lives in a house which he himselfowns,
hut the rental value of which is §200, would be
the tax on $200 worse off. The effect would be
that the man who hires a house for §200 a year
would not be exempt on that amount, while the
man who owns Ins house would be exempt, which
i think he ought not to be.
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusctM will yield a moment for explanation,
1 desire to say that the purpose of the committee
is to secure exemption on a homestead to the ex-
tent of $200 rental. Whore the man pays out the
rent it is granted, and where he owns the house
it is granted to the extent of the value of $200 a
year rental. That was the object of the commit-
tee,and I think thatobjectis accomplished by the
section as now amended.
Mr. BOUTWELL. For the purpose of en-
abling1 me to say a word further i will move to
amend by inserting" $100" instead of <c $200."
My point is this: that if a person owns a house
the rental value of which is &2O0, there is so much
profit; there is an income on that property on
which he resides to that extent. Now, suppose
that person chooses to abandon his own house,
let it for §200 a year, and hire a house, he will
then enjoy the income of §200 on Ins house and
get an exemption of the $200 rent he pays on tlfe
house where he lives. In other words, he will
be taxed §200 less than he would have been hud he
occupied his own house.
1 have examined this section carefully, and 1
cannot give it any-other construction than that it
will place the man who owns the house he resides
in the tax on $200 better off than the man who
hires a house. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Morrill
was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, I move to
amend by adding at the end of the one hundred
and fifteenth section as follows:
Proiuletl, That net profit* realized hj sales made since
llnj passage of the acts- to which thi* supplementary upoi>
invc mio'uN made prioi theieto shall not be changeable as
income, nor shall lo<se* sustained 1>> invoi-tments Mmilarfy
