1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
24$
Latos of the United States.
38IH; GONG. . ..1ST Sess.
and disbursement of' the public money by the
assistant treasurer aforesaid, as well as to the
convenient accommodation therein of the officers
of the customs at the port of Philadelphia,.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States be, and hereby is,
authorized to expend during the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, so much of the appropriation of
second March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
as he may deem expedient and proper, not exceed-
ing in the whole ten thousand dollars, for com-
pensation to United States ttfar$ba)s, district at-
torneys,and other persons employed inenforcing
the laws for the suppression of the African slave
trade, for any services they m^y render, and for
which no allowance is otherwise, provided by
law; and also, so much of said appropriation as
may be necessary to pay the salaried oftho judges
and arbitrators appointed by him pursuant to the
act of Congress, approved July eleven, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States
and her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of
the African slave trade," and for the expenses
of the mixed courts of justice provided for by said
treaty.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That section
eleven of an act entitled "An act for the release
of certain persons held to service or labor in the
District of Columbia," approved April sixteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and also that
part of the first section of an act entitled " An act
making supplemental appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirtieth,eighteen hundred andsixty-
three, and for the yeai; ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, ajid for other
purposes," approved July sixteen,eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, which reads as follows: "To
enable the Piesident to carry out the act of Con-
gress for the emancipation of the slaves in the
District of Columbia, and to colonize those to be
made free by the probable passage,of a confisca-
tion bill, five hundred thousand dollars, to be re-
paid to the Treasury out of confiscated property,
to be used at the discietion of the President in
securing the right of colonization of said persons
made fiee, and m payment of the necessary ex-
penses of their removal," be, and the same are
hereby repealed: Provided, however, That this sec-
tion shall not be construed so as to interfere with
any expenditure that may have been incurred by
carryinginto effect the parts ofacts above repealed,
or any expenditure necessary to fulfill existing
engagements in relation thereto.
Sec. 8. Aid be it further enacted, That, until
otherwise duected by law, the Territory of New
Mexico and the Territory of Arizona shall con-
stitute one surveyor general's district; that the
Tenitory of Idaho and Nevada shall constitute,
and be a part of, the surveyor general's district
of Colorado; that the Tenitory of Dakota and
Montana shall constitute one surveyor general's
district, and that tlicic shall be but one office of
surveyor general for each surveyor general's dis-
trict; that the provisions of this section shall be
executed undersuch tulcs and regulations as may
be prescribed by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Officc; and that all acts and parts of
acts m conflict with the provisions of this section
are hereby repealed.
Sec- 9. And be it further enacted. That sections
eight and nine of an act entitled "An act to pro-
hibit the importation of slaves into any port or
place within the jurisdiction of the United States,
from and after the fust day of January, in the.
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and eight,"
which said sections undeituke to regulate the
coastwise slave trade, are hereby repealed, and
the coastwise slave trade is prohibited foiever.
Approved, July 2, 18G4.
Chap. CCX1.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Construction, Preservation, and Repairs
of ccrtain Fortifications and other Woiks of De-
fense, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and for oLher
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated^ out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and. other works of defense, for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen" hun-
dred and sixty-five:
For Port Montgomery, at outlet of Lake Cham-
plain, New York, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Knox, at Narrows of Penobscot river,
Maine, one hundred thousand dollars. >-
For fort at entrance of Kennebec river, (Port
Popham,) Maine, one hundred thousand dollars.
For fort on Hog island Ledge, (Fort Georges,)
Portland" harbor, Maine, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For Bort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Scammel, Portland harbor, Maine,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For New Fort Constitution, Portsmouth har-
bor, New Hampshire, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For Fort McClary, Portsmouth harbor, New
Hampshire, fifty thousand dollars;-.
ForF^rt Winthrop, Governor's Island, Boston
harbor, Massachusetts, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massachu-
setts, twenty thousand dollars.
Forsea-wall of Great Brewster's Island, forty
thousand dollars.
For repair of sea-walls on Deerand on Loveil's
Island, ten thousand dollars.
For permanent forts at New Bedford harbor,
Massachusetts, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, East river, New York,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For fort at Willet's Point, opposite Fort Schuy-
ler, New York, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For repairs of Fort Columbus, Castle Williams,
South Battery, Fort Wood, and Fort Gibson,
New York harbor, one hundred thousand dollars.
For new battery near Fort Hamilton, at the
Narrows, New York, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
For Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York,
twenty thousand dollars.
For fort on site of FortTompkins, Staten Island,
New Yoik, one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars.
For casemated battery on Staten Island, New
York, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and completion of sea-wall at Buf-
falo, thirty-seven thousand iive hundred dollars-.
For fort at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Mifflin, near Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent work for Delaware breakwater
harbor, one hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland,
one hundred thousand dollars.
Foi 'Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Wool, Hampton Roads, Virginia, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For Fort Clinch, entrance to Cumberland sound,
Florida, one hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Ship Island, coast of Mississippi,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco bay, Cal-
ifornia, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco bay,
California, ninety thousand dollars.
For land defenses at San Francisco, one hun-
dred and seventy-seven thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no portion of the same shall be ex-
pended on other fortifications now in progress
there.
For defenses in Oregon and in. Washington
Territory, at or near the mouth of Columbia river,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs and alterations of barracks, quar-
ters, hospitals, storerooms, and fences at perma-
nent forts not occupicd by troops, fifty thousand
dollars.
For construction of permanent platforms for
modern cannon of large caliber in existing forti-
fications of important harbors, one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars.
For tool and siege trains for armies in thefield,
two hundred thousand dollais.
For bridge trains and equipage for armies is
the field, five hundred thousand dollarfe.
For contingencies of fortifications, including,
field works and field operations, s^ven 'hundred
thousand dollars. '
For providing obstructions to be moored in the
Potomac river, to render the shore batteries more
efBpieni for the protection ofWashingtonagainst
taaritime attack, three hundred,thousand dollars.
For completing and rendering more permanent
the defenses of Washington, three hundred thou-
sand'dollars. ;
.For surveys of .the northern apd northwestern
lakes, including. Lake Superior, one hundred
thousand dollars. . |
For engraving and printing chart of lake sur-
veys, te.n. thousand dollars.' " ;
For' purchnse and repair of instruments, fifteen"
thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, andfor pur-
chase of campaign maps, manuscript notes,'and
maps of surveys of railroads and ci>rials,«ne hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXII.—Ah Act to authorize the'Uniteit
States to acquire Land in Wallabout Bay, be-
longing to the City of Brooklyn,and to author-
ize the Exchange of other Lands therefor.- *
Be it enacted by the Senate arid Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered'to
negotiate with the city of Brooklyn, in the State
of New York, and to effect an exchange of lands
in Wallabout bay between the United States and
the said city, and thereupon tomake,executc, and
deliver good and sufficient deeds and releases
therefor.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CC.XIII.—An Act granting Lands'to the
State of Oregon, to aid in the construction of
a Military Road from Eugene Ciiy to the east-
ern boundary of said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Aniericain Congress
assembled, That.theie be, and hereby is, granted
to the State of Oregon, to aid in the construction
of a military wagon road from Eugene City, by
way of Middle Foik of Willamette river, and
the most feasible pass in Cascade range of mount-
ains, near Diamond Peak, to the eastern bound-
ary of the State, alternate sections of public
lands, designated by odd numbers, for three sec-
tions in width on cacb side of said road: Provided,
That the lands hereby granted shall be. exclu-
sively applied in the construction of said road,
and,shall be disposed of only as the work pro-
gresses; and the same shall be applied to no other
purpose whatever: Jlndprovidedfurther, Thatapy
and all lands heretofore reserved to the United
States by act of Congress^ or other competent
authority, be, and the same are, reserved from the
operation of this act, except so far as it may be
necessary to locate the route of said road through
the same, in which case the right of way is
granted. ;
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, Thatthesaid
lands hereby gianted to said State shall be dis-
posed of by the Legislature thereof for the pur-
pose aforesaid, and for no other; and the said
road shall be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the'Unitcd States,
free from tolis or other charge upon the transpor-
tation of any property, troops, or mails of the
United States.
Sec. 3. And beitfurther enacted, That'said road
shall be constructed with such width, graduation,
and bridges, as to permit of its regular 'ttse as a
wagon road, and in such other special manner as
the State of Oregon may prescribe.
Sec.4. And be it further enacted, Thatthe lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
only in the following manner, that is to say: that
a quantity of land not exceeding thirty sections
for said road may'be sold; and when the Governor
of said State shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that any ten continuous miles of said
road are completed, then another quantity of land
hereby granted, not to exceed thnty sections,
