1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ent if the Department had taken the advice of Ad-
miral Du Pont and sent twenty-five thousand men
to attack by way of Stono and James islands,
while the fleet attacked the batteries in front.
But the men who are now in control of the
Navy Department keep in retirement the most
brilliant officer of the Navy since the days of
Decatur, because the Department's crude exper-
iment failed and it was advisable that the Depart-
ment should not appear in fault, because it might
be awkward to confess that it did not ask Du
Pont's advice on ^he plan of the attack nor take
it when it was volunteered; and when the attack
which the Department devised failed, through the
inherent inadequacy of the force provided, in kind
and quantity, they thought the iron-clad reputa-
tion might suffer by an exposure of the real facts.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 believe I mustopposethis
amendment; but I rise more for the purpose of
asking this House whether they will not go on
and pass some of the appropriation bills, instead
of squandering the time of the nation by irrele-
vant and insane speeches? We have got now
five or six large appropriation bills untouched,
and at the rate at which we are going on, mid-
summer will reach us before we shall pass them.
If gentlemen after the debate is closed will con-
fine themselves to motions which they make, to
the strict merits of their amendments, we shall
be able to get through; but if they go on con-
stantly making political harangues, which of
course must be answered, we shall never be done.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] I
have no doubt remembers that " there is a time
for all things," but evidently believes that all time
is for his things, [great laughter,] and that is find-
ing fault and maligning the Administration. I do
implore the House to give no countenance to such
a course until we have done with the appropria-
tion bills, and then they may talk nonsense until
doomsday if they wish.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland,withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as I have stated
my reasons for making this amendment, and I
presume the committee desires to proceed with
the bill, I am now willing to withdraw it.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I oppose the amendment.
I do not feel called upon, Mr. Chairman, to stand
up in vindication of the Navy. It is well known
that I am no political sympathizer with that De-
partment, nor do I desire to occupy the time of
the House in making insane speeches which are
so much discouraged by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
f do not propose to enter into the controversy
which may have sprung up between the Army
and the Navy. 1 do not piopose to say anything
in regard to the contest which may have sprung
up in the Department alluded to by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] relative to the jeal-
ousy or rival claims of commanders in the Navy;
but I do feel called upon, as one familiar with the
subject, when I am told that the attack on Charles-
ton was one of the events that should shroud the
country with mortification—an assertion against
the entire poliey and ability of that peculiar class
of vessels in that contest—I say that I feel called
upon as one familiar with the subject to stand up
and vindicate them.
Mr. Chairman, are gentlemen aware of the fact
that that little fleet of iron-clads which made the
attack upon Charleston cost not more than one
of the ordinary men-of-war? Are they aware of
the fact that the whole manning of that little fleet
was less than is necessary for ar\ ordinary man-
of-war? Are they aware of the fact that that
fleet received two thousand shots, and not one
penetrated; and that not a solitary life was lost
except that of the gallant Rodgers, and that was
fiom no defect not easily remedied? Are they
aware of these facts, and of the fact that this
country alone has presented to the world a naval
vessel that is impregnable to any projectile yet
invented ?
We are told, sir, of the great success of the Eng-
lish and French naval iron-clads, relying on four
and a half inches of plate. What did we see at the
navy-yard at Washington ? A French plate man-
ufactured in one of the most celebrated manufac-
toiics m France was brought out here. It was
six inches thick, and in one single shot it was
sliatteied to atoms by one of our 15-inch guns.
Why, sir, the American Navy to-day stands far
in advance of any navy in the world; and that re-
sult is owing to the iron-clads.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do notpropose
to prolong this discussion, but I desire to call at-
tention to the following memoranda prepared by
the Bureau of Statistics of the Navy Department:
"The vessels which in the report of the Secretary of the
Navy are called 'fast or rapid vessels,'are altogether of
timber, and are particularly applicable to the present war.
They vary in dimensions from two hundred and ninety to
three hundred and thirty feet in length, and in beam from
fouy-one to forty-seven feet. Their diaught of water will
be from fifteen and a half to seventeen and a half feet.
These vessels arc intended for great speed, and have very
powerful machinery; the vessels being sharp are expected
to maintain a continuous speed of from fourteen to fifteen
knots, and for a short run may even exceed this. 'J^he dif-
ference in the size of the vessels is mainly due to the arma-
ment, which for the smaller vessels will be six 9-mch guns
and one 50-pound rifle gun. The larger vessels will have
covcied decks, in order to accommodate more men, who
will be required for the heavierarmament of eighteen 9-mch
guns and two lifted guns. Particular service may occa-
sionally require a variation in the armament.
"The steam machinejy has been contracted for for all
these vessels, and the Government is under obligation to
furnish the vessels to those contractors that they may put
up their machinery.
" Six of these vessels aie building in the navy-yards, and
are being hastened forward, when others of them will be
immediately commenced, and the remaining vessels will
be built by piivate paities under a public advertisement.
This would have beendone earlier butfor the strikesof the
workmen, which have scarcely yet calmed down, and the
holding back of these vessels aided very much m bringing
the machinists' strike to a conclusion.
"The Department found its first duty in the commence-
ment of the war to be to purchase a great number of ves-
sels for the blockade, for the regular naval vest-els then in
seivice were more of a character to meet foreign «hips-of-
war in battle than to catch blockade runners; and these
purchased vessels, though good for merchant woik, were
not so suitable tor the haid u^age of continual service, and
they are thus depreciating rapidly every year. The num-
ber must, however, be kept up, anil this is one of the rea-
sons of the large amount of money needed to repau them ;
next year it will be greater still, unless their places can be
supplied by new vessels.
"The next care of the Department was to build some
substantial vessels of light draughtof water that could run
up all the iiver« and hays. The small gunboats did this; and
still later it has provided ' double-end side-wheel steamers,'
which will no doubt answer a good purpose. They are
strong and fast vessels.
" There was still wanted a fast cla^s of vessels for off-
shoie work, that could overhaul vessels at sea and before
thej came within the langeof the hght-diaught vessels, as
the blockade runners have come to u^ing faster vessels than
those with which they commenced. These are the vessels
on which the Depaitment is now engaged. They could not
well have been made before, for all the machine shops have
been engaged on the light-draught vessels, and on the re-
pairs of the puichased vessels, and on the monitor vessels.
" That pi ess is now passing by, and all the c shops have
the contracts for the macluneiy of these large, rapid vessels
which taxes their ability to its full extent.
"Besides the vessels above named, which are wholly of
wood, and without armor of any kind, (for they cannot
cairy it,) there aie eight wooden vessels of monitor class
building in the navy-jarde, for which contracts have been
made for the machine*y, the armor plating, and the tuirets.
Four of these vessels aie in length three hundied and twenty
feet, and will draw twelve and a half feet water. On the
outside of the hull there is a wood backme ot eighteen
inches thick, m which aie laid foais of iron foui bysix inches;
on the out-ide of these there is then placed an iron armor
of loui and a half inches in thickness; the deck armor is
m thickness two inches.
"Each of these lour vessels has two turrets, of which the
thickness is twelve inches, and each revolving turret will
have in it two 15-inch gun*, and each vessel will thus have
four eruns.
" These vessels are afloat, a laige portion of the armor
on. and the machinery and turrets well advanced to com-
pletion. They will be able to go along the coast and Will
tullv protect any haibor.
"The remaining fom are similar, hut larger vessels build-
ing in the navv-yaid«; they atu three hundred and fifty feet
long, and wtlfdiaw about fourteen teet water. The tur-
rets for these ioui vessels are to be fifteen inches in thick-
ness. the deck three inches in thicknes«, the side armor
*ix inches m thickness, laid on bais of non eight inches
square and four inches a*undei, and the>e ban- on a wood
backing of fifteen inches thick, in addition to the thickness
of tiie hull of the vessel; all this necessaiilv requiring
larger vessels than tho«e first named, and they will nut co>t
less than $1.2.>0,u00 each, But when made, an enemy
must get out'of sight to feel safe. The** vessels will each
have four guns ot fifteen inches, or of twenty inches, as
may be found best.
" The Dundei berg is buildi'ig m New Yoik under cent!act
with Mr. YV. II. Webb, and is intended bv him for a sea-
going steamer, to make fourteen knots at sea. This vessel
la m erely respect planned and arranged by Mr. Webb, the
contractor, without the intei ference of any one else. She
is built of wood, of angular sides, havnuran armor of thiee
and a half inches on the hull, laid on a thickness of several
feet of timber. She carncs eight 31-inch quns in a house
or casemate on the deck, the non plating on the casemate
being four and a half inches. On the top ot this casemate
or house there are to he t\\ o revolving turiets. in thickness
eleven inches of non. in each of which will be two guns
of fifteen inches. Tin* vessel i> to have ma&t? and sails
for cruising. Besides this she is to have a ram or cuttet of
iron and wood, with which at a speed of fomtccn knots
she would be dangerous to any vessel whether of iron or
wood. This vessel is to draw twenty and a half feet watfir,
and will mount twelve guns. The cost by conti act will be
$1,250,000.
"The Dictator and Puritan arc iron vessels building by
Mr. Ericsson, having all the peculiarities of bis monitor
vessels, with some modifications which experience witli
the other vessela of this class has pointed out to him aslrtc-
cessary and advantageous. The monitor vessels draw about
eleven feet water; these vessels will draw twenty feet.
The Dictator is to have one tuiretand the Puritan two tur-
rets, and in each turret there will be two guns of fifteen or of
twenty inches. The thickness of the turrets was to have
been twenty-four inches of iron, but the projector finds that
by adifferentmode of construction fifteen inches will be suf-
ficient. These vessels are intended by Mr. Ericsson as sea-
going steamers,and they will be formidable vessels. Their
efficiency for harbor and coast service is conceded by all,
and these two large ships will test the practicability of the
system of tuirets tor sea service, and it is by a trial of this
kind only that such a question can be settled. The armor
on the hull is six inches in thickness, laid on bars six inches
squate,and these bars rest on a wood backing of three feet
in thickness.
" For such large vessels of war with armor-plating, there
can be no question but that the proper material of which to
build them should be iron. Iron shipbuilding is compara-
tively new, and it will require a little time for the Govern-
ment to get into it. The BritUh iron steam frigate Achil-
les, of the same size as the Warrior, has be«n built in
Chatham dock-yard altogether by the shipwrights who
built the wood vessels. The greater portion of the work is
done by machinery, and i\ good mechanic in wood will
answt$ just as well as an iron-worker, and all the riveting
can be equally well done by them. Such, however, is rep-
resented to be the tact in the case of the Achilles.
"The smaller clashes of vessels will for many reasons for
a long time yet be of timber. All the stock of seasoned
timber, and indeed the timber of every kind in the navy-
yaids, has been used, and the Government, like the mer-
chant builders, is glad to get any kind that is to be had, and
it is all green. The pressing need of the country has not
justified the asking of sum* of money to lay in a stock of
timber to season, all the funds having been wanted to build
the ve-scls and get them off as quickly as possible. The
Department has not asked for money for this purpose, but
there cannot be a moie judicious and economical expendi-
ture than in laving up a supply of seasoned timber. A
neglect of this will occasion enoi mous sums to be expended
in repairing; and this is one^reason, added to that of the
hard woik tnevesselshaveto undergo,of the great amount
required for repaiiing, japidly increasing as the vessels be-
come older.
"The purchased vessels, of which so large a part of our
blockading force is composed, were all builtof unseasoned
timber, for private bu ildcrs cannot afford to keep it on hand,
and the Navy-built vessels are in almost the same condi-
tion.
" The expense of the Navy i^ latge, if comparison ismndo
with lormer years, but in t.ict the Government has had to
create a Navy, and,at all sacrifices, to meet the necessities
of the cat-e. This had to be done under rising prices, and
they have not yet leached the maximum. Materials and
labor are still steadily advancing. We have been compelled
to meet, a state of things wholly unlooked for. Foreign na-
tions have been gradually building up their navies, while
we into two years have had to compress what otherwise
would have been the work of twenty years. A comparison
Willi foreign navies is not quite fair to the Navy Depart-
ment. In the Russian wai every available vessel was put
forth by Great Britain, of which "she had some four or five
hundied, and with all her vast preparations in her doek-
yards she had to build a great many by contract, and we
all knovV'how manv Amencan vessels were chaiteredas
transpoits. She did not have to make a new navy, as we
have had to do.
" it would be folly foi any man jo pretend to extraordi-
naiy accuracy in a naval estimate in tune of war. In times
of peace with comparatively few vessel-* it is only a nearer
appioximation, tor in so pciL-hablc a fabric as a ship it is
impossible to tell in what condition she will return to port5
or how much money is to he expended on her. Experience
only shows a more lapid depiecuuion for each year of a.
ship's life, that the life of a steam vessel is shorter than that
of a sailing vessel; and it will doubtless be found that a
steamer of woodcoveied with non will be the shortest-
lived of all. But now in tune of war all these incidentals
aie vastly increased.
" For the la*t fourteen or fifteen veais the estimates for
the ship-building portion of the Navy Department have been
made on the same general pimciplcs, and the introduction
of a deficiencyhill for thi« object has been rare. When the
appropriation a-ked for lias been reduced from some ne-
cessity or reason, it is believed the Department has tried to
meet the case by economizing in pa us that would least prej-
udice the interests of the Navy.
"The Department nowdesnes nothing more than will
enable it to meet and fulfill the great duty it lias before it,
which if curtailed too much it cannot do. It is thought
that the sum of §2.2,800.000 repoited will not be sufficient
to meet the wants of the Navy embraced in it lor the com-
ing year of the w.ir The wear and tear ought not to be less
than $'11,300,000; the sixteen steam sloops, $7,200,000;
the western w aters' navy at the minimum, $>4.000,000; the
purchase and charter of vessels at $3.000,000 ; and the extra
labor-* $600,000—making in all $06,300,000, in place of the
$'22,800,000 as reported. The sum of .$3,600,000 will also
be needed for the armored vessels in construction. With
this reduction to $23,200,000 the Depaitment may be able
to meet the demands that will piobablybe made on it; and
it is not beyond a reasonable piobability thai there may be
even a larger sum needed than that asked for.*'
]\Ir. BROOKS. 1 avail myself of this oppor-
tunity to present some statistics. I may not have
another opportunity. I refer to them as unan-
swerable as against the present administration of
the Navy Department.
