250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
may be sold, and so from time to time until said
road is completed; and if said road is not com-
pleted within five years, no further sales shall be
made, and the land remaining unsold shall revert
to the United States.
Approved,, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXIV.—An Act to establish Colfax
Street in the City of Washington and District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States; ofAmerica in Congress
assembled, T^hatfrom and after the passage hereof,
the alley, which is'sixty feet wide, across square
seven hundred and twelve, and which connects
L and M street north, and the west line of which
is two hundred and twelve feet east of the east
line of First street east, shall be known as Colfax
street.
Sec. 2. Atid be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may hereafter, atany time, amend or repeal
this act.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXV.—An Act to provide for the more
speedy Punishment of GuerrillS^Marauders,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ihuse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the twenty-first
section of an act entitled "An act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, and for other
purposes," approved third March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, shall apply as well to the
sentences of military commissions us to those of
courts-martial, and hereafter the commanding
general in the field, or the commander of the de-
partment, as the case may be, shall have power
to carry into execution all sentences againstguer-
rilla-marauders, for robbery, arson, burglary,
rape, assault with intent to commit rape, and for
violation of the laws and customs of war, as well
as sentences against spies, mutineers, deserters,
and murderers.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
officer authorized to order a general court-martial
shall have power to pardon or mitigate nny pun-
ishment ordered by such court, including that of
confinement in the penitentiary, except the sen-
tence of death, or of cashiering or dismissing an
officer, which sentences it shall" be competent
during the continuanceof the present rebellion for
the general Commanding the army in the field, or
the department commander, as the case may be,
to remit or mitigate; and the fifth section of the
act approved July seventeenth, eighteen hundred
and si ty-two, chapter two hundred and one, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed, so far as it re-
lates to sentences of imprisonment in the peniten-
tiary.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when a
soldier sick in hospital shall have been discharged,
or shall be discharged from the military service,
but shall be unable to leave or to avail himself
of his discharge, in consequence of sickness or of
wounds, and shall subsequently die m such hos-
pital, he shall be deemed to have died in the mil-
itary seivice, so far as relates to bounties.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXVI.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to aid in the construction of a
Railroad and Telegraph Line from the Mis-
souri River to the Pacific Ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal,military,and other purposes,"approved
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the capital stock of the company
entitled the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
authorized by the act of which this act is amend-
atory,shall be in shares of one hundred dollars,
instead of one thousand dollars each; that the
number of shares shall be one million, instead of
one hundred thousand; and that the number of
shares which any person shall hold to entitle him
to nerve as a director in said company (except
the five directors to be appointed by Government)
shall be fifty shares, instead of five shares; and
thatevery subscriber to said capital stock for each
share of one thousand dollars, heretofore sub-
scribed, shall be entitled to a certificate for ten
shares of one hundred dollars each; and that the
following words in section first of said act,
"which shall be subscribed for and held in not
more than two hundred shares by any one per-
son," be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec.2. Jlndbeitfurtherenacted, Thatthe Union
Pacific Railroad Company shall cause books to
be kept open to receive subscriptions to the cap-
ital stock of said company, (until the entire cap-
ital of one hundred millions of dollars shall be
subscribed,) at the general office of said company
in the city of New York, and in each of the cities
of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicago, Cin-
cinnati, and Saint Louis, at such places as may
be designated by the President of the United
States, and in such other localities as may be di-
rected by him. No subscription for said stock
shall be deemed valid unless the subscriber there-
for shall, at the time of subscribing, pay or re-
mit to the treasurer of the company an amount
per share subscribed by him equal to the amount
per share previously paid by the then .existing
stockholders. The said company shall make as-
sessments upon its stockholders of not less than
five dollars per share, and at intervals of not ex-
ceeding six months from and after the passage of
this act, until the par value of all shares subscribed
shall be fully paid; and money only shall be re-
ceivable for any such assessment, or as equiva-
lents for any portion of the capital stock herein-
before authorized. The capital stock of said com-
pany shall not be increased beyond the actual cost
of said road. And the stock of the company shall
be deemed personal property, and shall be trans-
ferable on the books of the company, at the general
office of said company in the city of New York,
or at such other transfer office as the company
may establish.
Sf.c. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and all other compa-
nies provided for in this act and the act to which
this is an amendment, be, and hereby are, em-
powered to enter upon, purchase, take, and hold
any lands or premises that may be necessary and
proper for the construction and working of said
road, not exceeding in width one hundred feeton
each side of its center line, unless a greater width
be required for the purpose of excavation or em-
bankment; and also any lands or premises that
may be necessary and proper for turnouts, stand-
ing places for cars, depots, station house[s], or
any other structures required in the construction
and operating of said road. And each of said
companies shall have the right to cut and remove
trees or other materials that might by falling in-
cumber its road bed, though standing or being
more than one hundred feet therefrom. And in
case the owner or claimant of suchlands or prem-
ises and such company cannot agree as to the
damages, the amountshall be determined by the
appraisal of three disinterested commissioners,
who may be appointed upon application by any
party to any judge of a court of record in any of
the Territories in which the lands or premises to
be taken lie; and said commissioners, in their as-
sessments of damages, shall appraise such prem-
ises at what would have been the value thereof if
the road had not been built; and upon return into
court of such appraisement, and upon the pay-
ment to the clerk thereof of the amount so
awarded by the commissioners for the use and
benefit of the owner thereof, said premises shall
be deemed to be taken by said company, which
shall thereby acquire full title to the same for the
purposes aforesaid. And either party feeling ag-
giieved by said assessment may, within thirty
days, file an appealtherefrom, anddemand a jury
of twelve men to estimate the damage sustained;
but such appeal shall not interfere with the rights
of said company to enter upon the premises taken,
or to do any act necessary in the construction of
its road. And said party appealing shall give
bonds with sufficient suiety or sureties, for the
payment of any costs that may arise upon such
appeal. And in case the party appealing doesnot
obtain a more favorable verdict, such party shall
pay the whole cost incurred by tiie appellee, as well
asitsown. And the paymentinto court forthe use !
of the owner or claimant, of a sum equal to that '
finally awarded shall be held to vest in said com-
pany the title of said land, and the right to use
and occupy the same for the construction, main-
taining, and operating of the road of said com-
pany. And in case any of the lands to be taken
as aforesaid shall be held by any person residing
without the Territory, or subject to any legal dis-
ability, the court may appoint a proper person
who shall give bonds with sufficient surety or sure-
ties, for the faithful execution of his trust, and
who may represent in court the person disquali-
fied or absent as aforesaid, when the same pro-
ceeding shall be had in reference to the appraise-
ment of the premises to be taken, and with the
same effect as have been already described. And
the title of the company to the land taken by
virtue of this .act shall not be affected nor im-
paired by reason of any failure by any guardian
to discharge faithfully his trust. And in case it
shall be necessary for either of the said compa-
nies to enter upon lands which are unoccupied,
and of which there is no apparent owner or
claimant, it may proceed to take and use the same
for the purpose of its said railroad, and may in-
stitute proceedings in manner described for the
purpose of ascertaining the value of, and acquir-
ing a title to, the same; and the court may de-
termine the kind of notice to be served on such
owner or owners, and may in its discretion ap-
point an agent or guardian to represent such
owner or owners in case of his or their incapacity
or non-appearance. But in case no claimant shall
appear within six years from the time of the open-
ing of said road acrossany land, all claim to dam-
ages against said company shall be barred. It
shall be competent for the legal guardian of any
infant, or any other person under guardianship,
to agree with the proper company as to damages
sustained by reason of the taking of any lands
of any such person under disability, as aforesaid,
for the use as aforesaid; and upon such agree-
ment being made, and approved by the court hav-
ing supervision of the official acts of said guard-
ian, the said guardian shall have full power to
make and execute a conveyance thereof to the
said company which shall vest the title thereto in
the said company.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That scction
three of said act be hereby amended by striking
out the word "five," where the same occurs in
said section, and by inserting in lieu thereof the
word " ten;" and by striking out the word " ten,"
where the same occurs in said s'ection, and by
inserting in lieu thereof the word "twenty."
And section seven of said act is hereby amended
by striking out the word "fifteen," where the
same occurs in said section, and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " twenty-five." And the term
" mineral land," wherever the same occurs in this
act, and the act to which this is an amendment,
shall not be construed to include coal and iron
land. And any lands granted by this act, or the
act to which this is an amendment, shall not de-
feat or impair any preemption, homestead, swamp
land, or other lawful claim, nor include any Gov-
ernment reservation or mineral lands, or the im-
provements of any bona fide settler, or a"ny lands
returned and denominated as mineral lands, and
the timber necessary to support his said improve-
ments as a miner, or agriculturalist, to be ascer-
tained under such rules as have been or may be
establishe'd by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in conformity with the provisions of
the preemption laws: Provided, That the quan-
tity thus exempted by the operation of this act,
and the act to which this act is an amendment,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres for
each settler who claims as an agriculturalist,and
such quantity for each settler who claims as n
miner, as the said Commissioncrmny establish by
general regulation: Provided, also, Thatthe phrase
"but where the same shall contain timber, the
timber thereon is hereby granted to said com-
pany," in the proviso to said section three, shall
not apply to the timber growing or being on any
land further than ten miles from the center line
of any one of said roads or branches mentioned
in said act, or in this act. And all lands shall be
excluded from the operation of this act, and of
the act to which this act is an amendment, which
weie located, or selected to be located, under the
piovisions of an act entitled "An act donating
