2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 10,
The SPEAKER. It can be done, of course,
by unanimous consent.
- Mr. BOUT WELL. My colleague [Mr. Dawes]
yields, that I may ask unanimous consent to call
up the question of recoi^ideiation of the vote by
which the bankrupt bill was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. BOUTVVELL. 1 do not propose any de-
bate of the question, but simply to offer a motion
to' postpone.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see why the motion
to reconsider, cannot as well made at any other
time a® it can be to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that to-
morrow the gentleman can call up the motion to
reconsider as a matter of right.
_ Mr. DAWES. I understand that the objec-
tion to calling up the- motion to reconsider is
withdrawn. With -the understanding that it is
not to cause debate, I will yield for the purpose
of having the vote taken.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will say to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen] that it is merely
for the purpose of moving to postpone the bank-
ruptcy bill till next session.
The objection was not withdrawn.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the reading of the
resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That Francis P. Blair, jr., is not entitled to a
neat In this House us Representative in the Thitty-Eighth
Congress from the first congressional district in Missomi.
Resolved, -That Samuel Knox is entitled to a seat in tliis
House as a Representative in the Thirtv-Eiftlith Congress
from the first congressional district in Missouri.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it will be seen
by the House at a glance thatthe question here-
tofore raised, ami alluded to by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ganson] a moment ago—
namely, the effect, ori the right of the sitting mem-
ber to 1ns seat, of holding a commission as major
general in the Army—is not involved in this case.
Whatever conclusion the House may come to as
to the effect of his holding the commission of ma-
jor general, still the petition of Samuel Knox and
the evidence on which this claim rests depends
upon the question whether at the election in St.
Louis Samuel Knox or Francis P. Blair, jr., re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast. Therefore
the investigation, both in the committee and in
the House, would necessarily proceed in the same
manner as if the question of the major general-
ship hud never been raised. Samuel Knox, of
course, could not have received a majority of
votes if a majority had been cast for Francis P.
Blair; and no question that can arise on the con-
sideration of this case will be waived or disposed
of by any conclusion that the House may come
to on the question of the major generalship. It
may not be improper for me to state that the Com-
mittee of Elections has had tliaf matter referred
to it, and in due time I doubt not it will present
a report on that question winch, I trust, will be
satisfactory to the House.
The question now before the House is, which
of these two gentlemen received a majority of the
votes cast at the election held, according to law,
in tho State of Missouri on the 4th of November, j
3662. The first district of Missouri is composed ]
of seven wards of the city of St. Louis and three
small townships called St. Louis township, St. |
Ferdinand township, and Central township. At I
that election there were three candidates. The
votes as between the two highest, Blair and Knox, (
were returned and canvassed by the proper an- i
ihonties, giving to Mr. Blair 4,741 votes and to j
Mr. Knox 4,58« votes—the official canvass giving
Mr. Blair a majority over Mr. Knox of 153 votes. :
Mr. Knox, within the time prescribed by the
statute,served a notice on Mr. Blair of his niton- [
tion to contest Mr. Blair's light to the seat. The
notice contained very many specifications, and, '
in due time, it was answered by as many and as
curious ones on the part ot the sitting member.
The specifications of the contestant and sitting I
member are contained in Miscellaneous Docu-;
ment No. 16. They are very numerous, very
much involved, very complicated, and it is hardly >
worth whilCfor me to consume the time of the I
House in reading them. I assume in the discussion
of this case thai the members of tho House have
read the report, arid not only this Miscellaneous
Document No. 16, but the views of the majority
and minority submitted to the House on this'ques-
tion. Therefore, assuming that to be the fact, it
is hardly necessary to go further, certainly at the
present time, than to state the conclusions to which
the committee came, and the principles on which
those'conclusions were founded.
The committee submitted tboit- report to the
House on the 5th day ofMay. On the 2d day of
June following, the minority of the committee
submitted their views. I do not know whether
it is the intention of the minority to offer any re-
marks to the House in support of their report or
not. If it be their desire I am ready to yield to
them at any time in order that they may be made.
Otherwise, at the conclusion of the statement I
shall make I shall perhaps call the previous ques-
tion. I would inquire of tho gentlemen who rep-
resent the minority if it is their desire to submit
any views upon this question.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I have already
informed the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions that 1 was not prepared to discuss the ques-
tions involved in the case to-day; thatother mem-
bers of the committee had intended to do it, or at
least one member of the committee whom I sup-
posed desired to discuss the report was absent,
and I asked him, for the purpose of giving me
the opportunity of making a reexamination of the
testimony, to postpone this case for one week.
It has pleased the members on the other side of
the House in the high appreciation they have of
what is due to a soldier in the field to refuse the
request, and to insist on going on in this case
without any preparation made to present our
reasons for not concurring in the majority report.
I do not now intend to occupy any time in the
discussion of this matter. I shall, however, listen
to the remarks of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, and it is possible may say a few
words in reply. At any rate, it will be but a few
moments that I shall occupy of the time of the
House on this question, if any at all.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr.* Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that he did on
the 8th instant approve and sign bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 293) to provide for the pay-
ment of the second regiment, third brigade, Ohio
volunteer militia, during the time they were mus-
tered into tho service of the United States;
An act (II. R.No. 426) to create an additional
supervising inspector of steamboats and two
local inspectors of steamboats for the collection
district of Memphis, Tennessee, and two local
inspectors for the collection district of Oregon,
and for other purposes; and
An act (H. II. No. 455) to punish and prevent
the counterfeiting of com of the United States.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
Mr. DAWES. The majority of 153 reported
by the canvassers in favor of Mr. Blair is made
up among other votes of those cast for Mr. Blair
in what is called the Abbey precinct within the
city of St. Louis, at which precinct there were
cast for Blair 424 votes; for Knox 41 votes; for
Bogy 11 votes. The qualifications for voters by
the constitution of Missouri require citizenship
ol the United States, and a roaidenoein the State
of one year, and in the precinct where the vote
is e.ast for three months. There is a special pro-
vision of law, however, permitting a man to vote
out of his own precinct within the district, pro-
vided he then and there make oath that he has
not and will not vote in any other ptecinct at that
election.
The Abbey precinct is a small one out of the
thickly peopled purt of the city proper, but within
the charter limits. It contains very few inhabit-
ants, and they well known to each other. It is
a portion of the city which indicates from year to
year no particularchange. The inhabitants there
are for the most part permanent residents,and are
well known to everybody there, and can easily
be recognized at all times. It has cast heretofore
a very small vote. At the congressional election j
in 1858 93 votes weie cast. At the next election
only 138 votes were oast, and at the one subse-
quent to the election under consideration, 141. At
this election, I.have already stated, th^re was the
astonishing result of 424 votes cast at this poll
for Mr. Blair, 41 for Mr. Knox, and 11 for Mr.
Bogy, making an aggregate vote of 496 votes cast
at that precinct, although at the very next elec-
tion it fell down -to 140, and at the immediately
preceding election it stood at 138. • There "were
about four times the number of votes cast at this
poll that were ever cast" before>in that precinct;
more than four times what were east at the elec-
tion for Congress in 1858, only a little less than
four times the number cast in 1860-and 1863.
It is very obvious, Mr. Speaker, if there were
four times the nufwber of legal votes cast in this
precinct it must be a large precinct, or so situated
for some reason or other that this importation
of inhabitants into this district for the spaee of
three or four months must be a matter which
could not have failed to arrest the notice of the
residents,could not have failed to have been rec-
ognized, and there would be no difficulty in
showing it, and showing the cause for it. Such
is the peculiarity of voting in the city of St. Louis
that everyman who approaches the polls haslns
name recorded and a number affixed to it, and
also put upon the back of the ballot, so that every
man who votes at any election has his name re-
corded, and there is no difficulty in telling partic-
ularly from year to year who votes at any pre-
cinct, and for whom he voted. In comparing this
poll list of 496 with the poll list of 93, cast at the
preceding election of 1858, there are only found
19 who had voted at the preceding election for
Congress in 1858, 13 of those who had voted at
the congressional elect ion of 1860, and 3b' of those
who had voted at the election a year afterwards.
So of these 496 voters, they were all strangers to
the polls except froiji 19 to 36.
We have also the testimony of the residents
there. The oldest inhabitants appear and testify
that, although they went frequently to the polls
on this occasion, they found very few voters there
that they had ever seen before. One of these wit-
nesses lives near the polls, and he has testified
that he could see but two faces there that he had
ever seen before, besides the judges. They were
mostly persons in the uniform of soldiers, and
that those who were not soldiers were strangers
to^the inhabitants. There were situated about a
miTe and a half from these polls the Benton bar-
racks, and at that place there were quartered at
that time from fourteen to fifteen hundred paroled
prisoners, United States soldiers who were pris-
oners on parole, coming from Iowa, Illinois, and
the State of Missouri, outside of the city of St.
Louis. It is shown that there were fourteen to
fifteen hundred paroled prisoners there from the
various States outside of Missouri. Belonging to
other States, they of course had no right To vote
m the State of Missouri. They had no sort of
right to cast their votes at these polls. There were
also employed some two or three hundred team-
sters and others at a corral near that place. An
officer of a regiment from the seventh congres-
sional districtexamined the names which appeared
upon this poll-list and found that there were fifty-
six mefnbers of his own company, which was sta-
tioned at the Benton barracks, who had voted al-
most in a body at this election. There were other
United Slates soldiers at Jefferson barracks on the
opposite side of the city,and about fifteen miles
distant from this point. Some of these, together
with the soldiers at the Benton barracks, voted at
these polls. They were shown by the testimony
to have started with the avowed purpose of cast-
ing their votes for the sitting member, saying, as
they started, that they " voted for Blow down here
and for Blair up there." Thirty of their names
are found recorded among the four hundred and
ninety-six to which I have referred.
It is also shown that one of the judges of the
election, getting tired of the discharge of bis du-
ties, and being more interested in the voting than
in receiving votes, changed places with a by-
stander and went into the crowd to electioneer for
the sitting member. The judge changed places
with a bystander against the provisions of the
law, leaving him, an unqualified judge appointed
without authority of law, to officiate, and thereby
vitiating the whole proceeding. The question is '
submitted to the House whether under the circum-
stances and with this evidence, and with nothing
by the sitting member to control it, whether this
la not one of those cases of which the precedents
