1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
mm
are very numerous, and particularly in this very
district, i« former contests, where the polls should,
be rejected entirely. The committee were of
opinion that this was one of those cases in which
fraudulent voting was carried to such an extent
that it implicated the officers of the election, and
which led the committee to believe that it could
not have been done against their will, if the polls
had been properly guarded by them. Such was
the extent to which the fraud was carriecl that it
was impossible to ascertain truly how many legal
votes were cast at these polls either for the sit-
ting member or the contestant. Iquoteda prece-
dent, and I believe no one questioned the prece-
dent, and leastof all the sitting member; for upon
his claim four years ago to hav§ votes rejected
under similar circumstances, the votes of four
precincts in that district were rejected.
The only question is whether the evidence is
sufficient to bring this case within the known rule
of law. Here the names of all-these men were
appended to the notice of contest, so that the sit-
ting member had notice of every one of those
who were alleged to be illegal voters. If they
were voters in the precinctit was the easiest thing
in the world for him to have shown it. It is a
small precinct in which everybody who resides
in it is known and in which every resident could
be pointed out, with the list before him. If they
came from other parts of .the city, and had the
right to come there arfS vote if they took the oath
that they had voted nowhere else, it would have
been an easy thing, with the list before him, to
point out where tlrey did reside. He has done no
such thing; he has attempted no such thing; but
has contented himself with saying that they might
have proceeded from the Government corrals and
from Government employes at the Eenton bar-
racks, fro'm those who, though employed there,
were still voters. And it is true they might have
proceeded from those sources, but the difficulty
about it is that seventy or eighty of them are
traced to other quarters, and the difficulty about
the rest is that nobody has showed that they did
come from that quarter. The committee were able
to trace eighty of them to soldiers not entitled to
vote.-
It is claimed now by the sitting member that it
is incumbent upon the contestant to show affirm-
atively that the others were fraudulent voters, and
that he was not called upon to show that they
Were legal voters. And it is true as a proposition
Of law. But when he has shown that there does
not exist in the precinct any such names as those;
that there never was cast at any time before a
quarter partof the number of votes; and when he
shows by the old residents of the district that they
are all strangers to them,and when he shows fur-
ther that a quarter part of those fraudulent votes
are actually traced to met* who reside in other
States or districts; and whence shows still fur-
ther the informality and illegality of a judge of
election leaving his place and his duties and giv-
ing it up to an iiresponsible and unqualified per-
son; and when he shows still further that it was
openly avowed at the polls that the voting was to
be all one way, and that men were not permitted
to vote who would not vote for the sitting mem-
ber. the contestant has, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, shown sufficient to call upon the sitting
member to do that which it was so easy for him
to do, namely, to show that these are legal voters
in that precinct and district, their names having
been before him for sixty days. The committee
were therefore of opinion that the votes returned
from that precinct should be rejected.
The remainder of the case mostly depends upon
the voles of soldiers. With reference to the vote
of soldiers, it is claimed by the sitting member
and by the contestant that there were many fraud- j
ulent votes cast on the one side and the other, I
and that many votes of persons not residents and j
not soldiers at all were cast in camp according to
the provisions of law which entitles soldieis only |
to vote in that manner outside of ths district; ;
that many of the soldiers who did vote were mi- j
nors, and were not entitled to vote at all; and
that many others had their own residence in other \
districts of that State and in other States, it is !
hardly possible for me 10 go through with the j
investigation; but I desire to state to the House i
the principle upon which the comrfiittee came to j
the conclusions which are stated in their repoit. j
To support the allegation of the contestant, that i
.men who were not soldiers voted at camp under
the law authorizing soldiers to vote,, and that
minors voted at camps, and also men who were
not residents of the first congressional district of
Missouri, the contestant introduced papers pur-
porting to* be the muster-rolls of several regi-
ments.
It was objected by the sitting member that.those
papers were notproperly authenticated", and upon
that question the evidence.is that they are copies
found in the adjutant general's office in Missouri,
sworn to by the persons who took the copies.
The law regulating contested elections permits
the introduction of sworn copies. It is claimed
by the sitting member that inasmuch as the law
of Congress Hoes not require copies of the muster-
rolls to be kept in that office at all; these papers
in the adjutant general's office are only copies,
and therefore that the papers produced here are
copies of copies, and therefore are not legal -tes-
timony. But these were regiments of Missouri
militia, organized at first under the laws of Mis-
souri, and after such organization mustered in
the United States service. The muster-rolls of
those regiments were the muster-rolls of the mi-
litia of Missouri, organized under the law of Mis-
souri, which requires the muster-rolls to be de-
posited'in the office of the adjutant general of
Missouri; but they were afterwards mustered into
the service of the United States, and consequently
a copy of the papers, or you may call it an ori-
ginal of the papers, was deposited in the office
of the'adjutant general.- The committee were of
opinion that the one was original as well as the
other, and that therefore a copy of the one was
as good as a copy of the other; and the question
then comes up, what does the muster-roll prove?
Upon that point it was contended by the contest-
ant that the muster-roll contained evidence of the
residence of the man when he enlisted, because
the muster-roll gives the names of the men and
the places where they were mustered in. It is
claimed by thecontestant that wherever the mus-
ter-roll shows that a man is mustered in, whether
at Sedalia or at St. Joseph, that is evidence that
he was not a residentof this district in St. Louis
when he was mustered into the service. But the
committee were of the opinion that the muster-
roll is no evidence of the residence of the soldier,
because it purports %>!y to set forth the point
where a man was mustered in; and it is a known
fact that men go from all parts of a State to a
certain point to be mustered in. In Massachu-
setts thoy go to Boston, in Missouri to St. Louis,
and in Pennsylvania to Philadelphia. The law
in relation to the mustering in of men does not
require that the residence of the man enlisted shall
be ascertained; and therefore a muster-roll does
not purport to be evidence of the citizenship or res-
idence of the soldier; and, so far as the contestant
introduced muster-rolls as evidence of the resi-
dence of any vpters, they were rejected. The
muster-roll shows the age of the man enlisted,
and the law requires his age to be ascertained. It
is therefore prima far.ie evidence of the age of the
soldier, subject, of course, to be rebutted by any
other evidence. ,
The contestant introduced muster-rolls for an-
other purpose, and that was to show that men
who voted as members of particular regiments
were not upon the muster-rolls of those regiments;
and it was claimed by him that because their
names did not appear upon the muster-rolls pre-
sented by him, they were not members of that
regiment on the day of the election.
The committee was of opinion that whether a
muster-roll was evidence of the fact of the man's
being a member of that regiment on the day of
election would depend upon the time when the
muster-roll was made out. A muster-roll made
out at any paiticular time purports and is certi-
fied to contain the actual condition of the regi-
ment at that time. But it does not contain any
sure evidence of who might have belonged to that
regiment a year before, or who might belong to
it a year afterwards. Men are continually being
discharged, and others are being continually added
to it byrecruits. Therefore the actual condition
of the muster of a regiment is constantly under-
going changes. What it is to-day is very unlike
what it was a month ago, or what it will be a
month hence. On that point the committee laid
down this rule: that all the muster-rolls offered
by the contestant, except such as were made out I
at or about the time of the,fileetiorf,;6h(|ujd be;ad-
jected, 40'&r,as they were offered a.s evidence qf
the names of t^ese who actuafty belonged- to
regiment. ~.n>v
Mr. BROWN,-ofWisconsin. .Iagk thftchair-
man of .the committeewhetiierj theae-mu^te-r-rpliB
were produced before the. commissioner HMt-hin
th« tirne allowed tp,t%ke testipwy-,,"!; tyiwstiW .
they w,ere produced subsequently and j.a violation
of the act of Congress. • ..... . '
Mr. DAWES.; My friend is quite as familiar
with the fact asl, having, sat patiently and listened
to all the evidence and the1 arguments. My, recol-
lection is that the muster-rolls were produced as
part,of the testimony of Thomas Slade. I am not
certain about that, but if I am not right in it ray
friend can correct me. " -
Willthegentleman tell me atwhat time Thomas
Slade's depositions were .taken? .That will de-
termine it. While my friend is looking at; this
point I will assume that the testimony of Thomas
Slade was taken within the time alio wed'by.law.
On this principle both the sitting-member and the
contestant proceeded to purge the polls, 0{i£, nd
the other casting out all who were not entftiid to
be counted by this rule. ' , , . .
Mr. SANSON. 1 call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to the affidavit of
Slade. It was taken on the 24th of December,
1863..
Mr. DAWES. I did notinquire when the affi-
davit of Slade was taken, but when the depositions
were taken. If the gentleman has his deposttions
there I would be obliged to him to give the date
of them. He will find that the deposition Was
taken February 21, 1863, and that the affidavit
was rejected by the committee.
By that rule, Mr. Speaker, the parties to this
contest proceeded to examine the returns and to
sift them of what both allege to be illegal votes.
There was another element which entered into
this case. It was this. The canvassers rejected
a large number of returns from different regiments
fprdifferent reasons. There wasonlyone.reasop
that was claimed to have been an- improper one; it
was this: a portion of the returns were.rejected be-
cause they did not contain an abstract of the votes.
The law requires the returning officer to return an
abstract of the votes. In some instances the officers ■
returned in full the actual number of votes cast
for each party, and it was considered by the can-
vassers that because they had not added up and
abstracted—thatis,given the resultinfigures, the
returns should be rejected. But the comniittee
was not of that opinion. The committee was of
opinion that while the law of Missouri requires
of the election, officers to add up and give tins ab-
stract of returns, their failure to do so did not
render the returns void. That is a thing which
the committee could do as well as the election offi-
cers. It seemed to be absurd to claim that be-
cause the election officers had not acted with pre-
cision the returns should be rejected. The com-
mittee therefore admitted all the returns that had
been rejected for that defect. The results of the
vote at the election wore summed up, and they
showed a majority of 49 votes for Mr. Knox.
The only question before the House—and on
that question I have no doubt each member has
for himself examined the evidence—is to see
whether the principles laid down by the commit-
tee were correct, and afterwards whether the evi-
dence brought the case within those principles.
If so, the result must be as has been stated by the
committee. The minority of the committee had
some objections which they desired to support,
and if they desire to do so now I will yield the
floor; otherwise! will demand theprefiousques-
tion.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I should not
only do injustice to the sitting member, but injus-
tice to myself mid to the House, were I to attempt
from a mere recollection of what I have read two
or-three months ago to discuss the merits of the
proposition now before the House. I am willing
to accept the past action of the House in the case
of Bruce and Loan, the vote which has just been
taken upon the question of giving a fair opportu-
nity to the sitting member to be heard, as a test
by "which 1 am to judge of tile effect of any argu-
ment which might be urged for the purpose of in-
fluencing the determination of this body upon the
pending proposition. If gentlemen oil the other
side of the House are willing to kick over the
