1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•835
have examined the matter closely. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is wrong about it. The
putting in the amendment proposed will make it
fair anil square. It will not increase the appro-
priation one dollar, but will make it square with
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy.
The Committee of Ways and Means should bear
in mind that this $10,000 has been made a sepa-
rate item. That is where the mistake lies. If I
were mistaken I would ask for an increase of
$10,000; but I am not mistaken, and I think if the-
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
will examine it more closely he will find I am cor-
rect. It is better to adopt my original amendment,
and have this matter thus corrected, than to find
afterwards that there has been a gross blunder
committed. I withdraw the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. Hicby's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come inafterline two hun-
dred and thirty:
JFoi improvement and repairs of hospital at Memphis,
i ,000.
For improvement and repairs of hospital at New Orleans,
$o.000.
Mr. Chairman, I find no provision in this bill
for the maintenance of the two hospitals to which
the amendmentthat I offerapplies. AtMemphis
the Government took possession in March last of
the large building known as the Commercial Ho-
tel, which at the present time contains between
two hundred and two hundred and fifty patients.
The amount named in this amendment is not for
any new woik, but simply to keep the building
in the necessary repair. The same is also true,
so far as the appropriation is concerned, in its ap-
plication to the hospital in use in the city of New
Orleans, for which no provision is elsewhere made.
I will say that this appropriation isdeemed to be
necessary by the chief of the Bureau of Medicine
and Surgery, whose letter I have, in which he
says:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Medicine and Surcery,
February J 7. 3864.
Sir: Referring to our interview of this morning, 1 beg
le.:ue to icpeat what i then hart the honor to state, that the
e^timate^ lor naval hospitals at Memphis, Tennessee,
(>•7,000.) and at New Oilcans, ($5,000,) are designed to
keep in repair buildings already occupied by the Navy, and
to make such occasional improvements therein as the
greati r comfort of the sick and wounded may leqniie.
The hospital at Memphis supeisedes the one fonnerly
located at Mound City, Illinois, the removal being made
neec-?s=arv by com>idoi.uiony of gi eater convenience to the
Mississippi squadron. On the loth instant it contained two
hundied patients, about the daily average number since
the l-t January.
The lsn-.pn.il at New Oilcans has also been in opeiafion
foi teveial months under the genera! direction of the fleet
suigcon of the Western Gult blockading squadron, which
is laurel} made up of voxels of such limited dimensions as
to afford no soit of accommodation for any one except the
hearty and lobust. Sick and wounded are neces.-atily re-
moved fiom the small vessels to more ptoper quarter-. The
ho-pital buildinc was tiantferred to us fiom the Army un-
finished and unfurnished, and hence tequnes many small
expenditures to ln&uie eomfoit.
Very respectfully, &c., W. "Wlir,!/ \N.
Hon. A. li. UtCE. Chairman of the Naval Committee, House
of Representatives.
. The question was taken on Mr. Rice's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
* Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means has directed me to offer an amendment
to the clause for Mare island, California, by strik-
ing out " piling and pieparmg foundation of north
wing of ordnance building; and for repairs on
* magazine buildings and pile wharf, $41,303," and
inserting in lieu thereof " 29,368;" so as tomake
it rend:
Maie island, California:
Foi two Mnall magazines at noith end o( the yaul; en-
largement of shell hou;-e; piepanng gun patk ; building
skid-;, and c.hot beds; maehincij and tools lor oiduance
shop, .$'29,368.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
by striking out of the clause " for pay of super-
intendents, naval constructors, and all the civil
establishments of the several navy-yards and sta-
tions" the words " $125,683. This appropriation
is made upon the basis of no increase of sal try,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And the pay of commandants'and stoiekecper.>' fii-r clerks
and the Hoik* of the nav}-yards at Ho*ton, New York,and
Washington, shall be that of class second in the Executive
Departments, namely, §J,40U; and at Poitsmouth, New
.Hampshire, Philadelphia., Norfolk, and Pensacola, the pay
of this class shall be that of first class, namely, $1,200 per
annum ; and the pay of the civil engineer at the navy-yard,
Mare island, California, shall he $3,200.
Mr. PIKE. I understand this is an amendment
to increase salaries.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, I will state that
this amendment comes under the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Navy, and that it is recom-
mended to him by the chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, who has particular charge of the sub-
ject. The pay of the clerks and engineers of the
Navy is fixed by law, and hence the necessity
of stating the amount of the salary in the amend-
ment. It provides only a small increase of pay
for these officers at two or three points. It is
recommended, as I said, by the proper bureau
and by the Secretary of the Navy. It is accept-
able, as I understand, to the Committee of Ways
and Means, who have considered the subject, and
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. PIKE. This is, as I supposed it was, a
proposition for an increase of salary; and it seems
to me that this moment, in the present situation
of the Government, is a most inopportune time
to increase the salary of anybody, at any point.
For one, I am entirely opposed to any increase
of this character.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that as the salary of these officers is fixed
by law, it cannot be changed in this way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order comes too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was trying to get the Chair's
attention.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman could have
obtained the floor by rising to a question of order
ut any time.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, in line two
hundred and eighty-one, by adding:
For salary of one clerk at $1,200, one clerk at $1,000 per
annum, at the New York navy-yaid, §2,200.
I offer the amendment by direction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The number of clerks attached to the New York
navy-yard, I undeistand, is now fixed bylaw,
and new clerkships cannot be created in this way
in a genera! appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will merely say that at
present these clerks arc paid by the day, and it is
a great deal better that they should have a fixed
salary as they have at the Boston navy-yard.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I change my point of
order, and submit that as the salary of these clerks
is now fixed by the day it cannot be changed to
a yearly salary in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN, if the gentleman insists
on it the Chair will have to sustain the question
of order.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; I do not insist on it.
It is for the benefit of the Government, but if the
gentleman-from Indiana objects to it, let it go.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
under the head of " Naval Observatory " line two
hundred and ninety-three, page 13, by striking
out "four" and inserting " three," so as to make
the paragraph read: "for salary of assistant as-
tronomer, three aids, and clerk, $8,000," and by
adding at the end of the paragraph, "and $4,000
thereof shall be equally divided among the three
aids as their salary."
I will state that the amendment does not pro-
pose to increase at all the amount to be appro-
priated; it simply divides the salary heiotofore
paid to the four aids among three, who are now
doing all the work, and who are now wry in-
adequately compensated. These aids to the Ob-
servatory are gentlemen of liberal education, who,
in addition to the caie of the instruments con-
nected with the Observatory, arc themselves prac-
tical a&tronomeis, who make observations, and
who woik out the observations made by other
persons there. Their salary is £l,000 a year,
scarcely the amount which is received by me-
chanics or clerks who have expended no such
sums of money and no such amount of time as
is necessary upon the part of these gentlemen to
fit them foi their scientific labors. Tin wotkis
now being pi rfoimed by three aids, and the prop-
osition is to put the whole work of the four upon
three, and divide among them the additional salary
which would accrue thereby.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Ijnovetoamdnd
in line three hundred and ten, as follows:
For bounties for the destruction of the enemy's Vessels,
as per act of July 17,186*2, for the better govenuaenfof the
Navy, .*250,000.
I will simply state that this is an appropriation
to carry out the provisions of an existing law.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the law?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I havecited the
law in the amendment. The law of 1862 provides
bounties for the destruction of the enemy's ves-
sels, but no appropriation has been made for car-
rying that law into effect. A number of the ene-
my's vessels have been destroyed,and parties are
entitled to certain bounties, but there is no appro-
priation for the payment of these bounties. T Call
the attention of the committee to the thirtieth page
of the report of the Secretary of the Navy in which
he refers to the subject. He tsaysr
" The fourth section of the t Act for the better govern-
ment of the Navy,' approved July 17,1862, provides c that
a bounty shall be paid by the United States for each person
on boaid any ship or vesscl-of-war belonging to an onemy
at the commencement of an engagement, which shall be
sunk or otherwise destroyed in sueli engagement by any
ship or vessel belonging to the United States, or which it
may be necessary to destroy in consequence of injuries sus-
tained in action, of $100, if ihe enemy's ves&el was of m-
fenorfoice; and of $200 if of equal or superior force; t$ 
be divided among the officers and cievv in the same man-
ner as prize money.'
" Since the enactment of this law there have been re-
peated ca es in which the right to the bounty has accrued
to the officeis and crews of vessels of the Navy, particularly
on the western waters ; but theie being no appropriations
to which the expenditure could properly be eliarired, the
claims to the bounty have remained unsettled, and the just
expectation of those entitled to the lewaid have been dis-
appointed. Theamountnecessaij to pay the claims which
have accrued would probably not exceed $250,000; and it is
desirable that an eatly piovi-ion be made for the payment
of this juj-t dwbt. In the event of an appiopiiation tor the
purpose, a board will be appointed b> the Depaitment lor
the examination of the claims, or they may be ascertained
m any othei mannci which Congiess may be pleased to
direct."
The amendment of Mr. Rice, of Massachu-
setts, was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means reported an additional section, which
in some way between the Clerk and printer has
been lost. It is not m the printed bill, and I now
move to add it as a new section.
The Cleik read, as follows:
Jln.1 be it farther enacted, That foi the purpose of build-
ing a floatingdi j -dock foi iuonitoi> ai the New Yoik navy-
5aid, and aUo at tin' navy-yaid at Philadelphia, at a ptiee
not exceeding ."5260,000 each, the tum of .$520,000 be, and
the same i> heieby,' appiopuated, to be paid out of the ap-
piopiiiUon of ^730,000 foi a fioauugdiy-doek at the navv-
yanl at New Yoik, piovidrd for by the act making appropria-
tion^ lor the naval service of tin* United State*, approved
Mdich.'}, 1863; and the balance of f-aid appiopriatiun be,
and the same is heieljy, repealed.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, as I have
stated before, that was a part of the bill as it was
repoi ted by the Committee of Ways and Means,
but by some mistake it did notgetinto the printed
bill.
It can he explained in a few words. Last year,
when it was supposed thaf very large iron-clad
vessels were to bo built, an appropriation was made
of $750,000 for the purpose of constructing a float-
ing diy-dock at New York, as none m the coun-
try then in existence could take up those vessels.
But those vessels were not built, and there is no
appropriation reported for them in this bill.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
reported to us that there was no place at the New
Yoik navy-yard where such adry-dock could be
built, and he recommended two of inferior size
to accommodate the iron-clads now building, one
in New Yoik andonem Philadelphia,at§560,000
each. lie recommended that this appropriation
should be tiansferred for that purpose. That is
all thcic is of the amendment.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise*
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawks reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the House (No. 151) making appropriations for
the nava' service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1865, and had directed him to report the
same back to the House with sundry amendments.^
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
