1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
provisions, but I am certain that if he will apply
Iits attention to the subjcct for a short time he will
find it not near so .complicated as he seems to
consider it.
-I desire further to say that by the provisions
of this law, legacies, which are the appropriation
of personal property by will to the benefit of an-
other, are taxed. A duty upon the transfer of
title of real estate from the grantor to the grantee
is imposed by the necessity of affixing a stamp.
These sections are intended to supply an omis-
sion, and tax real estate as it passes by will and
deed, taking effect upon the death of the grantor.
It is intended for that purpose and no other.
That the matter is difficult I am well aware;
that it is intricate I am also aware; but that it is
more difficult or more intricate than the nature
of the subject demands 1 think the gentleman will
hardly say after he has given it that considera-
tion which he usually devotes to every subject.
I desire to say, in reply to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] that while there is a pro-
vision made here for taxing the succession by
way of suivivorship, there is afso a provision
which applies to eases where the estate is held
in common. While it is true that the old title
of survivorship at common law is done away
with in most of the States, it is still true that ti-
tle by survivorship does accrue in this country,
that is, where an estate is vested in two for life,
and, upon the death of one, the survivor takes
all. Ihere is no law of any State against the
creation of a title of that kind, and the section to
which he alludes is intended to tax the accretion
of title and increment of interest in the person
who takes the whole estate upon the ^eath of one
tenant. . • '
Nor is the criticism of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in relation to the mode of collecting
this tax more cogent. The tax upon succession
is collected in the same manner as the direct taxes,
and surely the gentleman knows that the same
officers assess and collect the direct tax who assess
and collect the other internal taxes.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to be uncandid
in any criticism I make. In alluding to the ref-
erence which was made to the second section 1
did it because 1 supposed it disclosed the origin
of this bill. I had no doubt but what it would
be amended when attention should be called to it,
but it disclosed the origin of the provisions just
the same as an independent measure designed by
somebody originally to be an independent matter,
but subsequently incorporated into this bill.
I submit to the gentleman that the idea of un-
dertaking to provide different rates of taxation
upon different kinds of descent, or conveyance,
or tenure of real estate, is altogether unnecessary.
If we provide a tax upon the conveyance or de-
scent of real estate it should be in the most gen-
eral terms possible, and there is no reason for
putting one rate upon one kind of descent, and
another upon a different kind; and if so, then
there is no reason for dividing it up into so many
parts.
That is my criticism upon the provision. It
uses the old legal phrases properly, and when I
get a little brushed up in Cruise and Coke I have
no doubt that I shall be able, in some degree, to
understand it; but \ submit that there is no ne-
cessity for it. Why make a distinction between
conveyance by sale andconveyance by deed ? And
why make a. distinction between descent to an heir
male and to an heir female? Why make all these
distinctions? I submit that there is nothing in
the nature of the case that requires them. This
led me to make the criticism which I made upon
these provisions. I beg pardon of the gentleman
from Ohio if it seemed to be unkind.
Mr. PENDLETON. Not at all.
Mr. DAWES. It occurred to me that this was
rather a complicated matter/ Itwould appear to
the unsophisticated mind to be a "matter very easily
ai ranged, that if I convey my real estate of a cer-
tain value I shall pay a certain tax, whether I
convey it in one way or the other. Thatis all I
have to say.
Mr. PENDLETON. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out section
one hiyhdred and fifty-one. The same thing is
provided for in section one hundred and fifty-eight.
Mr. PENDLETON. And I have prepared un
£ftiendment for section one hundred and fifty-
eight, which I shall offer when we reach that
point.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRiSWOLD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to go back to section one
hundred and fifty-three, that I may offer the fol-
lowing proviso to it:
ProvUed, That such instrument, document, or paper
shall not, by reason of ?uch omission, become invalid, pro-
vided such omission happened by mistake or accident, and
that tact be made to appear by affidavit of any patty to such
instrument, document, or paper, or other person, to be
made before any officer authorized to take affidavits, to be
used in courts of record ot the State where application shall
be made to iiave such instrument, document, or paper
stamped as herein provided, and provided also that such
affidavit shall be filed w/tli the eolJeetoi of ilie district j/i
which such application shall be made ; and thcp.uty apply-
ing to have such instmment,document, oi paper stamped,
shall pay to such collector a sum sufficient to purchase the
stamp required by this act upon such instrument, docu-
ment, or paper, and fifty per cent. 111 addrtion thereto; and
upon such payment being made, it shall be the duty of the
said collector to stamp such instrument, document, or pa-
per, and cancel such stamp; and whenevei a wrong or in-
sufficient stamp shall have been affixed to any such instru-
ment, document, oi paper, the pcison applying to such
collector to have the same stamped, shall only be required
to pay to such collector the deficiency between such stamp,
so affixed, and the one required by this act, and fitty per
cent, thereon in addition thereto.
Mr. MORRILL. I must object to going back
to that section.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. 1 move to amend the one
hundred and fifty-sixth section by striking out m
line five the words " the initials of his name and;"
so that the section will read:
That in any and ail cases where an adhesive stamp shall
be used tor denoting any duty imposed by this act, except
as hcreinaftci provided, cither the person using oi affixing
the same shall write thereupon the date upon which the
same shall be attached or used, &c 
I think the provision of the section as it stands
is an unnecessary and inconvenient one.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that amendment is
right.
Mr. KASSON. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from New York and to the committee, that
some mode of cancellation of this kind is indis-
pensably necessary.
Mr. HOTCHlCiSS. The date is enough.
The Amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to amend
by striking out section one hundred and fifty-eight,
as follows:
Skc. 158. Jind he it further enacted, That if any person
or peisons shall make, sign, oi nsue, or cause to be made,
signed, oi issued, or shall accept or pay, or cau e to be ac-
cepted or paid, with design to evade the pajmentof any
stamp duty, any bill of exchange, diaft, or ouieuoi pionns-
sory note for the payment of money, liable to uny ol the
duties imposed by this act, without the same being duly
stamped, or having thereupon an adhesive stamp tor de-
noting the duty hereby charged tlieteon, he, she, or they
shall, for every such bill, dwitt, order, or note, forfeit the
sum ot $200.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Sf.c. IoB. -rind be it farther enacted, That any person or
persons who shall make, sign, or issue, or who shall cau^e
to be made, signed, or issued, any instrument, document,
or paper of any kind or description whatsoever, oi shall
accept or pay, or cause to be accepted or paid, any bilj of
exchange, diaft. oi order, or piomis-ory note tor the pay-
ment oi money, without the same being duly stamped, or
having theieupon an adhesive stamp foi denoting the duty
chargeable theieon, with intent to evade the ptovtMoiis ot
this act, shall, for eveiy such offense, forfeit the &um of
#J00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Chairman, it seems to be
admitted by everybody that the old law in refer-
ence to this subject must be changed, because it
has been a fruitful source of much dishonesty and
unfair advantages. I am in favor of adopting
that remedy which, while it shall best execute the
law, will at the same time lemedy the evils com-
plained of. A great many people have had an
unfair advantage taken of them by reason of an
inadvertent omission to affix stamps to instru-
ments to which they were paitios.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the attention of Lhe
committee to a proviso in section one hundred
and sixty-three, which declares that
No instrument, document, or piper made, signed, or
issued prioi to the pas-age of this net without being duty
stamped, or having thereon an adhesive stamp to denote
the duty imposed thereon, shall, for that cause, i( the stamp
or stamps requited -hall be subsequently affixed, bo deemed
invalid and of no effect.
Mr. THAYER. That refers to the same sub-
ject, but it is not the provision which I want rn-
eorpoidted m thehill. Thissubjecthas been very
much agitate^ in England, and it lias resulted in
the adoption oi' a system which has been found
1 believe to operate very well, and is probably as
good as any that can be devised for protectmgat
once the rights of the Government and the inter-
ests and safety of individuals.
These provisions may be found by any person
who has curiosity to examine the subject in the
British statute 13 and 34 Vict.,chap, ninety-seven.
They are in substance thia:the statute in the first
place affixes a permit y for notstamping the instru-
ment at the time it is issued. It enables, how-
ever, parties who have neglected that to affix
stamps subsequently on payment of the regular
duty chargeable on the instrument,and on payment
of the penalty imposed by law for the omission,
it provides also for the cases of inadvertent omis-
sion of the stamp, by enabling the revenue officer,
at the request of the party interested, to attach
the stamp, where he is satisfied that the omission
has been from inadvertence or mere negligence,
on paymentof the regular duty, without penalty.
Now, JVlr. Chairman, I do not believe that any
system can be devised that will better protect at
the same time the interests of the Governmcntand
those of the individual than the plan adopted in
England. In the first place, it declares the instru-
ment absolutely void. It then goes on and pro-
vides that where, howevet, there has been an
omission to attach the proper stamp the party
may have it attached on payment ot the prescribed
penalty, <£10. He is to do that in the presence
of the officer of the Government, and to pay lum
the penalty. The officer is to affix the stamp.
TIip other provision provides that where the
omission has been through^ mere accident and
inadvertence, the party may, if he applies within
twelve months after the date of the instrument,
have the stamp affixed, without payment of tke
penalty, in the presence of the lcveniu: oificei, on
simply paying the stamp duty.
1 detiiie to offer an amendment introducing
these features into the law now under considei-
ation. My amendment is to substitute for the
pending section the one hundted and fifty-first
section with a proviso, so thai n will read as fol-
lows:
Sec. 151. Jlnd be it fmthei cnactcd, That it any person
or persons shall make, sign, and issue, oi i-&ue oi cause
to be made, signed, and issued, any insti anient, document,
or papei ot any kind oi description what-o< vei, without
the sainebemji duly stamped foi denoting the duty lieu by
imposed tiiereon, ot without having thereupon an adhesive
stamp to denote said duty, *u<h person oi puisons shall
incui a penally ot" fifty dollar?-, and Mich im-lt ument, doc-
ument, oi paper, as aioresa>d, shall be deemed invalid and
of no efi.\et : Provided, however, Th.it in cams win ie the
paity oi parties have i < t affixed to such deed, insiiuun nt,
document, writing, or paper, mentioned m said schedule
13, at the tune of making and issuing the same, the &utnp
required b> law, he or they shall, it -ubsequemly desirous
ot affixing such stamp, appear beloie the eolh clot ol'the
piopei disiiict, who shall, upon the payment oi the price
of the propei stamp and oi the said penalty oi fifty dml.us,
and where the whole amount ot the duly denoted by the
stamp requited shall exceed the sum oi iiliy dollar*, on
pa\ inent, al-o, of inteiest at lhe rate ol six p.'i ecu!, on the
said duty,affix the propei stamp to sueh lnsti anient, and note
upon tin margin ol said instrument the date oi his so doing
ami the fact that such penaltj has been paid, and such nisitu-
mentshail thereupon he deemed and held to be a- valid to all
intent- and purpose > n& if stumped when math' or i—tied:
Piwided. That wheie it shall appeal to the said collector,
upon oath ot otherwise, to his satisfaction, that any insti u-
ment ha.-not been duly stamped pievious to \ lie issu.ngthere-
of by rea-on of accident, mistake, madvertenei-^ ot uigent
neee-sity, and without any willful design to deliaud the
Government of the stamp duty, or to evade oi delay the pay-
ment thereof, then and in such ease, if such im uuinvnt
shall, within twelve calendar months attei the signing or
executing the same, be btought to the said collector to be
stamped, and the stamp duty chargeable theieon by law shall
be paid, it shall be lawful tor the paid coUectoi to remit the
penalty aforesaid, and to cause such instrument to be duly
stamped.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The theory upon which the law is const! acted
is that these instruments shall b-3 stamped upon
the paying of the penalty which is affixed. We
provide that it shall be invalid; that u shall not
be used as evidence in any court of justice until
the proper stamp shall be placed upon it. I will
say that we intend to move to strike out the one
hundred and fifty-fit st. section, and so to amend
the one hundred arid fifty-eighth section as to de-
clure invalid any such paper until a stamp shall
be affixed to it, and to affix a penalty for using
such paper wit hout a sU mp being placed upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to ask my colleague
