2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
ladder by which they have climbed into power,
if they are willing to decide contests of this kind
by these minor division| which they have among
themselves, I, as not being interested in tliese pri-
vate or minor contests which occur among mem-
bersof the same party, will not undertake to in-
terfere with their decision. But 1 hold it to be
due to the man whom you now propose to reject
from his seat that a statement of facts should be
made. As a member of the committee, having
neither sympathy for him nor his opponent, hav-
ing no political affiliation with either, I have not
been able to find any legal testimony (as I look
upon the law) by which the committee could
arrive at the result indicated in these resolutions.
message erom the senate.
-A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hicket, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill of the Senate
(No.. 55) in relation to the circuit court in and for
the district of Wisconsin.
missouri contested election again.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. While I do not
propose to discuss the merits of this case, for the
purpose of showing the manner in which the
reasoningfactiltiesofthegentlemen who sustained
the majority report have been perverted, 1 pro-
pose to call the attention of the House to one or
two of their positions.
The first specification in the notice given by
the contestant is that 400 illegal votes were cast
at the Abbey precinct. Now, under the act of
Congress, so far as the Abbey precinct is con-
cerned, that was the only point to which the sit-
ting member was obliged to direct his attention.
A'nd it was obligatory upon the contestant to
prove that 400 illegal votes had in fact been cast
at that precinct.
Now, the majority of the committee concede
-that-these allegations were too loose in law to
form the basis of any decision whatever; and
while they undertake to decide upon them they
do it with a protest that it shall not be taken as a
precedent. Yet while the gentlemen who make
Ihis report are thus willing to abandon the act of
Congress in thia'particular case for the purpose
of arriving at a result in favor of the contestant,
which the pleadings of the parties do not warrant,
they still as against the sitting member press to
the very letter a compliance with the act, and re-
ject testimony presenting facts important in the
case because not taken within the limited, ninety
days, in other words, for the purpose of estab-
lishing the claim against the sitting member, the
committee weie unwilling to reject allegations and
proof not coming within the limitations of the act,
but the very moment the attempt was made to
explain the proof—if you can call that proof which
the contestant presented—by positive testimony,
these gentlemen then hold up thisactof Congress
which they had previously been willing to disre-
gard for the purpose of excluding the testimony.
Now, sir, I believe that we should abide by the
act of Congress entirely or reject it entirely.
Mr. UPSON. Did we not, by a vote of the
House, order the committee to reject it?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The House or-
dered the committee to proceed according to the
act of Congress. 1 do not understand by what
principle you enforce the rule as to one single
item of testimony and reject it m regard to all
other testimony. If you reject it you ought to
have rejected it from the foundation of this pro-
ceeding.
Mr. UPSON. What other testimony was taken
within the time?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Some objections
grow out of the time, ami some objections grow
out of the testimony itself. Time may be waived
by the parties, but no consent can make much of
the testimony of the contestant available as the
foundation of a sound adjudication. In its own
nature, as being mere suspicion or supposition,
it is unfit to induce a conclusion in a legal mind.
Let us apply the law to this case, or let us re-
ject it and base our action on abstract justice, in
either case the resolutions submitted by the ma-
jority of the committee would be. wrong.
One word farther. While the committee have
rejected, under die allegation ofthenotice, thisen-
tire and complete precinct, (the Abbey precinct,)
I deny that there is proof iffhich under any alle-
gation would'justify this action. The honorable
chairman of the Committee of Elections has said
that as a general rule the man who alleges shall
provehis allegation; but while he concedes that to
be the general rule he finds an exception in this
case, and insists that the sitting member must un-
der the circumstances show that the voters named
were legal voters. He states that before this elec-
tion no such vote had been thrown in that pre-
cinct.
I insist that by the universal rule of law the
burden of proof rests upon the man who alleges
fraud, although it is here changed so that proof
of innocence is shifted from the accuser to the
shoulders of the innocent party. And as an an-
swer to the deductions of the committee from the
increased vote, I would call attention to the laws
of Missouri under which'a citizen is not forced
to vote^n the district in which he lives, but he
mayvote in any other district. It was shown
that by reason of the civil war which has pre-
vailed in Missouri and in the whole country,
bodies of soldiers were stationed at different bar-
racks, and that at Carondelet there was a large
collection of workmen; that soldiers at these bar-
racks and the workmen voted within this precinct.,
It was the most convenient poll at which they
could vote. This was a sufficient explanation of
the increased vote, and as the right to challenge
existed, and each party must swear in his vote,
the presumption is that each person voting was
legally authorized so to do. The names of voters
were preserved, so that the contestant could easily
impeach the legality of the votes if, in fact, it was
illegal. I therefore contend that the vote is to be
considered fair and just until the reverse is shown.
You cannot throw the burden of proof on the
sitting member to show the votes cast at this pre-
cinct not to be illegal. Some attempt was made
to show that certain soldiers were not entitled to
vote. For that purpose copies of copies of mus-
ter-rolls were introduced. I must confess my
surprise that good lawyers, such as I know the
majority of this committee to be, should be will-
ing to take these rolls as proofs of the allegations
of the contestant. They were made for a differ-
ent purpose. Suppose the chairman and myself
should enter into a contract, and in it recite mat-
ters prejudicial to the righ® of third parties, could
it be used as proof against them? As between
the parties to the contract the recitals would be
binding, but I apprehend that no court would al-
low them to affect strangers.
But even if you admit theproof to be competent
in its nature, how arc these contracts proven?
Did they go to the proper office and get certified
copies? No, sir. They allow the clerk of the
contestant to take such copies as he pleased and
swear that he took correct copies, not from the
office in which by law they are lodged, but from
some place in which it is alleged that copies are
kept.
1 have not made these remarks with a viow of
entering into a discussion of the merits of the
case, for as I stated on rising that would be doing
injustice equally to the sitting member and to
myself, but for the purpose of showing that the
minority in their report have proceeded upon safe
legal grounds, and that some strange prejudice
must have influenced the minds of the majority to
do,not what they thought to be wrong—I know
neither of those gentlemen would do that—but to
come to a conclusion alike unwarranted by the
testimony and by the law under which they acted.
Some little prejudice has been excited by the
present position of the sitting member, fn re-
gard to that I have to say there was no difference
of opinion, so far as 1 could ascertain, among the
members of the committee as to his present right.
The very fact that he acts as a major general in
the service of the United States excludes him
from a seat here. He cannot act in a double ca-
pacity. The position of officer or soldier m the
servtcc of the United States, and the absolute
obedience which such position requires, arc in-
consistent with the duties of a member of Con-
gress, who is to judge and act independently, and
freed from every improper influence. The reso-
lutions involve only the validity of the original
election. But the committee, instead of follow-
ing the precedents set in other cases, that is, va-
cating the seat and referring the matter back to
the people, have attempted to deprive the people
of St. Louis of the right of electing their own
•member, and by the action of the Hotfse to sub-
stitute a member who never received a majority
of the votes of that district.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand my colleague
to state that the committee were agreed that the
sitting member was not entitled to a seat at this
time from the fact that he holds an office in the
Army. If that be so, was it not originally so
wh^n he came here as a member? He then held
an office under the Government of the United
States, and the same office which he now holds.
He had merely deposited his resignation in the
l^ands of the President conditionally. Did not
that prohibit his holding the office of member of
Congress when he came here as much as it does
now when he has gone back into the Army?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will answer
the gentleman. I stated what I understood to be
the opinion of the members of the committee.
So far as the question which my colleague sug-
gests is concerned, if it was an original question
to be decided by myself, I should decide that he
must either abandon his military office from the
moment his term here commences, or he ceases
to be a member of Congress. But there are adju-
dications by Congress the other way, which 1
should be forced to respect; and beyond that, that
question was not presented to the committee. ^
was not presented by the gapers which the parties
themselves made, and it was upon the issue only
which the papers presented that the committee
were instructed to decide.
It will be seen that my objections to the reso-
lutions of the majority of the committee do not
grow out of their effect upon Mr. Blair, because
1 hold that he has in legal effect vacated his seat,
but out of the grave*wrong done to the public.
Hard as it is for an individual to suffer under
an unjust decision in a case where the injustice
is palpable to every eye, his sufferings are of little
consequence as compared with the scandal done
to public justice. Such a case settles into a pre-
cedent and gradually weakens that innate sense
of right which, natural to all minds, more g«ards
judicial proceedings than can penal laws.
Mr. GANSON. I do not desire to discuss this
question, but simply to explain the matter in-
volved in the interrogatory put by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.] The com-
mittee had no evidence before them that the sit-
ting member was ever a commissioned officer in
the service of the United States. The question
was notbefore them. The issue presented to them
by the record was whether at the election which
took place in Missouri, the sitting member re-
ceived a majority of the votes, or whether the con-
testant did. The question as to whether the sit-
ting member was m the military service of the
United States, a corrfYnissioned officer, is not in-
volved in the issu£; and the committee have no
legal evidence that he ever was; and as that ques-
tion was not submitted to them, they have made
no report upon the subject. Nor has this House
acted upon that question at all. It is entirely for-
eign to the purposes of this discussion, and the
decision which is to follow upon it. And being
forewarned by some gentlemen who refused to
postpone the consideration of this case to a future
day, that one side of this House had already made
up its mind, before any discussion was had, that
the sitting member was not entitled to a seat, I
have too much respect for myself to engage in any
discussion before any body which has come to any
such conclusion before the case has been heard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make another
inquiry of the gentleman. I understood the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. GansonJ that there
was another question involved in the fact of the
sitting member having resigned his office as major
general conditionally when he came hers. Now,
the question of his right to the seat because of
having gone back to the Army was not before
the committee atall,and it is not before the House
now. That question was not decided by the com-
mittee, and is not presented to the House.
Mr. GANSON, I would say in reply to the
gentleman that that question was not agitated
before the committee when the case was under
consideration, nor when it was disposed of. The
question related solely to the original election,
and the question was not involved as to whether
the sitting member was in the millitary service
of the United States, either as a commissioned
