256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2,
38m Cong. ... 1st Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
or before any person having by law, or by con-
sent of parties, authority to hear, receive, and
examine evidence within said-District, the parlies
thereto., ond the persons in whose behalf any such
action ur other proceeding may be brought or
defended, and any and ail persons interested in
the same, shall, except as hereinafter excepted,
be competent and compellable to give evidence,
either viva voce or by deposition, according to
the practice of .the court, on behalf of either or
any of the parties to the said action or other pro-
ceeding: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall render any person who is charged with any
otfense in any criminal proceeding competent or
compellable to give evidence for or against him-
self or-herself, or shajl render any person com-
pellable to answer any question tending to crim-
inate himself or herself, or shall in any criminal
proceeding render any "husband competent or
compellable to give evidence for or against his
wife, or any wife competent or compellable to
give evidence for or against her husband, or in
any proceeding instituted in consequence of adul-
tery; nor shall any husband be compellable to
disclose any communication made to him by his
wife duiing the mairiage, n#r shall any wife be
compellable to disclose any communication made
to her by hev husband during the marriage.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXIH.—An Act authorizing the Erec-
tion of Buildings for the Branch Mint at San
Francisco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of three hundred thou-
sand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
the purchase of a site, if necessary, and the erec-
tion of a suitable building or buildings for the use
of the branch mint at Sun Francisco, in the State
of Califon iia.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Ciiap. CCXXIV.—An Act prescribing the Terms
on which Exemplifications shall be furnished
by the General Land Office.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That, from and after the fust day of
July next, all exemplifications of patents, or
papers on file, or of record in the General Land
Office, which may be required hy parties inter-
ested, shall be furnished by the Commissioner of
paid office upon the payment by such parties at
the rate of fifteen cents per hundred words, and
two dollars for copies of township plates or dia-
grams, with an additional sum of one dollar for
the Commissioner's certificate of verification with
the General Land Office seal; and one of the em-
ployes of said office shall be designated by the
said Commissioner as the receiving clerk, and the
amounts so received shall, under the direction of
the said Commissioner, be paid into the Treasury
of the United States; effect to be given to this act
according to such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Interior not in-
consistent with the laws of the United States:
Provided, That the fees stipulated in the foregoing
provisions shall not apply to such authenticated
copies as may be requited by the officers of any
branch of the Government, noi to such unvenfied
copies as the Commissioner m his discretion nn.y
deem proper to furnish.
.Approved, July 2, 1864.
CiiAr. CCXXy.—-An Act in addition to the sev-
eral Acts concerning Commercial Intercourse
between Loyal and Insurrectionary Srates,and
to provide tor the collection of Captured and
Abandoned Property, and the prevention of
Frauds m States declared in insurrection.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of Ike United Slates of America in Congress
assembled^ That sales of captured and abandoned
property under the act approved Match twelve,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, may be made
at such places, in States deciaied in insurrection,
us may he designated by the JSt-cietary of-the
Treasury, as well as at other places now author-
ized by said act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in ad-
dition to the captured and abandoned property to
be received, collected, and disposed of, as pro-
vided in said act, the said agents shall take charge
of and lease, for periods not exceeding twelve
months, the abandoned lands, houses, and tene-
ments within the districts therein named, and
shall also provide, in such leases or otherwise, for
the employment and general welfare of all per-
sons within the lines of national military occupa-
tion within said msunectionary States formerly
held as slaves, who are or shall become free.
Property, real or personal, shall be regarded as
abandoned when the lawful owner thereof shall
be voluntarily absent therefrom, and engaged,
either in arms or otherwise, in aiding or encour-
aging the rebellion.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all
moneys arising from the leasing of abandoned
lands, houses, and tenements, or from sales of
captured and abandoned property collected and
sold in pursuance of said act, or of this act, or
from fees collected under the rules and legulations
made by the Secretary of the Treasury, and ap-
proved by the President, dated lespectively the
twenty-eighth day of August, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, tho thirty-fust day of March, and
the eleventh day of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, or under any amendments or
modifications thereof, which have been or shall
be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
approved by the President, for conducting the
commercial intercourse which has been or shall
be licensed and permitted by the President, with
and in States declared in insurrection, shall, after
satisfying therefrom all proper and necessary ex-
penses, to be approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, be paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States; and all accounts of moneys received
or expended in connection theiewnh shall be
audited by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury. That the first section of the " Act to
provide for the collection of abandoned property
and for the prevention of fiaud in insurrectionary
districts in the United States," approved March
twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, is here-
by extended so as to include the descriptions of
property mentioned in an act entitled "An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports,and for other purposes," approved July
thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-oi^?, and an
act entitled " An act to suppress insurrection, to
punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confis-
cate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," approved July seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, respectively; and that the
sales provided form said act fiist mentioned may
be made at such places as may be designated by
the Secretary of the Treasury. And section six
of said first-mentioned act is hereby amended so
as to include every description of property men-
tioned in the acts of July thirteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, and July seventeen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two aforesaid; and that all
property, real or personal, described in the acts
to which this is in addition, shall be regarded as
abandoned when the lawful owner thereof shall
be voluntarily absent therefrom, and engaged,
either in arms or otherwise, in aiding or encour-
aging the rebellion.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
hibitions and provisions of the act approved July
thirteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and of
the acts amendatory or supplementary theieto,
shall apply to all commercial intercourse by and j
between persons residing or bemgwithin districts }
within the present or future lines of national mili- j
tary occupation in the States or parts of States I
declared m insurrection, whether with each other 1
or with persons residing or being within districts i
declared in insurrection and not within those
lines; and that all persons within the United
States, not native or naturalized citizens thereof,
shall be subject to the same prohibitions, m all
commercial intercourse with inhabitants of States
or parts of States declared in insurrection, as citi-
zens of loyal States are subject to under tiic said
act or acts.
Sec. 5. Av.d be it farther enacted, That when-
ever any part of a loyul State shall be under the
control of insuigehts, or shall be in dangerous :
proximity to places under their control,all com-
mercial intercourse therein and therewith shall be
subject to the same prohibitions and conditions
as are created by the said acts, as to such inter-
course between loyal and insurrectionary States,
for such time and to such extent as shall from
time to time become necessary to pi otect the pub-
lic interests, and be directed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, with the approval of the President.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That so much
of the fifth section oftheactapproved May twenty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and the fourth
section of the act approved March twelve, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, as directs the man-
ner of distributing fines, penalties, and forfeitures,
is hereby repealed, and that, in lieu of the dis-
tribution thereby directed to be made to inform-
ers, collectors, and other officers of the customs,
the court decreeing condemnation may award
such compensation to customs-officers, informers,
or other persons, for any service connected there-
with, as wilt tend to promote vigilance in protect-
ing the public interests, and as shall be just and
equitable, in no case, however, to exceed the
aggregate amount heretofore directed by the said
filth section.
Sec . 7. And he it further enacted, That no prop-
erty seized or taken upon any of the inland waters
of the United Stales by the naval forces thereof,
shall be regarded as maritime prize; but all prop-
erty so seized or taken shall be promptly delivered
to the proper officers of the courts, or as provided
in this act and in the said act approved March
twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Sec. 8. find be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, with
the approval of the President, to authorize agents
to purchase for the United States any pioducts
of States declared in insurrection, at such places
therein as shall be designated by him, at such
prices as shall be agreed on with the seller, not
exceeding the market value thereof at the place
of delivery, nor exceeding three lourths^of the
market value thereof in the city of New York at
the latest quotations known to the agent purchas-
ing: Provided,That uo part oi the purchase-money
tor any products so purchased shall be paid, or
agreed to be paid, out of any other fund than
that arising from propelty sold as captured or
abandoned, or purchased and sold under the pro-
visions of this act. All propel ty so purchased
shall be fm warded for sale at such place or places
as shall be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the moneys arising therefrom, alter
payment of the purchase-money and the other ex-
penses connected therewith, shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States; and the accounts of
all moneys so received and paid shall be rendered
to, and audited by,the proper accounting officers
of the Tieasury.
Sec. 9. And be itfurther enacted, That so much
of section five of the act of thirteenth of J.uly,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, aforesaid, as
authorizes the President, in his discretion, to
license or permit commercial relations in any
State or section the inhabitants of which aie de-
clared in a state ofinsurrection, is hereby repealed,
except so far as may be necessary to authorize
supplying the necessities of loyal persons resid-
ing in insurrectionary States, within the lines of
actual occupation by the military forces of the
United States, as indicated by published order
of the commanding general of the department or
district so occupied; and, also, except so  far as
may be necessaiy to authorize persons residing
within such lines to bring or send to maiket in
the loyal States any products which they shall
have produced with their own labor or the labor
of freedmen, or others employed and paid by
them, pursuant to rules relating thereto, which
may beestablished underproperauthority. And
no goods, wares, or merchandise shall be taken
into a State declared in insuirection, or trans-
ported therein, except to and from such places
and to such monthly amounts as shall have been
previously agreed upon in writing by the com-
mandmg general of the department in which such
places are situated and an officer designated by
the Secretary of the Treasury for that purpose.
Sec. 10. And be itfurther enacted, That all offi-
cers and privates of the regular and volunteer
forces of the United States, and all officers, sail-
ors, and marines in the naval service, are hereby
