THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
fir to be ch&rgeable only with the duty denoted by the stamp
«o affixed, and shall be received In evidence in all courts
of law or equity, notwithstanding any objections made to
the same by reason of its being unstamped, or of its being in-
sufficiently stamped.
The amendment was agreed to.
■ Mr. BOUTWELL. I move,to amend in line
four by inserting after the word «* instrument"
the words " not previously issued or used," so
that the clause will read:
And if the said Commissioner shall be of opinion that
fcach instrument, not previously issued or used, is charge-
able with any stamp duty, he shall, upon the payment there-
of, arffix and cancel the proper stamp.
Section one hundred and sixty-three having
bften read, as follows—
- And be it further enad&t, 11)at no deed, instrument,
document, writing, or paper required by law to be stamped,
Rigned or issued without being duly stamped, or with a de-
ficient stamp, nor any copy thereof, shall be admitted or
use<f as evidence in any court until a legal stamp or stamps,
denoting the amount of duty or deficiency charged thereon,
shall have been affixed thereto or used thereon, and the in-
itials of the person using or affixing the same, together
With the date when the same is so used or affixed, shall
have been placed thereon by such person; and the poison
desinngto use any such deed, instrument, document, writ-
ing, or paper as evidence, his agent or attorney, is author-
ized "in the presence of the court to affix tiic stamp or
stamps thereon required, and in addition thereto ; and m
cases where such deed, instrument, document, writing, or
paper is so signed and issued and not used as evidence in
any court, a penalty of twenty dollars shall be due and
payable; and when the duly or deficiency remaining un-
paid shall amount to the sum of twenty dollars, interest
thereon, at the rate of six percent, per annum, shall be
paid as an additional penalty : Provided, That no histiu-
ment, document, ot paper made, signed, or issued prior to
the passage of this act without being duly stamped, or hav-
ing thereon an adhesive stamp to denote the duty imposed
-thereon, shall, for that cause, if the ftamp or stamps re-
quired shall be subsequently affixed, be deemed invalid and
of no effect 
Mr. PENDLETON moved to amend in line
three, liy inserting after the word " stamped " the
woids " which has been.*'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to strike out of
lines six und seven the words " or deficiency
charged thereon."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out of
line seven the words " or used thereon.if
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend by
striking out the following; words:
And in addition thereto; and in eases where such deed,
ln«trum« t, document, wilting, or paper is so signed and
issued and not used a- evidence in any court, a penalty ol
twenty dollars shall be due and payable; and when the
duty or deficiency remaining unpaid f-hali amount to the
sum of twenty dollars, inteie r thereon, at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, bltaN be paid as an additional penalty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out of
line eight the words 44 initials of the person using
or affixing the same, together with the."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend in lines
twenty-one and twenty-two, by striking out the
words " prior to the passage of this act,"
Mr.'BOUTWELL. I do not know but this
amendment may be in fine with the purpose of
thecommittee as ex pressed in previous votes; but
1 wish to say that I think, we have very poor se-
curity for the use of stamps when we rely entirely
upon penalties which may be recovered against
persons who choose to use them. The security
of the country m the use of stamps is to make
the papers invalid where stamps are not used,
and gentlemen have fcome to understand that and
to act upon it. Very little hardship will arise
from making Che papers invalid, and whenever
then; is a case of hardship it is competent for
Congiess to relieve it. Security is to be found
only in that course.
Mr. GrANSON. 1 would rather rely on the
patriotism of the people.
Me. BOUTWELL. Weil, I do not know
about that.
Mr. GrANSON. I am surprised to hear the
gentlerrian front Massachusetts question the pa-
triotism of the people. This is merely a system
of taxation for the support of the Government.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 understand that patriot-
ism will do some things, but to tax and to please
is not given to man. Whoever taxes the people
must provide some way of enforcing the tax.
- The amendment was agreed to.
The hour of half past four o'clock, p.m., hav-
ing now arrived, the committee rose, and the
House took a recess until seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
TheHouse reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a copy ot a note of the 19th instant
from Lord Lyons to the Secretary of State, on the subject
of two British naval officers who recently received medi-
cal treatment at the naval hospital at Norfolk. The ex-
pediency of authorizing Surgeon Solomon Sharp to accept
the piece of plate to which the note refers, asan acknowl-
edgment of his services, is submitted to your consideiation.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, April 23,1864.
The message and accompanying paper were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
CHARITABLE FAIRS.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to release certain goods from the
payment of duties; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution exempts from duty goods
donated to fairs for the benefit of the Sanitary
Commission or for the Christian Commission, or
for the benefit of the Irish national fair re«pntly
held in Chicago, and authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury, at his discretion, to release such
fairs from the payment of auction and lottery
licenses.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making a grant of lands to the Territories of Da-
kota and Idaho, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said Ter-
ritories to connect with*the railroad system of
Minnesota; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
LOUIS ROBERTS.
w On motion of Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 234, for the re-
lief of Louis Roberts, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD, ETC.
The SPEAKER proceeded,.as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports,
resuming the call with the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I hold in my hand certain pe-
titions praying the sale of mineral lands, and
asking that aid be granted for the construction of
the Northern Pacific railroad. I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to report that
the subject of our mineral lauds has been under
consideration, and a hill will be reported soon on
that subject. We ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions in regard to
the Pacific railroad, and that they be referred to the
select committee on that subject.
It was so ordered.
MAIL ROUTE IN WISCONSIN.
On motion of Mr. JULIAN, the Committee on
Public Lands was discharged from the further
consideration of a memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin in relation to mail routes, and the same
was referred to the Qpmmitfee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
DISPOSITION OF A LAND GRANT.
On motion of Mr. JULIAN, tht; Cumm ittee on
Public Lands was discharged from the further con-
sideration of a bill to allow the State of Indiana
to apply certain lands granted by Congress for
agricultural colleges to the education of the orphan
children of soldiers, &c., and the same was laid
upon the table.
Mr. JULIAN. Indiana has not asked for any
such diversion of the hind grant referred to, and
this House has already decided against it.
PUBLIC LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill authorizing the issue of
patents for locations made under certificates
granted under the authority of the act of Con-
gress, approved March 17, 1863, allowing floats
in satisfaction of lands sold by the United States
within the limits of the LosOmegas and LaNuna
grants in Louisiana; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. UPSON. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana how extensive these
grunts are?
Mr. JULIAN. The grants, as I understand,
are small in extent. The bill simply provides for
the issuing of patents in conformity to the floats
already issued under act of Congress of March
17, 1862. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office recommends the passage of this bill,
inasmuch as a patent is the oidinary and appro-
priate method of vesting titles by the United
States.
Mr. UPSON. Is the gentleman unable to slate
what quantity of lands this bill covers?
Mr. JULIAN. I am unable to state precisely,
but the act of Congress referred to declares that
the grossamount shall not exceed seventeen thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-seven acres. The
bill provides that the Commissioner of ihe Gen-
eral Land Office may issue the patents when he is
perfectly satisfied that the locations made are 60910
fide. It is left to ins judgment in each paiticuiar
case.
The bill was oideted to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid time.
Thequesuon being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. DA WES. Mr. Speaker, 1 am in some un-
certainty about this bill. These land grants in the
State of Louisiana have proved to be the gios&est
frauds ever perpetrated on thecountiy. 1 do not
undeistand exactly the connection between those
land grants and this bill. I do not know but that it
may beall right; but the very name of these grants
is suspicious.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill has been very carefully
considered? It was framed by the Commissioner
of tile General Laud Office, it only provides
for the issuing of patents where floats have been
already located under the act of Congress. The
title under the floats is an imperfect and irregular
title. The object of this bill is simply to peifect
the title in the ordinary way by patent.
Mr. DAWES. What is the extent of these
lands?
Mr. JULIAN. The lands consist of a certain
territory teferred to in the act of Congress already
mentioned, situate in the State of Louisiana, in
respect to which the Government of the United
States has already parted with its interest, it is
simply proposed to issue patents where floats or
certificates have already been issued in pursu-
ance of law.
Mr. DAWES. Down in Louisiana?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, cannot this mat-
ter wait a little while just us well? These lands
cannot be improved now. I think this thing
should be understood a little more fully.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. As I understand the read-
ing of the bill, it covers locations hereafter to be
made as well as those already made, i do not
know whether that is the intention of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; but I think it should be
restricted to the locations heretofore made.
Mr. JULIAN. The whole matter is subject to
the judgment of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office under the act of Congress of March
17, 1862. If the locations are bona fide, whether
already made or heieafter to be made, the Land
Office may issue patents if deemed right.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest that the bill be
amended so as to restrict us operation to L;u«3
heretofoie located.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill has been framed ex-
actly in accordance with the views of the Land
