1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the spcciai order of the day, being the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we can vote on this
now.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the vote will be taken.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear the
amendment before the Senate read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 2. And. be it further enacted, That in the courts of the
United States there shall be no exclusion of any witness on
account of color.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if the special orderis
not now before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so stated,
but it was passed over informally, the Chair hear-
ing no objection, the vote being requested by sev-
eral Senators.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to discuss the question now presented
to the Senate, except to say very briefly, in the first
place, that it does not pioperly belong to the bill
to which it is proposed as an amendment. I un-
derstand it is proposed as an amendment to Sen-
ate bill No. 62, which is " a bill to remove all dis-
qualification of color in carrying the mails." I
cannot see the propriety of attaching to a bill reg-
ulating the mail service of the country a proposi-
tion to regulate the question of the competency
of witnesses in courts. The one question is prop-
erly considered by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads; the other, before it is considered
by the Senate, ought to go to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and let that committee present the
reasons for or against the measure. It seems to
me that this consideration would be enough to in-
duce the Senate to reject the proposition as an
amendment to the bill now before the Senate.
But, sir, as an original proposition upon its own
merits, I desire to say that I cannot support it. I
think such a measure would not be agreeable to the
State that I represent. They have decided for
that State that they will not allow Indians or ne-
groes to tebvify in the courts, except in cases in
litigation between Indians and negroes. I do not
say that the legislation of the State should be con-
clusive in the courts of the United States; but, sir,
the circuit court of the United States in Indiana
has adopted the State law on the subject of the
competency of witnesses, and the mode and man -
ner of bringing testimony before the court; and
the effect of this proposition would be to change
the law of the State of Indiana very materially.
I cannot see why the Senator who proposes this j
measure stops where he does. If it is right to
bring the negro into the court that he shall test-
ify m a case between white men, that he shall
be competent to impeach the testimony of a white
witness, I cannot see why the Senator should
stop there, and not also make him competent as
a juror in the United States court. If his intel-
ligence and integrity are such that we may trust
him as a witness, not only to overcome the testi-
mony of the white man, but also to be called as
a witness to impeach the credibility of a white
man in a court of the United States, why not place :
him in the jury-box, and let him decide what shall ]
be the verdictin the case between two white men ? I
I cannot see how gentlemen can discriminate. It j
is a question of integrity and intelligence, they
say. and that the integrity and intelligence of the
ner?ro may be trusted in opposition to the testi-
mony of the white man. Then why shall he not
take his seat among the peers of the white man,
and decide as a juror the rights of the litigating !
parties> \
I understand the position to be taken in the j
Senate of the United States—ithasbeen illustrated '
by the debate all day yesterday—that the negro is ]
now the peer of the white man; that he ahall take [
his seat in the same cars; that there shall not be
any police arrangement or regulation to exclude
him from the cars of the white man, although
there is a sufficient accommodation provided for
him separately, but that he shall be forced into
social equality with the white man. Now we go
one step further: that he shall be heard in court i
as a witness against the white man, upon whose |
testimony the white man's rights shall be taken j
fiom him when htiffuted with another white man, I
upon whose testimony the white man fdmlj be ■
convicted of the crime that is charged against
him, and shall suffer the penalties of the law; and
further, that he shall be heard to impeach the
credibility of the white man; that the negro may
be called to say that the white man is not a man
of good character, and therefore ought not to be
believed in court.
These all stand upon the proposition that the
negro is the equal of the white man; that he is his
peer. If that be so, let us have it frankly said
here and said by law. If it is the opinion of the
majority of this body that the negro shall not only
be a witness but that he shall beajuror to decide
the case, let them say so. If negroes are to con-
trol the result of verdicts by their testimony, why
shall they not control the result of verdicts by
their judgment as jurors ? Let us have it fairly
and squarely before the country, that we may
know how far we are going in this direction.
Sir, I cannot consent to give a vote on this sub-
ject without saying this much. I think it is an
unfortunate step. You may say here that the
negro is the equal of the white man; but you can-
not make him such. You may say that he shall
be trusted as the white man is trusted; but you
cannot give him the qualities that inspire confi-
dence among white men toward each other. I
know in reply to this it will be said, as I have
heard it said on the stamp very often, that we
need not fear the testimony of negroes, because
the fact of their position in society will be consid-
ered by the jury in weighing their testimony; but
that does not answer the objection.
This is a proposition based upon the idea that
the negro is the equal in law, socially and po-
litically, of the white man. I say it is an un-
fortunate step. In Indiana wc hold that it is the
right of the State to define the status of the differ-
ent classes of people in the State. This amend-
ment proposes to interfere with that right, and
to place in the courts of the United States as wit-
nesses a class that the people of that State have
said should not thus appear. It may be done;
they may be forced upon society m all its rela-
tions as the equal of the white race; but that legis-
lation will not make them equals.
For one, I do not believe they a e our equals.
I do not believe they are our equals in the Army,
m the courts, or anywhere else; and for that
reason I voted against the bill proposing that they
should have the same pay in the Army as white
men. Their services are not worth so much; and
1 care not who says to the contrary, I do not be-
lieve, nor can any weight of testimony make me
believe, that the negro is the equal of the white
soldiers that go from the State of Indiana. They
should not be paid so much. They cannot com-
mand so much at home for their labor, because
they lack those qualities that secure a high rate
of compensation to the white man.
Sir, our race is honored by a history that dis-
tinguishes it. In all tho pursuits of life our race
has gone onward and upwaid. Standing alone,
it has progressed for a thousand years without a
step backward. In the arts, in the sciences, in
literature, in law, in all the departments of art and
learning, our race has gone onward and upward
for a thousand years. Standing alone, the negro
race has gone downward and downward for a
thousand years. When brought in contact with
our race, 1 admit it has made some steps upward;
but standing alone, dependent upon its own qual-
ity and its own ability to raise itself, the tendency
of the negro race has been downward. Standing
alone, depending on its own ability and high
qualities, the tendency of the white race for a
thousand years has been upward and onward.
With such facts standing before us, I am hard to
be convinced that the negro is the equal of the
white man; and I am not content to see a law
passed by the Congress of the United States pla-
cing the negro upon a platform of equality with
the white race in the courts of the country, the
sanctuary of our rights.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Indiana if in his opinion riding in a pub-
he conveyance with another either creates or be-
comes evidence of social equality between the
parties? The principal objection alleged by the
Senator, if I understand him, to this bill is that it
will inaugurate social equality, and he enforces
this conviction by alleging that Congress has
heretofore enacted laws establishing equality be-
tween the colored people and white people of this
District in not prohibiting the common use of the
street cms by both classes. I desire to know of
the Senator from Indiana if, in his opinion, that
is evidence of social equality, to be found together
on a public conveyance?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator expect
an answer now-r*
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator chooses to give
an answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not say that it is
conclusive evidence of that; but when the major-
ity of the Senate assume that they have a rigjit
to social and political and legal equality, and hold
that therefore they cannot be denied a position in
the cars with the white people, although accom-
modations are provided otherwise for them, 1 say
that does show what the majority desire.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator's reply
will not be very satisfactory to himself when he
eomes to consider it more coolly. He alleges that
Congress has established or attempted to estab-
lish social equality between colored people and
white people in this District, and states as proof
that they have the legal light to ride on a public
conveyance together, may be hauled from one end
of the city to another by a common carrier.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator has asked
me a question I suppose he will be content that I
shall interrupt him one second further. I know
the Senator would not desire to misrepresent any
argument that I attempted to make here. I did
not say, I would not be understood as saying, that
the mere fact that the negroes were allowed by
action of Congress to ride upon the cars with
white people established their equality with the
white race; but I say, as I said before, that the
fact that the majority in this body require that
they shall ride m the same cars; that they shall
receive the same pay in the Army as the white
soldiers; that they shall receive the same boun-
ties as the white soldiers, and now that they shall
be heard in the courts as witnesses, shows the
purpose of the majority to place them on terms
of social, political, and legal equality with the
white race. I did not refer to any particular ac-
tion of this body, but I referred to the general
tendency of our proceedings, giving neatly all the
time of the Senate to the consideration of the in-
terests of the negro, but very little of it to the
white man.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand theSenator,
then, he admits that his citation of proof is not
conclusive; that if a common carrier shall receive
in his wagon or rail-car or stage-coach a white
man and a black man, that fact does not prove
conclusively that they are socially equal.
How is it with the other proofs cited? Con-
gress has provided for the enlistment of both white
and black rm-n as soldiers. Both classes may le-
gally carry muskets in their country's defense,
i inquire if he seriously believes that this even
tends to establish social equality between the two
races? The laws of Congress on this subject
provide that the colored men shall serve in sepa-
rate regiments from white men; but they may
fight for their countiy like white men in distinct
organizations, is the Senator serious in alleging
that this even tends to establish the social equal-
ity of the two classes?
But lie alleges that they are to receive the same
pay for the same kind of work. It does occur to
me that, when he comes to think of this subject
more coolly, he will agree with me that that does
not affect the social standing of either. The pay'
ought to have reference to the capacity of the man
that labors. He ought to receive a just equiva-
lent for the amount ofservicehe pei forms, whether
he stands high oi low in society, socially. It is
not his social position that you contract for. You
contract for his labor. You contract for his phys-
ical strength to wielJ the sledge, or to handle the
spade, or, if in the Army, to drive teams, or to
handle commissary stores,or, if he be armed, to
handle his musket. It is his ability to perform
the service required that you contract for, and not
his social standing or his social qualities. I can-
not perceive that any of the proofs the Senator
presents even tend to establish his conclusions.
The bill now pending provides that the testimony
of colored people may be heard in the United States
courts. That is another proof in the opinion of
the Senator of the purpose of Congress to establish
social equality between white and colored people.
I appeal to the good sense of the Seuator, if he
