1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r
charaeterof manyof the allegations of both contestant and
sitting member, as wejl in the matter as in the manner of
their presentation. For vagueness, unceitainty, and gon-
eiaiuy they arc, in the opinion of the committee, without
example, and seem to have been diawn in studious disre-
gaui both of the act of Congress and of all precedent,"
Now, I will read a single allegation of the con-
testant and one of the sitting member among sev-
eial of like charactei, winch will show to what
that remark alluded to.
Mr. Knox says:
"17. I contend that, persons holding office under the Gov-
eminent of the United States established a newspaper for *
the put pot oof exei ting an undue influence on the election ;
I hat such new s>paper was owm.d,conU oiled, arid, conducted
by poisons in the pay of the United States Government;
that these officers, combining with some large contiactois,
donving iaige piofits ttom their contracts with the United
States Government, to coerce their employes nnd others to
vote for you at said election, did, by thieatening to dis-
charge irom tneir employment those who were employed
by them unless they voted for you, induce, through fear of
being deprived of employment, many men who were legal
voteis to vote for jou, when they preferred to vote for me,
and did by the «ame means induce many minors under the
age of twenty-one veais to vote for you."
Mr. Blair says:
^ 11. That the political friends and partisans of the said
Samuel Knox, u uh hi> privity, consent, and approbation,
were, and aie, guilty of each and eveiy ot the seveial acts
of coriuption, fraud, and oppiession, untruly chargcd in
his &aid notice agam^tthc friends and parh-anb ofthiscon-
testee and isspondent; that at many of the precinct^ in
said district the paitisans of said Knox created distuib-
ances in the vicinity ot the polls on the day of election, and^
by their boisterous and tiueatemng language, and by the'
use of violence, detencd and kept a great number of
peaceable and quiet citizens who weie entitled to vote at
said piectncts, and who weie desirous of casting their
votes for this respondent, away from the polls, and pie-
vented and htndeittd them from voting. The number or
names ot the persons thin prevented fiom voting not being
now known to him,*.o as to enable him to set foith the
same more pnuieulatly, but winch names and the number ,
thereof he will give evidence of, piove, and establish on
the hearing of tiny case, it it shall seem m'cessaiy foi him
so to do, and lie shall he able to piocuro the testimony of
the pejsons so deterred or hindered from voting, or other-
wise establishing such facts."
We thought it right to call attention to such
vague and uncertain allegations as- those here
quoted.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The gentleman
refers to that^auseoftheallegation which consists
in the charge that Government office-holders in-
terfered in the cluction and exercised an influence
upon the voters, and that contractors of the Gov-
ernment exercised the same sort of influence. I
would join with him in setlingaside such an elec-
tion when the country is entirely filled with office-
holders. When every tenth man draws his sus-
tenance from the taxes, which the people have to
pay, the only salvation that there is for the coun-
try is in adopting the principle that any such in-
tei ference vitiates the election.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman talks wide of
the point at issue between us. I have no disagree-
ment with him on that point. I will not, how-
ever, discuss the matter before us further, but
will demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being upon the first reso-
lution reported by the Committee of Elections,
winch is as follows:,
JtcsoZmZ,That F. P. Blair, jr., is not entitled to a scat as
a Representative in the Thmv-tii^hth Congress fiom the
firstcongiessioiidi distiict in Mi&souu.
Mr. GANSON demanded the yeas and nays.
•The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 33, not voting 68;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashlev, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, teaman. Blame, Liovv,
Boutwell. Bovd, Brandegee, Bioomall, Ambrose W. (Jlark,
Cobb, Cole, Ciavwns, iiemy Winter J)avis, Thomas T.
P,i\ is, Dawes, Jlentson, Oi\on. Donnelly, Duggs. iOckley,
jiliot, Fonton, F.iick, Gooefu Harrington, XIi2rI y. Hoinian,
Hooper. UnrchKi-s, A^ahel W. Hubbaid, John U. Hubbard,
(neersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Keliey, Fianeis W. K'*iln«g,
Orlando K^iii>ii'?, La« , Loan, Lo!i^y<';n,iMaiv'm,McClurg,
Mi indo-', s?n. u 'I L\ Millet, Mooihe.id, Dann-l Mmn*,
Vmips R. Mortis Amos M}er<, Norton, Odelt, diailes,
0*\'eUl,()rth,I>eiliam, Pike, Price. John ii. IlKM\Schenek,
^conoid, Shannon. riloan. ^paidui/?, ritarr. Stevens,'IWy,
X*r. -on Van Vaikenbm^h, Dliim 15. Wfiehbmm', William
jj' Washburn, Whab'}, Williams Wildei, Wilson, Win-
dow, and VYoodl>mtae--i{l. _
N Wtr James C Allen. William T Allen, An-
con.'i, liiau* Bliss, Biooks, James rt.' Biovvn, (Jhanier, Daw-
son. Eden, Eldrid«e, Gauson, Gn  vvold, Ileiiick, William
Johnson, Kalbflei'-ch, Knapp, Lfi Bloml. Long, Maicy, Mc-
Dowell, Noble. J.ime-i ri IJoIlin?, Ito^s, John B. Steele,
Hules Swear. Thomas, Webster, Wheeler, Joseph W.
White, and Wmfield—33.
NOT VOTING—Jles^rs. Baily, Augustas C. Baldwin,
William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Coffroth, Cox,
Creswell, Demmjr, Dumont, Edgerton, English, Faras-
woith, Fiank, Gaifield, Grider, Grmnell, Hale, Hall, Haid
liuj, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Huiburd,
Hutcinns Philip Johnson, Kasson, Keruan. King, Lazear,
Littlejohn, Mallor>,McAllister,McBrulc,MelCmney,Mid-
dleton, William II Miller, Morrill, Morrison, Leonard
Myers, Nelson, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Perry,
Poineroy, Prujn, lladfoid, Samuel J. iiandaSJ, William 11.
Randall, Alexamh r II. IUce, Robinson, Rogers,'Edward fl.
Rollins, Scott, Smith, Smithers, Stebbms, William G.
Steele, Stiouse, Stuait, Thayer, Voorhees, Wadsvvorth,
Ward. Chilton A. White, BenjaminWood,Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—68.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. J. G. ALLEN stated (during the roll-call)
that Mr. Cox had paired off with Mr. Rice, of
Massachusetts.
The question recurred upon the second resolu-
tion reported by the Committee of Elections,
which is as follows: ,
Resolved, That Samuel Knox is entitled to a seat in this
House as a Repiesentative in the Thirty-Eighth Congress
fiom the fitst district in Missouri.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the lesolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 53, not voting 59;
as follows:
YliAS—Mcscim. A]]r.y: Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nokl, Achley, Jolm D. Baldwin. Baxter, Beainan, Blame,
lilow, Butitwelf, liroomatl, Anlbiose W.
Cliiik, Cobb, Colo, ifoiiFy Winter Davie, D.tvve.-:, Dixon,
Donnelly, J>rig!«, IChot,•Penton, Guoch, Il;! l>y. Hooper,
£Io!eliiu.--.<,Af'atiei\V*. Huhhanl. Joim lI.Hulibaid, In^er.~olI,
Jenckes, Julian, Kellry, l-'raneis \V. Ivi-Hog^, Oilando Kci-
logy, Loan, Lonpyeai, Marvm, Metaling. Alelndoe, Sam-
uel F. Miller, iMoorliead, Daniel Moiri-, Amos Myers,
Norton, Chain's O'Nciri, Oitli, I'jttcrson, Pel Hani, t'lke,
Tnce, John II. llice, fieheneli, Seofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Siialding, Wtarr, Stevens, (Jp^on, Van Valkenburgh,Elilui
1!. War-hlmriie, William li. VVabhburu, VVnaley, Williams,
Wildei, Wil~on,anil Wnidom—70.
NAYs3— Ie*-i«. Jame, C. A|len, William 1 Allen. An-
eona, Jacob B. Blan, Bln-s, liiooks, Chanlei, Coli'ioth,
Ciavens, Pauvoii, l)eni.-on, Uden, Cilgeii in, Eldml^e,
Finek, Gannon, Gi^wold, dale, Uaiini^lon, lleniek, llul
man, Willian) Johnson. K.all)flei=icil, Knajip.Law. La/.eai,
Le jiloild. Long. Malloiy, iVIarey, MeDo,\!eil, J.unes K.
Morns, MoirlMm, Noble, Odell, PeiuHeton, Samuel J.'
Randall, Kol)in«oa, J.inies tf.KoIlin-, l!oss5.Tol!n li. Hleele,
Will.am G. Steele, Snles, Stuait, Sweat, Thomas, Traey,
Wad.svvoith, Wibster. Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. Wlnte, and Wmtield—53.
NOT VOTING—Messis. Baily, AnsiiMus C. Hal J win,
FianeiS1 1'. lilan, James S. liiown, William G. Broivn,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, CreMveil, Thomat, T. Davis,
IVrriinu'jDonioiit, Kekley,Eimhsh,FariisU'0iill,Frank,Oar-
lield, Under. Ciniiiell, Hall, iiardins:, Benjamin (i. Harns,
Chailes M.Harris, llnllmrd, Hutehins. I'luhp Johnson,Kas-
8,(111 Item,in, lima, Ijitlli'jolm, Mc Alh-tei, MeBndo, Mo-
Kinney, .Middletoii, William II. Millei, Moirill, Leonard
Wyeis. Kelson. JohtH)' v'ei'l, l'eriy, 1'omeioy, I'luyn.Kid-
toid, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Itice, lingers, 13d-
waid II. Rollins, Syotr. Bniitb, Snntliers, Steblnns. Sironse,
'j'haver, Voorhees, 'Waul, Uenjamni Wood, Feinnndo
Wood, Wyodbridge, and Yeaman™59.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the votes
by which the resolutions were severally adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DAKOTA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr DAWES. I now call up the contested-
election case of Todd and Jayne, from Dakota
Territory.
Mr. HALE. I think that on£ contested case
ought to be sufficient for one day.
Ml'. DAWES. I leave it entirely with the
House. 1 am desirous of getting rid of these con-
tested-election cases. The committee has seven
more of them. However, if the gentleman de-
sires to move to postpone this case, I will yield
for that pill-pose, but will vote against the motion
myself.
Mi. HALE. Then I move that this esse bo
postponed till to-monow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I a.sk to have the icsolutions
that have been repoited in this case read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
RetohcJ, That William Jay no is not eimtl"d to a <eat
in this House as a Deh crate liom the Teintory ot" Dakota
in the Tlnrl'.-Hiiiiuh Congie-s.
Resolved, 'That J. li. S Todd is entitled 10 a seat ill this
House as a Delegate liom the Teiutoiy ol Dakota in the
Tbirty-Eightli Congiess
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, by the official
canvass in this case Jayne was returned as Del-
egate by a majority of 16 out of the astonishingly
large poll of 458 votes. How many of these votes
were fraudulent, and liow raany were .tr«o;vckts8:s
of legal voters, are the questions te be-sflbmitteii;
to the House on the evidence. . IrWas not within
the jurisdiction of the Committee of Elections to
consider the question whether it is worth while,to •
maintain a territoriolgovernmentover a Territory
which cannot muster more than 458 legal and ille^ '
gat votes, all told, at the imtnensecost of someone ,
hundred thousand dollars. Itseemed to the com- *
mittee, however, that, if it had been within our r
jurisdiction, it would have been quite worth while ,
as a matter of economy to look into the question ■
whether yon should not repeal the act organizing
this Territory. The question before the Commit-
tee of Elections, however, was, how manyof the .
votes—237 reported by the canvassers to be cast
for Jayne, and 221 to be castfor Todd—were act-
ually cast by legal voters in the Territflry. Iti
order to make up the 237 for Jayne there were
counted for him the votes of Brule precinct—63
for Jayne and 8 for Todd. I will briefly state to
the House the circumstance^ under which this
vote was cast.
This election was held on Monday the 1st day
of September, 1862. At the Brule precinct, on
the Sunday night previously, and at a time not
exactly defined, but between midnight and two ,
o'clock in the morning, there was the form of an
election gone through with at a private house, •
and on a private arrangement entered into there.
The law requires that, in order to be a voter, a man
must be a citizen of the United States, or declared
ins intention to become such,and have resided in
the Territory for ninety days. There was an in-
teresting contest going on in the county as to
where the county seat should be. BrulS precinct
aml'Elk Point had a spirited contest as to which
of them would be the county seat. They were,
therefore, disposed to show as large a number of
votes as they could. Brule precinct, in order to
make the thing sure, held two elections—one the
night previous, and the other the day of the elec-
tion. The nightprevious they got hold of all the
men who had not been in the Territory ninety-
days. Men were sent out about midnight, on
Sunday night, to collect votes of those not legal
voters, among whom were Norwegians, some of
whom had been in the country only a few days
and knew nothing of the language. They oper-
ated on them in a way that they called "natural-
izing" them. Here is a copy of the certificate
give") to one of them, who had bren in the coun-
try about sixty days and could not speakaword
of English at the time:
I, Olc Thompson, do declare upon oath that it is bona
fide my intention to become a citizen of the Oniteil States,
'and to i enounce 1'orever alt allegiance to any foreign prince,-
pmvei, potentate, state, oi iovereign whatsoever, and par-
ticularly to fail XV, of whom I was last a subject.
OLE THOMPSON.
Snbseribed and swoin to before me this Q8tll day of Au-
gust, A. D. 1882. A. V. ECKLI3S, Clerk.
By John B. Glaze, Deputy.
This they called " fiaturalization." Those who
hat! conscientious scruples about voting werenat-
uializcd in this way; and with those who had no
such scruples the ceremony was not observed. In
that way they polled 41 votes before two o'clock
in themoining. They closed the ceremony by-
calling up out'of his bed the man who owned the
house. He came down and found these men
around the table. They told him that all those
who had not been long enough in the Territory
to vote should vote then, because the next day
theie would be men at the polls to challenge their
votes, and ihey could not vote. So he put ill his
vote then. His story is interesting, and I give it
ill his own words:
■■ Question I. What is j our age, place of residence, and
occupation ?
'vJnww. I .mi s>l\1v four yiiisof a 'j; I
CV" k, ('olo Dakoiri 'IVnitor. ; 1 am a larmcr.
" (Inr^lion Wlicu (iul yen lii-t arrive i.i the Teintory
of Dakota ?
'•-dmi-er. I at rived in thi^ Tcnitoi v on tlx; 2d day of
! Julv, A D. JHb/i.
I Qiuttion :J. ^fato, if you plo:w . v. h( t!>"i you have any
i knowledge o! the voting thru took plaeo at Hiule(.'reckon «
j Sunday in^hi. 31, A. 1). IKri.
'viiistt-vr. I know !>i having been done between
midnight mill daj!ig! tnl .M-pjenib'-r I. A. D. 3802. Can-
d!er- \veio butmn:* upon t:n; tabic when: the voting was
boniij done, it w.i  at my iiouso, on Biulc Creek, in Cole
county.
" Question 4. Were you present when tills balloting, of
which you speak, fiut commenced?
"Jlncwer. I was not. T was, at the commencement, up
vtmr*, in bed ; he-aid a noi«f  below f-tans, and went down
to what it Wtts about? found n. number of persons in
