1864.J
APPENDIX TO THE UONGftESBIONAL GLQBE.
m
Jjctics of tjl&gni6ed..$(q£e$.
prohibited from buying or selling, irading, or in
any way dealing in the kind or description of
property mentioned in this act,'and the act to
which this is in addition, whereby to receive or,
expect any profit, benefit, or advantage to him-
self, or any other person, directly or indirectly
connected with him; and it shall be the duty of
such officer, private, sailor, or marine, when such
property shall come into his possession or cus-
tody, or within his control, to give notice thereof
to some agent, appointed by virtue of this act,
and to turn the same over to such agent without
delay: any officer of the United States, civil, mil-
itary, or naval, or any sutler, soldier, marine, or
other person, who shall violate any provision of
this act, or who shall take, or cause to be taken,
into a State declared to be in insurrection, or to
any other point to be thence taken into such
State, or who shall transport or sell,or otherwise
dispose of therein, any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise whatsoever, except in pursuance of li-
cense and authority of the President, as provided
in said fifth section of the act of July thirteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty,one,aforesaid, and
any officer or other person aforesaid who shall
make any false statement or representation upon
which license and authority shall be granted for
such transportation, sule, or other disposition,
and any officer or other person aforesaid who
shall, under any license or'authority obtained,
willfully and knowingly transport, sell, or other-
wise dispose of, any other goods, wares, or mer-
chandise than such as are in good faith so licensed
and authorized, or shall willfully and knowingly
transport, sell, or dispose of the same, or any
portion thereof, in violation of the terms of such
license or authority, or of any rule or regulation
prescribed by the Secietary of the Treasury con-
cerning the same,' or shall be guilty of any act of
embezzlement, of willful misappropriation ofpub-
licor private money or property, of keeping false
accounts, or of willfully making any false returns,
or of any other act amounting to a felony, shall
be liable to indictment as for a misdemeanor, and
fine not exceeding five'thous'and dollars, and to
punishment in the penitentiary not exceeding
three years, before any court, civil or military,
competent to try the same. And it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, from time
to time, to institute such investigations as may
be necessary to detect and prevent frauds and
abuses in the trade and other transactions con-
templated by this act, or by the acts to which
this is supplementary. And the agents making
such investigations shall have power to compel
the attendance of witnesses, and to make exam-
inations on oath.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of
the President, shall make such rules and regula-
tions as are necessary1 to secure the proper and
economical execution of the provisions of this
act, and shall defray all expenses of such execu-
tion from the proceeds of fees imposed by said
rules and regulations, of sales of captured and
abandoned property, and of sales hereinbefore
authorized.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXV1.—An Act providing for satisfy-
ing Claims for Bounty Lands, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for satisfying claims for bounty lands for
military services in the late war with Great Brit-
ain, and for other purposes," approved July
twenty-seventh, in the year one thousand eight
hundred and forty-two, and the two acts approved
January twenty-seventh, in the yearone thousand
eight hundred and thirty-five, therein and thereby
revived, and also the two acts to the same intent
and purpose, respectively approved the twenty-
sixth day of June, in the year eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and the eighth day of February,
in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-four, be,
and the same are hereby, renewed and continued
in force and effect, without restriction or limita-
tion as to the time of location of said warrants
issued in virtue thereof.
New Series—No. It.
3&p €OKG, ...ISI BE®.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all war-
rants for bounty lands heretofor®,issued,in virtue
of any of the several here'inbe£oi:et.named,
may be located at any time subsequent to the pas-
sage of this act, in conformity with the general
lflwsin force at the time o£ such location; and that
all entries and locations her'etoforejriade with such
warrants shall be as valid and effectual as if the
several acts aforesaid had not expired at the time
of such fentry and location, any law to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That alt acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this act, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXVII.—An Act further to regu-
late and provide for the enrolling and call-
ing out the National Forces, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States'of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
may, at his discretion, at any time hereafter call
for any number of men as volunteers for the re-
spective terms of one, two, and three years for
military service; and any such volunteer", or( in
case of draft, as hereinafter provided, any substi-
tute, shall be credited to the town, township,
ward of a city, precinct, or election district, or
of a county not so subdivided, toward the quota
of which he may have volunteered or engaged
as a substitute; and every volunteer who is ac-
cepted and mustered into the service for a term
of one year, unless sooner discharged, shall re-
ceive, and be paid by the United States, a bounty
of one hundred dollars; anil if for a term of two
years, unless sooner discharged, ti bounty of two
hundred dollars; and if foraterm of three years,
unless sooner discharged, a bounty of three hun-
dred dollars; one third of which bounty shallbe
paid to the soldier at the time of his being mus-
tered into the service, one third at the expiration
of one half of his term of service, and one third
at the expiration of his term of scrvice; and in
case of his death while in service, the' residue of
his bounty unpaid shall bepaid to his widow, if
he shall have left a widow; if not, to hischildren,
or if there be none, to his mother, if she be a
widow.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in case
the quota, or any part thereof, of any town,
township, ward of a city, precinct, or election
district, or.of any couaty notso subdivided, shall
not be filled within the space of sixty days after
such call, then the President shall'immediately
Older a draft for one year .to iUl.such qyota, or
any part thereof, which may be unfille"d;*.itnd in
case of any such draft no payment of money
shall be accepted Or received by the Government
as commutation to release any enrolled or drafted
man from personal obligation to perform military
service.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the Executive of any of the States
to send recruiting agents into any of the States
declared to be in rebellion, except the States of
Arkansas, Tennessee, and Louisiana, to re.cruit
volunteeis under any call under the provisions
of this act, who shall be credited to the State, and
to the respective subdivisions thereof, which may
procure the enlistment.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That drafted
men, substitutes, and volunteers, when mus-
tered m, shall be organized, in, or assigned to,_
regiments, battelies, or other organizations of
their own States, and as far as practicable, shall,
when assigned, be permitted to select their own
regiments, batteries, or other organizations from
among those of their respective States which at the
time of assignment may not be filled to their maxi- j
mum number. I
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the j
twentieth section of the act entitled "An act to ;
amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses,' " appioved February twenty-four, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, shall be construed
to mean that the Secretary of AVar shall dis-
charge minors' under the age of eighteen years
under the circumstances and on the conditions
prescribed ingaid section; and hereafter
officer of, the Upited Stateg-,sh$!l enlist or muster
into the military, seryice. any person under the
age of sixteen years, with of without ^fie, con-
sent of his parent or guar^lia'n^'ijucl) ,pVtsop, sp
enlisted or recruited shall -be irnjnetl^ateiy ;dis-
charged upon,repayment of al l bounties received;
and ,such recruiting or mustering.'o'fficer* who shall
knowingly enlist any person under sixteen years
of age, shall be dismissed the servipe, withforfeit-
ure of all pay and allowances, ami shall be subject
to such further punishment as a court-martial may
direct. -
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That section
three of an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act for enrolling and calling out the
national, forces, and, for. oiher purpose?,."\ap-
proved Fehrua,ry, twenty-four, eighteen jjun$re4
and sixty-four, be, and the same,is hereby, anfienil-
ed, so as to authorize and direct district provost
marshals, under the direction of tlie Provost Mar-
shal General, to rnake. a draft for one hundred
per centum, in addition to thftrmmber required to
fill the quota of anyidistrict as pj-qvid^d ,b,y said
section'. '
Sec. 7. And be it further enatied, THiat instead
of traveling pay, all drafted persons reporting at
the place of rendezvous shall, be allowed trans-
portation from their places of residence; and
persons discharged at the, place of rendezvous
shall.he allowed transportation to tbeir places.of
residence.
Sec. ,8. And be it further enacted, That all per-
sons in the naval service,, of the Unite.iJ States
who have entered said service, during the pres-
ent rebellion, who have riot been creditpd to the
quota of any town, district, waid, or State, by
reason of their being in said service and not en-
rolled prior to,February twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, sholf be enr'o|lfd and
credited to the quotas of the town, ward, district,
or State, in which they respectively reside, upon
satisfactory proof of their residence made to the
Secretary of War.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, TFiat, if any
person duly diafted shall be absent from home ifi
prosecution of his usual business, the provost
marshal of the district shall cause him to be duly
notified as soon as may" be, and he shall not be
deemed a deserter, nor liable as snch, until no-
tice has Been given to him, and reasonable time
allowed for him to return and report to the pro-
vost marshal of his district; but such absence shall
not otherwise affect his liability under this act.
Sec. 10. And be.it fwther enacted, That noth-
ing contained in this' act shall be construed to
alter, or in any way affect, th'e'prdvisions of tlie
seventeenth section of an act approved February
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
entitled .".Aa act to amend an act entitled 'An act
for enrolling and calling out the national, fprces,
and for other purposes,' "approyed March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That noth-
ing contained in this act, shall.be construed to
alter or change the provisions of existing laws
relative to permitting persona liable to military
service to furnish substitutes,"
Approved, July 4,1864. ,
Chap. CCXXXVIII.—Art Act to repeal a Joint
Resolution entitled " Joint Resolution to grant
• additifinal Rooms to the Agricultural Depart-
ment," and for other purposes.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and H6use of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the joint resolution entitled "Joint
resolution to grant additional rooms to the Agri-
cultural Department," be,and the samejs hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to assign for the tempo-
rary usu.of the Commissioner of Agriculture such
room's in the Interior Department suitable for the
business of s'aid Commissioner, and necessary to
enable him to perform efficiently the business of
said office, as can be so appropriated with the
least inconvenience to the transaction of othor
public business,
