1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. DRIGGS. I do not like to refuse the gen-
tleman anything.' We have full confidcnee that
our Executive will do what is right. I hope that
the gentleman will not insist on his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to know whether
there is any provision in this hill by which these
dirt roads are to be kept in repair when they are
constructed-?
Mr. DRIGGS. There is such a provision in
the bill.
Mr, MORRILL. I ask whether Congress has
ever heretofore granted to a State lands for build-
ing dirt roads?
Mr. DRIGGS. It has.
Mr. MORRILL. I have never heard of any.
It may have been done in regard to Territories.
If we have not, I think that this is a wrong time
to begin.
Mr. DRIGGS. Let me add one or two re-
marks further. Congress has granted lands to
Michigan for two railroads, and unless they are
constructed within two years these lands will re-
vert to the United States. Then we will be left
"without any lands at all. We ask this grant of
lands to enable us to build a practical wagon road
through this new country so as to induce set-
tlement and emigration. Unless this be done it
will remain a wilderness for years, it is also
necessary to have^tsure meansof communication
between the fortifications of the Government and
for the transmission of the mails. Our mails are
carried to-day from Saginaw by Indians and dog
trains. If some " poor dog Tray " sickens and
dies, the people are deprived of their mails. I
do not want that condition of things to continue.
I think that I might base this proposition upon
military and postal grounds alone. It is also
necessary, however, for the purpose of inducing
emigration into that region. If we cannot get
railroads we must have these wagon roads. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] asked the gentleman
whether grants of land had been made by Con-
gress to States to aid in the const!uction of dirt
roads, I understood him to say that such grants
had been made to Territories and not to States.
I think that grants have been made to States and
not to Territories. Congress has usually granted
money to the Territories forthepurposeof build-
ing these roads and lands to the States. I had
occasion in drawing a bill this session to examine
the law, and I followed a bill passed during the
last Congress, granting lands to Wisconsin and
Minnesota to build a wagon road.
Mr. DRIGGS. I thank the gentleman for re-
ferring the gentleman from Vermont to a prece-
dent.
Mr. KERNAN, Whathas become of the Iand3
granted by Congress for a railroad along the
lakes ?
Mr. DRIGGS. There was no such grant by
Congress. I demand the previous question.
The previous question wai§ seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. DRIGGS demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill. The previous ques-
tion was seconded,and the main question ordered;
and undeythe operation the/eof the bill was passed.
Mr. DtllGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. DRIGGSalso, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 247,
granting lands to the State of Wisconsin to build
a military road to Lake Superior.
The bill was read in exienso.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill svas passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLOMON WADSWOUTII.
Mr. ALLISON} from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Solomon
Wad&worth; w lik'h received itsseveial readings,
and was engrossed and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DENYJ3U IN COLORADO.
Mr. ALLISON also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the
citizens of Denver, in the Territory of Colorado;
which received its several readings, and was en-
grossed and passed.
Mr. ALLrlSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANTS OP LAND TO IOWA.
Mr. ALLISON also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back with sundry amend-
ments a bill (H. R. No. 159) for a grant of lands
to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid
in the construction of a railroad m said State.
The several amendments recommended by the
committee were considered and agreed to, and
then the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. **
Mr. ALLISON also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back with amendments a
bill (H. R No. 381) to amend an act entitled An
act to make a grant of land to the State of Iowa
in alternate sections to aid in the construction of
a certain railroad m said State," approved May
15,1856.
The several amendments reported by the com-
mittee were agreed to. *
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the first
section by inserting in line eighteen after the word
" county*' the following:
()i on or neai tii<* line as recorded and located in 1856
os 1857 u lien' the <-<11111' pathos* tinnu«tx Javier comity im-
mediateiv noith of the town of Newton, in said county.
It is proposed in this bill that Des Moines and
Council Bluffs shall be made points Newton,
in Jasper county, was on the line of the road as
originally located in 1856 or 1857, upon the ac-
ceptance of the land grant by the State of Iowa.
I may say that the residents of that town, one of
the most flourishing in the State, and one of the
best business centers m one of our best counties,
fear that this road may now, to favor private in-
terests, be turned away from them. They have
with great enterprise built up a town, anticipating
that the old line would be retained. They have an
interest in this land gi ant given to the State; they
have an interest tn the State franchise to the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri lailroad; and this amend-
ment simply proposes that the company shall
locate the line and build the road as was intended
in 1856 or 1857, when this land grant was ac-
cepted by the State as donated by Congress.
Without this amendment the company may
run the road where they please; yet I have no
evidence of any U$d faith. They may go far
away from that, town, and, by a rival interest, de-
preciate property and do great injustice to these
people who have there built up a town and made
a business center, and erected one of the best
public buildings in the State, with th«* expecta-
tion that the road would be built as originally
located. If that cannot bedone they would much
prefer that there should be no change in the ori-
ginal bill,and that the old land grant, with its con-
ditions, should remain as it was. In that event,
the company would be required to build the rood
on or near the line as located in 1*350 or 1857.
There ought not to be any objection to this
amendment, which is so plainly just, and I trust
there wili not be.
Mr. PRICE. I cannotconsent thatthe amend-
ment shall be adopted without the House under-
standing the position of affaiis. The ong:nal
bill provides that the company shall build the i oad
thiougii a certain town, or as near to it as prac-
ticable, and I presume any gentlemen acquainted
with railroad building or the building of any other
kind of road aie well sausfttd that it is not a
very easy matter to build a road of any kmd upon
land which is not practicable. If it is practicable
to build a road through that town, the bill, as it
stands now reported, will compel the company to
build the road through that town. If it is not
practicable to build the road through that town,
then I ask whether the House is willing to pass
a law compelling a company to build a road
wheie not practicable? That is the simple ques-
tion. The bill provides, in express and simple
language, that the road shall be built along a cer-
tain line, or as near to it as practicable. And I
undertake to say that no gentleman who under-
stands a_nything about the consti uction of roads
will find any company to construct a road in a
place where it is impracticable to build it. I hope,
therefore, the amendment will not prevail, but that
the bill will be left where the committee left it.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish it to be understood
that I am a friend of this bill and a ftiend of the
railroad. My colleague, who has just spoken,
holds the same relation to the Mississippi and Mis-
souri railroad as myself, and 1 wish the railroad
to progress to the Pacific. He has no more friend-
ship for the road than I have, and I do not wish to
be placed in a false position. But, sir, he says
that the word " practicable" in this bill is enough,
and is all that I should ask. I say that it is as in-
definite as the word "moreover," which we al-
ways used in translating Latin when we came to
a stumbling place. Sir, I do not propose that this
word 44 practicable" shall be interpreted by the
company. It may involve litigation, and is a
word that should never be put into a bill of this
character.
Sir, a survey was made some eight years ago,
and the line was located by intelligent engineers
on a practicable route, which is nearer by one
quarter or one third of a mile than any other line
that can be located. That I assert, having a knowl-
edge of the country.
Now, what I propose is simply this: that this
town, containing two or three thousand inhabit-
ants, who have gone there and with their enter-
prise and money have located a county seat, shall
not be utterly destroyed because they have based
their expectations of future prosperity upon the
building of this railroad. 1 assert only this is
justice to all parties. I understood my friend
from the Des Moim s district to agree that this
point should be named in the bill; and it would
be unjust to pass the bill unless it guarded the
rigjits of these people, who are second to no com-
munity in patriotism and intelligence.
Mr. ALLISON. The Committee on Public
Lands have very carefully considered this bill;
they deemed it impracticable to adopt this amend-
ment and they adopted the provision now in the
bill.
Mr.GRINNELL. I wish to say a word only
in reply to my colleague.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield further.
Mr. GRINNELL. I submit that it is hardly
fair to me if I am cut off fiom further amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLISON. Well, I will yield to my col-
league to make what explanation he desires.
Mr. GRINNELL. I simply wish to remark
thut this amendment is substantially what was
agreed upon by the gentleman representing this
company, and my friend from the Keokuk dis-
trict [Mr. WiLfaOx] knows very well that it is sub-
stantially what was agieed upon, but I will not
further resist if the House chooses to follow the
committee. 1 ask a division on my amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following proviso
to the sicond section of the bill:
Piotuhd, That the'-aid company f-liall not bo entitled to
and shall not receive anj land under tins ci.nit which irf
situate vvithm lateen miles ot tin- 15mbutton and
river railroad, as indicated by the map of said road now
on file in tin; Geneial Land Ofiico.
I understand that that proviso meets the ap-
proval of my colleague who has charge of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill by
inserting thefoliowing as an additional section to
come in after section two:
S*cc be it fnithcr enartcd. That the Buihngton
and Mi>>oun Rivei Rat 11 oad Company, a corpmation otgan-
ized under the Jaws of the iState of Iowa, and to which
:>aid 8Lu<- gianted a po.tion of tne land mant mentioned
in the tale of till- act to aid in the con-linetion of a iniL
road fiom Biniington, in -.aid State, to the Mus-onii nyer,
bhail be emitted to icceivc, ami tiie Secretary of the
