258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
L'
July 4,
38th 0&ke....lsT Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
• Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Agriculture is authorized to rent
suitable rooms for the accommodation of his
office, and to make necessary improvements, and
to pay the rent of the same for one year, the sum
of three thousand five hundred dollars is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
nototherwiseappropriated: Provided, Such rooms
shall not be rented for a period longer than three
years.
AppROYED^July 4,1864. •
Post Office Department," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXIX.—An Act malting ,vi Appro,
priation to carry into effect "An Act to pievont j
Smuggling." 1
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIousc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of fifteen thousand dol-
lars be, and the sameishereby,appropriated, out
ofVny money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to carry into effect an act entitled "An Act
to prevent smuggling, and for other purposes,"
passed at the present session of Congress.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXL.—An Act to restrict the Jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and to provide for
the Payment of certain DerSands for Quarter-
masters' Stores and Subsistence Supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congiest
assembled, That the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims shall not extend to or include any ctann
against the United States growing out of the de-
struction or appropriation of, or damage to, prop-
erty by the Army or INavy, or any part of the
Army or -Navy, engaged in the suppression of
the rebellion, from the commencement to the close
thereof*
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all claims
ofloyal citizens in States not m rebellion, for
quartermasters'stores actually furnished to the
Army of the United States, and receipted for by
the proper officer receiving the same, or which
may have been taken by such officers without
giving such receipt, may be submitted to the
Quartermaster General of the United States, ac-
companied with such proofs as each claimant cun
present of the facts in his case; and it shall be
the duty of the Quartermaster Genera! to cause
such claim to be examined, and, ifconvinced that
it is just, and of the loyalty of the claimant, and
that the stores have been actually received or
taken for the use of and used by said Army, then
to report each case to the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, with a recommendation for settlement
Sec. 3. «$n.dbeiJ/m"f/ifi *f,n«<?te^>Thata[lelaims
of loyal citizens in States not in i ebellion, for sub-
sistence actually furnished to said Army, and le-
ceipted for by the proper officer receiving the
same, or which may have been taken by such
officers without giving such receipt, may be sub-
mitted to the Commissary GeneralofSubskstence,
accompanied with such proof as each claimant
may have to offer; and it shall be the duty of the
Commissary General of Subsistence to cause each
claim to be examined, and, if convinced that it
is just, and of the loyalty of the claimant, and
that-the stores have been actually received or
taken for the use of, and used by said Army, then
to report each case for payment to the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasury with a lecommendation for
settlement.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXLI.—An Act to correct a Clerical
Error in the Law of June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, relating to the Post
Office Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, Thatso much of tiie act of thirtieth June,
[first of July] eighteen bundled sixiy-tour, as
lepeals the seventeenth, eighteenth, thirty-fifth,
thirty-ninth, and forty-fiist sections of the tiu of
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
entitled "An act to amend the laws relating tothe
Chap. CCXLI I.—An Act to establish a Branch
Mint of the United States at Dalles City,in the
State of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That a branch ofthe Mintof the United
States be located and established at Dalles City,
in the State of Oregon,for the coinage of gold and
silver.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfurther enactedsTlmt, for carry-
ing on the business of the said branch, the fol-
lowing officers shall be appointed, as soon as the
public interest shall require their service, upon
the nomination of the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, namely: one
superintendent, one assayer, and one melter and
refiner, and one coiner, and the superintendent
shall employ as many clerks, subordinate work-
men and laborers, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as may be required. The
salaiies of the said officers and clerks shall be as
follow*: to the supeiintcndent, the sum of two
thousand dollars; to the assayer, the sum of eigh-
teen hundred dollars; to the melter and refiner,
eighteen hundred dollars; tothe clerks, subordi-
nate workmen, and laborers, such wages and
allowances as are customary, according to their
respective stations and occupations.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
officers and clerks to be appointed under this act,
before entering upon the execution of their offices,
shall take an oath or affirmation before some
judge of the United States or of the supremecourt
of said State, faithfully and diligently to perform
the duties of their offices, and shall each become
bound to the United States of America, with one
or more sureties, to the satisfaction of the Director
of the Mint or the district judge of the United
States for the district of Oregon and of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with the condition ofthe
faithful performance of the duties of their offices.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatthegen-
erai direction ofthe business of said bianch mint
of the United States shall be under the control and
legulation of the Director of the lVIintat Philadel-
phia, subject to the approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury; and for that purpose it shall be
the duty of the said Director to prescribe such
regulations, and to require such returns, period-
ically and occasionally, and to establish such
charges for parting, assaying, refining, and coin-
ing, as shall appear to him to be necessary for
the purpose of carrying into effect the intention
of tins act in establishing said branch, also for
the purpose of preserving uniformity of weight,
form, and finish in the coin stamped at said branch.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said
branch mint shall be a place of deposit for such
public moneys as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct. And the superintendent of said branch
mint, who shall perform the duties of treasurer
thereof, shall have the custody of the same, and
also perform the duties of assistant treasurer;
and for that purpose shall be subject to all the
provisions contained in an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury-, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public levenue," ap-
proved August six, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, which relates to the treasury of the branch
mint at New Oilcans.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the su-
perintendent of said bianch mint be authorized,
; under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and on teiriis to be preset tbed by him, to
issue in the payment of the gold dust and bullion
deposited for aasay and coinage, or bars, drafts,
or certificates of deposit, payable at the Treas-
ury, or any sub-treasury of the United States,
to,any depositor electing to receive payment m
that form.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all the
laws and parts of laws now in force for the reg-
ulation of the Mint of the United States, and for
the government of the officers and peisons em-
ployed therein, and for the punishment of all of-
fenses connected with the Mint or coinage ofthe
United States, shall be, and they are hereby, de-
clared to be in full force in relation to the branch
of the Mint by this act established, as far as the
same may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to carry
into effect the provisions of this act, and to meet
the expenses of the current year, and for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth day of June, 1865.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCXLIII.—An Act to regulate Proceed-
ings in Cases between Landloid and Tenants
in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That a tenancy at will shall not arise
or be created without an express contract or let-
ting to that effect, and that all occupation, pos-
session, or holding of any messuage orreal estate
without express contractor leas?, or by such con-
tract or lease the terms of which have expired,
shall be deemed and held to be tenancies by suf-
ferance; and all estates at ^ill and sufferance may
be determined by a notice, in writing, to quit, of
thirty days, delivered to the tenant in hand, or to
some person of proper age upon the premises, or
in the absence of such tenant or person, then
such notice may be served by affixing the same
to a conspicuous part of the premises, where it
may be conveniently read. The attornment of a
tenant U) a stranger shall be void, and shall not
affect the lights of the landlord, unless it be made
with the consent, expressor implied,of the land-
lord: Provided, That no partof this section other
than that which relates to attornment of a tenant
to a stranger shall apply to contracts made, or to
any tenancy existing prior to the passage of this
act, except in cases of waste, or refusal to pay
rent.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when
forcible entry is made, or when a peaceable entry
is made and the possession unlawfully held by
force, or when possession is held without right,
after the estatehs determined by the terms of the
lease by its own limitation, or by notice to quit,
or otherwise, on written complaint on oath of" the
person entitled to the premises, to a justice of the
peace, charging a forcible entry or detainer of real
estate as aforesaid, a summons may be issued to
a proper officer, commanding the person com-
plained of to appear and show cause why judg-
ment should not be rendered against him, which
shall be served like other writs of summons at
least seven days before his appearance. If it
appears by default or upon trial that the com-
plainant is entitled to the possession oftheprem-
ises, he shall have judgment and execution for the
possession arid costs; if the complainant becomes
nonsuit and fails to prove his right to possession,
the defendant shall have judgment and execution
for his costs.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if, upon
trial, defendant pleads title to the premises in
himself, or in another person under whom he
claims the premises, he shall recognize in a rea-
sonable sum to the complainant, to be fixed by
said justice, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
to pay all intervening damagesand costs and rea-
sonable intervening rentfor the premises; andthe
complainant shall in like manner recognize to the
defendant conditioned to enter the suit at the next
term of the supreme court of the District, and pay1
all costs adjudged against him; and thereupon the
proceedings shall be certified to said court by the
justice. If either party neglects so to recognize,
judgment shall be rendered against him as on
nonsuit or default, and execution shall issue
accordingly as aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That either
party against which judgment is rendered by a
justice of the peace, may appeal from such judg-
ment to the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia, in the same manner as appeals are taken
to the said court in other cases; but in case of an
appeal by a defendant, he shall, in addition to the
bail required in other cases, recognize in a sea-
sonable sum to the complainant, to be fixed by
said justice, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
