1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Interior shall cause to be certified and conveyed to said
company hum tune to time as the road impresses, out of
any lands now belonging to the United ritate* and subject
to entty within six miles of said u>ad a-* now located, an
amount of land per mile equal to that mentioned ill the
act to winch this aci is ait amendment, as intended to -nd
in the con-mictiou of said road; and it the amount of land
granted by the original act to aid in the conduction of
said io.id fhall not be found within the limit of six miles
from the line of said load, then such selections may be
made along &uch line within twenty miles theieof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following as an
additional suction to the bill, to come in after sec-
tion six:
Src. 7. And be it further enacted, That all the conditions
arid limitations contained in the act to which tlu> act is an
amendment, and nor hereinbefore expre^ly charged, shall
attach to and run with the grants made by*this* net except
as the Mid conditions and limitations have been modified
by the GeneiaJ Assembly of the State ot Iowa.
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the bill by
inserting as an additional section to come in befote
the last section what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was lead. It provides that no
lands shall be coitified to either of the companies
named in the bill unless it shall complete, ready
for the rolling stock, within one year fiom the
1st day of July next, a section of not less than
twenty miles ftom its present terminus, and in
each year thereafter an additional section of
twenty miles; but the numberof sections per mile
originally authorized shall be certified to each
company upon pi oof of the completion of the ad-
ditional sections of the road. The amendment
provides fuither, that urease of the failuie of
either road to complete the section to be annually
built, the portion of the Kind remaining uncertified
shall become subject t^t the control of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, to aid in the completion of said
road.
Mr. KASSON. The amendment meets the ap-
proval of the gentleman who has charge of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will my colleague allow
me to offer an amendment in the shape of a pro-
viso?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend by add-
ing the following as a proviso;
Piovidcd further, That the said town of Newton shall
paj anyextia expei^e, if theie be any incurred, in parsing
through said town ; the amount of said expense to he esti-
mated l>y one engineer appointed bv the railroad company
and by one chosen by the town of Newton.
I wish to ask my colleague if he will not assent
to that proposition — that if the railroad goes
through the town of Newton the expense shall
be divided between the company and the town.
Mr. ALLISON. -J have no objection person-
ally.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I would like to
make an inquiry of my colleague as to the num-
ber of inhabitants in the town of Newton,and the
value of its real property.
Mr. GRINNELL. The population is about
two thousand, representing several hnnd red thou-
sand dollars; and they are a very woithy people,
in every respect.
The question was taken on Mr. Grinnell's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to lecorndder on the table.
The Litter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANTS TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. ALLISON also, from the same committee,
reported back an act (S. No.31) makmgagiantof
lands to the Lake Supenorand Mississippi Rail-
road Company m the State of Minnesota to aid
in the constiueUon of Hie raiboud of said com-
pany from St. Paul to Lake Supenor.
The question being on the thud reading—
Mr. ALLISON. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer amendments to
this bill. The committee has thought better thai
the grant should bo made fo the State of Minne-
sota instead of to the railroad company; and we
propose such amendments as will cany out that
view.
The amendments were voted on collectively,
and were agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I an also directed by the
Committee on Public Lands to move an amend-
ment, as an addt'ionai section, providing for the
construction of a road from some point on the
line in the State of Minnesota, south of St. Louis
river, to some point at the head of Lake Superior.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to amend the title by
striking out the words " the Lake Superior and
Mississippi Railroad Company in,''and also the
words " of said company;" so that it would read:
"An act making a giant of land to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the construction of the rail-
road from St. Paul to Lake Superior."
The amendment whs agieed to.
Air. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to rec.onsidei on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANTS TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. SLOAN also, from the same committee,
reported back an act (S. No. 160) granting lands
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
the Suite of Wisconsin, with amendments.
The amendments were to change the grant from
the railroad companies nam* d in the act and to
transfer it to the State of Wisconsin.
The amendments were voted on collectively,
and were agreed to.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third tun#4—
Mr. MORRILL. In view of the immense ex-
tent of the national territory proposed to be given
away, I ask the gentleman from Wisconsin
whether he has any objection to having a clause
inserted providing that slavery or involuntary
servitude shall not be allowed therein. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. KERNAN. I should like to know how
much land we will have left after these billsareall
satisfied.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to
state.
The bill was read the third time.
The question being on its passage, a division
was called fur.
Mr. SLOAN. I trustthatgentiemen will be as
liberal to Wisconsin as they have been to Iowa
and Minnesota.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Nelson and Sloan were appointed.
The Mouse divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 30.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. As there mustbe very little
public land left after what we have done to-night,
i hope gentlemen will be allowed to go through
with it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my motion to adjourn,and yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mi. Julian.]
HOMESTEADS ON CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr JUE.IAN, from tl# Committee on Fublic
Lands, reported back House bill No. 276, to .se-
cure to persons m the military and naval service
of the United States homesteads on confiscated
or forfeited estates in the msuirectionary dis-
tricts; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois,(at twenty minuti'S past nineoMock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jipril 27, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of ysterday was lead and approved.
PETITIONS AND MICMORf YLS.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have the honor to present the
memorial of t lie wives, daughters, and other fa mil y
relatives dependent on the soldiers of the Army
of the United States, who say that the present
compensation received by their husbands, fathers,
and brothers, is too small, and they therefore pray
for an increase'of the pay of the soldiers, f move
that the petition be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia,
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented three petitions of
women of the United States, praying for the ab-
olition of slavery throughout tiie Uniufd States,
and for the adoption of measures for so amending
the Constitution as forever to prohibit its existence
m any portion of our common country; which
were referred to the select committee on slavery
and freedmen.
Mr. HO\VE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin in favor of the enlargement
of the Pox and Wisconsin riveis improvement,
the ship canal around the falls of Niagara, and
the improvement of the Erie canal; which woo
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered tu be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered. That Beiendt A. Fioistjfh have leave to with-
diawhis petition and oilier papeis from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 231) concerning the subsistence and
pay of the Army, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
five hundred copies of the report of the National
Academy of Sciences, h&ve instructed me to re-
poi t the same back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage, i offered this report yes-
terday, but the Senator from Vermont, [Mr,
Collamer,] whom I do not now see in his seat,
objected to it. I do not wish to ask for its present
consideration if there is any objection to it; but
I wish to say with regard to this and all other re-
ports that come from the Committee on Printing
that it is impoi tant, from considerations of pub-
lic economy, that, whatever action the Senate
take upon them, they should take it at once. It
will cost to print the first hundred copies of this
report which have been ordered by the House of
Representatives thirteen or fourteen hundred dol-
lars. The cost of the next hundred will be but
seventy oreighty dollars. If the Senate order the
printing of these additional copies of the report
now it can be done at the rates I have mentioned;
but if the printing of the report shall not be or-
dered until the type has been distributed it will
cost twelve or thirteen hundred dollars.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the present consideration of the re-
port?
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not ask for its pres-
ent consideration, as the Senator from Vermont
is not now in his seat. 1 understood that he had
some objection to make to it; but when he comes
in I shall ask the Senate to take it up.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
253) making Dakota or Sioux half-breed land scrip
assignable; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
oidered to be piinted.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
ofhihe Senate (No. 181) in reference to donation
claims iri Oiegon and Washington.
The message fui ther announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate, with amendments to each; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 131) makingagrantof lands to the
Lake Superior and Mississippi Raihoad Com-
pany, in the State of Minnesota, to aid in the con-
struction of the railroad of said company from St.
Paul to Lake Superior; and
A bill (No. 160) giautnig lands to aid iu the
construction of ceitam lailroads in the State of
Wis', onsin.
The messagefurtherannounced thattho House
of Representatives had passed the following bills;
