1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
discussion and an argument which was not ad-
dressed to me, bat it has been said by the Sena-
tor from Iowa that you employ them around this
Capitol, that you employ them in many business
relations of life, and therefore why not this? It is
true, sir, this class of people, well-behaved and
well-disposed,in a slaveholdingcommunity where
the kindly feelings which result from the relation of
master and slave prevail, have never been denied
employment where they were faithful and wished
it; ani) they can always have it. But because
you employ them in the menial occupations of
life or as workmen, and pay them to enable them
to support themselves and families, it does not fol-
low therefore that you should pursue a system of
legislation which, whatever the Senator from Iowa
may think or say, the public judgmentof the coun-
try, as warranted by yourpersistentlegisladonon
this subject, will say was designed to evidence to
the people of the whole country thatin your judg-
ment theie should be no distinction whatever.
My friend from Indiana has referred to the
fact that you employ them in your Ai my, and
the Senator from Iowa asks, is that any evidence
of equality? it makes no difference what you
secretly intend or think about it; but what is the
effect upon that class of beings, and what is the
effectupon the public judgment of the country ? U
is that the legislation was designed to bring about
that state of affairs. You cannot go into any
slaveholding State where you are enlisting ne-
groes but you will see evidences every day that
they so interpret your legislation. 1 dislike, in
the Senate of the United States, to refer to private
incidents; but only the other day in the capital of
my own State, where this class ofsoldieis were
being marched through the town and stationed in
the town, one of them walked into the store of a
respectable w hite man, and without provocation or
insult let him know that he expected in less than
three years to have a white wife. But, sir, though
it may not be very dignified to detail these little
incidents in the Senate of the United States, it is
proper to do so in older to call the attention of
Senators and of the country to the natural conse-
quence resulting from this species of legislation,
thatconsequence being a belief engendeied in the
minds of this class of people that you do mean
social equality. I am proud to say that the ne-
gro did not go off unpunished for his insolence.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Could he find a white
wife in Delaware?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am afraid he might in
Kansas, where thegcatlenmu hasfiguied so laige-
]y upon tins social equality, provided he has fol-
lowers enough to carry out his doctrines.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will say to the hon-
orable Senator, that while in Kansas we are dis-
posed to do justice to all, we arc willing, if this
class of people desire it, that they shall separate
from us, and our people are pretty unanimous in
favor of setting apart western Texas for them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That, only shows how
potential an influence the Senator from Kansas
exercises in his State. It is but recently that he
introduced that bill or called the attention of the
people of the country or the people of Kansas to
that question, and in so short a time such has
boon the powetful influence of the Senator from
Kansas in his own State that they have unani-
mously adopted his views.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consentof
the Senator from Delaware, I desire to state to
him and to the Senate that the subject of settling
the blacks in western Texas has been discussed
in the State 1 represent, by myself and otheis,for
more than a year.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have lived in the State
of Delaware Jill my life, and I have known men
much abler who lived there all their lives, such
men as Clayton, and I never knew that by the dis-
cussion of a question for one year, any of them
could «:et a unanimous verdict of the people of that
State m its favor.
But, Mr. President, I have said about all that
1 intended to say m reference to tins subject. I
take have of it, earnestly as 1 have addivs^'d the
Senate in lelation to it, with llie&amc A ilins; with
which I commenced, with no feeling of lea! pas-
sion; I have said what 1 have said only from a
sense of public duty.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. The qui ■stion of amal-
gamation la a mete question of ta^te. Then is
not a v. hue lady in Kcuisjs who icquiies the elo-
quence of a Senator or a legal enactment to con-
trol her choice as to a husband. 1 have no fcais
myself that the ladies of Kansas will prefer the
colored race. They are intelligent, refined, proud
of their blood and race, and will select husbands
therefrom. If the Senator from Delaware has
such fears for his lady constituents I do not par-
take of them so far as my lady constituents are
concerned. But let me say that this fear of amal-
gamation has very recently grown up in the party
to which the Senator belongs. I remember well,
Mr. President, when I was in the Democratic
party, that 1 voted, for the proud position you now
nold, as the nominee of that party, for a man who
was at the time living with a negro wife, and who
raised a large family of children by her; and I re-
member frequently having said during that cam-
paign to the members of the Democratic party in
my speeches, "I appeal to yon,gentlemen, to vote
for Colonel Richard M. Johnson as the Demo-
cratic nominee for Vice President, negro or no ne-
gro, amalgamation or no amalgamation." What,
sir, the Democratic party condemning it now,
when they elevated to the second position in this
Government a man who was a practical amalga-
mationist! Such inconsistency, Mr. President,
is shameful.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator took occa-
sion to interrupt me two or three times kindly,
and I took it in the kindest spirit; and he will
allow me to make a suggestion in regard to what
he has just said. That may be evidence that the
fact alluded to was notvery disagreeable to him,
but it proves nothing further.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It proves, sir, that I
was in the chains of a party, and that those chains
compelled me to do that which was very distaste-
ful to me at the time. I was then and am now
opposed to the amalgamation of the two races,
believing, as I do, that the product is inferior to
either race. It further proves that the Demo-
cratic party was at that early day in favor of
practical amalgamation, else they would not have
nominated and elected Colonel Richard M. John-
son as Vice President.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by inserting after the word
"States,"in the second line, the words "in all cases
for robbing or violating the mails of the United
States;" so as to make it read:
That in the counts of the United States, in all cases for
robbing or violaiing the iiiful^ ot the United States, theie
shall be uo exclusion ot any \vitne« on account of color.
If this amendment shall be adopted, it will leave
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads so as to meet the
evil which they say will exist in case the bill as
it was ouginally introduced shall become a law.
If their sole object is to allow black mail carriers
to be witnesses against those who violate the
mail, they will effect their object by adopting the
section as I propose to amend it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 wish to say to the Senator
fiom Kentucky that my object m voting for the
bill is not the sole object of extending the right
to testify to negroes in cases involving violations
of the post office laws of .the United States. In-
cidentally that brings the question up here, and
brought it up in the. committee of which I have
the honor to be a member, but I desire to say to
that Senator, and to the other Senators who have
spoken on that side of the Chamber, that my pur-
pose is to give a vote by which the testimony of
colored nifn shall be received in all the courts of
the United States; and 1 desire, without continu-
ing the discussion, to sav to those Senators that
the great State of New "York, the Emmie State
of the Union, has grown up and prospeied nnd<T
just such a mle as that for many a year. In the
State that I have the honor m part to represent,
the rule of excluding the testimony of colored
people, and all persons but whites, existed until
186:3. Under the iu!e and tyranny of a party
there that too often forgot not only liberality but
justice too, the testimony of coloi ed men was ex-
cluded from the courts of that State until, over
and again, robberies and murders were committed
up«>n the highways wi'h no means of bringing
the perpetrators to justice. 1 desire to be plainly
I understood that mv purpose is to receive testi-
: niony and proof from any source that is human,
j Mr. JOHNSON. I rather regret that the bill
! itself, which was iefertvd to the committee, was
I muoduecd. The object of the bid was simply to
authorize the Postmaster General to employ a col-
ored person to carry the mails, if he thought
proper, and it did that by repealing the prohibi-
tion in the original law. Practically, I suppose
that no colored person will be employed, at any
rate for years to come. I think it will be found
that the Postmaster General, even if he is governed
by political influences, will be very much more
likely, if not certain, to employ a white man to
carry the mails than a black man.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the Senator
from California to agree with me in that particu-
lar. As far, therefore, as the main object of the
bill is concerned, it-will be practically of no effect;
but the committee have introduced the amend-
ment which has given rise to the discussion, and
as I understood from the chairman it was intro-
duced because the committee thought that if the
mail was to be intrusted to a black man, as the
mail might be robbed, and there be no witness
of the fact except the mail carrier, he should be
made a competent witness. But if I am right in
supposing that there will be no black mail carrier,
bccause the Postmaster General will never em-
ploy one, or will very rarely if ever employ one,
then the whole effect of the bill will be to do away
with the incompetency of colored men as wit-
nesses.
Mr. COLLAMER. Carriers of the mails are
never employed by the Postmaster General.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, whoever does it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The contractors employ
their own carrieis.
Mr. SUMNER. IT the Senator will allow me
"one moment, I will mention a hardshipunderthe
old legislation of Congress that has actually oc-
curred in Boston. The postmaster has desired to
employ a very estimable free colored person as a
carrier of letteis in the city, but he has found that
he could not do it without exposing himself to a
severe penalty under the act of Congress which
it is now proposed to repeal.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well; there can be very few
such cases, Mr. President. If they cangeta white
man and a respectable white man, (and I suppose
respectable white men are just as easily found in
Boston as respectable colored men,) the chances
are but one in a hundred that they will employ a
respectable black man. There may be some of
these contractors who are more wedded to that
particular race than others, as there are certain
] politicians who apparently seem more anxious to
protect them than to protect others; but they are
few. Practically therefore, as I think, the bill if
it passes with the amendment suggested by the
committee, an amendment in my view perfectly
right if the bill was to be operative at all in its
first section, will be to change, practically to re-
peal all the laws of the States m relation to the
testimony of pctsons of color. The honorable
member horn California has told us that the in-
competency of the black man to testify was re-
moved in New York in 1833 or 1836,1 think it
was 1832, and that it has operated very benefi-
cially. That, I think, is highly probable, and if all
the negroes in Maryland were free, and especially
if they had been fiee as long as the negroes in
New Yoik had been free, for one I should be in
favor of making them competent witnesses.
I partake of the spirit which has goxerned the
courts, not to say the legislation of various coun-
tiies, that ail questions depending upon human
testimony should rather bo questions of credibil-
ity than questions of compctency. The jury are
fully able, speaking generally, whether a witness,
be he black or white, be he alien or citizen, be he
of one party, where party spirit runs high, or of
anothei, to decide what credit is to be attached to
his testimony; and I did therefore propose, when
I had the honor to be a member of our own Le-
gislature, upon two occasions,, once when a mem-
ber of the Senate of the State and recently when
a member of the House of Delegates of that State,
and carry through each of the branches of which
I happened to be a member, a law authorizing
the parihs to be examined. England has done
that, although (for, singular as it may seem, the
lawyers arc generally as a class against all im-
provements or alleged improvements, all modifi-
cations which change in any substantial particu-
lar the original law,) the whole bar of England,
almost withoutan exception, and the whole bench
of England we:e opposed to that change. But I
