842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
happened to be in England in 1854, and to be hon-
ored by the privilege' of being on the bench with
the judges of the Clueen's Bench several times
' when parties were being examined, and i recol-
lect that the then Chief Justice, Lord Campbell,
afterwards the Chancellor, and Mr. Justice Cole-
ridge, between whom I sat, told me that they
had been very much opposed to that change of
the law, but that they had become satisfied that
it was a most salutary change. Truth had no't
only been discovered more effectually than it had
been before, but truth had been discovered in cases
where it could not have been discovered under
the law as it originally stoodvand that it had the
effect not only of working out justice in trials
where there was controversy, but of keeping out
of court a vast variety of cases that otherwise
would have come into court. When, for exam-
ple, the defendant knew that the plaintiff would
be a witness as against him, or the plaintiff knew
that the defendant would be a witness in his own
behalf and as against the plaintiff, and either felt
that there was something wrong either in his de-
fense or in his demand, he made no defense or no
demand, and cases without number were keptout
of court.
I should therefore be perfectly willing to do
away with all these restrictions, originally more
the resultof prejudice or ofshort-sightedness than
anything else; more the result of not seeing what
a guard there was, as a general thing, against any
mischief resulting from leaving all these matters
to be passed upon by the jury, in the fact that
the jury would have the privilege of passing upon
them. But what I object to is—and I submit it
to the Senate with all sincerity—that if we make
this change at this period, make witnesses in the
States where slaveiy exists, it will be dangerous.
Perhaps the members of the Senate who come
from States where there is no political difference
of opinion may not appreciate this suggestion;
but I think it would be exceedingly perilous to
change the law at least in respect to my own
State. I have no doubt tho same consideration
appliea to other States, Kentucky and Missouri,
but I speak now of my own.
It is useless to deny that there has been in
Maryland, and to a certain extent there exists
now, a very strong sympathy with the South,
and such a sympathy as I think would induce
those who entertain it to rejoice very much if this
war upon the part of the United States to sustain
the life of the nation should fail. These people
aic known for the most part, and a great many
perhaps are suspected who do not entertain the
sympathy. They are suspected because of their
association. They an; excellent men, excellent
ladies; but they do either entertain that feeling or
they are suspected of entertaining it; and almost
every day the military au: interfering—I do not
complain of it, because I have no doubt they arc
trying to do their duty—interfering upon almost
every variety of testimony,and upon the faith of
.such testimony they aie oidering ouf of Mary-
land men and women. What 1 /ear is, that if
you do away with the prohibition which it is the
object of this amendment to do away with, that
scene will be very much increased. It is cairy-
ing now more or less of ruin into many a house-
hold. They are afiaid even now, and they may
well be afraid, perhaps, of talking except in whis-
pers in their own houses—even now when what
they do say cannot be testified to by the servants
who may be colored, as for the most part they are.
But do away with this restriction, and the con-
dition of things will be infinitely worse.
If 1 supposed that the existence of such a law
as this is could in the slightest degree increase
the chances of bringing this war to a termination
speedily, and to that termination which we all
look upon not only with hope but with certainty,
a successful termination, 1 would not raise my
voice against this legislation or any other legis-
lation that might have in my judgment that tend-
ency. 1 submit to the Senate whether it is proper,
whether it is politic, whether, if they permit me
to say' so, it is humane to pass a law which may
cause a great deal more trouble in these States
where the general feeling is that of loyalty, when
no good, looking to any actual, practical, valuable
result, is to be the consequence.
Let them be free, and that they are soon to be.
You have made them free in n great measure, and
by that I am not to bo undei stood as thinking that
because you bring them into the Army they are
free. What I have meant in relation to that sub-
ject upon former occasions is simply that after
you have called upon them to serve you m the
military service of your country, to achieve the
safetyof your nation,they have a right as against
you to be free, and that it would be dishonorable
if you did not see that that right was acknowl-
edged. But they arc -about to be fiee by our own
legislation; at least I think so, certainly hope so.
Let them be free. Let them come, then, to be as
respectable as the respectable colored gentleman
to whom the Senator from Massachusetts has re-
ferred. I am not one of those who think they
cannotbccome respectable by education; and I am
very far from thinking that they arc not just as
likely to tell the truth as other people in the same
condition of mental and moral cultivation, and
that consequently when they become educated,
morally and intellectually—the one will follow
from the other—we shall be able to have them upon
the stand, and glad to have them upon thostand,
to testify to whatever may have fallen within their
observation,to be believed or notastheymayun-
dorgo the tests to which white men are subjected,
the test of cross-examination, the test of their per-
sonal appearance, and the test of contradictory
evidence.
I ask the Senate at any rate, if they will pass
a bill changingthe law of evidence in the States
where slavery now exists and where these black
persons are, they will at least confine the amend-
ment so as to only justify him to be a witness, if
a colored man, who is free as well as colored. It
is an easy thingforyou,gentlemen; yours are all
free; and in my opinion what you are, the pros-
perity you have attained, is in a great measure
owing to the fact that there is no slavery in your
midst—an opinion which, as I said before, is not
formed now for the occasion, certainly not formed
with a view to jump from one party into another.
I again submit, in conclusion, that if it is to pass
in any form, I think Maryland would be better
pleased, the loyal men of Maryland would be bet-
ter pleased, the peace of the State would be much
more likely to be promoted by confining it to free
blacks, and leaving the slave blacks to stand un-
der our law as it has been from the beginning.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill, and that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. Before the doors are closed, I
ask the unanimous consentof the Senate to move
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
COTTON SPECULATIONS BY OFFICERS.
Mr. POWELL. Befoie the doors are closed,
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
up a resolution I offered a few days ago asking for
certain information from the Secretary of War.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the resolution be lead.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows;
Resolved. Til.IT lite See! I'titiy of War be dut'eled totiaris-
mil f> ibe Senate thy repuit and evidence t:iken by the mil-
ium- commission,a! ihe head of wluch wa> .Major Genci.d
Invm McDowell, appointed to investigate the conduct of
oflieei* of the Anny, and others engaged in the militnty
service, in cotton or other speculations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to taking up the resolution3
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; I object to taking it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the motion to take up the resolution can-
not be entertained.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to ask if the Secre-
tary has transmitted a copy of the resolution I
offered some days since, touching orders given to
the provost marshals, to the Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
inquire privately of the Secretary, but he cannot
propound a question in the Senate to the Secre-
tary of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
theiein, the doors were reopened.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiicrson, its Clcik,announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ale (No. 19) of thanks of Congress to Commodore
('adwalader Ringgold, the officers and crew of
the United States ship Sabine.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (No. 261) to provide for the voluntary
enlistment of any persons, residents of certain
States, into the regiments of other States^
A joint resolution (No. 13) tendering the thanks
of Congress to Admiral Porter; and
A joint resolution (No. 21) relative to the ac-
counts of the petty officers,seamen, and others of
the crew of the United States gunboat Cincinnati.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (Ii. R. No. 26) reviving the grade of
lieutenant general in the United States Army,
submitted the following report:
The committee of conference appointed to take into con-
sideration the dlsagieemg votes ol the two Houses on the
bill (II. It. No. 26) reviving tho giade of lieutenant gen-
eral in the United States Anny, having met, after full and
free conference do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the fust amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its dis-
agreement to the second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the Semite do recede from its third amendment, and
do agree to the hill of the Rouse of Representatives with the
following amendments, namely : 1. After the word "abil-
ity" m the eleventh line ot the first section of said bili strike
out the word "and." 2. Strike out tho word " shall" in the
thiiteenth line of said section, and insert the word "may"
in lieu thereof. 3. After the word " dnectiou" in the thir-
teenlli line of said section insert the woid*, " and during
the pleasure " 4. Strike out all of the said section after the
word k' States" in the fifteenth line thereof. And that the
House of Representatives do agree to the said amendments.
iienry wilson,
ii. s lane,
rcverdy johnson,
Managua on the pari of ike Senate,
13. 11. washlujrne,
a. McAllister,
r. e. fenton,
Managers on the'part of the Home,
The report was concurred in.
The bill as thus amended is as follows:
He it enacted, That the grade of lieutenant general be,
and the same is hereby, levived in the Army of the United
State* ; and the President is hereby authorized, whenever
he "-hall deem it expedient, to appoint, by and with the ad-
vice and consent ot the Senate, a lieutenant geneial, to.be
bi'lrcted ftom among those officers m tho military service
of tlic Tinted States, not below the grade of major general,
mo.-t distinguished for com age, skill, and ability, who, be-
ing commissioned as lieutenant general, may b« author-
ized, under tho direction and diumg the pleasure of the
l'i evident, to command the ainnes of the United States.
Sec*. ki. shid be it further enacted. That the lieutenant
•ffiieial, appointed a? hereinbefore provided, shall be en-
titled to tho pay, allowances, and staif specified in the fifth
section of the act appiovcd May 28, 17U8; and also the al-
lowances desci ibed m the sixth seel ion of the act appiovcd
August IS H, si an I ton additional lation* to certain offi-
cer: Pjocu/cJ, That notions in this bill contained shall be
con-tmrd many way to afieetthe rank, pay, oi allowances
of Winindd ricott, lieutenant geneial by bievot, now on
the letncd list of the Anny.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Ropiesentntivcs were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (No. 151) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, I860—
to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 42) authorizing pay-
ment of prize money due to Commander Abner
Read, United States Navy, to his widow, Con-
stance Read—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 4]) to continue the pay-
ment of bounties—to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (No. 43) authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of J. N. Carpenter, a
paymaster in the United States Navy—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 261) to provide for the voluntary
enlistment of any peisons, residents of certain
States, into Uie regiments of other States—to the
Committee on Miluarj' Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (No. 13) tenderingthe thanks
of Congress to Admiial Porter—to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
