2864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
"Question 6. How many white male porsonfe of twenty-
one years of age aiding at s?r. Joseph were born within
tiie Hums of the ('niicd rfu'es ?
''Jhiswei. To'thrf best of my knowledge, there are but
two theie who weie born within the limits ot the United
States.
" Qugsficm 7. llow many foreign-hoi n residents of either
of the e places were naturalized citizens, or had filed their
declarations to become naturalized citizens, at the tune of
the election on the l*t of September, ]>-60?
(iJ3nswer. I know that there is one naturalized citizen in
Pembina, for J have seen (lis papers; and there are two
residents of St. Joseph That I suppose are n.ituialized citi-
zens, trom the fact that they have held office* under the
United States Government. And further than this I have
no knowledge on the subject.
"Qne&tion. 8. Do you know any other residents of either
of said place** who sue tepmed to be natuialized citizens,
oi who have filed declarations of intention to become such ?
''*dmwcr. I know of but the two named in my previous
answer.
"Qit^iion 9. Are Pembina and St. Joseph situated in
what is known as the Indian country, or inadistuet ot
eourmv which h<t> been ceded by the Indiana to the United
Stat*'^ Government hy tre;uy?
''Jinmcer. His Indian conn try, and has never been ceded
to the United States Government.
'• Question 10. VVtil $ ou state whether the people com-
prise? the hfttlemonts at I'embuta and St. Joseph, m Da-
kota Tetniory. aie while persons, or are mainly Indians
and halt-breeds?
u.8nswer. A hirgemajoriiyofthem are Tndians and half-
breeds.
*' Question U. Were j ou pt e>-ent at an election held, or
nlleg«'d to have been held, at St. Joseph, Kittson county,
Dakota Tetruoiy, ou Monday, the 1st day of September,
181)2?
" dnswer. Yes.
Question 13. \Yi!I you <tnte the namt s ot the persons
who acted a> judges and eleiks ol election at that time and
place, ami whether they were white male persons, who
w.'U' them-.i'lv( ■? leg<il voter-,, or whether they were alums,
Indians, or half-breed- ?
^Jinswer. Well, their names were, first, James Grant,
N. LaronCa, and another num, populai ly known as Lhuibei
Timothy, who, as f heln-ve, acted adjudges. Edwaul 11 av
and J. Baptise Bottineau, I believe, were the clerks.
James Giant was of mixi'd blood, of a class who are gen-
eiully known ;uv iMlt-hn-ed*. N. J„uonts \vm.t Imlf-bieed.
Brother Tnnotliyj^ a frenchman, liom i'l since," and claims
to he a natuiahzed citizen. Edvvaid Hay is an Enyh-lnmm
by both, and was not a nuiuiah/04) citizen on the d.vy of
election. _ J. Baptis-te UoMmonu is a half-brood.
"Quc-ttion UJ. llow many peisons voted tor a Delegate to
Congies.> ai St .losepli 011 the ilay relened to r
'-.'htsuer. It i- iiiv iiii|i|i'"ion that ju^r It) vote-' wen-
east; no! eM'ecdin;'-!tf I know. '
'"■Question 14. <M tliemimbei ofppi-ojjs* who voted theie
loi U( leijate to Congiesj. on that day, how many weie while
male peivou-. tweniy-onf \ 0 <>!';ige ?
".imwer. Tliete weie not over twenty white persons
present on that day, and 1 do not believe theie weie mote
than ten 01 twelve sui h persons.
" QutUion 15. Oi the number of white male persons
twenty-one yeai- ol'airew ho weie present at St.jo.-ejiii on
that d:n, how main were euueiw ot Hie United States,
eithei native ot natnraliy,i>d ? *
"JJnsvn. Time wes r ju>l tin ee there who wete unlive-
bom citizens id the fhnteu Staten, ami there weie thioo
other j>eiMtn- who dunm-d to he naiiii.ili/.eii, vi/,: 1J. S.
Donald-on, d'aile- Momeau, and BiuMiei Timoihy.
"({ueUion 1(' . Wcje fIm i<■ :mv pie-ent who had m.tde
deel.ualioiis 01 unesiuon to l)< come eiit/.ens.^
t4 7usowl . Tiii-io vvt'je none that 1 know of.
uQuestion 17. It' mote votrs were e.^t at said election
than then* were leii.il voter:, pir.-em m the town of St.
Josrpli, pjciise e\pl,uu who ihem. and how it, w«th
dom*, .nut .ifl tin* em uniM;uiee< comieelei! ihnewith.
4v7)ivuC). Ft was- (he ^erieial uudei-.landing with a clique
ol tive pi i-ons ()n the day 01 the election ih.it tiieie should
be a certain number (it vote-* tetmned, whether they wore
o.iM or not. The exeo-s ol voles, uwi the number of' le^al
votfis pie-ent woie oaM bv illegal votei*, mo-lly hall-
bieeii.-.
kL Qwshov IS Wet e iooie voli- retained than were c.i--t
at that election , and ti * o, how man\ jjioj e, nml when and
by whom wetc the names added to tii ■ pull Iwl?
-.ins,10. Tle'ic w eie almul l.)U vote- returned. The
exce^x u!':e .uli'ed h\ Hdnaid Uaj and J. l'aptiste Uotti-
neau .it'iei the elo-m^ of the jioll on the evenui" ol the day
of election, and weie a huh* over iUU votes. °
'■Question 10. llow iiui)) vote, were icturned foi Wil-
liam Ja\ ne ?
'm'/is;, ci , It wa - about ^0 votes.
'• Quest ion 2U. i'iea-e Miate, if von know, how that num-
ber ot vole-, c.one to Ik ret m ue<f lot .Mr J.iync.
ei. Tbev weie leturned at my ieque-t, I suppose.
1 mad( th" KMpie.-t of Kdwaid Uav. one of the eletk.-. i
Knew that tin j , the eleiks, wi ie aoout incie.i-,nig the Ij-t
ot vi tc-. and that they eomempiat'd leUiinm^ iim-u all a.-
ea-l 1 os Mr.Todd, when f luld them that it w mini look het-
t« 1 n thev h turned a pmuuu oi the vote*. Ilimul' been
Ctl^l tor Mj ),h Ijf«,
"Qucytwn -2[, (n the di.-tnei of cnuutiv composed ot
the countie. ot Stc} ennc, Steven-, Chippewa, and K.,tt-
son. coimiirmi\ known u, the J'emlima dsai iei. aie theie
;i"- -etiJctic-nu except at I'mnhina and v<t. Joseph i
**./hw/c) 'j lK-ie ,tsb no pi'iinaiiem M-nlonn-uN at anv
ot.n t pi ie . nines, you <_nil L-'orr Ah<>](*ioml>iea -eh'luuem,
loiniiip theui out the lort."
but th'
ffdi, 1 ;n-.v, th<- vote in Lhdt district w liich is in
tiisfitue nimju 11 ts iicciadiug to the niajtjruv report
to 125 voti-s on 011.: ami 19 upon the other.
1 Iiuvp said alroady Mint if this testimony is taken
as valid and buheved, the minority is right, and
the sittine: membf-r is untitlfd (o the seat. 'Th«
argument in favor of rejecting this testimony is
that it was not taken w-tthin the time piescribed
by the act of Cougiess. The answer to that ar-
gument is, first, that that act of Congress does
not apply to the Territories, and, secondly, that
no one Congress can prescribe the mode by which
a future Congress shall test the legality of the
election of its members. We are as independent
as the Congress which passed the election law,
and we might as well undertake to decide for
them backwards as they for us forwards.
Now, although under the act of Congress this
testimony would be rejected, yet we cannot deny
the fact set forth in the testimony. They are not
denied on the other side, and in face of that fact
I do not see how the majority of the committee
could make a report in favor of the contestant.
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the gentleman will al-
low me to say a few words. 1 will not interfere
with his line of remark. It does seem to me that
the House should commititself to some rule upon
the subjcct. It seems to me that when Congress
says it will not admit depositions taken under
certain circumstances it depaits fiom all consist-
ency when it admits such depositions. Now,
this man received the very vote which has been
lead; whctlier fortunate or not, ho served his time
a member of the Legislature of Dakota, and
then he came on here to Washington to i^et an
office, and for that purpose he circulated around
heie, and he is now back in the Territory as an
officer under the United States marshal.
Mr. SC0FIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. TODD, i desire to reply to the member
ftom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
Mr. SCO FIELD, i do not propose to occupy
inure than five minutes myself, and then the gen-
tleman can have as much time as he wants.
Allow ine, Mr. speaker, to make you ac-
quainted with St. Joseph, ineverently calltd in
the huiried speech of the West M St. Jo." You
think, perhaps, you had an introduction to this
saint in the case of Hiueoand Loan, but yon are
mistaken. You die thinking ol 44 St. Jo," of Mis-
soiiu, where they mobbed the Massachusetts
emigrants a few yeaisago,anii nioie iceently tore'
down the Amonean lla^, about the time that Mas-
sachusetts soldiers weru muiderod on their way
to defend the national capital; the same St. Jo.
whoso bad cause was so tenderly pleaded a lew days
ago by tho forgiving eloquence of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks.] This is a
saint of another canon; a hermuieul saint; a saint
of the woods, located more than a thousand miles,
by any traversable route, beyond the extreme
fnnge of western settlement; full a thousand tinles
beyond where the mule path ends and.the Indian
twill begins; ciowdid close undei the Canada
line, and ho deeply buned in the shadows ofsun-
sct us to have escaped the observation of A men-
can map-makers altogether. Well, sir, this young
saint has Imd an election, and, like its older name-
sake ofM issouri, has thereby got into trouble. But
they were not alikein their misfortunes. The com-
plaint from the Missouri St. Jo. was that they had
ft ureal many voters, hut owing to the moboeratic
piejudiee against rebels m that locality they ^<>t
but very few votes; while the complaint ftom this
St. Jo. !s that, having but &ix legal voters, they
get J 14 votes, i will tell you how it happened.
They have but few amusements up there, and, for
lack of othpr exci'emrnt, sometimes celebrate the
day of the election. They do not call it, however,
by that name. It isgeneialiy known as Indian
day. Well, sir, on that day, in the fall of 1862,
a few trappers for furs, a few clap-trappers tor
politics, a great many Indians, and a gallon or
two ot whisky got together to exetcise the groat
American piivilege, tho right of voting, ~The
h .w of Dakota requires an election board to he
composed of thi ec judges and two clerks, who arc
themsel\es voters, lint these assembled sover-
eigns did not st>md furfot ms. They selected two
Indians and a Frenchman, known as "Brother
Timothy,"foi the judges, and one Indian and an
Englishman, named Edward Bay, for clerks.
The bomd being thus organized, six white men,
cku tiling to beciU.zl.ns, though three of them were
foreign-born, deposited their votes furMr. Todd
Foity Indiansand Canadians did the same thing.
Forty-six votes weie thus cast for Mr. Todd; but
this was not supposed to be enough to make the
election certain. Not another Indian could be
found, and so the clerks added names„enough to
moke the tally 125 for Mr. Todd. A white man
suggested lhat it would make a better-looking
record if a few votes were put in for Mi*. Jayne.
The Indians acknowledged the superior cunning
of the pale-face, and immediately added 19 votes
for Jayne.
A Scotch divine was once asked by an incredu-
lous fox hunter how itwas possible for Samson
to catch three hundred foxes so easily, when a
whole bevy of sportsmen, aided by the best dog-
blooifr in the realm, were often unable to bring
in a single trophy from a wliole«day,s chase.
Shrewdly accommodating his scriptural exposi-
tion to the weak faith of his interrogator, he re-
plied that Samson probably had only halfa dozen
foxes and all the rest were skunks and wood-
chucks. So with this election. There were half
a dozen legal votes and all the rest were myths
and red-skms. These votes, thus supervised and
thus made up, were forwarded to the proper au-
thorities at the capital of the Tenitory, but they
were not allowed by them. The ease now comes
before us and the contest for the seat will be set-
tled by the allowance or lejection of this vote.
If rejected it leaves Mr. Jayne with a majority of
7 as settled by therepoit of Mr. Todd's friends
on the committee. If allowed, Mr. Todd will
have a majority of 9^). The majority of the com-
mittee concluded to allow the vote. Why? Was
the evidence of the fraud conflicting? No, sir;
there was not a witness nor a circumstance to
contiadict the full and clear evidence of Mr. Buck-
man, who witnessed the pretended election, and
who was one of the real citizens who voted for
Mr. Todd. On the contrary, he was sustained
by the territorial census of 1861, which shows
that only a handful of white people reside at this
place. Was the character of the witness im-
peached? No, sir. Nothing worse could be said
of him than that he was once a member of the
Dakota Legislatuie; that he was recently intrust-
ed by Judge Blair with an important clerkship
in the Post Oilice Depailment in Washington,
and had been indorsed by a member of the United
States Senate, who, amid all the detraction and
scandal of American politics, has always been said
to possess a clear head and a pure heait. This
testimony was taken March 11,1863. Mr.Todd
has thus had one year and three months in which
to disprove it. If theie had been 144 voters m St.
Joseph, surely he might have furnished us some
evidence of it in that great length of time. But
not a line of evidence to contradict the statement
ol Mr. Buckman has been presented.
Why, then, did a majoiity of the committee
allow it? Because the deposition of Mr. Buck-
man was not taken within sixty days according
to rule. It was impossible to do so The elec-
tion was held on the 1st day of September, but
the returns weru not sent m until about Decem-
ber, and then the winter made communication
with that distant settlement extremely difficult.
It was the 11th of March of last year befoie the
evidence was finally obtained. Tho majority of
the committee thought it was better to allow ihis
glaring fraud than to vary a hair's breadth from
lhe sixty-day rule. You might know, sir, that
such a decision could only come from a jury of
lawyers. There are nine of us on the committee,
all lawyeis, ] think; oei tain ly all but one, and if
he is not, he is just as good or bad as a lawyer.
It takes nine tailors to make a man, it is said, but
it takes nine lawyers, accustomed to follow a rule
at all hazards, to conceal a fraud as big as a camel
under a rule as small as a gnat. The legal mind
can do that and then exclaim without intending
it as iionyj " Let justice be dune if the heavens
fall." For the benefit of any one who does not
understand English, I ought perhaps to give the
Latin, Fiat juslitia, mat ccehtm. And so the un-
timely evidence was excluded and this great fraud
nd mi: ted.
This House of Congress may admire such ligid
enforcement of a meie technical rule, but pause
a moment before your approving eyes seek the
stern faces of this tloman majority, for they were
not always so sternly legal. They could unbend
if the desired lesult required it. Rather than have
the heavens fall they would sometimes lelax a
lule. The law requires the notice of contest to
be served after the result of the election is de-
clared; but Mr. Todd, in his haste, served his
notice before, and the majority waived this error.
