2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
military service of the United States, composing
company C of the Dakota cavalry, and were called
to this honorable duty for the protection of their
homes and that portion of our northern frontier.
Surely men representing this interest,and whose
brothers and sons arc in the service of our coun-
try, may well claim the privilege of citizenship,
and be entitled to all the immunities that attach
to that proud title; and yet it is attempted to be
denied them on the testimony of a suborned wit-
ness.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire of the gentle-
tleman whether, that is under the territorial or
United States census?
Mr. TODD. The United States census.
Mr. UPSON. Has a census been taken since
then ?
Mr. TODD. Yes, sir; and I have already
spoken of that and submitted it.
In regard to the election in Pembina district I
have to say that I have iistend with much pleas-
ure to the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] if not instructive
they were at least amusing, and while 1 do not
profess to be a judge of wit, (and coming as i do
from so remote, and untilled a Territory where
the fanciful is compelled to yield to the practical
it will not be cxpected of me,) yet I can truth-
fully say that his attempt was decidedly better
tha,n his statement of facts, while neither was of
a very superior order. The palm of excellence
is due the witticism. A comparison that fails to
discover any difference between a full-blood In-
dian and one who has but a sixteenth of that blood
coursing through his veins is excusable for any
emus of fact which a lively imagination may
commit when in search of something to dwell
upon, and a case which needs in its support the
inmost stretch of it. These people of whom I
have been speaking are partially educated, many
of them well educated, who have never had any
tribal relations with Indians on earth; they live
there at their homes with their wives and children,
their stock and merchandise, upon their farms
and at their places of business, following rlie usual
avocations of white men, and enjoying all that
makes life dear to us.
1 will not. pursue this point further, or lengthen
my reply to the facetious remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, but will content myself
by s ytng (hat all of his argument is based upon
the testimony of the man who was elected upon
the same ticket with myself and by the same vote
at Pembina.
He came to the capital of Dakota and sat as a
member of the Legislature throughout the session
of 1R62-G3. In his evidence he says there were
but six persons in this Pembina district, native or
naturalised, who were legalclcctors. 1 have pre-
sented you the two census returns, one that of the
United St:ite«, the other territorial, taken by diree-
- tion of the Governor, now the sitting Delegate m
this House, from which it is shown that there
were more than forty times that number. Be you
the judges between the two.
But how came this testimony before the com-
mittee and (he Mouse? When the commission
was sitting m the Territory, at its capital, tins
witne&s was theie, occupying his seat in the Ter-
ritorial Legislature as the member from Pcmbma,
and the sitting Delegate, then the Govet nor, was
also present. This testimony e.onld have been
taken then and there. But it did not suit his
(Bookman's) purpose; for he could not return
home after betraying the confidence reposed in
him by a confiding constituency any more than
he could go to the new Jerusalem. We in our
country, pjain, old-fashioned people as we are,
detest traitors, find them where you may. This
person was afterwards brought on hereto the city
of Washington, not certainly within the congres-
sional district of Dakota, and for his evidence in-
corporated in this book of testimony received his
quid pro quo. Upon that evidence is based the re-
port of the minority of the Committee of Elections.
I did not expect, sir, to have addressed the
House as long as I have when 1 arose, yet all
the points 1:1 tins case have not been piesented;
but the leport of the committee is so clear, so
conclusive, and the evidence so full and over-
whelming, showing the frauds perpetrated in the
very heart of our people and by whom commit-
ted, that I fee! that further comment is wholly
lU'necessury
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The resolution was not agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNS WORTH,
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 11, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.Dr. Bowman.
On motion of Mr. CARLILE, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution, which
were yesterday received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No.510) further to regulate the carriage
of passengers in steamships and other vessels—
to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 519) repealing certain provisions of
law concerning seamen on board public and pri-
vate vessels of the United States—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 520) for the relief of Samuel Beas-
ton, master of the schooner George Harris—to
the Committee on Commerce.
A joint x*esolution (No. 85) repealing an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of E. F. and Samuel
A. Wood"—to the Committee on Claims.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 266) to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes; and
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the amendment bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, mul be punted.
EDUCATION IN WASHINGTON.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Repiesentatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 26) to provide for the public
instruction of youth in the county of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia; and it was
0) tiered, That the amendment be refened to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of New York, praying for the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in
the military or naval servicc of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or foifeited estates in
insurrectionary districts; which W3S referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented eleven memorials from
citizens of Vermont, remonstrating against the
extension of the Goodyear patent for the man-
ufacture of vulcanized India rubber; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. SPRAGrUE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Florida, praying for an increase of the
salary of the United States judge for the northern
district of Florida; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
406) supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
grant pensions," approved July 14, 1862, re-
potted it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, who were
instructed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
whether any further legislation is necessary to
provide for the widows and children of the col-
ored soldiers massacred at Fort Pillow, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, as
the committee had made provision for their cases
in the amendments just reported to House bill
No. 406. The motion to discharge the commit-
tee was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referted a bill (H. R. No. 392) for the relief
of Edward Williams, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 467) for the relief
of Mary A. Hyde, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William W. Thayer,
guardian, praying that a pension may be granted
to Charles A. Hichborn, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 303) for the relief of
Charles A. Hichborn; whichwasread andpassed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed*
He also, from the same committee, to* whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Iowa, pray-
ing that a bounty may be granted to Benjamin
F. SpafFord, of company F, twenty-fifth regiment
Iowa volunteers, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 247) granting lands to the State of Wiscon-
sin to build a military road to Lake Superior, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to" whom was re-
ferred a petition of George F. Nesbitt, praying for
relief from a contract with the Post Office Depart-
ment to furnish envelopes and newspaper wrap-
pers for the use of that Department, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. ,305) for the
relief of George F. Nesbitt. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
waa ordered to be printed.
. ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CARLILE. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders and take up Senate bill No.
238, to ascertain and settle certain private land
claims in the State of California, upon which the
Senate was engaged yesterday morning. We
came within a few minutes of disposingof it, and
1 trust we shall be able to dispose of it in a very
short time this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to introduce a
bill with a view to its reference.
Mr. CARLILE. My purpose is not to inter-
fere with the morning business. If the Senator
wilt allow the bill to be taken up, I will then give
way to morning business.
Mr. TRCJMHULL. If we can get through with
the morning business, I was going to say some-
thing in opposition to taking up that bill and one
or two others that have prevented our doing any
morningbusiness for days and days.
Mr. CARLILE, I appeal to the Senator from
Illinois to allow us to dispose of it this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that motion is to be now
considered, I want to get rid of a mere formal
matter, the introduction of a bill with a view to
reference.
Mr. CARLILE. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
eonsentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
304) in relation to the circuit courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FREE STATE GOVERNMENT OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate copies of all coirespond-
eitce, orders, and document* on file in the Departments
in relation to the organization hy the loyal people of Ar-
kansas of the fiee State government of that State.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing amendment, which he intends to propose to
the joint resolution (S. No. 62) for the recogni-
tion of the free State government of the State of
Arkansas, which was ordered to be printed:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That this joint resolution shall
be in force from and after the acceptance of its provisions
by the people of the f-ald State and proclamation of the
same by the President of the United States.
JUAN MIRANDA.
Mr. CARLILE. I now move to postpone all
prior orders, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 238.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for a division of ilu-
question on that motion, if it is susceptible of
division. 1 want to have prior orders suspended,
but the Senate ought surely to proceed to the
consideration of the report of the committee of
