1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....lsr:Sess,
and offense of such person shall be published in
general orders, anil also m one newspaper of gen-
eral circulation nearest to his place of residence.
Sec. 7, And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the sixteenth section of the act entitled
"An act to define the pay and emoluments of
certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses," approved July seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, shall apply to all persons
engaged in executing the contracts therein re-
ferred to, whether as agents of such contractors
or as claiming to be assignees thereof, or other-
wise, and to all inspectors employed by the Uni-
ted States for the inspection of subsistence, cloth-
ing, arms, ammunition, munitions of war, or
other description of supplies for the Army or
Navy of the United States: Provided, That any
person arrested to answer charges for a violation
of tho provisions of thisact, orof theactto which
it is in addition, shall be admitted to bail for his
appearance to answer the charges made against
him before .any court-martial constituted to try
him, in such sums and with such sureties as shall
be designated and approved by the judge of the
district court of the district in which the arrest is
made, or the offense is charged to have been com-
mitted, or any commissioner appointed by such
court.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if any
contractor or personfurnishing supplies or trans-
portation shall give, or offer to give, or cause to
be given, to any officer or employe of the Quar-
termaster's Department having charge of the re-
ceipt or disposition of the supplies or transporta-
tion furnished by him, or in any way connected
therewith, any money or other valuable consid-
eration, directly or indirectly, all contracts and
charters with such person shall, at the option of
the Secretary of War, be null and void; and if
any officer or employe of the Quartermaster's
Department shall knowingly accept any such
money or other valuable consideration from such
person, he shall be deemed guilty of malfeasance,
and shall be punished by fine-and imprisonment,
or both, as a court-martial or military commis-
sion may direct.
Sec. S). And be it farther enacted, That when-
ever it shall become necessary to purchase any
steam or sailing vessel for the use of the Quar-
termaster's Department, the same shall be first
inspected by one or more competentnaval officers
detailed in accordance with the provisions of the
"act authorizing the detail of naval officers for
the service of the War Department," approved
February twelve, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and ail steam vessels shall be inspected by
an officer skilled in the construction and opera-
tion of steam machinery, in addition to the other
usual inspection of such vessels: Provided, That
the provisions of this section shall not apply to
steamboats or other vessels in military service on
the western rivers; but such river steamboats or
vessels shall be so inspected by competent build-
ers, to be designated for that purpose.
Sec. 10. Jindbeit further enacted, That the offi-
cers placed in chargeof the several divisions pro-
vided for by the first section of this act, shall,
during the time they remain in such chargcreach
have the rank, pay, andemoluments of a colonel
in the Quartermaster's Department: Provided,
That the Quartermaster General may, with the
approval of the Secretary of War, from time to
time, and according to the necessities of the public
service, change the distribution of duties among
them; and all suth changes shall be forthwith
published in general orders of the War Depart-
"'sec. 11. And be it further enacted, Thatdurmg
the continuance of the present rebellion, the Sec-
retary of War may assign to duty, as inspectors
of the Quartermaster's Department, six officers,
to be selected from the regular and volunteer offi-
cers of that staff corps, who have served notless
than one year, who shall have, while so assigned
and acting, the temporary rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of colonels of the Quartermaster s Depart-
ment; and also, when in his judgment it is ne-
cessary, may assign to each army in the field,
consisting of more than one Army corps, and to
each military department and to each principal
depot, not exceeding ten in number at any one
time, of the Quartermaster's Department, an offi-
cer to act as chief or senior quartermaster of spill
army, military department, or depot, who shall
have while so assigned the temporary rank, pay,
and emoluments of a colonel of the Quartermas-
ter's Department; and also to assign toeach di-
vision of two or more brigades, a quartermaster,
as division quartermaster, who, while so assigned
and acting, shall have the temporary rank, pay,
and emoluments of a major of the Quartermas-
ter's Department: Provided, That when any of
said officers is relieved from such duty, his tem-
porary rank, pay, and emoluments shall cease,
and he shall return tohislineralrankin the depart-
ment: And provided further, That when within
the limits of any military department there'-shall
be notmore than one Army corps, then the chief
quartermaster of the Armycorps shall perform
also the duties of the department quartermaster.
Sec. 12. Andbeit further enacted, That at least
two thirds of all the officers of each grade or as-
signed rank provided for under the provisions of
this act shall be selected from among quartermas-
ters of the volunteer service.
Sec. 13. And beitfurther enacted, Thatall acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with theprovisions
of thisact be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution of Thanks to Major
General Ulysses S. Grant, and the Officers and
Soldiers who have fought under his command
during this Rebellion; and providing that the
President of the United Slates shall cause a
Medal to be struck, to be presented to Major
General Grant in the name of the People of the
United States of America.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of American Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and
they hereby arc, presented to Majoi' General
Ulysses S. Grant, and through him to theofficers
and soldiers who have fought under his com-
mand during this rebellion, for their gallantry
and good conduct in the battles in which they
have been engaged; and that the President of the
United States be requested to cause a gold medal
to be struck, with suitable emblems, devices, and
inscriptions, to be presented to Major General
Grant.
Sec. 2. Jind be it farther resolved, That when
the said medal shall have been struck, the Presi-
dent shall cause a copy of this joint resolution
to be engrossed on parchment, and shall trans-
mit the same* together with the -jsaid medal, to
Major General Grant, to be presented to him is.
the name of the people of the United States 6f
America.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further resolved, That a suf-
ficient sum of money to carry this resolution into
effect is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, December 17,1863.
No. 2,_Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Captain John Roilgers, of the
United States JNavy, for eminent skill and zeul
in the discharge of his duties.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in puisuance of the recommend-
ation of the President of the United States, and
to enable him to advance Captain Rodgers one
grade, in puisuance of the ninth section of the
act of Congress of sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, the thanks of Congress be,
and they are hereby, tendered to Captain John
Rodgers, "for the eminent skill and gallantry
exhibited by him in the engagement with the
rebel armed iron-clad steamer 'Fingal,' alias
4 Atlanta/while in command of the United States
iron-clad steamer ' Weehawken,' which led to
her captu i e on June seventeenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three*, and also for the zeal, bra very, and
general good conduct shown by this officer on
many occasions."
Approved, December 23,1863.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution to supply, in part, De-
ficiencies in the Appropriations'fbr the Public
Printing, and to supply Deficiencies in the
Appropriations for Bounties to Volunteers,
fie it resolved by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That to supply deficiencies, in part, in
the appropriations for the, public printing, the
sum "of.fifty thousand dollars'be, arid the':.same
hereby is, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated,!
That the sum of twenty millions of dollars* or
so mtich thereof as may be required, Ire, and the
same is hereby; appropriated for the pay meilt of
bounties and advance pay; Provided, That' no
bounties, except such as are now provided by
law, shall be paid to any persons enlisted after
the fifth day of January next.
Sec. 2. AntI be it further resolved,' That the
money paid by drafted persons under the " Act for
enrolling and calling out the national forces and
for other purposes," approved third March,eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States, and shall be
drawn out on requisitions,as in the case of other
public moneys, and the money so paid shall be
kept in the Treasury as'a special deposit, appli-
cable only to the expenses of draft and for the
procuration of substitutes; for these purposes it
is hereby appropriated.
Approved, December 23, 1863.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution to provide for the Print-
ing annually of the Report of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be the duty of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing annually to print,
for the use of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, one thousand copies of his report to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Approved, January 13, 18G4.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution to continue the Bounties
heretofore paid.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the bounties heretofore paid,
under regulations and orders from the War De-
partment, to men enlisting in the regular or vol-
unteer forces of the United States for three years
or during the war, shall continue to be paid from
the fifth day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, until the first day of March next,
anythingin theact [ jointresolution]approved De-
cember twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, to the contrary notwithstanding. This
FesflTatrw-to bain .force from and after its passage.
Approved, January 13,T86C ~
N0. g.—A Resolution amendatory of the Joint
Resolution " to supply, in part,"Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the Public Printing, and
to supply Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for Bounties to Volunteers."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,'That the money paid by drafted persons
under the act for calling out the national forces and
for other purposes, approved March third, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, or that may be
paid under any act for like purposes, shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States, and shall
be drawn out on requisitions, as are other public
motleys, for the expenses of the draft and for the
procuration of substitutes, for which purposes
the money so paid in is hereby appropriated.
Approved, January 16, 1864.
No. 7.—A Resolution expressive of the Thanks
of Congress to Major General Nathaniel P.
Banks and the Officers and Soldiers under his
command at Port Hudson.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congiess are hereby
tendered to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks
