2868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
and does not allege that Ortega has fraudulently over-
reached him, the Government surely has no right to claim
that the land r-hall be con^ulerpd as part o£ the public do-
main. It cannot set up Miranda to defeat Ortega, or the
contrary, admitting a& it must tiiat either of them can show
a claim wertl^ ot continuation in the absence of the other.
Nor can third pet'on*. he admitted to interfere, to use the
clatm of one to defeat the other.
'* if the heirs or assigns ot Miranda object to the issuing
of the patent to Orteg.tor his assign* their remedy is clearly
pointed out. They can have their rights tried where the
witnesses are known, whore they may be examined ore
tewis before the court or before a jury, if the comt chooses
so to do. They have a far better tribunal tosetilothi^ ques-
tion than if they were permitted to appeal to this court to
guess out the truth ftoin conflicting depositions.
"Now, if tlits court should enter a judgment affirming
that of the district court it would appear as if we had de-
cided tiie title of Ottega to be superior to that of Miranda,
and that Miranda was the tenant of Onega. This wo are
unwilling to do, for if there be hona fide claimants of the
Miranda title such a judgment might seem to conclude
them. Nor ca"n we reverse the judgment, for this would
imply that we considered Miranda hail the better title, and
that he oi hi.s assignees might be ju^tilied in attempting to
get the judgment ol this couit in their favor m this oblique
and irregular manner under the protection of the Attorney
General.
" We have concluded, theieforo_, to remand the record to
the district court.,}
And it was done. The case came up again.
The Senate wii! discover that the view taken of
the act of 1851 by the court upon that appeal was
that there was ample remedy for Miranda to have
his title recognized and affirmed; that although
upon the appeal of the United States he could not
be permitted to intervene in the Supreme Court
for the purpose of contesting the question there
as between himself and Ortega, yet lie could pro-
ceed under the authority of the proviso in the act
of 1851 by presenting to the district court a peti-
tion with the particularity required by that act,
m which the question could be decided whether
the title ever passed out of Mexico, and, if it did
pass out of Mexico, whether it was vested in
Miranda.
^ The case came up again, and in the second de-
cision the court evidently took a different view
from that which they took upon the first appeal.
In the second case they thought there was a right
to intervene, and because there luid been no in-
tervention, they decided the case against Ortega
ihen absolutely, the effect of which was, looking
to the condition of things existing after that de-
cision was pronounced, that the land became a
portion of the public domain; for at the timfj of
that decision the time had passed within which
the claimant of (he Miranda title could proceed
to get his title affirmed under the authority of the
uct of 1851.
This I believe is the second time it has been
before the Senate; 1 have not read the first report,
nut only the second report, and in u the com-
mittee tjay—and about that theic cannot be two
opinions, because the language of the treaty is
plain, and .such would have been the law if the
treaty hud not Rpeeificnlly mo provided — if you
obtain by region territory belonging; to another
nuiion, or if you conquer it by war and hold your
conquest, the individual titles to the lands which
may be within the Imutsof the territory purchased
or conducted still belong to the claimants. Pri-
vate titles do not change. .Nothing becomes the
pi ope.rty ofthe succeeding power oi of the eotiquer-
m , but that winch belonged to the nation from
whom the cession was obtained or from whom
the territory was conquered. In other words, all
the pi ivate rights of property eithei m real estate or
m personal estate-go into the hands of the grantee
or o( the conqueior, protected to the same extent
that they aie piotected in the lmnd  of the original
owner. There can be no doubt about that.
But this tieaty makes it still more obvious, if it
could be made moie obvious. Tins treaty pro-
vides in so many words that all claims to lands in
Calilornia shall bo recognized; that title shall be
guarantied; and the act oi ]&ol waa passed for
tile purpose of carrying out that promise upon
our pa it. It was to give effect to the obligation
of the treaty, We told Mexico, " in our hands
the owners of these lands will hold them just as
absolutely as they could have held Thorn' under
your.s; and we passed the act of 18ol merely
the purpose of dseerlaimugfor ourselves who
wets- th« private owners, in oulcr that we might
ascertain whut portion oi the land ceded to the
Ijluted States by .Mexico wua public domain.
All therefore that the treaty obtained was pub-
lic domain, was that portion of the territory ceded
which had not been segregated from the public
domain in the whole territory belonging to the
republic of Mexico.
My friend from California [Mr. Confess] read
us yesterday some resolutions passed by the
Legislature of California. It is not at all to be
wondered at that the State of California and all
her authorities have been very anxious to have
all these titles adjudicated. The very existence
of the doubts which have been hanging over a
great many of these titles from the time of the
cession, and to a certain extent up to the pres-
ent time, impedes the prosperity of California.
Our people have gone from the Atlantic and from
the West, in that spirit of enterprise which char-
acterizes the 'American character, in search of
fortune, and as a great many of these claims cov-
ered an immense extent of territory and were not
evidenced by any ostensible boundary, they set-
tled upon any portion of the territory that they
saw in point of fact unoccupied, and they ob-
tained what is known there as a " squatter title;"
but like every other man who settles upon land
to which it turns outthe Government has no title,
that the land is not vacant but appropriated, he
takes it subject to theconsequences of his having
committed a mistake. Those people, therefore,
who may now be within the limits of this grant,
provided the grant is a good one, are there with-
out the color of right in point of fact, not only
without the color of right, but without the pos-
sibility of obtaining any right from the United
States colorably unless the United States were
willing to violate their treaty. I think I am al-
most, 1 was about to say, as partial to California
as the honorable member [Mr. Conness] who
represents the State with so much zeal and ability;
yet there is one thing which 1 value even more
than the immediate prosperity or increase in
prosperity of California: it is the preservation of
the public faith. In individuals it is all-import-
ant; m Governments it is essential.
The Supreme Court having decided that there
is no right to these lands in the United States and
never was nny i ight in the United States, because
the lands had been appropriated before by Mex-
ico so as to segregate these pariicular lands from
the public domain of Mexico, if we do not pass
this bill we shall take ad vantage of a mistake into
which thtse parties have fallen in some measure
because of a mistake into which the Supreme
Court had fallen m their construction of the act
of 1831.
Will the Senator permit me
Mr. CONNESS.
to interrupt him ?
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. CONNER.
Certainly.
I do not know exactly what
the Senator means: when he says that these parties
fell into an error or mistake. Does he mean by
their voluntarily withdrawing from the court of
the boaid of Sand commissioners? I should like
to have the Senator explain why those parties
withdrew their case from the couit of the board
of land commissions rs under an agreement to di-
vide the proceeds in case the opposing title of Or-
tega had been confirmed.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 can tell you, withoutknow-
ing the cucumstances to which the honorable
member alludes.
Mr. CONNESS. f have got the papers here.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thar question is not before
the Senat". That does not appear in the report,
and I only speak of the case as lhis report pre-
sents it. Hut if I had been the counsel for these
claimants, without any such agreement as he as-
serts, and upon information on which he relies,
was made, I should not have deemed it necessary
to present the claim before the land commission,
and if I had presented the claim I should have
withdiawn it, because I should have thought that
the parties could intervene m the case of the claim
ofOitega; and so the Supreme Court in the last
case held; and it was to the benefit of the United
States and to the benefit of the claimant. The
United Status a re put to considerable troublein the
prosecution of these claims, it is better for them
to have one title decided in one case than to have
half a dozen cases before them, or bioughtto the
courts involving but the one title.
All. CON-NESS. If the Senator will excuse
me now, I shall not mturiupt him again. I should
like to have the Senator understand that this case
of the Miranda title was not withdrawn from the
hoard of land commissioners bccause they be-
lieved they could intervene, but because, as tho
record shows, they made adeliberate contract with
•the parties to the Ortega title that they would aid
in the confirmation of the Ortega title, and then di-
vide the proceeds evenly between them. The
withdrawal, therefore, was not because they
thought they could intervene, but because they-
thought they could fall into possession of a por-
tion of the property under the Ortega title, which
has since been rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, admit that. The Sen-
ator from Virginia will answer as to the fact.
There is nothing in the report that I have seen
about it. But suppose it to be so, ought the Uni-
ted States to take the land ? That is the question.
It touches the national conscience, and in my
view it touches the conscience of each individual
Senator. The Supreme Court have said, and the
very effort of the parties who are trying to de-
feat this bill—I do not mean the Senator; I mean
those who are interested——
Mr. CONNESS. There are no parties here
opposing this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Those who are interested
and who seek the defeat of the bill—they, by op-
posing this bill, evidence their apprehension or
their conviction that if the case is permitted to be
heard, the title will be decided to be m Miranda
and in those who claim under Miranda.
Hut, Mr. President, whetherit is in the one or
the other, the Supreme Court have held, irre-
spective of any agreement which may have been
made as the condition upon which the claim of
Miranda was withdrawn from the board of land
commissioners, that the United States have no
title; and the whole object of this bill is to ascer-
tain which of the two claimants has title; that is
all. My friend's course places the nation in the
attitude of holding on to this land as their own
after the highest court in the land has decided
unanimously that it is no part of the lands be-
longing to the United States under that treaty, but
belongs to individual proprietors. As between
private parties, what would be the morality which
would govern the decision in a case of that de-
scription r Suppose there are in the hands of the
honorable member from California $10,000. My
friend from Virginia claims it as his, and I claim
it as mine. We submit it to the Senator from
-California. He decides that it is not mine, but
it belongs to the honorable Senator from Virginia;
44 but," he says, "it becomes very convenient that I
should keep it for myself; I have no title to it; it
was not put in my hands as my property; but I
have got it, and as he has lost," (if that should
be the case,) " the opportunity of getting it out
of my hands by some statute of limitations, I will
hold on to it." Nobody would more instanta-
neously revolt from such conduct as that, which
my friend will pardon me even for supposing him
to have been capable of, than the honorable mem-
ber from California; and yet that is the case sub-
stantially which the United States will have in
foro conscicnl'uz if she holds on to these lands, or
issues patents to those who are squatted upon
the lands under the supposition that she has had
title.
I have said all that I propose to-say, Mr. Presi-
dent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to say a word
in this connection. It becomes my particular duty,
' The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony.)
The morning hour having expired, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order, the
unfinished business of yesterday, the report of
the committee of conference on the Army appro-
priation bill, which is now before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL, I shall be thiough in five
minutes
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the Indian appro-
priation bill comes up regularly this morning, and
we can dispose of it very soon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is correct. The Indian appropriation bill was
under discussion yesterday and was laid over
informally, in order to take up the report of the
committee of conference on the Army appropii-
ation bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understood that the In-
dian bill was simply laid aside informaby, by
unanimous consent, without being displaced, in
order to consider the conference report, and there-
fore the Indian appropriation is really before the
Senate!"
