848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
own affairs. He seems to adhere fo his principle
of last Congress with as much pertinacity as ever.
But the same reasons which would induce him
and the House to throw out the seventh congres-
sional district of Virginia would also induce them
to throw out every district in Maryland, if the
troops of the United States were not there, and
every district of Pennsylvania for the same reason.
If I had known that the chairman would have held
with such pertinacity to the principle that no coun-
ty should be considered unless with a full number
of votes I might have saved myselfand the House
some trouble. But so it is. That portion of the
seventh district within the Federal lines it seems
is not to have a Representative, but is to have all
the benefits of taxation without representation on
this floor, while in the other branch of Congress
the State can have two Senators. So far as our
people are concerned, up to this time it would
seem that it would have been better to have en-
dured the evils of a military government altogether
and to have let the reorganized State government
of Virginia go by the board.
Let me state for the information of the House
what the people of a few counties of Virginia arc
now enduring. They have to pay three years
taxes to the State, all in a lump, and all of which
go to sustain a State government, the same as if
we were at peace and had entire control to the
Tennessee border. Then they have to pay the
internal revenue taxes to the General Government,
and insurrectionary taxes. We also have living
in our midst a Governor acknowledged by the
Government, a loyal court, a loyal city govern-
ment; and in addition to all this we have a mili-
tary governor to watch over our interests, who
without regard whatever to the civil authority has
a provost court running, and which imposes just
such fines as it chooses; so that between them all
the Lord have mercy upon our poor people.
Shall that people then bear all those burdens of
taxation and be denied repiesentation upon this
floor? f hone not.
Mr. Speaker, my memorial to Congress set
forth the grounds as far as I understood them at
the time upon which I based my claim to the seat:
that Berkeley county on the day she voted for a
member of Congress voted herself out of Virginia
into West Virginia, and that her voting for a
member at ail was only an alternative vote, de-
pendent upon that event and that alone. It if? not
for me to take issue with the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Dawks] upon
the question whether further legislation is neces-
sary on the part of Congress or not, or whether
there will ever be any further legislation. The
fact stands out fully before the woild that West
Virginia does not think further legislation neces-
sary, and has acted according to that opinion and
admitted Ueikeiey county without conditions,and
has not only done so but transferred her to the
various judicial, senatorial, and concessional dis-
tiiets; and if dining last October when the elec-
tions were held for Congress m West Vnginia
matters had not been so houblesome with the eon-
federates she would have voted again for Con-
gress
Hut that is not all. The Tiibuno Almanac sets
it down in the district of my friend from West
Virginia, [Mr. 'Brown.]
The honorable chah man stated jhat I contested
Berkeley county also on account of an alleged
informality in conducting the election, and that
the iriegulanty consisted in the fact that the com-
missionersof elections certified the lesult directly
to the clerk of Alexandriacounty, instead of to the
clerk of Berkeley county, as required by law.
When I prepared my memorial to Congress be-
fore Congress met, I had not been to Berkeley
county, and did not know of the stale of tilings
existing there. The law of Congress pi ovules
that members of Oongicss shall be elected accord-
ing to the laws of the State respectively. And the
difficulty is that the laws of Virginia have not
been complied with. But I found I was compelled
to proceed according to the act of Congress of
1851, legulating the mode in which contestants
should piocped; and i found that that was nothing
but a stumbling-block to me all the time.
When I calhd the attention of the committee
to the fact that the county of Jdllison was le-
turned as having cast thiity odd \otes, the hon-
orable chairman said he had no power to call for
the returns. Being anxious to have the returns,
1 applied to the secretary of the Commonwealth
of Virginia, at Alexandria, and asked him if he
would allow rpe to take those returns and bring
them before the committee. I got them and car-
ried them before the committee, but they were not
signed and not sworn to, and there was nothing
to show that the voters were qualified at all. There
was nothing but a certificate, signed by two or
three individuals, stating that thirty votes were
cast. *1 have here the certificate in .blank.
I went before the committee, but I did not want
a seat in Congress if t was not entitled to it. I
am not in the habit of going where I am not
wanted; neither am I in the habit of troubling
n>le about my affairs generally. I believe this
u first time I have been in this Hall since the
first or second day of the session, and I have not
spoken to a solitary member of this House, out-
side of the Committee of Elections, upon the sub-
ject of my right to a seat here. I am not a man
to buttonhole members of Congress. They have
enough to attend to. Let the facts come out here,
and then if gentlemen can vole for me let them do
so; and if they cannot in their judgment do so,
let them vote against me. That is the piinciple
upon which I have always acted, and I want oth-
ers to do the same thing.
As regards thrs matter of Berkeley county, the
gentleman says I did not pretend there was any-
thing irregular about it. Now I did not go to
Berkeley county until a few days after Congress
met. And why? The law regulating elections
required me to give the party claiming the seat
thirty days'notice of contest. This election was
held on the 23d day of May, and I was obliged
to give him notice within thirty days thereafter.
I did give that notice. But in the nruan time the
Legislature of West Virginia, sitting at Wheel-
ing,took action in favor of Berkeley county being
admitted into that State at once,and I presumed,
of course, she would be turned over to one of the
congressional districts of West Virginia, and I did
not suppose that any gentleman would ask that
West Virginia should have more than three Rep-
resentatives upon this floor. I did not suppose it
would be contended that Berkeley county was not
m West Viiginiu. Berkeley county voted herself
out of Virginia on the ycry day of this election,
and it only remained for the Legislatuie of West
Virginia to accept Berkeley county, which they
did on the 7th of August, as a part of that State.
They transferred her fiom the seventh congres-
sional district. 1 have here the act of the Legis-
lature in regard to that county. It is as follows:
u Whereas by an art of the Goueial Assembly of tin* State
ofViigmia, entitled 'An act  ivni« the con-entot the State
of Villoma to the county of Beikclev bcinu; admitted into,
and bccomnur pait of, the State of West Vnginia,' passed
Januaiv 31, lK>d, it w.i'-, auxin;* othei thing-, enacted tliat
polls should tie opeiu d and hi Id on the 1th Thin day of
.May then ne\t, at tho veveial places tor holding eh etions
lit the -said couutv, toi the purpose ol takiuir the sense of the
qualified voi<>ts thereot on the question ot inelndini? ilu:
said county in the State ofWc-t V'ngima; andil theliov-
unoi ot the State, ot Vugini.i wa* of op.man that the ,-anl
vote had been opened and held, and the ie-(i!i a-eertamed
and ceil ified pui-uaut to law, he should eoi litv the i e-ult ot
ilic - nine mulct the seal ol file >aid Siale ot \ uyinia to the
Uovohioi ol Uii- State ; and u a majoi it} ol die vote> ^i\ en
at the said poll- should he in lavoi of the said count) be-
I eoniiny pait ot thl- State, the <-amo >h<>nld heroine pair of
! this Stale when admitted, with the con-enl of the |,oLris-
| lauue theieoi. And wheieas Fiance li, Pietpomr, (iov-
| emoroi the Comuumw i alth ol Yugiuia, did, on the 2d day
| of July, m the pi< -eat yoat, atua locitnig thai poll- weie
j opened in tin; -aid county on ThUK-day, the day of
| .May, 18hd, loi the puipose indicated m the above-entitled
' act, eeititj nnd  r hi? hand and the le--, t-oal ol'the said
I Cominonwealth that, ham the lettn us on tile in the c\ecu
| tive department tln\eot, a veiy laiye nv.jonu ot the votes
cast at the t-.ud election were in favoi of the -aid rounty of
Berkeley becoming pait ol the State ot West Vngnuu:
Thfcteiore,
"Be it emitted h\j the Lc*islvtme of West }'ir 7nia: I.
The county ot Beikeley, lau !}• con-titutmg p:u I ot tin Com-
! monvveahn of Vnginia, is heiehv admitted into and made
' pait ot this State, and shall constitute p irtol the tenth son-
atonal di:-tnct. and ol the t< nth ju<hcial ciuuit, and
1 at the eleotmn heiem provided ioi. and at every annual
i State (lection theicatter. choo.sc two membeisof the IIou>e
, of Delegates.1'
! Here is another act districting the State for Rep-
1 rcsentdtives m the Congress of the United States,
which, among other things, provides that—
| "1. The number of tii'Mimeis to winch tin* State i< en-
1 titled in the llou-e of Repre^emalive • ot the Tinted State-*
<ha!l be appoi Uoiu d anion? the s.'veial comities of the State
i ananyed in t'uiee disuiet-, numbered as follows ; that l-to
1 sav:" * v * * '•The counties ol Taylor,
; .Marion, Monongalia, Proton, Tueker, Buihoui', Upahui
Webster, Pocahontas,Randolph,Pendleton,Hardy, Hamp-
shire, Beikeley, and Morgan, &hall form the tccond congres-
sional district."
Now, sir, as regards the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Elections, supposing that he
relied here upon the provisions of the aot of Con-
gress regulating election cases, I expected to have
had the benefit of all the provisions of that law,
and supposed that I was entitled to it. But, sir,
it seemed to be alawfor my discomfort; it seemed
to be a law that was nothing but trouble, so far
as I was concerned; I got no advantage of it.
Sir, in order to show the Committee of Elec-
tions what are the requirements of the laws of
Virginia in each respect, 1 furnished the commit-
tee with law-books on the subject, and I believe
no law-books have been furnished to the com-
mittee but by me.
I expected that when I wanted to procure test-
imony, the gentleman whose seat 1 was contest-
ing would have favored me with all facilities for
arriving at a correct conclusion. I went up to
the county of Berkeley, but I found that such
was the feeling existing against me there among
his partisans that I could procure no means of
obtaining testimony; but finally I found a gen-
tleman, who is a member of the court there, who
agreed to sign subpenas that were necessary for
me to obtain testimony. There xvas, however,
no printing office in the town of Martinsburg,
and 1 was consequently obliged to return home
it) order to get the subpenas printed. I inclosed
them to a gentleman in Martinsburg, with the
request that he would get them signed by the
magistrate and served upon the parties. But
forty-eight hours afterward I received a telegraph
dispatch from Martinsburg informing me that
such was the feeling of the people against me
about the matter, that he could neither get a
magistrate to sign the papers, nor, if he could,
could he find anybody to serve theprocess. Well,
I thought that was a pietty state of affairs under
a free Government, or under a kind of free Gov-
ernment. The people there had got the idea that
I was a u Copperhead," and I was told I had bet-'
tcr not interfere in the matter. Having no re-
course left, and the law authorizing any two
magistrates in the district to act, I at once took
two Alexandria magistrates and proceeded to
Martinsburg, issued some few subpenas, and
succeeded in obtaining the testimony of three or
four parties there, and among them was a gentle-
man of the name of Sommerville.
Now, I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections to say that there was no clerk
of the court in the county of Berkeley. Well, I
suppose, sir, that, being president of the county
court of Alexandria, I am certainly qualified to
know whether a deputy clerk is a county clerk.
Here is the testimony of R. A. Sommcrville:
i( First intcnogalory. Please state your name and resi-
dence.
'• v'insiucr. It. A. Sommei ville. Resilience, Martlnsbuig,
Beikol-iy county, Vuyinia.
Second intci io^atvi u. l v whom and when were you
appointed deputy i teik ot Beikeley county court?
" cr. I am one of the deputy cleik-- ot Beikeley
county court, appointed by tin* court at the Maj term, 1861,
and ?i) leeoided in the journals of the eouit.'1
(%Foutlh interrogatory Were you deputy clerk of the
count; coint -iltue; in the May term, ISGO, hefiinniii" on
the -.econd Monday oi the month i5 It so, did the eoui tat
th.it action appoint coimm-iioneif to hold an election for
a member ot Confess and State officer-?
" sliii-eer. I \\ a.-. 1 cannot icinember whether the eom-
nn-'ftouei - of elections u eie appointed at the Apiil oi May
teim, 18t53, hut at one or the other.
"Fifth interrogator}!. Have >ou been continuously, un~
inteiruptedly. and solely deput) cletkol the county court
of B< ikelcy county, in the State of Vngmiu, from March 1,
1^62. up to" Aui'u-t,' 18G3?
" idnsv cr. I was.
" bixtkuitarugutoiy. Has IVIaitiusburc:, the county beat
and eonrt-houi-e of the county of Beikeley, in the State of
Vnjnma.bcen your permanent and well-known place of i ev-
idence during the whole time that you have been clerk ot the
countv eouri of the said count} ?
'• .-I'asirfft Is.
'• Seventh intei 1 ozatoiy■ Wa^ it notorious and well known
thioushout the said county ot Berkeley that you held the
olfice of deputy clerk of the said county duung the period
referred to?
" j-hiswer. I pi'C.-ume that the public puformancc of my
official do ties a*- deputy cieik of the coin t made my official
chaiactei as such well knoun throughout the county."
The deputy clerk, who is actually authorized
by the laws of Virginia to act as clei k, states that
he was clerk at the time of the election, and that
he was clerk a month before, when the commis-
