1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman answer me one
question?
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. COX. Does the report of the committee
of conference leave out the name of General
Grant?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does.
Mr. COX. Then I move to lay it upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor.
•Mr. COX. Well, I will make that motion when
it is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
state to the House the precise shape in which the
bill now stands in connection with the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio to lay the report upon
the table, which would kill the bill. [Several
Members. "Let the bill be read."] Well, I will
send it to the Clerk's desk and let it be read first
as it stood originally.
The Clerk read the bill as it passed the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Clerk
will now report the bill as it will stand if the
report of the committee of conference shall be
agreed to.
The bill, as agreed to by the conference com-
mittee, was read. It revives the grade of lieuten-
ant general in the Army of the United States, and
authorizes the President, whenever he shall deem
it expedient, to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a lieutenant general,
to be selected from among those officers in the
military service of the United States, not below
the grade of major general, most distinguished
for courage, skill, and ability, who, being com-
missioned as lieutenant general, may be author-
ized, under the direction and during the pleasure
of the President, to command the armies of the
United States.
The second section enacts that the lieutenant
general appointed, as provided, shall be entitled
to the pay, allowances, and staff specified in the
fifth section of the act of May 28, 1798, and to all
the allowances described in the sixth section of
the act approved August 23, 1842, giving addi-
tional rations to certain officers, provided that
nothing in this bill shall be construed to affect m
any way the rank, pay, or allowances of Win-
field Scott, lieutenant general by brevet, now on
the retired list of the Army.
M r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the Clerk has read the original bill, and the bill
as it will be provided the report of the commit-
tee of conference be agreed to. The first amend-
ment of the Senate was striking out the words
"commander of the armies," and inserting the
words " lieutenant general." The second amend-
ment was striking out the words during war."
The third amendment was merely verbal,striking
out the word "and" in the phrase " and who,
being commissioned as lieutenant general," &c.
The next amendment was striking out the words
" and that we respectfully recommend the ap-
pointment of Major General Ulysses S. Grant,
of Illinois, to the position of lieutenant general."
The Senate struck out all of that, and what I
have stated in regard to the command of the Army
"duiing war." The. committee of conference
agreed to concur in the amendments striking out
the words " commander of the armies" and in-
serting " lieutenant general," and also striking
out the words " during war." Butthe committee
would not agree to the other amendment of the
Senate without an amendment. Finally it was
agieed to in this shape: that a lieutenant gen-
eral shall be appointed from among the officeis in
the military service of the United States, not be-
low the grade of majorgeneral, mostdistinguished
for courage, skill, and ability, who, being com-
missioned as lieutenant general, may be author-
ized, under the direction and during the pleasure
of the President, to command the armies of the
United States. So that portion of the bill is sub-
stantiallyas itwas when uwent from the House.
The Senate receded to that extent, so that the
House gets substantially what it provided for in
the oiigmal bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the bill, in point of fact,
do anything more than create a lieutenantgeneral,
with salary, rations, &<?., at §13,000 a year?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It creates a
lieutenantgeneral, who, being commissioned as
lieutenant general, may be authorized by the
President of the United States to command the
armies of the United States.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to ask my col-
league whether this bill confers any additional
power on the lieutenant general which General
Halleck, or General Grant, or any other general
does not possess to-day, so far as the command
of the Army is concerned?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
revives the grade of lieutenant general, and puts
General Grant at the head of the armies of the
United States, provided he shall be appointed.
Mr. COX. I understood that that was struck
out.
'Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; the
gentleman has misunderstood.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman from Illinois
say that this bill provides for the appointment of
General Grant?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
did not say so.
Mr. COX. It was so understood here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
originally had a recommendation that General
Grant should be appointed.
Mr. COX. And the gentleman agreed to strike
that out, I believe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man will permit me to explain the bill. The
Senate has stricken out that portion of the House
bill which contained this recommendation, on the
ground that it was intrenchingon their privileges
—the right to confirm or reject whoever should
be appointed. The committee of conference
on the part of the House have unanimously agreed
to the report for the reason that everything has
been obtained which the original bill provided
for. While they insisted that this should remain
as an expression of the opinion of the House,
they were willing that it should be taken out on
the information that if the bill should pass, Gen-
eral Grant would receive the appointment of lieu-
tenant general without delay.
Mr. COX. I call the gentleman to order. It
is not in order to state what occurred in commit-
tee; nor is it in order to bring the authoi ity of the
President here to control our action. I under-
stand the gentleman to say that the committee of
conference are informed by the President that he
would appoint such a man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
make any such statement.
The SPEAKER. Thedeliberations of the com-
mittee cannot be stated in the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The simple
question is whether the report of the committee
of conference shall be agreed to by the House,
and General Grant shall be made the commander
of the Army to close the rebellion.
Mr. COX. The gentleman himself stated that
the bill does not appoint General Grant. The gen-
tleman is not authorized to say that the President
will appoint General Grant. I will not trust the
President's word on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I am surprised that any gentleman should object
to this in thelightof recent intelligence. We hear
to-day that Grant has driven Longstreet out of
Tennessee. Another portion of his army he has
advanced upon Dalton and taken it. Sheiman
has moved into Alabama and Mississippi. They
are ail parts of the grand programme of General
Grant. Yet after this report has been agreed to
unanimously by the members of the committee
of the House and Senate, thegeiitlemanfrom Ohio
[Mr. Cox] moves that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will allow me a
word ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. COX. The gentleman himself has de-
serted General Grant, and come here with his fus-
tian 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order. The gentleman from Illinois refuses to
yield to him.
Mr. COX. Let me ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline to
yield. I have yielded to the gentleman several
times already. I have explained the provisions
of the bill as it will stand if this report be adopted;
and now, in compliance with my promise to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr: Smith] who wfcs
kind enough to yield to let this report come in-, I
demand the previous cjuestion. • .
Mr. COX. Imovc that the report be laid upon
the table.
A Member. Let us try and refuse to sustain
the previous question first.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my motion.--
On sustaining the call for the previous question,
there were, on a division—ayes 52, noes 49.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-'
burne, of Illinois, and Cox, were appointed.
The previous question was seconded; the tell-
ers having reported—ayes 54, noes 48.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. COX moved that the report of the commit-
tee of conference be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 36, noes 59.
The question recurrcd on concurringin the re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays oh
striking out General Grant's name.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We know
where the gentleman stands in reference to Gen-
eral Grant.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROSS. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible. The
vote must be taken on the report as a whole.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Blow,
Boyd, Brandegee, Ambiose W. Clark, Cobb. Dawes. Dom-
ing, Di\ons Eckley, Eliot, Fenton, Frank, Go >ch,
Gnuneil, Iligby, IIoopoi. Jencke-*, William Johnson, Ju-
lian, Ka*son. Kollpy, Oilando Kello<r«r, Lonsyear. Maivin.
McAllister, McBride, MeClmjf. Mcludbe, Mooi head. Amos
Myers, Leonard Myen, Nelson, Norton, Udell. Chai!<<-
O'Ncill. Patterson, Pike, William II. Randall, AleAandei II.
Rice, Edwaid H-Kolhns. James S. Rolling Scheuek, Soo-
field, Sloan, Smith, Southern. Spalding, Starr, Stt bikini,
John H. Steele. Siuair, Sweat, Thorn.!*, Tracy, Ufwm,
Van Valkorihuieh. Eliliu 13. Wa^hburne, William B. W.vb-
biiin. Whaley, William?, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Woodbi id<r<:—7A. ^
NAY^ — Me— rs. Ancona, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
John D. Baldwin. Bliss, I'outwell, Brooks, William G.
Biown, Clay, ColTioth, Cole, Cox, Dawson, Dcunt^on,
Donnelly, Eden, Eldiuige, Finck, Garfield. Crider, Hale,
II:udin<r, Harrington, Hohnan, John II. Hubbard, Kalfo-
flei-ch, King, Eazeai, Mallory, McDowell, MeKinncy,
William II Millei,Monison,Noble, John O'Neill,Pendle-
ton, liosi?, Scott, Shannon, Stevens., Stiles, Strouse, Wads-
worth, Ward, Chilton A. White, Winlield, and Fernando
Wood—47.
 So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleagues Messrs. Chanler and Pomeroy had
paired off.
Mr. BOLMAN announced that his colleagues
Mr. Cravens and Mr.OnTfihad been compelled
to visit their homes in Indiana, and were paired
on all questions upon which they might differ in
opinion.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the reportof the com-
mittee of conference was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Smith] is now entitled to the floor
upon the Yiigmi.i contested-election case,and has
forty minutes of his hour still remaining.
Mr. STILES. With the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, I will move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. 1 yield to the gentleman for that
purpose.
Mr. STILES. I move an adjournment.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the motion
to adjourn, the Chair will state that on to-mor-
row,'in consequence of the unanimous order of
the House, he will not entertain any motions of
any character except to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the Pres-
idents message, and when the committee rises
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will a motion for a call of
the House be in order?
