1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
r&al estate at once ceased to be taxable like the
other real estate of England, To avoid this idea
of sequestration we have inserted in this bill this
proviso;
- Provided, Tbat nothing in this act shall exempt the real
estate of associations fiom cither county, State, or muni-
cipal taxtb to the same extent, according to its value, as
Gather real estate is taxed.
So that.by the provisions of the bill all the real
estate owned by the banks is subject to tax just
like individual real estate. The only question is
whether the property they have invested in the
bonds of the United States shall be taxed. J
wish to confine the attention of the Senate to that
question.
.The amendment of the Senator from Kansas
proposes to tax all the property of these banks
that is not invested in the securities of the United
States, so that all its capital stock, all its personal
property, all its real property, every dollar of
property it has in the world in any form or shape
will be subject to taxation under the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kansas, except
only that which is invested in the bonds of the
United States. In other words, it put a national
bank holding bonds of the United States on pre-
cisely the same footing that a State bank now is
that holds the bonds of the United States. The
whole of this controversy stands then in that po-
sition 
Mr. HOWE rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me finish; I shall con-
clude the sooner.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to ask a question.
JAr.SHERMAN. I will answer a question.
Mr. HOWE. It is practically how the ns-
aessor who undertakes to assess the stock in a
bank is to distinguish 
Mr. POMEROY. Notaasess the stock, assess
the bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the question;
I know what it is now before the Senator from
Wisconsin finishes it. The monthly reports and
quarterly reports provided for in this bill show
how much capital stock they have paid in, how
much of all kinds of property they have, and how
much of that is invested in the bonds of the Uni-
ted States; so that their reports show that fact,and
if the assessor is not satisfied with that report he
can examine the officers under oath.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand that the
amendmentof theSenator from Kansas proposed,
to tax a bank as an association. I supposed it
was a tax on the shareholder.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; to tax the bank. Under
this system of banking a bank is required to hold
one third of its capital stock in the securities of the
United States. It may invest the whole of its
capital stock in these securities. If it invests but
one third, all its capital above the amount so in-
vested is liable to taxation, precisely like any
other property held by any other corporation un-
der State laws. The only exemption is that ana-
tional bank will not be bound to pay State and
municipal taxes on the money that it lias invested
it) the bonds of the United States. Take, for in-
stance, the case of John Stiles, the very interest-
ing illustration of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer.] Suppose John Stiles having
money, living in Vermont, and not desiring to
invest it in the real estate of Vermont, should in-
vest it in the bonds of the United States, under
the existing laws, which the honorable Senator
from Vermont voted for, John Stiles would be
exempt from State taxation;and why? We have
denied to the State of Vermont the power to tax
the money of John Stiles invested in the securi-
ties of the United States, and the leason for this
exemption was given very lucidly by the honoia-
ble Senator from Vermont. In a time of war it
is necessary, to make our securities bettor, to hold
out inducements to our citizens to invest their
money in our bonds, and therefore we said to the
States that the money invested in our bonds by
John Stilus or anybody else should be free from
State or municipal taxation.
On the other hand, suppose that for national
purposes national banks aie otg-anized, and these
national banks are comp- lied by the law to invest
their money in the bonds of tin; United States.
They are taxed by tin' United States for the priv-
ileges granted by this lull, fully taxed, to the full
extent of the average taxation in the United States.
Now is there any reason why ihu property of
these banks, which by law they are compelled to
invest in the bonds of the United States, should
Tfiot be exempt from State taxation just as much
as the property of John Stiles invested in United
States bonds?
There is the case, and I think it is sufficiently
answered. If John Stiles takes ail interest in a
hank, ana if that bank of which he is a stock-
holder in vests its capital in the bonds of the United
States, then as a matter of course John Stiles is
exempted from State taxation, just as much as if
he directly invests his money in the bonds of the
United States, instead ofdoing it indirectly through
a bank; but if the capital stock of the bank of
which John Stiles is a stockholder is not invested
in the bonds of the United States, it is not ex-
empt from State or municipal taxation by the
terms of this bill.
There is one general idea that controls my vote
on this matter. I do not think it is a matter to
get excited about. The States are necessary to
be supported, and the countiesatid the cities must
be maintained; but so must the national Govern-
ment, and the needs of the national Government
are now greater than those of any portion of the
community; and the only question is, howcan all
these governments be sustained without injury to
the other? All are to be sustained by taxation.
The basis of my idea is that certain modes of tax-
ation should be set aside for the United States,
and certain modes of taxation should be set aside
for the States. For instance, by the Constitution
we have setaside for national puiposes the power
to impose duties upon imports. This is one na-
tional fund that is reserved by the Constitution.
We have also by practice, although that is not by
Constitution but by law, reserved indirect taxes
to the national Government. By law also we have
reserved to the States all Jie real estate and all the
personal property of this country with but one or
two exceptions. All the real estate of the United
Slates amounting to §li,OOO,OOO,OO0has been free
and I hope always will be kept free from direct
tax by the United States, and will be left to sup-
port the State and local governments. Here is
sequestration in earnest, not by the Constitution,
but by law; all the real property of this country
is withdrawn from national taxes. It is ti tie that
in the bill now pending in the House of Rep-
resentatives there is a proposed direct tax of
$15,000,01)0,but I hope itwillnotbe adopted, and
1 do not believe it will be. I wish to leave to the
States the whole of the vast real and personal
property of this country, and with the taxes on
that property to suppoit the local governments.
The national Government ought only to resoit to
indirect taxes. Here we have a system of indi-
rect taxes which we have devised, and which we
hope to improve, which will yield to the Govern-
ment a large sum of money without invading or
impairing in the least any of the ordinary modes
of taxation adopted in the States.
It is proposed by this bill also to give to the
United Sates Government another fund, another
mode of collecting taxes, and what is it? The
bonds of the United States invested in a system
of national banks. They are to be reserved to
the nation as another fund from which the nation
alone may tlraw taxes. Is that extraordinary?
The States have by law the exclusive power, and
they by law collect exclusive taxes on all the
lands and personal property of the United States,
witli some small exceptions. Is it unreasonable
that the Government of the United States should
claim as its peculiar source of taxation, first, duties
on imports; next, indirect internal taxation;and
next, a tax on its own securities. We now have the
power to tax nil the bonds of the United States for
national puiposes. The law declaies that these
bonds shall not be subject to State taxation, but
it does not relieve them from taxation by the
nation. They are moneys invested in the secu-
rities of the United States, and that fund may be
set apart, used exclusively by the nation for the
support of the Government. Is it unreasonable,
when this money is invested in a system of na-
tional banks, set aside to maintain and build up
a national currency upon, to extend this exemp-
jj lion of United States stocks when owned by
| these national banks?
i| Why, sir, if a bank in the State of Vermont
j| now is a holder of national securities, those nu-
ll tional securities in the hands of that local bank
!| arc exempt from S'-Uc taxation. Suppose by law
they are. required to be deposited in the Treasury
of the United States as the basis of national
banks, is u any the less a reason why they should
be exempt from State taxation? Not at all. I
'say the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kansas, if adopted, will do nothing more
than to give to these national banks that exemp-
tion which by law is now given to every bank
and to evu-y individual who holds the bonds of
the United States.
I therefore do not see all these causes of com-
plaint. Bat here is another point, and I invite
the attention of the Senator from Maine to it.
He asked very strongly,-" Why not give to the-
States and to the cities the posver of taxation; is
it likely they will abuse it?" I will tell him why
I think it would operate unjustly to leave these
bonds, owned by the national banks, subject to
local taxation. In the first place, it would give
to the States and communities a great power over
the banks. The power of taxation, as Chief
Justice Marshall says, is very apt to involve the
power to destroy. It may not always b" so ex-
ercised, but it may be so exercised. We have
these thirty-five Slates. If these banks are sub-
ject to the laws of thirty-five different States we
lose all the benefit of uniformity of taxation.
Some of the Slates or some of the cities in the
States may have such feelings of hostility against
this agency of tin' national Governmentas to use
its power of taxation unjustly and oppressively.
Is it not rifiiit when we are organizing a system
of national agents tor us to make those agents
free from the poss'bility of destruction?
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to put one question right there?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certam+y.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to ask the Sen-
ator whet nor the ease he has just now put of an
abuse 01 lather an oppressive use of this power
of taxation by municipalities docs notshow quite
clearly that the bill itself upon which we are now
acting comes clearly within the general principle
laid down by Chief Justice Marshall in the case
of McCulloch, that it is incompetent for a State to
tax or to provide for the taxation of . ny of the
instrumentalities of the national Government? I
can see no distinction myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the view I take of this
question I have avoided the discussion of the
constitutional question, because 1 wish to present
it as it is presented by this amendmentas a ques-
tion of good policy to be submitted to legislators
and not as a constitutional question, although
that objection may very properly be taken.
Hut tneie is another objection. Under the
amendment as it now stands the whole of this
tax can be evaded. 1 venture now the assertion
that the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Kans.ts will yield as much revenue to the
States and cities as the amendment of the com-
mittee. Let us look at that a little closer. The
amendment of the Senator from Kansas requires
the bank to pay a tax on all its capital above the
amount invested in bonds. All the tax that is
imposed by law must be paid because it would
be reached in the hands of the bank. But look
at the provision of the committee; and I wish to
call their especial u'tention to it:
That nothing in till-' act shall be construed to pievcnt
the in irkPtv.iiuH of t1'-liaios in any of ihe said a^ocui
tiou-, held liy any per-on or both-corpoiate, from tu'inijin-
cladf dm the valuation ot the personal piopr-rfy of.vueh per-
son 01 eoipor.tuon in tin asss'.'s&ment oi all imposed
by ot inuh'i S;nt<> ntvlvnify, f'm St.it*', county, or jnmuci-
pa] puipo-c-; butnot at .1 greater late timn a^se^sed upon
othfM moneyed capital m the hands of individual citizens
of suv'li State.
"Who is to pay this tax, and where is it to he
paid? Is it to be pnd at the place where the bank
is located? The individual stockholder may have
no '(iiji'sonnl property there, and tbeie may be no
way of eriforoiitir it. The intention of this clnusc
is to requne the p' rson, wherever he hv^s, to pay
it. Suppns,- a Q}t''/cn of the State of Vermont
ownrf stock in a bank in the State of Ohio. He
wii! pay the tax in Vermont. What justice is
theie in that - If th«-re is any ground at ail for this
loc.ii taxation it is that the local law protects the
bank-^. In 'lie State of Ohio, where it m located,
thei. is soif." ground; but that ts the only reason
for i'ical ux-''ion. Hut why should the >State of
Vrinnnit rnlVct a U.x on this capital invested in
the .vhntr of Ohio?
IjmL that . : h' i , W I a&k yr>u  fir, if this tax
