•2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June ll,
'referred, and Jet the Senate pass on the merits
-of it, in relation to the Weas and Piankeshaws,
whose case stands perhaps rather stronger than
any of the other tribes, I am willing to vote with
him to take that matter up, and let the Senate de-
termine it.
Mr. POME ROY. How in regard to paying
the Pott&watomres ?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not understand that
that should be done. If there has been a new
"treaty formed with the Pottawatomie®, that is a
different matter; my attention has not been called,
to it; I do not remember what the Senator refers to.
Mr.HARLAN. Idesiretes'ubmitafev?words
on this question. It is not new to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, nor to the Senate. Three years
in succession Congress has declined to pay the
interest on these bomls, ahd that after a- thorough
examination by the committee to whom the sub-
ject belongedThree years ago the Committee
on Indian Affairs detailed members, of that com-
mittee to examine the treaties and all the laws
bearing on the subject. This sub-committee did
so, and made their report to the committee. The
judgment of the sub-committee was approved by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and was sub-
sequently approved by the Senate and by Con-
gress.- The ground on which the committee came
to this conclusion was this: the officers of the
Government invested this money under treaty
stipulations for the Indians, as guardian or trustee
for the Indians; and that as such, if they exer-
cised reasonable care and due diligence and ordi-
nary intelligence in making the investment, they
did not become individually responsible or render
the Government responsible as guarantors of the
paper in which the money was invested. And
after listening to the Bpeech of the learned and
able Senator from Maryland, I am not shaken in
my confidence in the correctness of that-conclu-
sion. We obligated ourselves by treaty stipula-
tion to in vest this money in safe stocks, and, to pay
over the interest, as it should fall due and be col-
lected, to the beneficiaries of the trust. We made
the investment in good faith, exercising reason-
able care and due diligence and ordinary intelli-
gence. The investment at the time was a safe in-
vestment, a good investment; the interest was
collected by the officers of the Government and
paid over to the wards.
But the paper has since become bad. The
States owing these bonds hnve not paid the inter-
est for two or three years past. The States are
in rebellion, and the Senator from Maryland ar-
fues that on that account, on account of the re-
ellion of some of the States whose bonds were
purchased and their failure to pay interest, this
Government is bound to pay the interest. He says
we are under obligations to compel these States
to pay their debts; and insists that I, among
others, have indirectly admitted this conclusion
by voting large sums of money and immense
armies to compel those States to stay in the Union.
I cannotperceive any connection between the two
f&cts. The one is an obligation of the States to
pay their debts; the other an obligation of the peo-
ple of the United States residing within the limits
of the rebellious States to obey the laws and Con-
stitution of the United States. I know it was
maintained by British creditors of the Slate of
Mississippi and some other repudiating States
many years since that this Government of the
United States ought to pay the debts contracted
by the defaulting States, but 1 believe that that
demand was never countenanced by any Ameri-
can statesman or by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. And never since until to-day, as far
as I know, has any one admitted the validity of
such a claim. To admit that it is the duty of this
Government to compel the individual States of
the Union to pay their debts is but another mode
of stating the proposition that the United States
is the guarantor of their paper. This is a prop-
osition so dangerous to the very existence of
this Government that it surprises me to hear it
. from the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.]
Each State contracts debts at its own discretion.
Heretofore it has been supposed that the obliga-
tion to pay these debts was thus imposed on the
people of the State contracting them;, but if the
Senator is right in supposing that the people of all
the States become obligated to pay any and all
debts contracted by an individual State, it would
follow that any State of the Union might by its
prodigality bankrupt the nation. I cannot, for
one, vote to indorse any such doctrine.
But then the Senator maintains that we held
these bonds too long, that as faithful guardians
we ought to have sold the bonds as soon as the
rebellion commenced, that they could have been
cashed at something even since that period. This
is not a question of law, but is a question of dis-
cretion, and on that point I beg leave to differ with
the Senator. As the trustee of this fund, the party
holding these bonds for the benefit of the Indians,
I do not deem that it would be wise/to sell them
in the market at this time, nor that it would have
been wise at any time since the rebellion com-
menced. I have full faith that we shall succeed
in compelling the people of the rebellious districts
to submit to the laws and the Constitution of the
United States, that they will be again States of
the Union, obedient to the Constitution and the
laws; and when that time shall arrive these bonds
of course will be worth more in the market than
at present; they will then sell for more in the
market than they will now command. But sup-
posing, what I think never will happen, that the
rebellious States should maintain their separate
existence, and should become an independent na-
tion, even in that case the bonds would be worth
more in the market than they now are. That
would not release the States from the obligations
to pay these bonds. They are obligations con-
tracted by them in their State capacity. State
obligations will not be vacated on account of a
separation, if such a thing were possible; so that,
looking at this question from every stand-point
taken by the Senator from Maryland, I think his
positions are-untenable.
But the Senator concludes his speech, as if he
distAisted the soundness of his logic, by an indig-
nant protest against the course which has been
pursued by the Government for the last three
years in relation to these bonds, and says that he
does this in the name of these poor helpless In-
dians. He says we have plundered these children
of the forests and the praines of their lands, of their
country, of their homes, of their wealth, and de-
mands to know if we will now withhold from them
what we owe them. This, Mr. President, is anas-
sumption of the whole question in controversy.
It assumes that the United States owe the In-
dians the par value of these bonds, when in the
opinion of the Committee on Indian Affairs, after
a full, candid, and thorough examination of the
subject, no such obligation exists. If the com-
mittee is correct in the conclusion that this Gov-
ernment is under no obligations to pay these
bonds, then refusing to pay the interest is no
wrong; and if not a wrong, then his indignation is
misapplied so far as tins transaction is concerned.
But he would make the Senate and the country
believe that we have been depriving them of their
land, robbing them of their patrimony, taking from
them theirpossessions, and amassing fortunes for
our own people, and aggrandizing ourselves at
their expense. I do not agree with him. I have
read much of this in books and some little in po-
etry; but having been born on the frontier, and
having become somewhat acquainted with these
people from contact with them, 1 am not prepared
to indorse the Senator's poetic notions of their
character, nor his denunciations of the conduct of
the Government. Who would have given more
for these Indian lands than was paid by the Uni-
ted Snites? He says we have been robbing these
Indians in the purchase of their land. I repeat,
who would have paid more for their land than has
been paid by the United States? When purchased
they were an unbroken wilderness, without roads
or bridges or means of egress or ingress, inhabited
by savages and wild beasts, with none of the ne-
cessary appendages and conveniences of civilized
life in reach. Who could have been induced to
make such a purchase? Certainly no one not
able to subdue a wilderness, and this required
the energy and power of a nation. These lands
were at the time of the purchase perfectly worth-
less in the market,and havebecome valuable only
after the expenditure of hundreds of millions of
money and the application of the labor and toil of
vast multitudes of frontier settlers who have ex-
hausted the energies of a lifetime in rendering the
country inhabitable. Sir, this glorification of the
Indian character, and the poetic tale of his wrongs
inflicted by this Government in the purchase of
their lands, is all a chimera, a phantom of a poetic
brain. We have paid to these Indians and in-
vested for their benefit millions of money for land's
that to them were valueless at the timein the mar-
kets of the world, and have thus brought to their
doors all the arts of a Christian civilization.
It is said in vindication of the idea suggested
by the Senator from-Maryland that these people
have been melting away. That is true, and it is
true of every savage people that come in contact
with civilized nations and. attempt to maintain
their separate existence. If they refuse to merge
into and become a part of the superior race, they
must necessarily be destroyed. It is a law of
humanity that is not necessarily involved in the
decision of the question now pending before the
Senate.
But the Senator in th'e conclusion of his speech
admitted that the larger portion of this money
would be due and payable to those who have beep
and still are in rebellion against the Government
of the United States, and appeals to us to pay at
least the interest on the bonds held for the ben-
efit of the loyal tribes. On what principle shall
this be done ? I have attempted to show, as the
committee believe and as the Senate has hereto-
fore maintained, that we are under no legal obli-
gation to pay it to the loyal tribes more than to
the disloyal. If the legal obligation does not ex-
ist, on what principle does he demand the pay-
ment of interest or the principal of those bonus
which are the property of loyal tribes? It can-
not be demanded on the principles of humanity,
for several of these tribes are wealthy; they own
more property per capita, as has been said to-day,
than the people of the United States at large.
Some of them are poor, very poor, and for these
provision has been made in a different manner.
By an amendment to this bill proposed by the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, we
have virtually confiscated the annuities due to the
disloyal tribes and authorized the proper officers
to pay them over to the loyal Indians in all cases
of suffering where, on the principles of human-
ity, relief is required. This provision embraces
all the refugee Indians who have been driven
from their homes. And nearly all of the remaining
tribes who hold any of these bonds are compar-
atively wealthy, and are sufficiently provided for
out of their own funds of a different character;
and in the few cases of tribes owning any of these
bonds, who are otherwise really poor and need
assistance, the committee has proposed direct
appropriations from the Treasury which the Sen-
ate has thus far approved; so that looking at this
question as a humanitarian, giving full scope to
the feelings of kindness and benevolence which
ought to characterize the conduct of a great na-
tion in its intercourse with a weak andfeeble peo-
ple, I can perceive no sufficient reason for reject-
ing the amendment proposed by the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs; itappears to me
to be a proper one, and, as I think, ought to be
sustained by the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish only to reply to a
remark made by the chairman of the Indian Com-
mittee, and by the Senator from Ohio, that the
whole system is bad, which is very likely, and
that the Indians are especially badly treated by
the agents sent out by this Government, which
is unquestionately correct to a great extent. They
frequently have, unfortunately, bad agents, dis-
honest agents; but I want to remind the Senators
'that while these agents and the wicked traders of
whom they speak take a portion of the Indians'an-
nuities, pilfer perhaps a dollar or a hundred dollars,
this amendment now proposes to take the whole.
In regard to the tribe to which we have had par-
ticular reference there is not a dollar appropriated
by this bill to them, and this Government has got
$319,000 of their money. Senators are virtuously
indignant that a few traders or agents should take
a few dollars er a few hundred dollars year by
year from these tribes; but, sir, their crime whit-
ens into innocence, it becomes pure as the light,
when compared with this transaction of confis-
cating the whole property of loyal, faithful Indi-
ans who have been true to the Government and
have responded even to the call of the country in
furnishing soldiers for the Army. I submit to *
Senators whether there can be much fairness in
the argument of men who become indignant over
the stealing of a few dollars and lead in a meas-
ure that takes the whole propeity of these Indi-
ans. I have not any apology to make for men
