1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who steal the annuities year by year, and much
less can I make an apology for the Senate or for
a committee that proposes to take the whole prop-
erty of these Indians as is now proposed by this
amendment.
Mr. President, we sustain such relations to
these people that they are in our hands as per-
fectly and as entirely dependent as the infant is in
the hands of the parent, and we can at any time
crush them by withholding what is just to them,
or we can sustain them and save them according
to the dictates of humanity and religion.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the Senator from
Kansas would not mislead the Senate intention-
ally.
Mr. POMEROY. No.
Mr. HARLAN. He'has stated there is no
appropriation in this bill for the Indian tribe to
which he refers, and leads us to infer that conse-
quently they are to get nothing. That case stands
in this way: most of their funds are invested in
bonds held by us, and the interest as it becomes
due is paid over to them, and consequently no
appropriation is necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator mean to
say that most of their funds are so invested ?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the greater part
of them are. Ninety thousand dollars is ifi the
bonds to which he has referred; but over two
thirds of the amount is jn interest-paying bonds,
and they are receiving the interest annually.
Mr. POMEROY. They had in addition $25,000
Pennsylvania bonds which the Government made
haste to sell even last year; and that money is all
the money which has been paid over to the tribe.
Mr. WILKINSON. With the permission of
the honorable Senator from Kansas I should like
to ask him what Indians he is referring to?
Mr. POMEROY. To the confederate bands
of Weas, Kaskaskias, Piankeshaws,and Peorias.
Mr. GRIMES. Why were the Pennsylvania
bonds sold ?
Mr. POMEROY. On account of the necessi-
ties of the tribe. Here is a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. They were sold
because the tribe were destitute, and that was the
only means the Government had to relieve them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The sale of the bonds
was authorized by a special .act.
Mr. POMEROY. The Commissioner says:
" The condition of said tribe is such, caused by losses sus-
tained m consequence of the war and the non-payment of
interest on bonds held in trust for them by the Department
of tile Interior, that they cannot be subsisted without ah
appropriation of some means for that purpose. Could an
appropriation lor the interest due them upon said bonds bef
made, it would relieve a suffering people, and, at the same
time, be doing an act of justice toward them."
We cannot disguise the fact that we hold the
money belonging to that tribe and other tribes in
our hands. To bo sure we invested it. They
told us we might, on consultation with them, in-
vest it. We have done it without consultation,
in violation of the treaty; and when their distress
came upon them, the Government had §25,000 of
Pennsylvania bonds which wereavailable, and in
their necessities the Government got a special act
passed by which they might sell the Pennsylva-
niabonds. They did sell them. Theyhavehad
that. That was last year. For the purposes of
this year I say there is no appropriation in this
appropriation bill to meet the necessities of this
tribe. The argument against this clause is that
it will commit the Government to pay the whole
debt. I do not infer any such thing. _ The Sen-
ator from Iowa has just said that the interest on
these bonds was paid regularly until within a fe w
years past, and he hopes it will be paid again in
a few years to come. So do I. All we ask of
the Government is to pay the interest accruing
during these few years. We do not ask them to
assume the principal. We ask that during these
few years, while these States are not paying, the
Government shall pay the pittance to the Indians
according to its agreement, according to the stipu-
lations of the treaty. When these bonds become
interest-paying again, as the Senator says they
will—he is rather'more hopeful than I am about
it—the Government of course will be relieved
from any further advance in this direction.
Mr. WILKINSON. I shall not detain the
Senate long in regard to this amendment offered
by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs to strike out this clause of the bill:
For payment of inteiest on $1,704^300 of non-paying
stocks held by the Secretary of the-Interior in trust for
various Indian tribes up to and including the interest pay-
able July r, 1864, $350,220 50.
This applies to some stocks which were pur-
chased under the old Democratic organization of
the Governm'ent when southern men ruled this
country. They invested pretty much all the
money that was due to the Indians In southern
stocks, the stocks of Florida and of South Car-
olina, and sometimes in the bonds of southern
towns and cities and villages. They invested a
large amount in the stocks of the'city, of Wheel-
ing. I would not say that they were looking for-
ward to this rebellion when they'were doing these
things; but it ran along for several years until Mr.
Manypenny,ofOhio,wasCommissionerofIndian
Affairs, and then he invested the money which
was in his bands in Ohio stocks. He was from
that State, and I am happy to say that I think he
was an honorable and upright man. Since the
breaking out of this rebellion three years ago the
same question which is now presented has been
considered, whether the Government should as-
sume to advance the interest on these State bonds
and other stocks held in trust for the Indians. We
decided two years ago after very full consultation
and consideration in the Indian Committee that
it was wrong, and the Senate and Congress sus-
tained the action of that committee by deciding
that the Government was'not legally bound to pay
this interest, and that under the circumstances it
was not morally bound to pay it.
The Cherokee Inc\ians held $655,500 of these
stocks, and the Choctaws held §452,000, making
$1,100,000 of those stocks held by those two tribes.
At the battle of Pea Ridge the Cherokees had an
entire regiment in that fight on the part of the
rebels, and the Choctawshad eight full compa-
nies. Those two tribes of Indians held the larger
portion of these stocks.
The Senator from Maryland says we oughtto
pay this interest because we allowed the rebellion
to break out, and because we have not put it down.
Sir, this money does not come out of James Buch-
anan; it comes out of the people of the country;
and 1 apprehend that they have done everything
in their power to put down this rebellion, and they
will continue to do so.
If we are not called upon legally and-morally
to pay this money, why should we impose this tax
of $300,000 now upon the people of this country?
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomekoy] urges
the case in behalf of the confederate tribes in Kan-
sas. It is true that they own a small amount of
these bonds, and a bill was introduced here pro-
viding that the Government should assume the
payment of the bonds and pass to the credit of
those Indians the sum of $80,000. The committee
did not wish to assume that position under the
circumstances; and hence they decided that they
would relieve those Indians for the time being,
and the Senator from Kansas who is a member of
the committee [Mr. Lane] agreed that the sum
of $5,000 was sufficient for this purpose. At least
I understand him so. After the committee de-
cided that it was not wise to establish now the
precedent of assuming the payment of the non-
interest paying bonds held in trust for the Indians
of Kansas, it was agreed that we shauid advance
to them whatever sum might be necessary for their
temporary relief, and I understand that the Sen-
ator from Kansas agreed to the sum fixed by the
committee, §5,000, as being sufficient.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does the Sena'or de-
sire an answer now?
Mr. WILKINSON. Either nowor when I get
through; it is immaterial. I so understood, but I
may be mistaken in that regard. The tribes in
Kansas own but very few of these bonds, and the
committee thought it better, instead of acknowl-
edging the principle that-the Government was lia-
ble for them, to pay them what might be neces-
sary for their support. Nearly all these bonds are
held by Indians who entered into this rebellion.
Before Mr. Lincoln took his oath of office Albert
Pike went among the Choctaw and Cherokee In-
dians and exerted such influence among them that
they repudiated this Government and went in for
the agents sent out there by the rebel government.
I presume that when the Government invested
these moneys for the Indians it invested them in
good faith. No one claims that we are in law
bound to pay the money. We do ntH owe the
debt. The bonds were on deposit in the proper
department:o'f the Government for the b^nehit'^f
the Indians; and the interest as it was received
upon the bonds was always paid Tb tfie Indians,
and would be now if we received the interest.
Are guardians responsible for the acts of God or
fo r the acts of the king's enemy ? The honorable
Senator from Maryland did not answer that ques-
tion when be was, discussing the law in this re-
gard. I say 5a trustee is not liable for the acts of
the enemies of the GovernmeAt. There is; no
legal liability in the case, and the question nOtv
is -whether it is wise for us" to establish this pre-
cedent when the greater proportion of these bonds
belong to Indians who are in rebellion'. " '
,1 know thai it is popular for gentlemen to talk
about the poor Indian; I know that it is popular
to invoke for the poor Indian the sympathy of
the Christian world. The Senator from Ohio^said
that the whole Indian system was wrong and
ought to be altered. Perhaps it ought to be al-
tered; but when that Senator can alter the phys-
ical geography of this country, when he can after
the character of the American people, when he
can say that they shall not emigrate" to new re-
gions, when he can say that they shall not run in
among the Indians, then he can get up a system
that will be regular and operate with perfect har-
mony all over this country. But I say, Mt.
President, you should take into consideration the
character of this nation; that it is utterly impos-
sible to get up a system that shall regulate the In-
dian affairs all over this country and carry them •
on smoothly and harmoniously for all time to
come. The character of the Indian country is
changing every six months. A gold mine is dis-
covered upon an Indian reservation and you may
as well undertake to dam up the Mississippi river
and prevent it flowing down toward the Gulf as to
stop the tide of emigration in this country. Our
people go wherever those developments open an
opportunity for wealth and prosperity.
This is the difficulty in regard to Indian affairs
in this country, and this is the reason why the ap-
propriations to take care of the Indians are neces-
sarily augmenterf every year. How many Ter-
ritories have we organizedduring 'the last Congress
and this ? Nevada, Colorado, Arizona, Idaho,and
Montana; and our people are rushing to those
Territories because they are rich in minerals. It
is a great wonder that we have been enabled to
get along in the management of the Indians as
well as we have.
It is very popular to say that Indian agents are
all dishonest, and that Indian superintendents are
all wicked and thieves. Sir, there are no offices
in the United States* the duties of which it is so.
difficult to execute as those of Indian agents and
Indian superintendents; and why? There are
always in all countries a miserable set of vaga-
bonds who hang around the border, who will sell
whisky to Indians arid goods to Indians, and
rob and plunder them. Then again the Indian
reservations are perhaps right where emigration
goes through, and it is almost utterly impossible
for these men to execute all that the country ex-
pects that they should execute.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like to aslf the
Senator a question. He has referred to the obli-
gations the Government entered into by treaty
stipulations with the Indians to prevent people
from encroaching on their reservations, and he
says that when gold mines are discovered there,
white people do encroach. Suppose they do, and
suppose that in that encroachment the Indian
suffers a very great wrong by reason of the Gov-
ernment permitting its citizens to be there in vio-
lation of the treaty, is not the Government bound
to make good whatever damage the Indians suffer
by reason of that violation ? I should like to have
an answer to that question.
Mr. WILKINSON. This Government pays
more to support the Indians, ten times more, than
it pays for the support of white men of this coun-
try. It was said here a few minutes ago by some
Senator that the Delawares were the richest peo-
ple on earth,and theyave. There are Indians in
the United States drawing more than a hundred
dollars a head for every man, woman, and child
m the nation. This Government has not been
mean to the Indians. The truth is that they are
a lazy, miserable, thriftless set of beings, andaf-
though we have spent millions upon millions of
dollars to give them hbmes- and farms and fur-'
nished them farmers to work their farms, and
