1864.1
APPENDIX TO TUE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE..
271
Laws of the United States.
38ih CONG.... 1ST SfeS;
relinquish, or convey, the whole or any part of
any lot, tract, piece, or parcel of land in said
township which has heretofore been confirmed
and surveyed by the United States to any person
or persons, or to the legal representatives of any
person or persons: And provided further, That
nothing in this act shall in any manner abridge,
divest, impair, injure, or prejudice, any adverse
right, title, or interest of any perso'n or persons
in or to any portion or part of the aforesaid lots,
tracts, pieccs, or parcels ofland which are granted,
relinquished, or conveyed by this act.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Lieutenant William P. Richner, Seventy-Sev-
enth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to cause to be paid to William
P. Richner, first lieutenant company H seventy-
seventh regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the pay and emoluments of a first lieu-
tenant, from the thirty-first day of December,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one,to thethirty-first
day of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, June 30, 1864.
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
the Estate of B. P. Kendall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
theTreasary Department be, and they arc hereby,
authorized to allow, in the settlement of the ac-
counts of B. P. Kendall, deceased, late superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for Washington Terri-
tory, the sum of two thousand one hundred and
eight dollars and thirty cents, the same being the
amount shown to have been disbursed by him in
liis lifetime, and for which no vouchers were to be
found.
Approved, June 30,'1864.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act to authorize the Secre-
• tary of the Interior to issue a Land Warrant to
Richard Fitch, of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to issue
a land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of
land to Richard Fitch, of Ohio, in consideration of
military services rendered in the Army of the Uni-
ted States during the lastwar with Great Britain.
Approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCVU.—- An Act for the Relief of George
F. Nesbitt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That George F. .Nesbitt be, and he is
hereby, authorized and empowered to put an end
to his'contract with the United States, entered
into with the X3ostmaster General on the twenty-
seventh day of March, anno Domini eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, for furnishing the Post
Office Department with stamped envelopes and
newspaper wrappers, on givmglo thePostmaster
General sixty days' notice in writing.
approved, July 1, 1864.
Chap. CCVIU.—An Act for the Relief of Ida
Hoffman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretaty of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Ida Hoffman, widow of the late Solomon Hoff-
man, of Carroll county, Indiana, who was shot
and instantly killed on the fourteenth day of
March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, while
engaged m the performance o£ the duties of depu-
ty provost marshal, on the roll of pensioners, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
from the fourteenth day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-throe, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Approved, July 1,1864.
Chap. CCXXV1I.—An Act for the Relief of
Richard G. Murphy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United mates of Americain Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
R.ichard G. Murphy, of Minnesota, formerly In-
dian agent, for services and expenses in the re-
moval of Sioux Indians, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three, the sum of sixhun-
dred dollars.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CC&XVIII —An Act for the Relief of the
Widow of C. A. Haun.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized to place the name of
Mrs. C. A. Haun, of the county of Greene and
State of Tennessee, on the pension roll at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on the
eleventh day of December, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap.CCXXIX.-
-An Act for the Relief of John
Williams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Quartermaster General be,
and he is hereby, authorized to audit and" pay the
account of John Williams, for twenty-five coids
of wood, at two dollars and seventy-five cents
per cord, delivered by said Williams to the Uni-
ted States, atOshkosh, Wisconsin, under a con-
tract made with the quartermaster of the twenty-
first regiment Wisconsin volunteers, said account
amounting to sixty-eightdollarsand seventy-five
cents, to be paid out of any money which has
been, or may hereafter be, appropriated for de-
fraying the expenses of the bureau of said Quar-
termaster General.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXX.—An Act for the Relief of Major
N. S. Brenton, a Paymaster in the United
States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are here-
by, authorized and required to allow Major N.
S. Brenton, on the settlement of his accounts, a
credit of two million six hundred thousand dol-
lars for nnm'ey in Tiis "Rands as paymaster i" the
Army, on board the steamer Ruth, and destroyed
by fire on the night of the fourth of August, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, " if on examining
the evidence by the Paymaster General, he, the
said Paymaster General, shall deem him justly
entitled to said credit; but such credit shall not
be allowed without the said Paymaster General
shall certify his approval thereof.1'
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam Sawyer and others, of the State of Ohio.
Whereas by the treaty of Saint Mary's with
the Miami Indians, of October six, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, the west half of section num-
ber twenty-six, the east half of section number
twenty-eight, and section number twenty-seven,
lying in the county of Auglaize and State of Ohio,
were reserved and granted to Joseph Richardville
and Joseph Richardvillc, junior; and whereas all
of said lands have since been sold in several par-
cels to divers persons by the United States and
by the State of Ohio, under and by virtue of a
grant from the United States; and whereas, by
virtue of a judicial sale upon a judgment rendered
against the said Joseph Richardville,junior, sur-
vivor and sole heir-at-law of the said Joseph
Richardville, senior, the title gtanted to the said
Joseph Richaidviile,senior, and Joseph Richard-
ville, junior, by said treaty, in alt of said lands,
has become vested in one Madison Sweetser,the
purchaser at said «uh-: and wheieas the s.-ud
Madison Sweetser has established his title to said
lands by sundry judgments in ejectment, recov-
ered in the circuit court of the United States for
the northern district of Ohio, against the tenants
in possession, holding under titles derived, di-
rectly or indirectly, from the United States as
aforesaid: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and required to cause
the unimproved value of the said tracts of land to
be ascertained, by the valuation and assessment*
of a commissioner to be appointed by him for that
purpose, and which commissioner shall, before
no proceeds to the assessment and valuation of
the same, take an oath faithfully and impartially
to perform his duties as such commissioner. And
when the said Secretary of the Interior shall thud
ascertain the unimproved value of said lands he
shall report the same to the House of Represent-
atives at the earliest practicable moment.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
Martha Jane Skaggs.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to place
the name of Martha Jane Skaggs, widow of
Alfred Sykas Skaggs, late a piivate of company
E, of the twenty-seventh regiment of Kentucky,
and who died atElizabethtown,Kentucky,on tne
twenty-seventh day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, upon the pension roll from the said
twenty-seventh day of January, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, at the rate ofeight
dollars per month, to continue during her widow-
hood.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXIII—An Act for the Relief of
Eliza Cass Woodbudge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secietary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized to place the name
of Eliza Cass Woodbridge, of tho State of Michi-
gan, the widow of Major Francis Woodbridge,
deceased, on the roll of tho Pension Office, at the
rate of twenty dollars per month, during her
natural life and her widowhood, and that said
pension shall date from the firstday of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXIY.—An Act to amend an Act
'entitled "An Art to enable the Trustees of the
Blue Mont College to preempt a. certain Quar-
ter Section of Land," approved March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-onp.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An act to ena-
ble the trustees of the Blue Mont College topre-
empta certain quarter section of land," approved
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be,
and is hereby, so amended as to authorize the
legally constituted trustees of said college to
locate on said tract ofland any military bounty
land warrant or land warrants issued under the
military bounty land wairant act of eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, said warrants being the
property of said college, in the name and for the
benefit and use of said college, said location to be
made in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the General Land Office, and not inconsistent
with the provisions of this act.
Approved, July 2, 1864.
Chap. CCXXXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Sarah Robinson, Widow of Hon. John L.
Robinson, late United States Marshal for the
Distiict of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized to credit to the
account of Hon. John L. Robinson, late United
