2T&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 28,
S8tk (Me... <lsE'S®S&-:
Laws of the United States.
fifties marshal with said Department, the su«i
of six-hundred'and seventy-five dollars for ser-
vices rendere<H>y' sard deceased in making prep-
arations for the taking of the census^of eighteen
hundred and sixty; and thati-n the legal adjudica-
tion of the accounts of the said marshal, judgment
thereon shall be rendered only for the balance
found to be due.
Approved, July 2,. 1864.' • *
Chap. CCXXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
• " Dr. Charles' M". Wetherill.
Be it enaetedby the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives erf the ijnited Statesof Amerieain Congress,
assembled,-,Ttw-t'the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and'^q'ts. liereby, authorized and directed td
f'ny.io tfe. C. M.'Wet'herill, the suip, of s,e'ven
u d red and fifty dollars, in full for 'Kis, services
as chemist, of1 th.e Agricultural Department, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, ' ,
Approved, July 2,1864. ■
Chap. CCLI.V.—An Act for the Relief of John
' C. McCormell,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That llie Secretary of the Treasury
be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to John C. McC'o'nnell, the stim of two thou-
sand dollars,'out of any money in the Treasury
riot otherwise appropriated, in full payment for
Wone'y advanced arid service rendered in raising
tVoops in the State of Maryland.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Chap. CCLV.—An Act for the Relief of Horace
Gates.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, .directed to place the name of
Horace Gates, of Franklin, in the State of Ver-
mont, upon the roll of invalid pensions at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the first day of January, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and continue during his natural
life.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
Ciiap. CCLVI.—An Act for the Relief of Richard
G. Murphy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to
pay to Major Richard G. Murphy, out of an,y
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of eighteen hundred dollars, in full,
for that nmount charged to and paid by him as
agent for the Sioux Indians, upon false vouchers
transmitted to the Indian Bureau by Willis A.
Gorman, late superintendent of Indian affairs for
the northwestern superintendency.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Solicitor of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, re-
quired and directed forthwith to cause to be com-
menced against the said Willis A. Gorman such
suits ns'lie may deem proper for the recovery of
any money which the stud Gorman may have
wrongfully obtained from the Treasury.
Approved, July 4, 1864.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 33.—-Joint Resolution authorizing Payment
of Prize Money due to Commander Xbner
Road, U. S. Navy, to his Widow, Constance
Read.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby,authorized
to pay to Mrs. Constance Read, widow of Com-
mander Aimer Read, late of the United States
Navy, the share of prize money due, or to be-
come due, to the said Abner Read, for prizes taken
by the United States vessel New London, while
under his command, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-one; taking, upon such payment, the
receipts of thcBaid Abner Read, placed by him
in the brands of said Constance, to enable her to
collect said prize money- her own use.
A#pij.oved, February 29, 1864.
No. 19.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Settle-
ment of the Accounts of J. N. Carpenter, a
Paymaster in the United States Navy.
Be it resolved by the Senile and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the pioper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, author-
ized, in settling the accounts of J. N. Carpen-
ter, paymaster in the XJ. S. Navy, to allow and
credit him with the sum of two hundred dollars,
the same being the value of articles of clothing
Stolen from the U. S. sloop " Saratoga," after
Said vessel had been put out of commission at
Philadelphia, in January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three.
Approved, March 16, 1864.
No. 33.—Joint Resolution relating to Green Clay
' - Goodloe.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That nothing in ati act entitled "An
act making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June thirti-
eth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five," approved,
April first, eighteen hundred and sixry-four,shall
be so construed as to prevent the reappoint-
ment of Green Clay Goodloe, by the President
of the United States, to a cadetslup at said Mili-
tary Academy,
Approved, May 20, ]864.
No. 34.—Joint Resolution referring the Claim of
J. H. Clark & Co. to the Court of Claims.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Amet icain Congress
assembled, That the <'luirn of J H Clark & Co.,
heretofore pending befoie Congress, be, and the
same hereby is, refened to the Court of Claims.
Approved, May 26, 1864.
No. 36.—Joint Resolution to settle the Account
of James Keenan, late Consul at Hong Kong,
China.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secietai y of the Tieasury is
dhected to settle the account of James Keenan,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, by allowing
him two thousand eight hundred and one dollars
an4 ejghty-four cents, the amount of judgment
in certain easoe obtained against him and paid by
him; and also to pay him the amount incurred by
him in the exchange between the countries, what-
ever it may be, and charge him with any balance
on the books of the Treasury against him, and
to pay him the balance, if any appears in his
favor, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 2, 1864.
No. 37.—Joint Resolution relative to the Claim
and Letters-Patent of William Wheeler Hub-
bell.
Whereas William Wheeler Hubbell claims
compensation for the use of his patent for the
thunderbolt shell and fuse, which iie claims were :
patented by him, and have been used by the Gov- j
ernment, under a verbal contract, as he alleges, \
between him and the late George Bonifoid, col- i
onetof ordnance of the United States, and for the !j
use ofhis patent percussion apparatus for explod- ''
ing shells, and said letters-patent are dated Jan- j
uary twenty-two, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
reissued January nineteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, for fourteen years for the shell, January
seven, eighteen hundied and sixty-two, for seven-
teen years for the fuse, and January twenty-four, j
eighteen hundied and sixty, for fourteen years
for the percussion device; and whereas the testi-
| mony in support of said claim submitted with said
j patents, and especially with regard to the validity
I of the same and the verbal contract aforesaid, is
| very voluminous, and the shells and fuses in the
i service, which said Hubbell claims, are made and !
used in great numbers by the Government, and
this committee feel that they have neither the
time nor means for procuring witnesses and giving
the case the careful legal investigation which its
importance demands: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Hoxise of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Americain Congress
assembled, That the claim of William Wheeler
Hubbell be referred to the Court of Claims, which
is hereby vested with jurisdiction, and whose duty
it shall be to investigate and determine—
First. Is William Wheeler Hubbell the origin-
al inventor of the shell and fuse and percussion
device aforesaid, or either of them, and has he a
just and equitable right to compensation for the
same; and
Second. What amount of compensation is he
entitled to receive for the use of his inventions
and patents, as claimed, up to the time of adjudi-
cation, and for a full and entire transfer of his
patents to the United States.
Third. And be it further resolved, That either
party may appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States within ninety days, and the Court
of Claims shall certify any judgment that may
be rendered in favor of said William Wheeler
Hubbell, his heirs or legal representatives, in the
same manner, and the same when presented to
the Secretai y of the Treasury shalLhave the same
effect as now provided by law, and be paid out
of any general appropriation in relation to judg-
ments of said court, or for private claims: Pro-
videdf That the sum hereby authorized to be paid
shall not exceed one hundred thousand dollars,
which sum the claimant agrees to accept in full
of all claims whatever by virtue of said patents
and contract against the Government. And the
payment of such judgment shall vest the full and
absolute right to said patents in the United States.
Approved, June 3, 1864.
No. 44.—A Joint'Resolution for the Relief of
Rev. W. B. Matchett.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Paymaster General of the
United States, be authorized and directed to ad-
just and pay to W. B. Matchett the amount due
him as chaplain of the tenth regiment of New
York volunteers, from the time up to which he
was last paid to the time said regiment was mus-
tered out of serviee.
Approvld, June 20, 1864.
No. 48.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Major
Morris S. Miller, of the Quartermaster's De-
partment.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentativet of the. United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to credit the account of Major Mor-
ns S. Miller, quartermaster United States Army,
with the sum of about thirty-seven thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as was paid by him dur-
ing the years eighteen hundred and fifty-nfneand
eighteen hundred and sixty, to the respective
firms of Russell, Majors & Waddell, Brown &
Russell, and Majors & Russell, upon the orders
of the Secretary of War and the Quartermaster
General, or either of them.
Approved, June 25, 1864.
No. 52.—Joint Resolution to declare the con-
struction ot a Joint Resolution for the Relief of
W. B. Matchett, approved Junetwenty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four. °
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congrehs
assembled, That the above-en titled joint resolution
shall be construed to authorize and direct the
Paymaster General of the United States to adjust
the account ot W. B. Matchett, chaplain of the
tenth regiment of New York volunteers, and pay
him the amount of the pay and allowances of a
chaplain for and during the period that said regi-
ment was in the service of the United States, and
up to the time the same was mustered out of ser-
vice, deducting the amount heretofore paid him
as such chaplain.
Approved, June 28, 1864.
