1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
agine that the inhabitants of earth may yet be-
come as perfect as the inhabitants of the higher
spheres, who, according to clairvoyant philoso-
phers, are ineapable of deceit and cannot speak at
all without speaking the truth. But in the nine-
teenth century, and with our present imperfect
'means of penetrating men's real purposes, we
must rely upon the old-fashioned oath of alle-
giance, as the best criterion of their rectitude or
want of it.. It is the test*which has been used in
Government since the morning stars sang to-
gether; it was used in the construction of our
present system,and must be used in the recon-
struction if we are to commence the work of reno-
vation by separating the true from the false, the
loyal from the disloyal, the wheat from the tares.
It is objected to tins plan that it pardons the
rebel on condition of his doing a certain thing,
and requires the loyal man to do the same thing
before he can participate in a State government.
The Supreme "Court of the United States has unan-
imously decided that from the 13th day of July,
1861, the date of the approval of the non-inter-
course act, there has been between the Govern-
ment and the confederate States a civil territorial
war; and it is laid down as a principle in the same
momentous decision that " the laws of war,
whether the war be civil or inter gentcs, convert
every citizen of a hostile State in to a public enemy
and treat him accordingly." From the outbreak
of this rebellion to the present hour, on the non-
intercourse act, on the confiscation act, on the
conscription act, on every vigorous and earnest
measure of legislation the gentlemen on the other
side of the House have importunately invoked
the Constitution and the laws, and here they have
them, in full measure and running over; law cer-
tain, but law inexorable, as it was in Shylock's
case; law not according to the Solicitor of the
War Department, but Taw according to the su-
preme arbiter of mooted constitutional questions.
Since the adoption of the Constitution the court
has devoted itself almost exclusively to the study
and interpretation of its peace side, and out of it
they have extracted power and authority enough
foi all the emergencies of peace and for all tne
operations and enterprises of a tranquil society.
When the judges shall have given to its war side
one tithe of the attention and study which they
have given to its peace side, they will discover
power enough for all the emergencies of war;
power enough for self-defense,.whether the Gov-
ernment it organizes is attacked in the guise of
secession or of revolution; power enough to in-
flict full and exemplary punishment upon all who
assail it, whether they are seceders, rebels, trai-
tors, or publicenemies. The decision in the prize
cases is the first fruit of these new studies, cov-
ering byii^vast sweep all the war legislation that
has been so severely ciiticised and so savagely re-
buked. Before the 13th of July it might or might
not have been, according to the judges, a personal
war. Before that time it might or might not have
been that the only enemy the Government could
recognize was the person engaged in the rebellion,
as the opponents of the Administration have clam-
orously asserted, and that all others were peace-
ful citizens, entitled to ail the rights and privileges
of citizenship under the Constitution. But since
the non-intercourse act no such claim can be made,
fur the point is authoritatively settled by the agree-
ment of all the judges that from that time the per-
sonal war became a civil territorial «j«r,givi g to
the United States full belligerent rights against
all (he inhabitants of the rebellious districts, and
converting them all, in the eye of the law, into
public enemies.
it docs not by any means follow that because
the rebels have forfeited all constitutional rights
and constitutional guarantees, they have thereby
absolved themselves from constitutional obligation.
They are " none the less enemies because they are
traitors," says Judge Grier, and he might have
said that they have not ceased to be traitors be-
cause they are enemies. In other words, the
President may elect to pursue them either as ene-
mies or traitors, by the Constitution or by the
laws of war. If he elects to pursue them as trai-
tors, he must pursue them in accordance with the
constitutional definition of treason and by the
mode and with the limitations it clearly indicates
in the section devoted to that crime. If he elects
to pursue them as enemies, there is no limit and
restmint upon his discretion but the laws of war.
The Duke of Cumberland, when in 1745 he sub-
dued the Scotch rebels, could have tried them all
at a drum-head court-martial, or handed them over
to the civil tribunals to be tried according to the
laws of England defining treason.
Here, then, you have it. It is "so nominated
in the bond," that within that boundary u marked
by a line of bayonets," every citizen, whatever
his conduct, whether Union or rebel,loyal or dis-
loyal, is a public enemy and liable to be treated
as such. Now, is it not rather too late in the day
to declare that all withm that line do not need par-
don before they can be restored to the rights of
citizenship which they haveg&rfeited as public
enemies? It is not, as has b*n stated by some,
a " superfluous boon" which the President tend-
ers to the loyal man, nor has he adroitly blended
together the conditions of pardon with qualifica-
tions for citizenship. It was with a full knowl-
edge and understanding of the effect and operation
of this decision in the prize cases, and from his
conviction that a man who had never swerved
from his allegiance might be caught in the meshes
of this legal implication that induced the Presi-
dent to disregard the broad moral distinction be-
tween the two classes, and to extend his clemency
to all who hi legal contemplation were public ene-
mies. In the very opening sentence of his proc-
lamation he offers it to all who have " directly or
by implication" participated in the rebellion.
Let me now for a moment examine more in de-
tail the terms of the President's plan. In the first
place he requires thatall who accept his clemency
shall swear "to henceforth faithfully support,
protect, and defend the Constitution of the United
^States,and the Unionthereunder." That thisis
a just and righteous demand fiom all who have
"directly or by implication" participated in the
rebellion, the mostscrupulous and tender-hearted
apologist for our " wayward sisters" will hardly
venture to deny.
In the second place he requires from them an
oath to abide by and support all the anti-slavery
legislation of Congress during the existing rebel-
lion, so long and so far as it is not abrogated by
the national Legislature nor declared void by a
decision of the Supreme Court. Now, inasmuch
as by the Constitution itself the Constitution and
the laws made in pursuance of it are declared to
be the supreme law of the land, there is no great
hardship in requiring both from the loyal and dks-
loyal inhabitants of the insurgent States an oath
to support the supreme law of the land, so long
as it continues to be valid and unrevoked.
In the third place the President requites from
the recipient of executive clemency an oath to sus-
tain the proclamation emancipating slaves, so
long and so far as it is not in validated by supreme
judicial decision. Whether the proclamations
were constitutional or not is not here thrquestion,
for this is waived by the essential qualification of
the oath, and left where it must eventually go, to
our supreme judicial tribunal. If the pioclama-
tion is pronounced by the judges unconstitutional
the oath is void; if constitutional, it merely binds
the conscience of the affirmant to sustain the Ex-
ecutive of the United States, in a time of grievous
national peril, in the exercise of his legitimate
powers.
In the fourth place the President's plan with-
holds slaves in the general restitution.
And it is upon this point that in my judgment
the most serious differences of opinion will arise
to those who hold that rebels who adjure the Con-
stitution and wage war for its destruction are en-
titled to all the rights which it guaranties, and can
only be pursued by constitutional penalties; both
the emancipation of slaves and the refusal to re-
store them will seem the greatest of enormities.
To those who hold that the inhabitants of the in-
surgent Slates have forfeited all their rights under
the Constitution,and are public enemies in a state
of war, with no rights but such as the law of
nations accords to belligerents, the condition now
under consideration will be regarded only as the
infliction of just and merited punishment.
Round these conflicting theories, from the filing
upon Sumter to the present hour, proposition and
reply, assertion and rejoinder, have raged and
stormed as when—
" From peak to peak, the rattling crags among,
Leaps the live thunder."
It seems to me, however, as I have already
; stated, that the Supreme Court of the United States
has closed the high debate and pronounced judg-
ment to which we are all bound deferentially to
bow. The judges have unanimously agreed in
affirming that a civil wa.r between the Govern-'
ment and the confederate States has existed for
two years and a half, and that a civil war carries
with it all the legal consequences of war. Now,
what are these legal consequences ? They are gath-
ered together from Vattel,Phillimore, and Whea-
ton, and compendiously summed up in the opinion
of Justice Nelson, in the prize cases, 2 Black., 687:
"The legal consequences resulting from a state of war
between two countries at tins day an; well understood, and
will be found described in everyappioved work on the sub-
ject of international law. The people of the two count-ties
become immediately the enemies of each other—all inter-
course, commercial or otherwise, between them unlawiul
—all contracts existing at the commencement of the war
suspended, and all made during its existence utterly void.
The insurance ot enemies' property, the diawmg of bills
of exchange or purehaj-e on the enemies* country, the re-
mission oi bills or money to it are illegal and void. Exist-
ing partnerships between citizens or subjects of the two
countries are dissolved, and, in fine, interdiction of trade
and intercourse, direct or indirect, is absolute and complete
by the mere force and effect of win itself. Ail the-property
of the people of the two countries on land or sea are siitject
to capture and confiscation by the adverse party as enemies'
property, with ceitain qualifications as jtrespeet* property
on land, (Rrown rs. United States, Srranch, 110,) all trea-
ties between the belligerent parties are annulled. The ports
of the respective countries may be blockaded, and letters*
of marque and reprisal granted as rights of war, and the
law of prizes as defined by the law of nations comes into
full and complete opetation, resulting trom maritime cap-
tures, jure belli. YV.ar also eflVcf a change in the mutual
telations of all States or countries, not duectly, as in the
case of the belligetents, but immediately and indirectly,
though they take no part in the contest, but remain neu-
tral.
" This great and pervading change in the existing condi-
tion of a country, and in the relations ot all her citizens or
subjects, extern.il and internal, from a atate of pcace, is the
immediate effect and result of a state of war."
If this be so, if, in the language of the court,
"all the property of the people of the two coun-
tries, on land and sea, are subject to confiscation
and capture by the adverse party, as enemy's
propetty," I do not see how the conclusion can
be evaded that the slave property of the insur-
gent States was lawful spoil and prey of war,
and that the President, as Commandei-in-Chie£
and sole judge of military necessities, was author-
ized in taking the services of the slaves from their
masters, in the only efficacious way it could be
done, by an edict of ^mancipation. He found
back of the heavy legions of armed rebels, back
of the bayonets and artillery which, at Corinth,
at Murfieesboio', at Richmond, were aimed at
the nation's life, back of Lee and Jackson and
Beauregard and Bragg and the whole multitudin-
ous host,four million men pressed into the hated
and loathsome business of feeding, clothing, and
sustaining their enemies and ours. He found in
the slave the bone and sinesv and muscle of the
social state that was hulling upon us death and
destruction, the body of thegiim Colossus that
was clutching the nation's throat, the forage, the
subsistence, the transportation, the labor, the
architect, the operative, the intrenching-tool of
the foe. To the slave it was due that a remorse-
less conseiiption could skin the land of white
men, and drive all, from the " whining school-
boy 99 to the 41 lean and slippered pantaloon," into
the fighting ranks of the rebellion. And must
the Commander-in-Chief of the Federal At my
withhold his hand from this immense arsenal of
strength and powerand victoiy ? What! not break
the bone, not sever the sinew, not rend the muscle,
notseize thesubsistence, the wealth, the material,
not tear out the heart of the rebellion, when they
were all at his mercy by the laws of war? What
folly, what imbecility, whattreacheiy to the peo-
ple, what perfidy to the Government, would such
a refusal imply! Military necessity ! Why, at
the time of the proclamation we were reeling
and staggering under well-delivered and repeated
blows. Theeleetions were againstus. The pub-
lic sentiment of the world was cold and menacing.
England stood ready to avenge the defeats and
jealousies of a century by pouncing upon us in
our weakness, and an alliance with the confed-
eracy was a part of Napoleon's plan of transat-
lantic aggrandizement. Name the nation that
was ever more severely pressed at home and
abroad; name the-instance in the tide of time
where such a necessity was more paramount,
when a measure was more unavoidable to save a
realm from everlasting overthrow, on the one
hand, and upon the other to secure for it a glory
