1864.
THE CONCESSIONAL €rL01®.
in. They were only to be consulted by the Pres-
ident of the United States, who by the treaty was
authorized to make the investment, as to how
much should be invested in stocks, and how much
should be paid to them; butasto what stocks the
money should be invested in, and as to what
changes might be made in the investment in the
future, there was unqualified liberty vested in the
President to regulate that matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask-the Sen-
ator from Iowa, if that be the true construction of
the treaty, and I apprehend he is right, could the
President make any investment of any amount
until that amount was agreed upon with the In-
dians upon consultation? Was itnotall a breach
of trust?
Mr. GRIMES. It is not denied, as I under-
stand, on the part of anybody that there was
proper consultation between the President and
these Indians at the time the in vestment was made.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On the contrary, I
say to the Senator from Iowa that the evidence
before the Indian Committee is that the President
did not consult with the Indians, but that at the
time the purchase was made the Indians had an
application to have the entire sum paid over to
them.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand my colleague
right the? reverse; and as is well suggested to me
by the Senator from Ohio, they subsequently re-
ceived the interest from year to year, and there-
fore ratified any action that might have been had;
but I understand that there is an issue between
the Senator from Kansas and my colleague as to
that point.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should Jike to hear
the Senator's colleague.
Mr. HARLAN. I have stated that I am not
aware of any evidence that the treaty was not
executed as provided for. I do not remember
any testimony that has ever appeared before the
Committee on Indian Affairs to indicate that the
proper consultations were not had at the time.
Mr. POMEROY. With the consent of my
colleague, I will read from a remonstrance of the
chief of the ti ibe ofPeorias, in which he states:
" fly the treaty of the 30th of May, 1854, provision was
made foi the sale of the principal part of the lands of our
people in K.in>ah. And liie s-evemh article of s>aid treaty
it is provided, in reference to the proceeds of such sale,
thatnhe President should from time to time, upon consult-
ation with our people, determine how much of the net
proceeds should be pawl to our people, and how much
should be vested in safe and profitable stocks, the interest
theieon to be paid annually ; yet when the safes in June
and July, 1H57, were over this? just and important piovision
of the treaty was wholly disregarded, and the entire pro-
ceeds of the sales, amounting to .$346,791 in gold, were,
without any consultation with our people, and against our
con>ent, taken away by the Government, ami $319,602
thereof vested in stocks neither safe nor profitable."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In addition I will say
to the Senator from Iowa that we had before our
committee a letter from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, admitting that the money was in-
vested without consultation with the Indians. I
do not know that the Senator was present when
it whs read in the committee.
"Mr. GRIMES. The Commissioner who made
the investment, Mr. Manypunny, or the present
one ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It goes back.
Mr. GRIMES. Shall we, in a question of this
kind that is to settle a precedent that may burden
the Treasury with millions of dollars, rely upon a
loose statement of the present Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, who knows nothing as to what
may have occurred at the time this treaty was
made years ago between the then Commissioner
of Indian Affairs and the Ind ians ? How does it
happen that the Senator from Kansas and the In-
dian Committee have not obtained information
ftom Mr. Many penny in order to enable us to set-
tie so important a question as this underetand-
ingly? for it is virtually an assumption on our
part to pay the debt, whatever it may he, that
may he due to these Indians, not only the interest,
but the principal.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose that when J
the Secretary of the Interior communicates to the I
Committee on Indian Affairs a fact of that kind, j
he is governed by the records of the Department, i
Mr. GRIMES. Do the records show a want >
of consultation? i
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 do not now recol- j
lect; I speak of the letter from memory. Now I i
desire the ear of the Senator from Minnesota. He
has said that this particular tribe of Indians live
in a good country, and that there is nothing to
prevent them from raising their corn, and their
nogs, and their cattle. 1 tell the Senator that there
is. When this rebellion commenced, they had all
the comforts that he had; they had homes, they had
stock, they had their fields. By this rebellion,
situatedas they are upon the border between Kan-
sas and Missouri, their country has been devas-
tated by the armies of both parties.
Mi\ WILKINSON. X have no doubt that that
to a considerable extent is true, and it proves what
I attempted to state before, that it is not'so much
the Indian system as the people living around the
Indians that destroy them. Bills have been brought
in here, coming, 1 think, from the Senator frum
Kansas, to pay Indians for horses and cattle,
which thepeople round about them have stolen
from them. I have no doubt the Indian system
might be improved; I have no doubt that there are
grave errors in it; but the people in the State of
Kansas have no more regard for the Indians in
that State than they have for the beast that per-
ishes; and it is from the people living around them
that they are robbed and plundered, and not from
our Indian system.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do protest against
the Senator from Minnesota judging the people
of Kansas by the people of Minnesota. In the
intercourse of our people with the Indians they
are governed by a Christian and philanthropic
principle that I fear does not reach the people that
the Senator represents. The country where these
Indians live, before this rebellion commenced,
was rich in all that the Senator would have them
rich in. They had their stock, they had their
hogs, they had their corn. The Government
agreed to defend them against their enemies; the
Government failed to defend them; and now they
are reduced to starvation; and the question pre-
sented to the Senate is, will you pay them what
you owe them, $14,010, or will you according to
the policy of the Senator from Minnesota pre-
sent them with §5,000 and permit the $14,000 to
stand?
A word now as to my action on the commit-
tee. The Senator from Minnesota knows that I
did everything I could to have the Committee on
Indian Affairs report in favor of the payment of
this interest. After I failed in that I was will-
ing to accept $5,000 or any other amount for the
relief of these people. Five thousand dollavs to
a starving people will be a boon for which, in my
opinion, they will thank you; but they would
much rather, as I would, that you should pay
them what you owe them; and, Mr. President,
I do hope that my amendment will be adopted,
and that then the amendment of the committee
will be rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kansas to the
clause proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 trufet no one has any ob-
jection to this amendment, which is simply that
in case the money shall be paid it shall be paid
only to the loyal tribes.
Mr. WILKINSON. If this amendmentshould
be adopted it will be necessaiy to change the ap~
proptiation from $350,000 to a less sum.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I propose to alter
the #1,700,000 to $98,000, and the $350,000 to
$34,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to add to the clause proposed to be stricken out
the words " But no part of said appropriation
shall be paid to any Indian tribe who now are or
who have been in rebellion against the United
Suites."
Mr, JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 17, nays 15; as follows:
YfiAS—Messis. Anthony. Oollamer, Doolittle. Fpssen-
] den, Foot, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nesmuh, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew,Chandler, Conncss,
i Davis. Giimes, llarlan, Hijndnck«, Hicks, Howard, Howe,
Saubburv, Sherman, t^piaguc, and Wilkinson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. t'arlite, (,'iaik, Cowan, Dixon, Fos-
ter, Hale. Harding, Harris, Oondeij-or^McDougail, Powell,
llameey,' Richardson, Riddle, Ten Eyck, Willey, and
Wright—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. The question',
now" refcurs on striking out the clause as amended.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Inow moveto'amend
the clause by inserting $98,00$ as the principal
sum, and $14,010 25 as the appropriation form*
terest. . ; -
Mr; POMEROY. The amendment of my col-
league will hot make the clause complete. 1 hare
ti substitute for the whole clause which I think
will meet his views.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Kan-
sas has a distinct proposition to pay the Weas
and Piankeshaws, ana acknowledge the debt to
them, let that be offered as a separate section, and
the sense of the Senate talten upon it. I prefer
now to take the sense of the Senate on striking
out this clause which embraces all the Indian
tribes. '
Mr. POMEROY. A substitute for the whole
section I believe is not now in order; but I will read
what I have prepared for the information of ray
colleague, and I think he will accept it:
That the confederate bands of Weas, Piankeshaws, Kas-
kaskias, and Peorias be allowed the interest of $98,000 at
five per cent, per annum, this amount being the non inter-
est-paying bonds belonging to said' confederate bands, the
interest to be paid semi-annually, beginning on the lstday
of Jaimaiy, 1865; and the interest accruing up to the 1stday
of July, 1864, at the Said rate shall be due and payable on.
that day. . 0
Mr. WILKINSON. I am willing to vote
$14,000 for the benefit of these Indians; but the
committee decided not to recognize the principle
of paying this interest. Now, what will be the
result' of it? They will say that we have .estab-
lished the principle here that the Government is
holden legally to pay this interest; and the other
Indians, even those in rebellion, will afterwards
come in and get it. That is the judgment of the
committee; and I think the chairman expressed
himself in that way. We are willing to have this
amendment, and would have passed it in the In-
dian Committee if the Senator from Kansas, who
is a member of that committee, had not told ua
that $5,000 would be sufficient, a d we reported a
hill to thateffect. 1 presume, however, the Seriate
will have no objection to voting $14,000 to the con-
federate Indians in Kansas if that amount is
necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. That is all I am after.
Mr. WILKINSON. But the committee do not
wish to frame the terms of the law so as to bind
the Government hereafter to pay a debt which the
Government does not owe.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection
to accepting the proposition of my colleague if it
would be in order. I want the Government to
recognize this debt of §98,000; but if they are not
willing to do it, let them pay the interest. .
Mr. CONNESS. f suggest to the Senator
from Kansas to withdraw his amendment, and
then let the question be taken on the motion of
the committee to strike out the proposition now
contained in the bill, and then we can vote on the
section offered by the other Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomeroy] as an independent amendment.
In that way we shall probably reach a result.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It might be reached ,
in another way, by my withdrawing my amend-
ment, and allowing iny colleague to offer his in-
stead of mine as a substitute; and I will do that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it would be bet-
ter that that should be offered as a distinct sec-
tion by itself.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer it as a distinct sec-
tion by itself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then let us take a vote
on striking out the proposition in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Lane] has withdrawn his
amendment; and the question now is on striking
out the clause as proposed by the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. Mycolleague withdrew his
amendment for the purpose of allowing me to
offer mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will not the Senator
from Kansas consent to let the question be taken
on striking out the clause? He will then be at
liberty to movu to put in any distinct proposi-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. Iam not at all particular
about if.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator now offers
his proposition as an amendment to the clause to
