2878
JLl 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
be stricken out, and. that puts it in a very differ-
rfft shape 'from what it would be in if it were
presented as a distinct proposition. The chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I un-
derstand, has no objection to it as a distinct prop-
osition.
Mr. POMEROY. I prefer to take a vote first
on my amendment, because if that be adopted I
shall then vote with the committee to strike out
the other clause.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we had, better.vote
first on striking out.
' Mr. FESSENDEN. If we strike it out the
Senator can move to insert what he pleases.
: Mr. POMEROY, Very well, I withdraw my
amendment for the present. I am anxious to
tales a .vote,and I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Committee on Indian
Affairs to strike out this clause of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say a word on that
proposition. I shall vote to strike out the clause.
The clause as it now stands in the bill would re-
quire the United States to pay a certain amount
of interest upon bonds issued by States and turned
over to the Indians in payment of lands purchased
from the Indians by the Government of the United
States. Upon what ground is it that we are asked
to make good, even t^ the Indians, the interest
upon these State bonds? One ground urged by
the honorable Senator from Maryland is that it
is the duty of the United States to see to it that
the several States are retained in the Union, and
that because some of the States which issued these
bonds, or a part of them, are no longer in the
Union, and cannot be retained thus far by the ex-
ertion of the armed force of the United States, the
Government of the United States is bound in honor
and in equity to make good to the Indians the in-
terest which is due on the bonds of these seced-
ing States. I understand that to be the main
ground on which the honorable Senator from
Maryland would impose upon the United States
the obligation of this guarantee implied by the
clause as it now stands 111 the bill. I do not hold
that the United States is under any such obliga-
tion. So far as appears before the Senate the
trade between the United States and the Indians
was an honorable and an honest bargain, neither
party taking advantage of the other, and the
United States have acted in perfect good faith in
placing to the credit of the Indians the State bonds
which are now in controversy; and they have
been accepted by the Indians with their eyes open,
and neither the Indians nor their agents have any
ground to complain that the United States have
at any time sought to take advantage of them in
the concoction of the bargain or in the payment
of the interest due on these State bonds.
Now, sir, I reject entirely the idea that the Uni-
ted States is under any obligation whatever at
any time to meet the obligations of a State, in
other words, to pay the debts due from a State,
whether those debts arein theform ofState bonds
or otherwise. Let us look to what this will lead.
There are I know not how many millions of State
bonds issued by the States of this Union now in
the hands of the subjects of foreign countries.
There are some hundreds of millions of dollars
in the shape of State bonds now held by honest
creditors in England, France, Holland, and other
European countries, for which, of couxse, the
United States have never made themselves in any
way responsible; and shall the Government of the
United States hereafter be told that because some
of the States issuing these bonds have committed
treason and separated themselves from all con-
nection with or dependence upon the Government
of the United States, therefore that Government
is bound to pay their debts to foreign creditors?
Shall we be told that we are bound to pay to
British creditors debts due to them upon the bonds
of Virginia and South Carolina and other seced-
ing States, because those States have gone out of
the Union and we have not yet been able to con-
strain them back into the Union?
1 trust Senators will reflect seriously upon the
consequences which will certainly flow from the
precedent we are now setting if we pass the clause
contained in this bill; for it will be a precedent
upon which the creditors of all the seceding States
may apply to the Government of the United States
and ask to have the debts due from the rebel
States paid out of the Federal Treasury. In the
first place, there is no law to justify it. There is
no equity in this case particularly as I understand
it, and I shall be loth indeed to set a precedent in
our legislation which shall give rise to claims as
multitudinous and enormous as those .will be to
which Ibave referred. I hope we shall strike the
clause out of the bill entirely.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Now I move my amend-
ments an additional section:
Jtnd be it further enacted, That the confederate bands
of the Weas, Peorias, Kaskaskias, and Piankesbaws be
allowed the interest tin $08,000 at five per cent. per.an-
num, this amount being the non-interest-paying bonds be-
longing to said confederate bands, the interest to be paid
semi-annually, beginning on the 1st day of January, 1865;
and the interest accruing up to the 1st day of July, 1864,
at tile said rate, shall be due and paid on that day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is substantially the
provision of the House bill with one exception.
The amendment says $98,000and the House bill
says $89,000, $98,000 being the face of the bonds,
and $89,000 the amount of money we actually
received when we invested in the bonds. This
question coming before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, the committee were decidedly of opinion
that they would not adopt that provision at the
present time-, and they authorized the reporting
of the bill which has been presented to the Senate,
appropriating $5,000-for the benefit of these In-
dians, and I now offer that as a substitute for this
amendment. On our inquiry the sum of $5,000
was supposed to be enough for the immediat^ne-
cessities of these tribes of Indians. I must say
also that in consequence of the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Interior, and a settlement
to which we have agreed on another amendqnent
which has been offered on this bill, the sum of
$3,100 is also appropriated for the benefit of these
Indians, growing out of a mistake in the survey
of land which we sold and received pay for that
actually belonged to the Indians. The result will
be to put at the disposition of the Department for
the benefit of rtiese Indians this $5,000 and $3,100
besides, making $8,100, and we believe that will
be sufficient for their present necessities.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 understood the other mem-
bers of the committee to say that they reduced
the sum to $5,000 because they supposed my col-
league consented to that. They were willing to
pay $14,000, but they thought he consented to
(he $5,000. The Senator from Minnesota made
that remark, and the chairman of the committee
also said that he put the sum at $5,000 because
he thought my colleague consented to it. I sub-
mit that as $14,000 and a little more is due, there
is no use of talking about making gratuities to
the tribe; I do not propose to make a contribu-
tion to a man that I owe; and as that is due and
should be paid on the 1st of July, I object to this
substitute entirely.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee do not admit
that wo owe them anything. The Senator and
the committee differ on that subject. The com-
mittee were willing to recommend an appropria-
tion large enough to relieve their immediate wants.
If the $5,000 in addition to what is in the bill by
an amendment heretofore adopted is not enough,
as a member of the Senate I am willing to vote
for more. However, on inquiry made by" the
committee, it was supposed to be enough, and
hence I hope the amendment may be adopted as
proposed by the chairman of the committee, un-
less there are some new facts to be adduced show-
ing that more is necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas will be read.
The Secretary read it. It was to strike out all
after the word " that," and insert:
For the temporary subsistence of the Weas, the Pianke-
sbaws, the i'eoiias, and Ihe Ivaskaskias, and furnishing
tile same with clothing, $5,000.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It seems that the sum
of $5,000 was inserted on my judgment. I do not
remember what suggestion I made in committee,
butl am now satisfied that$5,000isnotenough to
relieve the immediate necessities ofthis tribe, and
if any one is to be influenced by my judgment,
I object to this proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 call for the yeas and
navs
The yeas and nays were ordered;- and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays,9; as follows:
- YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Chand-
ler, Collamer, Davis, Uoolittie, Fessenden, truster, Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill,
Sprague, Sumner, Tiumbuil, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilk-
inson, Willey, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Foot, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Pomeroy, and Powell
ABSENT—Messrs. Clark, Conness, Cowan, Dixon,
Hale, Harding, Harris, Hicks,.Howe, McDougall, Ramsey,
Richardson, Kiddie, Saulsbury, Sherman, Ten Eyck, and
Wright—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is one amendment
I should like to have excepted, that in regard to
the expenses of the Chippewas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted. The question now is on
concurring in the other amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The other amendments were concurred in. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the excepted amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For tiiis amount to defray the expenses of bringing on
the delegation of Chippewas ot Red lake and Pembina tribe,
and to defray their expenses while detained in this city in
making a treaty, and theirreturn to theirhome, $17,500.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That particular item had
not been considered by our committee, and run-
ning my eye over it I supposed all these items
were correct. Subsequent to the time that it was
before the committee we have inquired into it, and
we are not satisfied to appropriate so large a sum.
I move to strike out the "$17,500" and insert
" $10,000;" and also I move to amend the amend-
ment by strikingout " in this city," and inserting
"in the city of Washington."
Theamendments to the amendment were agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The amendments wereordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed. On motion of
Mr. Doolittle the title was amended by adding
the words "and for other purposes."
MESSAGE FROM THE IIODSE.
A message from the.House of Representatives,
by Mr. Llotd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 282) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for the withdrawal of
goods from public stores and bonded warehouses,
and for other purposes," approved 29th Febru-
ary, 1864, with amendments; in which itre'quested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 521) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide for the
payment of the claims of Peruvian citizens under
the convention between the United States and
Peru of the 12th of January, 1863," approved
June 1, 1864; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
ofRepresentatives had agreed to theamendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 383) to
incorporate the Homefor Friendless Women and
Children.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a resolution for the
adjournment of the present Congress on Thurs-
day, the 23d of June; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
| signed by the President pro tempore:
1 A bill (S. No. 129) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to lay and col-
lect a water tax, and for other purposes," ap-
proved May 21, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 316) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to certain settlers on the Rancho Bolsa de To-
males, in the State of California;
A bill (S~. No. 285) to regulate the veto power
in the TetrUory of Washington; and
