856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
unsurpassed, a progress without end, a triumph
of humanity such as was never seen before,
Fortunately for the country, fortunately for the
world,the President was equal to the emergency;
he did not refuse: he manumitted the slaves; and
in doing this but followed the example of those
master States who make the laws of war and give
them authority. England has by three of her
military commanders turned this formidable en-
gine against us as an unquestioned martial right.
France has freely distributed rescripts not only of
emancipation but of enfranchisement, and Spain
has added the weight of her authority to the same
rule. When in the South American republics
hostile factions have dflshed together, they have
had no scruple in liberating slaves as a legitimate
mode of crippling an antagonist; and it will be
hard to find a modern war carried on in territories
of slavery in which emancipation has not been
used as a legitimate belligerent right, and used
without protest. As property, it was the duty of
the President to confiscate them by the only ef-
fectual mode; as persons in duress, unwillingly
contributing to the strength and resources of the
enemy, it was his duty to break up the duress by
the only effectual mode; as loyal subjects panting
to rush to the defense of their imperiled country,
it was his duty to remove all restraint from the
free exercise of their volition by the only effectual
mode; as disloyal subjects rendering voluntary
service to their masters, it was his duty to take
that service by the only effectual mode.
3. Just to the slave.
Shall these once slaves but now freemen be re-
manded back to bondage? No: " personal prop-
erty once forfeited is always forfeited." No:
slaves once legally free are always free. No, no;
thrice no, by the ashes of oui fathers, by the altar
of ourGod 1 The "chosen curses" and the " hid-
den thunder in the stoiea of heaven" will forbid
the rendition: a cume to them, a malediction to
their masters, a shame to us, aird a disgrace to
the age*. If these children of wrong and oppres-
sion are the lawful spoil of our victorious arms,
give up to the enemy your proudest national me-
morials—4the sword ot Washington, the staff of
Franklin, that time-worn hut immortal parchment
which fust authoritatively published your inde-
pendence to the world—give up to him the blood-
stained flags mid trophies which, upon the brist-
ling ciest of batfle, ouc heroic defenders have
wrenched from his desperate grasp; give up to
him this Capitol itself, and throw at his feet the
President's head, before you give up (he most ab-
ject of these bondsmen dismthralled; for in sur-
rendering them you will squander one of those
priceless moments, big with the future, worth
more than a whole generation of either bond or
free, the tare and piognam occasion placed in your
hand by the fortune of war of wiping foievei
Afriehn slavery from the American continent.
1 f this deliverance is ever vouchsafed, then shall
we be purged forever of the sole* source of our
weakness and dissension in the past; then will
pass away forever the .sole cloud that threatens
the glory of our futuie; then will the American
Union be transfigured into a more erect and shi-
ning presence, and Uead witii firm footsteps a
loftier plane, and cherish nobler theories, and
carry us head nearei the stats; then will it be no
profanation to wed its redeemed and unpolluted
name to that of immortal Liberty; then Liberty
and Union will go on, hand m hand, and, under
a holier inspmition and with moie benign and
blessed auspices, will rerive their grand mission
of peacefully acquiring and peacefully incoipo-
rating contiguous tei nioi irs, and peacefully as-
similating their inbahitants;lheu fmm the Onent
to the Occident, Horn the flowery shores of the
great southern Gulf to the frozen barriers of the
gieat northern 13ay, will they unite in spieading
t civilization, not mteitwinul with slavery, hut
purged of its contamination, a civ ilization which
means univeisal emancipation, universal enfran-
chisement, universal brothei hood: then shall wc
have done lor the United States what Richelieu is
said to have done for France:
t( He louiid Franco lenr a-mulor,"
" Ri.iU'K :im' to i< h' nion. niifl weak laws
Ronpiij au.iy M-? .ii .unique
H" reenv.ic'i IV.ii.ee; and tri%u tin* abhes
Of tin; ol<l leiia.u and ac-t cpir carcass,
Civilization, on Itei wings.
Soared, Phcemx-iiko, to Jove."
Despair not, then, soldiers, statesmen, citizens,
women, who are fighting energetically for a na-
tion's life. The cloud which now shuts down
before your vision will yet disclose its silver
lining. Peace shall be born from war,and outof
chaos older shall yet emerge. We shall dwell
together in harmony, and but one nation shall in-
habit our sea-girt borders. We seem sailing along
the land, hearing the ripple that breaks upon the
shore, where our recieated and regenerated Re-
public, after it has passed through this fiery fur-
nace of war, these gates of death, shall be perma-
nently installed. We shall yet tread its meadows
and pastures green, trade in its marts, live in its
palaccs, worship^ its temples, and legislate in its
Capitol. The Providence of God moves through
great cycles of time. If we could only attain a
point in the future that commands a sufficiently
comprehensive retrospect, all the mysteries of our
historic evolution would unfold their meaning.
We should learn why ourjourney to this " more
perfect Union" was so long and wearisome; why
the morn was so long in breaking; why diverse
races were at the outset planted on this continent;
why we struggled through Indian, Spanish,
French, and English wars to political independ-
ence; why just as the new-born nation was
"hardening into the bone of manhood" it was
suffered to divide itself into hostile armies, that
have crossed each other's track, and intersected
and rushed and crashed together,as the planets
would, if the forces which hold them in their orbits
were once suspended; why religion and knowl-
edge and law were too feeble to bind together
repellant societies; why bigotry and intolerance
were but half-crucified in our best men; why sla-
very was ever generated; why it did not die m
the womb, and why it so long impeded the march
of the American people to national unity and do-
mestic tranquillity.
JVlr. BLAIR, of Missouri, addressed the com-
mittee forau hour. [Ilisspeech will bepublished
in the Appendix.]
IMMIGRATION.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Chairman, the Presi-
dent of the United States, in his message at the
opening of this Congress, employed the follow-
ing language:
" I again submit to your consideration tiie expediency of
establishing a syftoni for the encouragement of immigration.
Although this homce of national wealth is a aiu lluwutg in
with gi eater freedom than for several ye.us belure the nwui-
rectiou oceuried, there is still a great deficieneyof laboiers
m every field o( indu^tiy, and es-peeiiillj in agriculture, and
in our nmn: , well id iron and coal as of pteciotis metals.
While the demand to&Iabor is thus increased lieie, tens of
thousands* of persons, de- til uto of lomunei alive occupation,
are tluonginir on oui loieign consuls and ofleiuig to emi-
grate to the United Stutes, it c^enunl but very eheap ?w-
siManee can he offered them, ft i-> easy to see that uudei
the fhatp discipline of civil wai the nation is beginning a
new lile. Tins noble < fVorf d<:m;uui.-> the aid, and ought to
leceiv e the attention and support, ol the Government."
So important did tins House consider the sub-
ject thus ivfenrd to, that it created, by icsoiution,
a select committee, to whom all bills and resolu-
tions concerning immigration were to be referred.
No subject, Mr. Chan man, can moie ptoperjy
occupy the attention of Congress at tins time than
the question of foreign immigiation, whether we
icgard the past importance of that- miriest to
the gi ovv ih and gi outness of the nation, or confine
our attention simply to that pressing ond direct
need for laborers to which the President alludes;
a need so gioat that already, m diffeient quartei s,
private enterprise has sought to remedy it, and
societies have heen established, in Boston and else-
where, with a view to facilitating and encoui-
agmg immigration. And surely, if this subject
possesses such impoi tance. to the nation at lai ge,
it can wuh the utmost propriety be urged by the
i epi esen tat ,v es of the West and Noithwest, re-
gions of country which may be said to owe the
gieator pai t of their pr-'senf population, wealth,
and consequence to the influx of lon-ign immi-
gration.
Moie than one half the tenitonal aiea of the
United States yet lemains undisposed of and in
the hands of the Government—the total area in
acres being 1,^79,140,c240; while the portion un-
disposed of is 964,901,025 acres, ot, in iound
numbers, one billion aotes Hence, if we eon-
:>id(_r tin. nitre uan^ln to individuals of the tille
to the public lands, the work of .settlement is not
yet half completed; but if wo recollect also the
extremely apaise character of the population in
extensive regions where the Government has
parted with the title to its lands, we shall find that
we have as yet but entered upon the threshold of'
a vast and almost illimitable field of development.
It is estimated that the State of Massachusetts
possesses 158 inhabitants to the square mile; while
the northwestern States—including Michigan,
Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa,Minnesota, and Kan-
sas—have but 10.92 inhabitants to the square
mile. The difference,-then, between 10.92 and
158, represents the margin of expansion yet open
even in the comparatively settled portions of the
country. We have now a total population of
31,445,080. Should we attain a rate of density
equal to that of Europe, our total population
would be 218,186,000, or seven times our present
numbers!
It is therefore- apparent, Mr. Chairman, while
one half our territorial area yet remains undis-
posed of, and while our present population is
capable of a seven-fold increase before reaching
European density, that every means should be
taken by the Government to add to the natural and
ordinary growth of our population.
It is not to be forgotten, that the magnitude of
our nation has alone saved us from foreign inter-
vention in the war in which we are now engaged.
Had the present terrible ordeal fallen upon us
when possessed of but one tenth our present
population, there can be no question that the in-
tense hostility with which we are regarded by the
ruling classes in the nations of western Europe
would have dictated armed intervention and our
probable overthrow. If the magnitude of our re-
sources and the numbers of our armies appalled
our enemies, it must be remembered that these
were but results.made possible by our vast pop-
ulation. Our foes shrank from a life-and-death
contest with a nation which even in its torn and
distracted condition was stiil wealthy and mighty,
able to pour its armies into the field by the mil-
lion, and to empty forth at the feet of the Gov-
ernment an incalculable store of riches; a nation
which, to use the striking illustration of Mr.
Rugglos, of New Yoik, could literally, and not
figuratively, gird the world with the products of
one crop of its western fields alone.
Nor should it be forgotten, that in the conduct
of the war itself, the possession of our vast north-
ern population has been of the first and utmost
consequence.
The war upon our part has been necessarily one
of occupation as well as conquest; we have had
both to take and to hold; nay,more, we have been
compelled to fight around the margin of a vast
circle against a foe concentrated m the midst of
it, and, while subduing him m the field, shut him
out fiom all commerce with the suriouridmg
world. If, with all our vast preponderance of
numbers, wc have found the task so tedious and.
so difficult, U will be perceived at once that with
a population no greater than that of the South it
would have been a sheer impossibility. Instead of
literally overrunning the South and crushing it
beneath the mere weight of numbeis, we should
have Iound ourselves engaged in a war ruinously
| protracted, to end m all probability in the utter
i de.sttucuon of our Government and our instnu-
| tions.
| If, then, all that is dear to us as a people haa
depended upon this question of numbers, it be-
emivs us to inquire how we have obtained our
piescnt vast population.
In the year 179') we had but 3,929,000 people; in
1S30 we possessed a population of 31,445,000; the
ditfetence,27,510,000, being thesumofourgiowth
in seventy years.
LJnw far is this growth due to the natural in-
eiease of the population in the countiy in 1790?
To ascertain this, it wdl be necessary to institute
some companion with the rates of growth of
' ot her nation?;.
| England and Wales possessed, in 1570, a pop-
| uWtion of neaily 3,000,00(1; in IbGl a population
i of 20,227,746. lnothei woids, the grow th of Eng-
| land und Wales was 30 per ecu t. less in three hun-
j di«'d years than that of the United States in sev-
' entyyeais! But, as it may be argued that the rate
ofgiowth ofa!I nations has increased in modern
times, we will confine our comparison within a
 >hoi ler peuod.
In lttul the population of England end Wales
was 9,156,171; m 1&61 it was 20,227,746, being
an increase of 121 percent, in sixty years. It is
