1864.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLGBI.
1903
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move the same amendments
in respect to mortgages that have been adopted
in respect to conveyances. I move to strike out
from line one hundred and fifty-three to line one
hundred and sixty, as follows:
Exceeding $1,000 and not exceeding $2,500, two dollars;
exceeding $2,500 and not exceeding $-5,000, five dollars;
exceeding $0,000 and not exceeding $10,000, ten dollars;
exceeding $10,000 and not exceeding $20,000, fifteen dol-
lars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move also, in line one hun-
dred and sixty-one, to strike.out "$10,000" and
insert in lietrthereof "$500;" also in line one hun-
dred and sixty-two to strike out " twenty" and
insert in lieu thereof " one;" also, at the end of
line one hundred and sixty-two to strike out
" ten dollars" and to insert in lieu thereof " fifty
cents;" so as to make the clause in reference to
mortgages read as follows:
Mortgage of lands, estate, or property, real or personal,
heutable or movable whatsoever, or any montage or pei-
sonal bond, where the same shall be made as a secuuty for
the payment of any definite and ceitaui sum of money lent
at the tune or previously due and owing or foi borne to be
paid, being payable; also, any conveyance of any lands,
estate, or propeity whatsoever, in trust to be sold or other-
wise converted into money, which shall be intended only
as security, and shall be redeemable before the sale or oilier
disposal thereof, either by express stipulation orotherwise,
or any personal bond given as security for the payment of
any definite or certain sum of money exceeding $100 and
not exceeding $500, fifty cents; and for eveiy additional
$500 or fractional part thereof in excess of $1,000, fifty
cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, their
Chief Clerk, notifying the House that the Senate
have passed bills of this House of the following
titles, with amendments; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 119) to regulate the admeasure-
ment of the tonnage of ships and vessels of the
United States; and
An act (No. 360) for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds in relation to the names of ves-
sels.
Also, that the .Senate have passed without
amendment bills of the House of the following
titles:
An act (No. 62) fixing certain rules and regu-
lations for preventing collisions on the water; and
An act (No. 3G7) to provide for the collection
of hospital dues from vessels of the United States
sold or transferred to foreign ports or waters.
The committee then resumed its session, and
proceeded again to the consideration of the
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. At the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] that
the words are surplusage as they occur in the
latter part of the clause, I move to strike out the
words "or any mortgage or personal bond"
where they occur in the following clause:
Mortcagc of lands-', estate, or propeity, real or personal,
heritable or movable whatsoever, or any moityagc or per-
sonal bond, where the same shall be made a-; a security for
the payment of any definite and ceit.uu sum of money lent
at the time or pieviously due and owing or foi borne to be
paid, being payable.
The amendment was agree? to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and sev-
enty I move to insert after the word "dollars"
the words "and not exceeding fifty dollars;" so
as to make the paragraph read:
Passayo ticket, by any vessel from a port in the United
States to a foreign port, not exceeding thirty doll.us, fifty
cents ; exceeding thirty dollars and not exceeding fifty liol-
lars, one dollar.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add immediately
after in line one hundred and seventy the words
" and for every additional fifty dollars or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of fifty dollars,-one
dollar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by adding at the end of the paragraph
" power of attorney to sell and convey real estaie,
or to rentor lease the same, ortu perform any and
all other acts not hereinbefore specified, one dol-
lar," the following:
Excepting powrri of attorney for the coll' ctinn nf l.3«k
pay, bounty, pensions, or other allowances due to soldiers
or other persons on account of personal military service
rendered.
Mr. MORRILL. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that that is provided for
in another section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, if that be
the case, I will withdraw it.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the same
paragraph by adding " power of attorney for any
othei'purpose, twenty-five cents."
Mr. MORRILL. By looking at line one hun-
dred and seventy-nine the gentleman will see that
that is included in the words " or to perform any
and all other acts not hereinbefore specified;"
and not only that, but the gentleman has reduced
the tax from one dollar to twenty-five cents.
Mr. THAYER. That is probably so. But,
sir, I think that is too high a tax to be made upon
these powers of attorney without discrimination.
Upon a power of attorney to sell real estate that
rate is not too high; but upon a great many sub-
jects of little moment it is entirely too large.
However, 1 will withdraw my amendment, and
move to strike out the words quoted by the gen-
tleman from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I now renew my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no objection to that,
if the gentlemen will fix it at fifty cents.
Mr. THAYER. Very well; I will so modify
my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert the following:
Warehouse receipt foi not exceeding fifty barrels of flour
held in storage in any public or private vvatehouseor yard,
fiv« cents; exceeding fifty bariel-j and not exceeding one
handled hairels, ten cent*; exceeding one hundred barrels,
for eveiy additional one hundied barrels or fractional part
theieof, ten cents. Warehouse receipt ior not exceeding
fifty bushels ot gram held in storagem any public or private
warehouse or yaid, five ccnts; exceeding fifty bushels and
not exceeding one hundied bushels, ten cents; exceeding
one hundred bu&hejs, for every additional hundred busheU
or a Pactional pait thereof, ten cents. Warehouse receipt
for not exceeding fiity bairels of beef, pork, or bacon, or
other balled, cuied, diicd, or pieacrved meat'?, held in stor-
age in any public or pnvate warehouse or >ard, ten cents;
exceeding llity barrels and notcxceeding one hundred bar-
rels, twenty cents; exceeding one hundred barrels, forevery
additional one hundred ban els. or fi actional pait thereof, ten
cents. Waiehouse receipt for notcxccedinc fifty tierces of
beef, pork,bacon, or other salted,cuied, dried, or preserved
meats, held in stotage in any public or private warehouse
oryaul, fifty cents; exceeding lifty tierces and not exceed-
ing one hundred tieices, one dollar; exceeding one hun-
dred tieices, for eveiy additional one hundred uerces or
fractional part thereot, fiity cents.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest to the gentleman
to make the language general, so as to include
boxes, casks, packages, &c.
Mr. MORRILL. We propose to move to
insert in line one hundred and ninety-five the
words " not otherwise provided for." That will
remove the gentleman's objection.
The committee divTded; and there were—ayes
thirty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ross and
Fenton were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Warehouse receipt for any goods, merchandise, or prop-
erty of any kind held on storage m any public or private
warehouse or yard, twenty-five cents.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert after the
word " kind" the words " not otherwise provided
for."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, CRESWELL. I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
Warrants of distraint for lent, where the amount of rent
does not exceed $100, twenty-five cents; where it exceeds
$100, fifty cents.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HoLMANand
Orth were appointed.
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Legal Document*.—Writ, or othei original process by
which an> r>uit is* commenced m any cuuit of recoul, either
law or equity, fifty cents.
Mr. BALDWIN", of Michigan. 1 move to add
the following:
When the amount claimed in the writ issued by a court
not of record is $100 or over, fifty cents y upon every con-
fession of judgment or cognovit for .^100 or over, fifty cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON moved to insert the following:
And that twenty-five cents be charged upon every ap-
peal taken from an inferior to a higher court.
Mr. GANSON. I think that is provided for
in the law as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided, That no writ, summons, or other process is-
sued by and returnable to a justice of the peace, or issued
in any criminal or other suits commenced by the United
States, or any Suite, shall be subject to the payment of
stamp duties.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I move to add,
"except where the arpount claimed is §100 or
more."
Mr. MORRILL, I move the following as a
substitute for the amendment:
Insert after the word "peace15 the words "exceptas
hereinbefore provided for."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and then the amendment as amended was
adopted.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I more to insert" affida-
vits in suits or legal proceedings shall be exempt
from stamp duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out the words
" commenced by the United States or any State."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Schedule C.
Mcdicines or Preparations.
For and upon every packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, containing any pills, powders, tinctures,
troches, or lozenges, syrups, cordials, bitters, anodynes,
tomes, pla&ters, liniments, salves, ointments, pastes,drops,
wateis, essences, spirits, oils, or other medicinal prepara-
tions .or compositions whatsoever, made and sold, or re-
moved for consumption and sale, by any person or persons
whatever, wherein the person making or preparing the
same has, or claims to have, any private formula or occult
seciet or art for the making or preparing the same, or has,
or claims to have, any exclusive right or title to the making
or preparing the same, or which are prepared, uttered,
vended, or exposed for sale under any letters patent, or
held out or recommended to the public by the makers, vend-
ers, or proprietors thereof as proprietary medicines, or as
remedies or specifics for any disease, diseases, or affec-
tions whatever affecting the human or animal body, as
follows: where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or
other inclosure, with its content?, shall not exceed, at the
retail price or value, the sum of twenty-five cents, one
cent.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to make
it " two cents" instead of " one cent."
The amendment wa? disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other in-
closure, with its contents, shall exceed the retail price or
value of twenty-five cents, and not exceed the retail price
or value of fiity cents, two cents.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to strike
out " two cents" and insert " four cents."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other iiv-
closuie, with its contents, shall exceed the retail price or
value of fifty cents, and shall not exceed the retail price or
value of seventy-five cents, thr^e cents.
Mr. HUBBARD, of "Iowa. I move to strike
out " three" and insert " five."
The amendment wa^ disagreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend the head-
ing of the second subdivision of schedule "C,"
on page 210, so that it shall read, "perfumery,
cosmetics, matches, photographs, and cards.?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, MORRILL. I move to amend in line
sixty, page 210, by striking out after the words
"one hundred" the words "and forty-four,"
and by striking out after the word "less" the
words " when the retail price of such matches or
articles shall not exceed the sum of five cents;"
so that the clause will read:
Friction matches, or lucifer matches, or other articles
made in pait of wood, and used for like purposes, in par-
cels or packages containing one hundred matches or less,
for each parcel or package, one cent.
Mr. FENTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont, and I op-
pose it only for the purpose of asking him to
adopt a suggestion which I will make. It is to
modify his amendment by inserting after the word
" containing," in line fifty-nine, the words "sev-
