858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the cereals, which require the hot, dry .climate of
the inter-continental plains.
When it is recollected that one of the leading
grain houses of England (see address of 1 homas
Whitney, Esq., before the Chamber ofCommerce,
Milwaukee, page 22) estimates the amount of
- wheat necessary for the support of the wheat con-
suming population-of Europe at one billion bush-
els annually, it is easy to estimate the effect which
this; steady diminution of the amount of wheat
raised in Europe must have upon those regions
of our own country especially adapted for the
growth of that cereal-
It cannot be lost sight of that considerations of
climate, soil, and geographical location, override
all the efforts of human eneigy and industry. New
England, by the census returns of I860, raises
wheat enough to feed her own people three weeks,
and New York sufficient for six months; while
Pennsylvania, after feeding her own population,
possesses no surplus, and Ohio but three million
bushels. In ten years the wheat crop of these
States has decreased 6,500,000 bushels. (See Re-
port of Chicago Ship Canal Convention, page 86.)
Steadily the seat of empire of this wonderful
cereal is being transferred northwestward. Grad-
ually, imperceptibly, and by the force of power-
ful natural laws, new regiojis of country are ris-
ing into the first consequence as the bread-produ-
cing regions of the world. During the ten years
in which the eastern States diminished their wheat
crop 6,500,000 bushels, the Northwest increased
its wheat crop 55,000,000 bushels!
In no other-locality is this startling growth more
strikingly displayed than in the State which I
have the honor in part to represent—Minnesota.
In 1858 that State was an importer, to a large ex-
tent, of flour, beef, pork, &c., to supply the wants
of her own people. In 1860 her entire crop of
grain and potatoes was 14,693,517 bushels; her
entire crop of wheat 5,101,432 bushels, nearly
five times greater than the wheat crop of all the
New England States, possessing six times her
population! There has never been in the history
of the human family, so stupendous a rate of
growth as this. In one year, from 1859 to 1860,
the breadth of wheatsown in the State increased
85 percent.,and the amount ofcrop 114 percent.!
Can we be blind to the great lessons taught by
these facts? Can we shut our eyes to the fact
that the advance of civilization and the crowding
together of population turn the labor of man from
agriculture to manufactures and commercc,and
that these non-producers of food are steadily in-
creasing in number both in our own country and
in Europe, and that with their growth there is a
correspondingincreasein the number of the whole
human family? Who shall feed these increasing
millions? Where shall the food which is to sus-
tain them he raised? The statistics I have given
answer this question, so far as our own land is
concerned.
What are the requirements for the growth of
wheat? An English writer has answered the ques-
tion:
c*Tlie possession of extensive fertile plains, a favorable
chmniu, <i moderate hut nntilen^e population, a convenient
acep'iS to th<  «ea, or facilities of transport by gieat rivers."
All these we have in the Noithwest; joined to
a dryness and coolness of the atmosphere, which
bring to the highest physical development every
form of life subjected to its operation.
There is one significant fact which stands out
with great distinctness; it is this, that immigra-
tion, following its instincts, is pointing its column
steadily toward the great Northwest. The ratio
of increase of the whole nation from 1850 to 1860
was but 35| per cent.; that of the West 68.25
per cent.; that of Wisconsin 150 per cent.; that
of Minnesota 2S761 per cent.!
Hero, then, we have the elements of this great
question:
1. An increase in Europe and in our own coun-
try of the non-producers of food.
2. A decrease of the cereal crop in the now set-
tled regions of the earth.
3. The possession in our inter-continental prai-
ries of th ■ greatest grain-producing region on the
globe, lacking only hands to bring its incalcula-
ble riches to the light.
4. The existence in Europe of vast multitudes,
enterprising, intelligent, industrious; eager to
cross the Atlantic, and press forward in the foot-
steps of their brethren to the West and Northwest.
Shall we not lend the sanction of this Govern-
ment to their migration? Shall not this Govern-
ment, so greatly to be benefited by their coming,
extend to them a helping hand, watch over them
in their transit, care for them on their arrival, and
facilitate their movements to the new lands of the
West? AH the evidences go to show that the
immigration during the next decade will be greater
than ever before known. It is not to be forgot-
ten that the immigration between 1850 and 1860
was more than one half the total immigration
since 1790.
With the blessing of Almighty God the result
of this war cannot but be universal liberty and
unending peace and prosperity throughout the
land; and when those ends are attained the labo-
rious populations of Europe will literally swarm
to our shores.
Nor is this question without considerations
which appeal directly to our selfish instincts.
Hon. Robert J. Walker, in an article in the Con-
tinental Monthly, has shown that if we compute
the annual immigration for the next ten years at
the same rate as during the decade from 1850 to
1860, thatis to say at 260,000 per annum, and esti-
mate the value of the labor of each immigrant at
thirty-three cents per day, it would give us a grand
total in ten years of §1,430,000,000.
Throw wide the doors to immigration,encour-
age it, facilitate it, and in twenty years the results
of the labors of the immigrants and their children
will add to the wealth of the country a sum suf-
ficient to pay the entire debt created by this war.
The bill I have introduced provides for the crea-
tion of a Bureau of Immigration for three things:
1. To faithfully execute the laws heretofore en-
acted by Congress for the protection of immigrants
crossing the ocean.
2. To facilitate their movement to their desti-
nations after landing by furnishing them neces-
sary information and protecting them from fraud
and imposition.
3. To superintend the disbursement of any sum
appropriated by Congress or by any State Legis-
lature to encourage immigration.
The bureau when established will be able to
collect information and suggest measures which
may guide subsequent legislation. I have hesi-
tated to ask that Congress should advance any
large sum of money to aid immigration, although
such would seem to be the view of the President.
I have therefore provided that States might place
in the hands of the Commissioner funds to be used
for that purpose, the immigration thereby obtained
to go to such State. 1 am quite convinced that
some of our western States will take advantage of
the machinery of the bureau to increase their own
population, while the money advanced might be
in the nature of loans to the immigrants, secured
in such way as would insure its return in the ma-
jority of cases. There are in England, and I sup-
pose tn other European States, emigrantsocicties,
in which a sufficient fund is raised by small weekly
contributions to pay the passage of the members.
As the funds accumulate a member is selected by
election, the most industrious and honest being
chosen, who is expected to return his passage-
money out of his fnsl eai nings after his ai rival m
this country. The fund thus returned is added to
the additional accumulations, and the next time
nays the passage oftwo members,and m this man-
ner the process is carried on until all the members
are enabled to escape from the house of poverty
to the land of liberty and prosperity.
It might be in the power of the Commissioner
to use the machinery of these societies in sucK
way as to obtain by small loans the most deserv-
ing immigrants with little risk of loss—a compar-
atively small sum thus going through many hands
and assisting many hundreds of pet sons. All this
is, however rather in the nature of suggestions
to the Commissioner when appointed than ofargu-
ments in favor of the bill itself.
The bureau should he established. An interest
which adds two millions and three quarters of a
million to our population in ten years deserves to
have some recognized head at the seat of this Gov-
ernment. An interest which can in twenty years
pay off the national debt by the wealth added to the
nation through the work of its own hands, de-
serves to be fostered, tenderly cared for,stimulated,
and protected by every true fnendof thrcountry. ■
The southern revolution withdrew from the peo- |
pie of the North an incubus which had controlled i
and repressed them for fifty years. Theyarenow
rising for the first time to the drgnity of a people
whose greatness rests on the basis of free labor.
Appreciating the fact that the agriculture of
the country is its first great interest, they have
established a Bureau of Agriculture. Let them
go one step further, and, conscious of the obli-
gations due by a nation of immigrants, or the chil-
dren of immigrants, to European immigration in
the past, and mindful also of its enormous import-
ance to the nation in the future, let them establish
a Bureau of Immigration. With nearly one billion
of unsettled landson one side of the Atlantic, and
with many millions of poor and oppressed peo-
ple on the other, let them organize the exodus
which needs must come, and build, if necessary,
a bridge of gold across the chasm which divides
them, that the chosen races of mankind may oc-
cupy the chosen lands of the world.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. EDEN. Mr. Chairman, I propose to state
some of the reasons why I dissent from the views
of the President, as expressed in his recent mes-
sage, and especially some reasons why I dissent
from his plan for the reconstruction of the Union
embraced in his proclamation of amnesty. After
the very able and full discussion of the questions
arising out of those remarkable documents, it
would be presumptuous in me to attempt to do
more than restate, perhaps in a different form,
some of the arguments which have already been
adduced in opposition to the positions assumed
by the Executive. For three years the people of
the United States have been engaged in a war
which, for magnitude of the armies in the field,
and lavishness in the expenditure of money, has
no parallel in modern history. The avowed ob-
ject in inaugurating hostilities on the part of our
Government was the suppression of "certain com-
binations formed to oppose the execution of the
laws too powerful to be overcome by the ordinary
course of judicial proceeding." In theory, the
sole object in bringing a military force to bear
upon these combinations was to overthrow and
disarm them, to the end that the laws might be en-
forced. The Constitution of the United States
empowers Congress " to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions." An-
other clause of the Constitution enjoins upon the
President to "see that the laws are faithfully ex-
ecuted." TheGeneral Government under these
grants of power is in duty bound to suppress in-
surrection. The respective spheres of legislative
and executive action in relation thereto are clearly
laid down and defined by the Constitution. Con-
gress must pass all necessary laws for raising,
arming, and governing the forces to be employed
against the insurgents. The President must see
that the laws passed m this behalf are faithfully
executed; and in cases of controverted constitu-
tional questions arising out of the laws themselves,
or the manner of their enforcement, the judicial
department of the Government must settle the
rights of the parties affected ; of the Executive as
well as the citizen. Keeping these plain and sim-
ple propositions in view, we can readily determine
the duties of the President of the United States
in conducting our military affairs. By the same
rules we can also ascertain whether or not the
military orders, proclamations, or executive
"plans of reconstruction" are legitimate meas-
ures for the overthrow of combinations formed to
obstruct the operation of the laws.
Before speoking more directly of this " plan,"
let us look a little at the previous acts and con-
duct of the Administration in reference to the
rebellion, that we may with the more accuracy
determine the effects likely to follow the means
proposed. I admit that when our political insti-
tutions are in peril, as they now are, it is a matter
of the very first importance that the entire conn-
try should have the fullest confidence in the chief
executive officer of the Government, provided he
is worthy of that confidence. But I have yet to
learn that in a republican Government the imbe-
cility or corruption of the President must be pal-
liated before the people whose servant he is and
to whom he is accountable for all his acts. Pres-
ident Lincoln in his inaugural address said:
"T have no purpose dircctly or indirectly to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the Suites where it exists.
I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no in-
clination to do 5:0."
