1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOEB.
In his proclamation of April 15, 1861, calling
out seventy-five thousand militia, which was the
first call for troops made by him, the President
used the language which I now read:
" I deem it proper to say that the first service assigned to
the forces hereby called forth will probably be to repossess
the forts, places, and property which have been seized from
the Union ; and in every event the utmost care will be ob-
served, consistently with the objects aforesaid, to avoid any
devastation of or interference with property orany disturb-
ance of peaceful citizens in any part of the country."
Again, on the 22d day of July, 1861, immedi-
ately following the first disastrous battle of Bull
Run, Congress, by an almost unanimous vote,
passed what is known as the Crittenden resolu-
tion, declaring—
"That this war is not waged in any spirit of oppression,
or for any purpose of conquest or subjugation or purpose
of overthrowing or interlermg with the rights or established
institutions of these States, bat to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union,
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the several
States unimpaired; and that as soon as these objects are
accomplished the war ought to cease."
The extracts which I have read from the inau-
gural address, the first proclamation calling out
troops, and the Crittenden resolution, may, with
great propriety, be denominated the first warplat-
form of this Administration. During the first six
or eight months after the commencement of hostili-
ties we had no intimation from official sources that
the war was to be diverted from its proper course i n
aid of the enforcement of the Jaws into a crusade
to free the negroes, or to interfere with and over-
throw the rights and established institutions of
any of the States. High o*fficials, with the oath
to protect and defend the Constitution fresh on
their lips, had not yet learned that there was some
sort of an indefinite and undefinable " war power"
to be found somewhere within the limits of a lat-
itudinous construction of the Constitution that
could release them from the obligations of that
oath; that under this "war power" they might
do that which they had " no lawful right to do;"
that while the people are bound to obey all the
laws and all the edicts and proclamations of the
President, constitutional and unconstitutional, the
chief Executive of thcUnited States, rising above
the oidinary level of erring mortals, had been im-
bued with authority from above or beneath to
override and nullify constitutions and laws at his
sovereign will and pleasure.
Mr. Chairman, the great mass of the people of
the United States are distinguished for their love
of country; are firmly attached to that form of
Government instituted by the men who, fresh from
the sanguinary fields of the Revolution, could yet
guard the sacred cause ofciviland religious libet ty.
To maintain the rightful authority of that Gov-
ernment and to preserve their liberties, having
their only sure guarantee in the written Consti-
tution under which that authority can alone be
exercised, they have always been ready to make
every sacrifice required of them by the dictates of
the highest patriotism. Actuated by these senti-
ments, when this Administration demanded the
purse and the sword in the sacred name of Union,
they were given without stint or reservation. In
return for their treasure and the blood of their
sons, the people onFy required of their public ser-
vants that the Constitution of the United States
should remain inviolate and the union of the States
unbroken. With the highest professions of pa-
triotism on the part of the President and his friends
the pledge was given in the beginning of our civil
war that these objects of solicitude should be
carefully prc'«cted and maintained. In response
to the assurance thus given, each call for troops
to fill the broken and bleeding ranks of the Ai my
was met by the swelling tide of freemen, swairn-
in£ to the field of carnage and of death, their
hearts being fired with a holy zeal, under the be-
lief that the sacred cause of the Union invoked
the sacrifice. Even the demands of the ttfx-gath-
erer, grasping for a portion of the frugal meal
of the children of toil, have been submitted'-to
without a murmur because these contributions to
the public Treasury were to be consecrated to
the sacred purpose of saving the Union. When
the withering hand of arbitrary power was first
stretched over the peaceful citizens of the north-
ern States, and they were dragged from their
homes the victims of personal or political malice,
the fears of the peGple were aroused by the dark
shadow of a hateful despotism whose figure was
seen in the dim distance marching on with cau-
tious but unerring step, trampling down in its
course every safeguard of personal liberty. The
apprehensions of the people were however quieted
by the assurance that these things were done for
the sake of the Union.
Mr. Chairman, ha^-this Administration faith-
fully executed the high trust reposed in it by the
country ? If it has it ought to and will receive the
reward due to the faithful public servant; its
errors will be forgiven and forgotten, its virtues
cherished and remembered. If ithas proven false
to its professions, and deceived and betrayed a too
confiding people, it will and should receive .their
condemnation. This message unfolds more fully
the purposes of the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment than anything that has preceded it. In
order that we may form a correct judgment, let us
examine this document in the light of reason and
of candor.
The first im pression formed on reading the Pres-
ident's proclamation of amnesty is that the prog-*
ress of putting down the rebellion has not kept
pace with the too ardent expectations of the peo-
ple. The very modest pretensions of the Presi-
dent as to the success of the means employed by
him for the overthrow of the rebel power do not
seem to be justified by the facts given us. 'True,
he runs a parallel, showing the present condition
of affairs, as compared with the situation eleven
months prior to the date of this message, with the
evident design of showing a great improvement
in the prospects of the Union. When we come
to examine the premises upon which he bases his
favorable conclusions, we cannot but be struck
with the evident satisfaction with which he refers
to the success of his party as one indication of
the advancement of the Union cause. Whether
this success shall turn out to be an element of
strength or of weakness in the pending struggle,
depends on the Administration and its friends.
If they continue in future the course they have
followed in the past, the result of the elections in
their favor will not perceptibly weaken the cause
of the rebellion. Again, the success of the proc-
lamation of emancipation, in giving practical free-
dom to a large number of slaves, with the ultimate
prospect that the whole negro population in the
States where insurrection prevails will soon be
in the enjoyment of the same inestimable bless-
ing, is cited as a notable instance of progress in
suppressing the rebellion. Then, too, in the
border States the people are growing restless in
the cause of emancipation. Hence, the rebellion
is rapidly disappearing. Toa person notwholly
satisfied that the President is " honest," the as-
signment of these causes of improvement in our
condition would be apt to create at least the sus-
picion that he looked upon these facts more m
the light of a partisan than of a patriot. They
all have a direct bearing upon the future success
of the Republican party. But let us go back in
the history of this rebellion two years and a half,
and see if, according to the President's own show-
ing, we are not much furthei from reunion now
than we were then. At the opening of the extra
session of Congress in July, 1861, the President
informed the country in his message that—
"It may well be questioned whether there is to-day a
majority of the legal! v qualified voters of any State, except
peihnps South Catohna, m favoi ot disunion. There is
much reason to believe tti.it the Union men are the major-
ity in inanvif not in every other one of the so-called seceded
State*. The contrary has not been demonstrated in any
one of them. It is ventuted to affirm this even ot Viigima
and Tennebsoe; for the ic^ultof an election held in mili-
tary camps where the bajonets aie all on onp side of the
question voted upon, can scarcely be considered asdetnon-
urcitmg popular hentimer.t."
This statement of the President was received
by the country as tiue. And when we remember
that until the voice of reason had been hushed
by the clash of arms a large majority of the peo-
ple in most of those States had, upon every op-
portunity, expressed themselves satisfied-with the
Union, we must acknowledge that the President
had substantial grounds for the statement he
made. Since then we have had over two years
and a half of bloody war. The battles of Don-
elson,Shiloh,Corinth, Vicksburg, Malvern Hill,
the first and second battles of Bull Run, Antietam,
Frcdeiicksbuig, Chancellorsvillc, Gettysburg,
Chickamauga, Chattanooga, and many others of
less note, have been fought. The blood of the
young men of the country has been poured out
jn reckless profusion. Many thousands of homes,
the abudes of happiness, with the family circle
hitherto unbroken, have been made desolate by
the cruel hand of war. The weeds of widowhood
and the misery and want of orphanage meet the
eye on every hand. The tax-gatherer crowds
the highways of the country and the streets of
the cities. His footfalls are heard in the hovels
of the poor and on the marble steps of the rich. #
His exactions fall upon the luxurious repasts and
gorgeous equipage of the millionaire and upon the
frugal meal and plain dress of the humble. Even
the widow's mite is required to replenish the de-
pleted Treasury, A debt of $2,000,000,000 has
been contracted by the Government, and the foun-
dation laid to swell that debt to double its present
proportions; thus laying a burden upon future
generations that will in all time to come grind the.
labor of this country in the dust. By looking at
the condition of the tax-ridden people of Europe,
we behold the picture of what our own country
is soon to be.
Taxation and tyranny are synonymous terms.
The sum paid by each person into the coffers of
the Government is the amount charged to him foi
the protection he receives of the Government.
When the laws of the country are honestly and
fairly administered, the burdens upon the citizen
will be light, and he is more than compensated by
the benefits he receives. But when the Govern-
ment is administered for the advantage of the few;
when the people are taxed for the purpo'se of put-
ting money into the pockets of the pampered
partisans of an Administration, such taxation
becomes wrong and oppressive. • And whenever
the burden thus cast upon the people is so great
that some portion of the money that ought to be
applied to the support of the family must go into
the public Treasury, a storm of indignation will
arise that will sweep from power the men who
would take the bread from famishing children.
No Government has a right to pursue a policy
that will fix permanently upon the country a sys-
tem of taxation which impoverishes labor, and in-
troduces want and misery into the household of
the honest man who by the sweat of his face
earns his bread. When an extraordinary emer-
gency arises, requiring a large expenditure of
money by the Government, if the crisis be con-
trolled by honest statesmanship,only temporary
sacrifices will be required of the people, and these
will be met by them cheerfully for the sake of the
permanent tranquillity and happiness which are
to follow. But if, in order to subdue the inflam-
mation of the body-politic, the patient is to be re-
duced to a skeleton by blistering and bleeding,
and the Constitution is to be shattered and de-
stroyed by copious doses of poisonous drugs,
such vicious remedies will be found to be worse
than the original disease. It would be far prefer-
able to allow the political system to fall in pieces,
leaving the fragments pure and sound, than thus
to corrupt and eventually destroy the whole.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is a brief outline of what
we have done and suffered, giving but a glimpse
of the consequences that are to follow the inno-
vations which have been made upon our political
institutions, since the President made the an-
nouncementat the threshold of the war, that there
was " much reason to believe that the Union men
are [were] the majority in many, if not in every
other one, of the so-called seceded States." What
have we gained by all these sacrifices of blood
and of treasurer if the Union cause has been
advanced by the means employed in any degree
commensurate with these sacrifices, then indeed
the country may bear with patience the more try-
ing scenes through which we are yet to pass. In
drawing my conclusions upon the subject,I shall
rely wholly upon the testimony of the President
himself. We have already seen, by the Presi-
dent's message of July, 1861, that at that time
more than one half of the people in each of the
rebellious States, except South Carolina, were
ready to render a willing obedience to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States whenever
the force of rebel arms to which they were sub-
jected should be removed. Was not this a hope-
ful view? If proper means had been employed
from that time forth, could not the rebellion have
been easily and speedily suppressed? We had
upon one side the regular Government, with
twenty million people in the States not in in- $
surrection. Having complete command of the
ocean, the imukets of the world were open to us
for the purchase of everything needed in prose-
