THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONUKESS, PUBLISHED JJY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D: C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE ]4, 1864.
New Series No. 181.
S. Drown, William G. Brown, Fieeman Clarke. Clay,Cox,
Cravens, Creswell, Dawson, Demmg, Denison, Donnelly,
Dumont. Eekley, English,Garfield, Gooch, Grumell, Hale,
Hall, Benjamin G. flauis, Hnlburd, Philip Johnson, Kasson,
K>rnnn, MeAlli>ter,McBride,MeKirmey, Middleton, Sam-
uel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Leonard Myers, IVelson,
OdelljJolm O'Neill, Perry, Pomeroy.Piiee^ruyn,Radford,
William H. Randall, Edward H. Rollins, James S, Rollins,
Ross, Schenck, Scott, Smith, Spaldinjr, Stebbins. Jolui B.
Steele, Strouse, Stuart, Voorhees, Elihu B. Washburue,
William B. Wafehbum, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and
Yeaman—60.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PRICE stated that he had paired with his
colleague, Mr. Kasson.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to,
and the question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to postpone the
bill until the second Monday in December next
after the morning hour, and upon that motion de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. G-ANSON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were not ordereQ.
The motion to postpone was agreed to. 0
• Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was postponed; and also
* moved to lay the motion to reconsider 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the memorial and accom-
panying documents of Thomas L. Pi ice, contest-
ing the seat of Joseph W. McClurg, have in-
structed me to make a report. This case is kin-
dred to the one of Bruce and Loan, and also of
Birch and King.' The committee came to the
same conclusion thatthey did in the case of Bruce
und Loan, the members of the committee stand-
ing upon the question precisely thesame. When
I submitted the report in the case of Birch and
King I stated that the committee, in coming to a
conclusion in the case of Bruce and Loan, ac-
cepted the decision of the House as instructions
in reference to the two other cases. They there-
fore reported back the papers in that case, which
was one of the two, and Risked to be dischaiged
from the further consideration of them, and that
the whole subject be laid on'the tabic. In con-
formity witli these instructions, the committee
still entertaining die same views with refeience to
the present case but accepting the decision of the
House, have instructed me to report back the
papers in this case,and move that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
thereof, and that the whole subject belaid on the
table.' *
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House, then, is the contested-election case of
Todd us. Jayne, upon which the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswqrtii] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWOUTH took the floor.
COMPENSATION OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to offer a resolution
pertinent to the case just disposed of, if the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois allows me to present it.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved, That there Bo paid from the contingent fund
of this House to James II. Birch and Thomas L. Price,
jesueetiveiv, the usuai miloagoofa member tor one scs-
181
sion of Congress, and compensation or salary from (he
commencement of the present session to the period when
then contests were respectively acted upon by the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MALLORY. i hope the mover of the
resolution will accept a modification of 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as
the main question has been ordered t© be put.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded; and I ask unanimous consent to make a
statement.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. MALLORY. My object is to amend the
resolution by inserting the name of John Mc-
Henry, of Kentucky. I think he iscertainly as
much entitled to the compensation proposed to be
paid as these two gentlemen; and if the moverof
the resolution declines to accept that modification
I move to reconsider the vote by which the pre-
vious question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wouid say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that the two cases embraced
in this resolution stand upon precisely the same
footing. They were before the House upon pre-
cisely the same testimony, and the House has
disposed of both of them precisely in the same
way; so that the House is not embarrassed by
embracing them in the same resolution. And
while I concur in the views of thegentleman from
Kentucky 111 reference to the case of Mctlenry,
yet it may be considered by the House as not
Standing upon the same footing. It is desirable
that the House should have an opportunity to
pass upoathe cases as they stand upon their re-
spective merits; and therefore I hope the gentle-
man from Kentucky will allow these cases 1 have
included in the resolution to be considered by
themselves.
Mr. MALLORY. There is as much similarity
between the case of McHenry and Price as there
is between the ease of Birch and Price. They
are homogeneous cases. All three of these gentle-
men made their appearance before this Congress
and contested the right of sitting members upon
the ground that they obtained their seats here by
military interference. That, I understand, was
the sole question involved m the trial of th<pse
cases. That was the ground relied on by each of
the contestants, and I see no reason for the dis-
crimination which uppeais to be properin the es-
timation of the gentleman from Indiana. If there
are merits enough in the cases of these two gen-
tlemen from Missouri to justify the House in al-
lowing them this compensation, there are merits
enough in the case of McHenry to authorize the
House 111 allowing it to him. 1 see no reason,in
anything that has been said by the gentleman from
Indiana, why the House should embarrass itself
and expend time in acting on each of those cases
separately, when, by insoiting all of them in this
resolution, it can dispose of them now. I there-
fore hope that the ^Iouse will sustain the motion
that I make to reconsider the vote by which the
previous question was seconded, in order that I
may offer this amendment to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the vote ordering
the mam question was reconsidered. •
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resoJuiion.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the reso-
lution by inserting the name of Mr. McHenry.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman from
Kentucky not to press thatamendment. Thecase
of McHenry will stand separately justaswcllas
if will in this connection.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES, if the gentleman wants me to
sperk plainly 1 will do sol Just as true as he I
puts that name into tins resolution the whole
will be ,voted down. I want the gentleman to un- |
deistand me. I do not mean to say by that that
I should yote against it. But I mean to tell the
gentleman from Kentucky that just as sure as
he puts in that name the resolution will be voted
down. These two cases of Birch and Price are
precisely like that of Bruce. They had the ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections in their favor.
The committee considered'that under such cir-
cumstances there could not be any impropriety
in paying Bruce, The case of McHenry stands
on a different ground. The Committee of Elec-
tions reported against McHenry very strongly.
There was but one member of the committee dis-
agreeing to that report.
I suggest to the gentleman from Kentucky (not
intending thereby to intimate that I would vote
against reasonable compensation to Mr. 'Mc-
Henry) that by his pursuing that amendment
there will be this result: we will pay one man and
refuse to pay another whose case is exactly alike.
Mr. MALLORY, Mr. Speaker, 1 fail to ap-
preciate the force of the reasons urged by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. If I understand
him at all the whole tenor of his remaiks results
in this, that if Iinsiston putting Mr. McHenry's
name in the resolution alon<f with the names of
these two gentlemen from Missouri, the objection
to paying Mr. McHenry is so strong in the House
that the contestants from Missouri will fall with
him, and no pay will be given to either. If that
be the case, let it be so. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has stated that there is a great dif-
ference m the cases. I fail to perceive it. I un-
derstand that these two gentlemen from Missouri
contested the seats of the sitting members on the
ground that they obtained their seats here through
military interference. The Committee of Elec-
tions considered these contested cases and virtu-
ally reported that there was not military inter-
ference enough to justify the House in saying
that these sitting member* were not entitled to
their seats. On precisely the same ground was
the seat of my colleague [Mr. Yeaman] con-
tested by Mr. McHenry. The Committee of Elec-
tions reported that ther£ was not sufficient evidence
of military interference to justify the House in
deciding that Mr. Yeaman was notentitled to his
seat. There were certain cases of military inter-
ference to some extent proved in every one of
these cases; and in my estimation enough was
proved to justify each of these contestants in bring-
ing the case before the House for its action.
Jf there is justice m paying one of these con-
testants there is justice in paying all. If the'gen-
tleman from Massachusetts means to intimate
that this House will vote down this resolution
because the name of Mr. McHenry is inserted
in it, or because of an effort-on my part to get
that name inserted m the resolution, in the name
of God let it be voted dgwn. If that sort of a
leason is to influence the House, let us know it.
Mr. DAWES. Thegentlenmii from Kentucky
will take the suggestion in the spirit in which I
have made it. i made the suggestion to the gen-
tleman, and of coutse he will do what he thinks is
his duty. I have nothing further to say upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I insist on the amendment.
Mr. WADSWORTH demanded the previous
question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The question recurred 011 Mr. Mallory's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were — ayes
seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was adopted, and the name
of J. H. McHenry, jr., was inserted in the reso-
lution.
Mr. UPSON moved that the resolution belaid
upon the table.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
50,♦noes 6'0.
Mr. UPSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered., i
The question was taken; and theie were—yeas
64, nays 63, not voting 54; as follows:
V.CA£—Mc-sia. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Amiojson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John I). Baldwin, Baxti r, Beainan, Boutweil,
Bowl, Uraauf'Kee, Ambrose \V. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb. Cole, Flt-nrv Winter Davi-s,Thomas T. Davis, Dixon,
Diic^, Kckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Flank, Higby, Hooper,
liotenkissj Asuhel W. Hubbard, John H. liubbaid, lager-
