1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
decidedly opposed to the last section of this bill.
The "difficulty struck me at the time when the
amenrimetuof the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. i
Morrill] was offered, which in effect repeals the
act of 1862. " It repeals, also, of coarse, the one
hundred and nineteenth section; and that section
operates as a prohibition to the enfoicement of
the act of 1861 until April, 1865. But the effect
of the adoption of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Vermont is to leave the same burdens
upon us under the act of 1861.
I look upon it precisely as the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] does. As the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont has been
already adopted, there is no way to remedy
that except by the adoption of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana. If that
is not done, we must look to see this direct tax
enforced, not, as the gentleman would intimate,
on the rebellious States, but on the loyal States.
That was the aigument of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] that this must be main-
tained, because we must hold our grip on the re-
bellious Suites. If it were to opeiate entirely on
these rebellious States, I do not know that I would
say a word against it. But 1 am opposed to Mis-
souri having to pay 1800,000 this year m order
that we may hold on, not to our grip, for we have
none, but to our pretensions to recover taxes from
these rebellious States.
And so it is with all the States in the West.
The taxes are to be levied as I understand upon
real estate, and you will sell out every man in
the United States who owns forty acres of land
in order to do it. I want this House to remem-
ber that when this act of 1863 was passed we
owned one hundred and fourteen thousand slaves,
according to the census, and you have stripped
us of all of them. You have stripped us of
$50,000,000 worth of property; we have been bear-
ing the bruntofthe warasoneofthe border States;
we have already laid out $3,000,000 in support-
ing this war, which we have not yet got back.
Our State is pressed in every way, and notwith-
standing the law passed fully postponing this tax
against us until 1865, we are to pay, in addition
to the internal revenue that has been levied upon
us by the bill under consideration, in the neigh-
borhood of eight hundred thousand dollars this
year as a direct tax upon our real estate. 1 can-
not sanction-an idea of that kind with a view of
holding on to our grip, as the gentleman says, on
the rebellious States, I do not see at any rate
how gentlemen can claim the light to tax these
States while holding the position that they are
foreign States and aliens. Jf that is their posi-
tion we have no rurht to tax them; they must be
treated as foreign nations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to say that upon look-
ing at the repealing law which has just been
passed, I will accept the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] as a part ot
my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I submit the followingamend-
ment, Mr. Chan man, as an additional section to
the bill:
174. Jlnri he itfwther enacted, That the lax levied
in M'Clioit miH'iy'tiire"'' nut be held toapply tovi-s-t-H
piopclied exclusively by satis.
The clauses of section ninety-three to which my
amendment refers impose a tax of two per cent.
ad valorem on " all ships, baiks, brigs, schooners,
sloops, sail-boats, steamboats, and canal-boats,
when built," and a similar tax upon all subse-
quent repairs made to such vessels. The purport
and scope of my amendment will therefore be at
once manifest, and 1 beg the attention of the
House for the few minutes that I shall consume
m explaining it and urging its adoption.
To-day, in the ahip-buildmg region which I in
part represent, it will cost from one hundred to
one hundred and ten thousand dollars to build and
complete a ship of one thousand tons. The same
ship could be built m the adjoining piovmre of
New Brunswick for from sixty to seventy thou-
sand dollars; and as soon as it is ready for sea
the British bottom comes into our American poits
to compete with our own \esse)s for our foicign
tiade. Thus it will be seen that in plat ing a dnect
ad valorem tax on our ships you impose a buiden
without giving any opportunity for piotecuori or
remuneration. In this respect the lax h dulerfit
from almost every other one in the entire bill un-
der consideration. Indeed, 1 hazatd little in say-
ing that you might search in vain for tin analogous
tax in the whole two hundred and sixteen pages
of the act. In every other instance where you
impose an internal duty on a trade or business,
you so adjust your external duties as to give pro-
tection to the party taxed, and afford him facili-
ties to remunerate himself. But in the case of
ships you impose this tax and send themfoith to
compete with the cheaper-built vesfels of other
nations, at the same time admitting those cheaper
vessels to a full and equal participation in the for-
eign trade of our own country. How can we ex-
pect American commerce to maintain itself under
such exactions and injurious discriminations?
Iam not pleading, Mr. Chairman, that the ship-
building interest should be exempt from taxation,
and J maintain that without this two percent, ad
valorem tax it bears its equitable and full share of
the geneiai burden. Why, justlook at the facts.
Sir, to-day neai !y everything that enters into the
construction and outfit of a ship is very heavily
taxed. The iron, the copper, the sails, the rig-
ging, the plumbing, the pumps, the chains, the
cables, the anchors, the painting, the caulking,
all pay an average tax of five per cent, under this
very bill,and in addition to all this it is proposed,
after these high-taxed mateiials are gathered to-
gether and by skilled woikmen wrought into a
ship, to tax the whole of them two per cent, mak-
ing a tax of #2,000 on a ship of a thousand tons.
I submit that the tax if laid is a tax on labor;
the materials are aheady taxed and taxed fully,
and this additional two per cent, is absolutely
levied upon the skilled mechanics who put those
materials together.
Ships are "included in this bill in the same sec-
tion with manvfactwes. in the original internal
revenue bill ships were not specifically mentioned,
but in some districts a tax was assessed on them
under the section including " all manufactures."
But the able Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
now an honoied member of this House, [Mr.
Boutwell,] ruUd very wisely, in my judgment,
that a ship was not piopei ly or technically a t<m-
ufaclure. The building of it involves numerous
manufactures, but the ship if self is a structure and
should no nxue he leckoned a manufacture than
a house or block of stores should be, and hence the
Comnnssionei decided that ships were not sub-
ject to the tax. A very wise decision, I think,
and one which logically involves the conclusion
which is embodied m my amendment. And I am
veiy Mue,sir, that my homnuble luend from
Massachusetts still holds tins view. [Mr. Bout-
well nodded assent.]
It is a great mistake, Mr. Chairman, to assume
that the shipping interest is in a prosperous state.
I am aware that some peisons engaged in navi-
gation have made large profits duimg the past
three years, but as a whole American shipping
has greatly suffered m consequence of the war.
1 do not think 1 exaggerate when L say that within
the iast year a much larger number of American
vessels have been changed to fintish registers
than have been launched from northern ship-
yards. The very high price of material, the scar-
city and the cost of iaboi render the production of
ships exceedingly expensive, and such pirates
as the Alabama make their sailing very unsafe.
With all these obstacles, discouragements, and
risks to contend against, Lhe shipping interest
may, I think, with fairness and with emphasis
ask to be exempted from this extra buiden of two
per cent. I know the tax has the high sanction
of the Committee of Ways and Means, who re-
ported it, and it has the additional approval of
having been adopted by this House. But iam sure,
Mr. Chairman, that no one here desires to inflict a
blowupon ourfoieign commerce; and m the belief
that the subject has not been fully canvassed and
considered, I have ventured to offer my amend-
I ment, and suggest these leasons for its adoption.
| Mr. BLAINE demanded tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blaine, and
Steele of New Jersey, weic appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
, —ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
i So the amendment was adopted.
| Mi. KASSON. I move to add the following
| as an additional section:
; J2r'le if<nihir tnnrird* That v. here any t. x or dmy U
imposed by law, and the mode or time of assessment or
collection is not thetein provided, the same shall be estab-
lished by regulation of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
when ^0 established, shall have the force and effect of law,
and all other provisions of law having relation thereto &haij
he applied accordingly.
I will say for the information of the committee
that in some eases where articles have been added
in the Committee ot the Whole we have not spe-
cified as in other cases the time and mode of col-
lection, and some general provision like this is
necessary in order to make all portions of the
measure harmonize.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man,! am opposed to the amendment, i donotlike
to delegate to the Secretary of theTreasury any-
thing so important. It seems to be proposed by the
gentleman from Iowa that we shall confer power
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to do all that
Congress has not done. When the people are to
be taxed, 1 want it to be done by their own Rep-
resentatives, and not by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to strike out so much
of the amendment as provides that the regulation
of the Secretary of the Treasury shall have the
force and effect of law.
Mr. KASSON. There are certain articles
which are taxed in reference to time, and this
provision is necessary.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdrawmyamendment.
Mr. GANSON. I renew it. This Congress
has no right to confer legislative powers upon the
Secxetary of the Treasury, to tell what shall and
what shall not be law. The whole thing is absurd.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will withdraw the latter part of bis amend-
ment, which provides that the regulation of the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have the force
and effect of law.
Mr. KASSON. I modify my amendment in
that way.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move the following to come in
as an additional section:
Jliul be it further enacted. That this bill s>hall l>e and re-
main in force only until the Ut day of June, 1866.
Mr. Chairman, the reason why I offer that
amendment is simply this: by the 1st of June,
1866, we imy have a change of Administration,
and the time may come when we will reach an-
other conclusion m reference to this tax bill. We
cannot then have the'voice of the people ex pressed,
because the Senate will defeat all of our meas-
ures. 1 hope by that time that the war will be
over and the burdens of taxation decreased, and
I hope, theiefoie, that we will insert a provision
by which this proposed law will expire by its
own limitation.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, indi-
cated verbal mistakes and errors of punctuation
in the bill, which weie severally corrected.
Mr. ICALBFLEISCH, by unanimous consent,
was allowed to go back and move the following
amendment:
Insert "or any office under the Government;" so that
it will read:
Slc. 35. Jind be it further enacted, That each and every
collector, or his deputy, who shall exercise or be guilty of
any extortion or willful oppression, under color ot law, or
shall knowingly demand other or eater sums than shall
be authorized by law, shall be liable to pay a sum not ex-
ceeding double the amount of damages accruing to the
party injured, to be recovered by and for the use of the
party injured, with eons oi suit, and shall be dismissed
trom office, and be disqualified from holding such office, or
any office undcrthPGovernment, thereafter; and each and
every collector, or lie? deputies, shall give receipts lor all
sums by them collected.
Mr. KASSON. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] has the matter of penal-
ties under his charge, and will move a general
provision covering all of these cases.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I do not see whatob-
jection there can be to my amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS. With the consent of the
committee, I desire to go back to page 133, sec-
tion ninety-five, and offer an amendment for the
put pose of supplying an omission. That section
exempts from duty timber partially wrought and
unfinished for chairs, tubs, pails, hubs, spokes,
&c. I desire to move toann-nd by inserting after
" spokes" the words "wagon-hubs and shafts."
