1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBS:
all proclamations of the President made during the exist-
ing rebellion having reference to slave?., so long and so Tar
as" not modified and declared void by decision of the Su-
preme Cou:t. So help me God.'
u And f do further proclaim, declare, and make known
that whenever, in any of the States, cf Arkansas, Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Tenne«-<ee, Alabama, Georgia.
Florida, South Carolina, and North Carolina, a number of
persons, not less than one tenth in number of lite voles cast
in «ueh State at the presidential election of the y^ar ofour
Lord 1860, each having taken the oath afoie>aid, and not
having since violated it, and bein<? a qualified voter by the
election law ot the State existing immediately before the
fcO-called aet of seee&aion, awl excluding ail otheis, shail
reestablish a State government which shall be republican,
and tn nowise contravening said oath, such shall be rec-
ognized a-* the true government of the Sf.ite, and the State
shall receive thereundei the benefits of the constitutional
provision which declares? that 'the United States shall
jmaianty to every State in this Union a republican form of
government, and shall protect each of them against inva-
sion; and on application of the Legislature, or the Execu-
tive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence.'"
By reference to this proclamation it will be seen
that no persons are invited " to reinauguiatc loyal
State governments in the States named except
persons heretofore engaged in said rebellion."
Hence the citizen who has always been true to (he
Union under the Constitution is not permitted to
take part in the elections for the reorganization
of State governments until he shall have acknowl-
edged himselfguilty of treason to the Government
and bound himself by oath to support the parti-
san policy of the Administration. As tins plan
of reconstruction, as it is called by Mr. Lincoln,
is only a scheme to force upon the country his
reelection to the Presidency, the exclusion of men
from the ballot-box who have not the taint of
treason upon their garments, while the traitor, Ins
hand still red with the blood of our dead soldiers,
is invited, upon binding himself by.oath to sup-
port the policy of the President, to deposit his
vote, is significant of the position of the true
Union men of the South. They are opposed to
the wicked and ruinous course of the Adminis-
tration. They know that the Union cannot be
preserved under its radical policy. If Mr. Lin-
coln was the man of their choice for President
they would .not be crowded from the polls by men
whose recent and sudden conversion from the
service of Jeff. Davis to the cause of abolitionism
creates a suspicion that their motives may not be
pure.
With his usual propensity for joking, the Presi-
dent facetiously says that' * when a number of per-
sons, not less than one tenth in number of the
votes cast in such State'at the presidential elec-
tion of the year of our Lord I860, each having
taken the oath aforesaid, and not having since
violated it, and excluding all others, shall rees-
tablish a State government which shall be repub-
lican,and in nowise contravening said oatji," the
protection of the General Government is to be
extended to such State government, and it is to
be shielded from domestic violence. No person
except Mr. Lincoln, who is in the habit of jest-
ingaboutmatteis of thegiavcst importance, would
pretend to call a government republican that ex-
cluded nine tenths of the people from all partici-
pation in its affairs, and permitted the oth«jr tenth
to act only in obedience to the rules prescribed by
oneman. f always understood a republican gov-
ernment to be one in which the voice of a major-
ity of the people was necessary to the election of
their law-makers. I take it for granted that the
General Government will have no light duty to
perform in protecting such State governments as
the Pie&ident proposes tooiganize in the seceded
States from domestic violence. The nine tenths
whose rights of person and of property arc to be
at the absolute mercy of the one tenth will not
rest quietly under the dominance of their mer-
ccnaiy and cowardly masters. The people of the
loyal States will be taxed to the full extent of hu-
man endurance to enable the President's procon-
suls to rule over their countrymen in the seceded
States. A system of rotten-borough representa-
tion will be ingrafted upon our Constitution that
will fill both Houses of Congress with political
mendicants whose subserviency to their master,
the President, will only be equaled by their
treachery to our republican institutions. The de-
bauched minions who will come up here under
this policy, the odor of treason still rank upon
their garments, false to the Union and the Con-
stitution 111 their hour of greatest peril, falsetto
the cause of rebellion only when its power began
to wane, purged of their crimes against the coun-
try by pledging themselves to be equally false to
constitutional liberty, will pollute with their cor-
ruptions every department of the Government.
Base sycophants, basking in the sunshine of ex-
ecutive favor, will " crook the pregnant hinges of
the knee "under the guardianship of usurped au-
thority, 'fthat thrift may follow fawning."
Why should such a premium be offered to men
to rebel against the Government? According to
this plan of reconstruction one man in South Car-
olina, Georgia, or Mississippi will exertasmuch
political influence in the Government as twenty
men in Illinois. The ratio of representation is based
on population where all are free. In the States
named more than one half the population are ne-
groes, to be free according to this plan of recon-
struction, and hence enumerated m making up the
ratio of re presentation in Congress and the electoral
college. One tenth of the voters under the election
laws of the State existing at the time of secession,
representing less than one twentieth of thcinhab-
itants enumerated as a basis of congressional ap-
portionment, elect the members of Congress and
electors for Picsidentand ViccPiesident, while in
Illinois the voteis represent the whole population,
except a few blacks and persons convicted of
certain crimes. Hence the vote of the pardoned
traitor of Mississippi, who is bound by oath to
support this Administration, counts as much as
the united votes of twenty freemen of Illinois who
are fighting the battles of their country and pay-
ing their taxes for the support of the Government.
Gieatand loud complaints were made in times
past by the party fi iends of the gentlemen on the
other side of the House because of the three-fifths
iuIo, as it was called, by which the non-voters
of the South had a partial representation on this
floor. This Republican Administration now pro-
poses a system under which the negro popula-
tion of tlie South will have an equal repiesenta-
tion with the white population of the North, and,
under its ruleexclu'H+ig nine tenths of the voters,
each person castiY.^'the negro vote of the South
will be equal to t£n white voters in the North !
Is this the entertainment to which the loyal
people of this country were invited? Is this the
Union forwhichsomuch blood and treasure have
been expended? Is this the " Union asit ought to
be" which has been promised, incomparison with
which the "Union as it was "is a hateful thing, fit
only for traitors, who refuse to become the swoin
henchmen of Lincoln, and the " peace men," who
desire the reestablishment of the Union formed by
Washington and Madison and their compeers?
Why is it, Mr. Chairman, that, in addition to
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, persons who have been engaged in the
rebellion, desiring to avail themselves of execu-
tive clemency, must also take un oath that they
"will in like manner abide by and faithfully sup-
poi t all proclamations of the President made dur-
ing the existing rebellion, having lefeience to
slaves?" The Preside nt saya that this test is re-
quired m order " to separate the opposing ele-
ments, so as to build only from the sound." In
other words, the man who thinks the "Pope's
bull against rho comet" is not calculated to lepel
its threatenedapproach, and preventthe reappeai-
ance of any more of its kind, is not capable of
self-govern men t;thucfo re, "I, Abraham Lincoln,
do declaie and make known that no man within
my dominions, wanting in credulity, shall be
pet milted, at the next election, to vote foi my
competitor for President. True, [ will not coerce
any person to take the rcquned oath. The elec-
tion shall bo peifeetly ftee. Every man who has
taken an oath to support me and my policy can
vote without molestation. If, in the exercise of
your free will in the piemises, you refuse to fol-
low my dictation, you may perhaps be plundered
by my fi tends; for the opposing elements have
been separated, and you aieof the Gentiles, you
arc not sound;" the leelection of Mr. Lincoln to
the Piesideney by such means as these wolild be
as i;ieat an outrage upon the rights of the peo-
ple of tins country as was the first election of
Louis Napoleon upon the rights of the people of
France.
The Piesident says that "on examination of
this proclamation it will appear, as is believed,
that nothing is attempted beyond what is amply
justified by the Constitution." Justified by the
Constitution I How? Where? Will some one
point out the clause in that instrument which au-
thorizes the President to fix the qualification of
voters, to strike down the lawsand institutionsoi*
the States, to impoverish the people of one thU*(iof
the Union without regard to guilt or innocence,
age, sex, or condition? I challenge the champions
of the Administration in this House to show by
the most liberal rules of construction "any warrant
whatever in the Constitution for what is contera- ,
plated by this proclamation. Sir, the framersof
the Constitution, instead of authorizing the Pres-
ident to disfranchise the people of the States for.
opposingemancipation,actually protected slavery-
by requiring the return of the fugitive from labor
in case of his escape from one State to another.
There isa law now upon your statute-book to carry
this provision of the Constitution into effect; and
the President, who is requiring the citizens of ten
States to take an oath to aid him in forcing eman-
cipation upon the people, is himself bound bvoatlt
to see that the fugitive slave law is faithfully ex-
ecuted. This institution is recognized by the Con-
sytution of the United States as existing in cer-
ttnn States "under the laws thereof;" and the
President would compel the citizens of such States
to disregard those laws, when the Constitution,
which he is sworn to support, requires him to re-
spect, and in a certain contingency to support and
cnfoice, those laws.
Mr. Chairman, the President seems to think
because the power is given him to "grant re-
prieves and pardons for offenses against the Uni-
ted States," that therefore he may attach such
conditions to a pardon as will not only bind the
ciiminal to a certain course of political action,
but that he has the further right to require the
citizens of the State not guilty of crime to comply
with the same conditions or be disfranchised. Did
the framers of the Constitution ever dream that
such a construction would be given to this grant
of pow.er? Was it intended that this act of ex-
ecutive clemency should be used as an engine
toadvancc the personal or political ends of the
President? I will not stop to inquire whether or
not a conditional pardon maybe granted. Nor
do I question the propriety of requiring those who
.have actually been engaged in the rebellion to
take an oath to support the Constitution before
receiving pardon. I understand the reason for
investing the Executive with this power is that
the rules of law are necessarily inflexible, giving
judgment upon the acts and motives of men and
"yielding nothing to circumstances of mitigation
suirounding particular individuals. To afford
relief in cases of peculiar hardship, the Presi-
dent, whose duty it is to see that the laws are exe-
cuted, is permitted to temper their harsh sentences
with mercy, by interposingapardon. Such is the
theory upon which this power rests. The "Ex-
ecutive may grant the pardon, but must not at-
tach conditions in derogation of the rights ot
otheis.
For instance, if the President pardon John Doe,
who has been sentenced for the crimeof treason,it
would not hp proper to put a condition in the par-
don requiring the recipient of executive clemency
to take his neighbors' property, or to trespass
upon their lands, or to confederate with others and
exclude them from the polls. In shoit, persons
guilty of ciime who have been relieved from its
consequences by an act of clemency cannot, in
aceoidunce with our institutions or those of any
other civilized nation, be set apart as the exclu-
sive governing power of the State or nation. In
some countries there is a nobility established on the
basis of great service to the State, eitherby them-
selves or their ancestors; but I know of no coun-
try, in ancient or modern times, that has made
crime the only passport to office and honor. Yet
the President, under (he pretext of pardoning all
the people of ten States, many being guilty, but
not one of whom stands convicted of crime against
the United States, and a huge poitionof whom
ate as innocent as any gentleman on this floor,
undertakes to nullify the constitutions and laws
of those States; to revolutionize their social sys-
tems, and finally to disfranchise nine tenths of
their people, and to bring the whole power of the
Fedeial Government to bear to enable the one
tenth to rule over the remainder. To state the
pioposition is sufficient to stamp it with infamy.
As a specimen of cool impudence, I will read the
