1864.
THE 0Oj\tGRESSIOiSTAL GLOBE.
2§83
which I have not yet reached-. I have sufficiently
disposed of the technical objection made to the
return, and 1 submit to any lawyer in this House
if my construction of that law m not correct.
I now come to the other objection made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the votes were
illegal and fraudulent. How does he prove it?
Why, sir, he proved it by hunting up a deposition
which 1ms been excluded by an order of the
House. He proved it by reading a deposition
which this House has declared has not been taken
in conformity to the statute—-a like deposition to
one which in the contested-election case of Knox
and Blair was ruled out by the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to ask thegentleman
whether the deposition in the Blair case was not
taken here this winter with no chance given for
reply. The deposition in this case was taken fif-
teen months ago, and if you^could show that more
than fifteen men voted there you had months in
which to do it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He says the deposi-
tion in the Blair case was taken here this winter.
But the power of the House extends to the right
of extending the time to enable the party to take
additional testimony.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why not count your white
men ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That was not the point
on which^e deposition was excluded. It was
excluded on the solemn judgment of the House
because it was an illegal deposition, because it
was not taken in accordance ith law, but against
the law. If I recollect i ightmy friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] voted to exclude the
deposition in the Blair case. With what kind of
a face, then, can he or any other member of the
House who voted to exclude a deposition for the
purpose of getting Mr. Blair out of his seat and
putting the contestant in it, vote now to receive a
deposition that has the same defect?
Mr. SCOFIELD. When the gentleman from
Illinois comes to a fact, he has a very defective
memory. I did not so vote in the Blair case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps not. The
House, however, did so vote.
Now I wish to say a word in reference to the
deposition of this man Buckman. In courts of
justice we not only attack the formality of a depo-
sition, but we have sometimes a method of at-
tacking the credibility of a witness. Who is
Buckman who makes this deposition about the
Pembina vote?
He was elected to the Legislature of Dakota
Territory by the same vote that the contestant in
this case received. He went to the Legislature,
took his seat, and sat throughout the session.
He afterwards came to the city of'Washington,
and upon the recommendation of the sitting; Dele-
gate in this case and his friends he procured a
clerkship in the post office, where he is now.
Mr. UPSON. I deny that that is a fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friends are very
technical.
Mr. UPSON. They are truthful.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Neverthless, what I
said is true, and I will not take it back. The man
isacleik in the post office here to-day, or was
until recently. If not now, he has been sent away
to Dakota. But he did hold such an office here;
and he did hold it, too, on the recommendation
of a brother-in-law of the sitting Delegate, the
appointment being charged, as I understand, to
ihe State of Illinois. But Buckman was not, and
never was, a resident of that State.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Docs the gentleman mean
to say. that a man who obtains a clerkship in the
post office on the recommendation of Senator
Trumbull, of Illinois, is therefore a witness who
ia not credible? Has the gentleman such a low
estimate of Illinois Senators and of Illinois men
that the fact of this witness holding a clerkship
on the reoomtnendation of Senator Trumbull is a
circumstance going to show that he is not woithy
of ciedit under oath ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not said that.
The gentleman's mind is running on faster than
mv convocation. He hasjumped to a conclusion,
perhaps legally and properly, that this man is
not ont'tlod to credit as a man of truth and ve-
racity. But 1 have not said so. I was only ask-
ing who the m.m was and "was giving a little item
of Ins history, i said he was elected to the Da-
kota Legislature by the «timo vote in Pembina
district which it is claimed that Mr. Todd re-
ceived. He then came to Washington city, and
was appointed clerk in the post office. And it
was here that his deposition was taken. He had
held a seat in the Legislature for one whole ses-
sion—the sitting Delegate being the Governor of
the Territory and present theee, seeing him daily;
and yet the sitting Delegate did not then take the
depositions of this man. Why did he notdo so?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man's question if he will allow me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps I will answer
it myself before I get through. I know it ia said
by Buckman in his deposition that the first con-
versation he had with the sitting Delegate was
only a few weeks before the deposition was taken,
here in the city of Washington. But is it not a
little remarkable that the Governor of the Terri-
tory, knowing that his seat was contested, should
associate for one whole session with a member of
the Legislature without inquiring or finding out
something about the vote of Pembina? The law
happens to require that depositions shall be taken
within the district and within a certain number
of days. This deposition was not taken in the
district; it was not taken within the time, but long
afterwards, and by the judgment of the majority
of the Committee of Elections was excluded from
their report. In compliance with theorderofthe
House declaring in another case, upon solemn ad-
judication, a deposition similar to this in every
material point should not be received or read to
the House, they deemed themselves so iristi ucted.
Now, what would my friend think ofa lawyer
who m trying a case continually insisted upon
reading a suppressed deposition—a deposition
that had been suppressed by the very court he-
fore which he was arguing his cause?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will you say that the facts
set forth in the deposition are false? That is the
point. Do you not know they arc true? Is not
the proof ample that there were but six white
men there?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman ia
troubled about those six white men. [Laughter.]
lam now dealing with the gentleman's techni-
calities.
Mr. SCOFIELD. You are good at that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, sir, what is to be ,
thought ott lie deposition ofa man who was himself
a party to the fraud his deposition professes to ex-
pose; who himself procmed the very fraud and ras-
calities in reference to which he testifi* s; who has
himselftaken the benefit of the fraud; who has held
a seat in the Legislature of that Territory for the
full term the law would permit by the same vote
which Ins deposition exposes as fraudulent? Jn
reply to the question of thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, i do not think the deposition of such a
man sufficient to establish the facts alleged, espe-
cially when it stands out alone unsupported by a
scintillaof other testimony. Not another witness
testifies directly or remotely to any such allega-
tion. His affidavit comes to us unsupported and
uncorroborated; and I ask whether this House
will perpetrate sftch gross injustice upon the de-
position of a man who by his own admission is
covered all aver by fraud and corruption, as to
deny a man a seat in this House who is other-
wise faitly elected.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania complains
that the officers at that election—the judges and
clerks—were not competent. He says that they
were not qualified; that they consisted of one
white man and two Indians. All of this is sup-
ported by only the testimony of this man Buck-
man. The whole speech of ihe gentleman is
based upon the testimony of this man Buckman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Do not you believe every
word of it is true?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe every word
of the gentleman's speech I have too high an
opinion of the gentleman to believe he would in-
tentionally mislead the House. j
Mr. SCO PI ELD. And you believe every word '
of the deposition p I
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, sir, I must be j
allowed to aay in ali sincerity that I do nflt he- |
lieve t'vry word of it. I would not decide a cn<se j
where fi\'e dollars was involved upon the testi- !
ruouy of such a man under such cm cumstauces.
It is true that-tins man Buckman does testify that
only one of these judges of election was an Amer-
ican-born white man, and that two were HaU'-
breeds; but it is also true that one of th*se -men,
Grant, to whom he objects as not a white man,
used to hold a seat in the Legislature of Minne-
sota, and is widely known in that country as an
Indian trader. It may be he has a little Indian
blood in him; whether he has or not we have no
proof except the deposition of this man Buckman.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to go further into
the matter of*the Pembina vote. 1 think enough
has been said to dispose of that vote; and when
you have disposed of it you have disposed of
the whole basis of the minority report. If the
House will stultify itself and admit that deposi-
tion, and if it believes that vote was fraudulent,
it should l>e excluded. But then comes the ques-
tion, how does the vote stand-in the remaining por-
tions of the Territory? and upon this subject I
have a word to say. Herein 1 differ somewhat
with the majority of the Committee of Elections
in this case. The first county to which I shall
call the attention of the House is that of Bon
Homme, which the committee in their report ex-
clude. It was also excluded by the canvassers
originally in canvassing the vote of the Territory.
I ask the£lerk to read, for the purposeof placing
the facts before the House, that portion of the
report.of the committee in which they have in-
corporated a summary of the testimony in regard
to Bon Homme county.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Bon Homme County.—The vote of this county was reject-
ed by the canvasser^, and it is claimed by ihe contestant
that there should be counted from tins county 26 votes for
hun, and 13 for tiie sitting Delegate. The evidence shows
(pages 33, 5ti) that the polls were opened at nine o'clock in
the morning, .it (he house of G. M. I'inncy, United States
ntai-hal; Moses [leriick, D. C. Gioss, and Jacob Kiel acted
as judges. Silas G In.-h was originally appointed by the
county commissioners of the county, as the law requires,
to act as one of the judges. He wa« notified of his appoint-
ment by Harvey flai though, one of the commissioner-*, a~iid
accepted the appoininieiTt. A few days alter tins same
Mr. llartsough, one ol the commissioners, came to him and
said to hun that he didn't' care a damn whether wo (i e-
lerime: to the Jayne paitv) had the m.vjontyor not; we
would swindle them (the Todd paity) out of it anyhow.' [
replied to Mi. Ilarfsough, that' You cannot carry any elec-
tion that way. As a Republican, I was disgusted with this
piactiee ol the Demon at-, in Kansas, and that no fiaudulent
vote should go into that ballot-box unless it walked fir^t
over mo.' lie turned away horn me in seeming di-gu-t at
my reply. I heaid very shortly alter that Mi. Skinner was
appointed in my place on the election boaid."
Mr. Skmiiei .w<i-< not permitted to *fm;, however. On
the morning of the eleeiion he repaired to the polls, before
nine o'clock as the witnesses think, at any late before '
any voting was commenced, and lound Jacob Kiel, the
seivaut ot this fame Harvey !Iuithough, and known as
the Dutch boy in this county, (page 28,) installed in his
place, and the Uintpd States marshal refused to admit
Skinner into the room, deflating that Jacob Kiel should act
a«. judge. The voting was dono through a window. One
witness (Shoboi) theieupon stationed himself at the win-
dow on the outside, nnd requeued the voters to vote open
tickets, while betook their name*, and tbo-«e who vot*>d tor
Todd did so, numbeiing 25 in nil, whose name* he gives,
(page 31.) And there were 14 oihoi voter*, making 39 ni
all. A iec<l5-s of an lioot wan taken for dinnci, and din ing
that tune Moses Ilemek, one of the judge's, took the bal-
lot-box and earned it away with hun into a loom in bin
own house by himself. The balloting coutmucd in the
afternoon, arid at the close of the polls, when the counting
commenced, winch is described bv the witness as follows,
(iKig.'sas, so ) £
"The judges proceeded to count the ballots, denying
admittance to the elpctois at the polls. Tin* judges first
began the canvass of the votes by taking the tickets ftom
the ballot-box and sepaialmg the same into two different
piles—the Todd tickets in one pile, mid the Jaync: tickets
in the other yiie Jayne tickets were distinguishable fiom
the Todd tickets by their blotted surface, the ink showing
plainly through the ticket. It became at once appaient
thatafiaud had been pcipctrated, by the substitution of
ballots duiing the hour had lor dinner. Thete were at this
tune about twenty-five pewms around thepolN, and much
excip'ineitf ensued -As soon a^ I saw the excitement. 1
demanded to be admitted, and to have the canvas made
public, which was at that tone peremptorily i cfused by the
judge.-,, and by Mr. i'mney, who was their spokesman.
Dating this time Mr. Johnson and myself were standing
at the window, daectiy in front of the judges. Upon this
refund of admission into the room the excitement still in-
cica. ed. The judges thereupon yatheied up the tickets
and threw them back into the box. f then again demanded
admission. After some hesitation, Pinney suggested that
myself and Edwaid Giffoid be admitted; we entered to-
gether, and went up to Mo-ps Ileruck. one of the judges
or election, and asked him to piotred with the canvass,
wiiich he jeiused to do. I then asked him to show me the
tickets, wheieupon he handed me thlitv of the tickets to
examine. I looked them ov<n m hi© presence, and found
that 1 wa< tight m my conclusions. I then asked hipi to
show me the other tune of the tickets, which he retired. 1
S'ound filt'-esi tickets, among the number handed me, for
J ivne* 1 thi'ii laid them down on the tabic and remarked
to Mr. Ileiiiek that theie \va,s vrun.x facie evidence of
fraud ; that there had riot been fifteen votes cast for Jaynej.
whereupon the judges and clerks jumped up, undo* the
le^u of G. M. Pinney, and left the rooip, leaving poil-
hoQks, ballot?, and ail papers connected with the election,
