862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
proclamation of Major General Banks ordering
an election for State officers in Louisiana:
Headquarters Department of the Gulp,
Nlw Orleans, January'} 18G4.
To the People of Louisiana:
I. In pui<uance of authority vested in me by the Presi-
dent of the United State?, aifd upon consultation with many
representative men of different interests, being fully assured
that more than a tenth of the population desue the eailust
possible restoration of Louisiana to the Union,! invite the
loyal citizens of the Statu qualified to vote in public affairs,
as hereinafter prescribed, to assemble in the election pre-
cincts designated by law, or at such places as> may here-
after be established, on the 22d day of Febiuary, 1864, to
cast their votes for the election of State officers herein
named, namely: 1. Governor. 2. LieutenantGovemor. 3.
Secretary of State. 4. Treasurer. 5. Attorney General.
6« Superintendent of Public Instruction. 7. Auditor of
Public Accounts; who shall when elcctcd, for the time
being, and until otheix are appointed by competent author-
ity, constitute the civil govemmcntof the State, undei the
constitution and laws ot Louisiana, except so much of the
said constitution and laws as recognize, regulate, or relate
to slavery, which being inconsistent with the present con-
dition of public affairs,"and plainly inapplicable to any class
of persons now existing within its limits, must be sus-
pended, and they are therefore and hereby declared to be
inoperative and void. This proceeding is not intended to
ignore the right of pioperty existing prior to the rebellion,
nor to preclude the claim foi compensation of loyal citizer$
lor losses sustaiaed by enlistments or other authorized acts
of the Government.
If. The oath of allegiance prescribed by the Piesident's
proclamation, with the condition affixed to the elective
tranches by the constitution of Louisiana, will constitute
the Qualification of voters in this election. Officers elected
by them will be duly installed in their ofiices on the 4th day
of March, 1864.
1H. The registration of voters, effected under the direc-
tion of the miiitaiy governor and the tevetal Union associ-
ations, not inconsistent with the pioclamation or other or-
ders of the President, are confirmed and approved.
IV. In order that the organic law of the State may be
made to confoim to the will of the people, and harmonize
with the spirit of the age, as well us to maintain and pre-
serve the ancient landmatks of civil and religious libeity,
an election of delegates to a convention for the revision of
the constitution will be hold on the lir^t Monday of Apnl,
18ol. The basis of representation, the number of dele-
gates, and the details of election, will he announced in sub-
Hequcnt orders.
V. Aiiangements will he made for tiie early election of
member of Congiess for the State.
VI. The fuiidaiiient.il law of the Ftate is mama! law.
It Is« competent and ju«t for the Government to surrender to
the people,at the caihestpossible moment,so muchofmtli-
tary power as may be consistent with the success of mili-
taiy opcialion ; to piepare the way, by prompt ami who
mt'nMiit's, for the full resummon of the* State to the Union
and its power to the people; to ro-toie their ancient and
unsiu parsed prosperity ; to enlarge the scope of agueultuial
and commercial industiy, and to extend and confirm the
dominion of rational hbeity.
it is not within human power to accomplish these results
without some h.vrifice of individual pHjudices and inter-
ests. Piobh'uis of state, too complicate lor the human
mind, have been solved by the national cannon. In gieat
civil convulsion-!, the agony of strite enters the souls of the
innocent n* well as the guilty
The Government is subject to the law of necessity, and
mu-t consult the condition of things lathei than the pieler-
enei-s of men, and if so be that it* purposes aie just audits
measuie* wise it has the right to demand that question?, of
personal Interest and opinion shall be subordinate to the
public good. When the national existence is at stake, mid
the hbeitie- o( the people m peiil, faction is lica^on.
The methods heielu piopoxed submit the whole question
of government diieetly to the people—first, by the election
of exr< uuve ofhceis Jaithlnl to the Union, to be, followed
bj aloval lepresentation in both Houses of Congicss,; and
then by a convention winch will einiliim the action of the
people, and recognize the piinelples of fiecdoui in the oi-
ganic law. Thi* is the wi-h ol'tlu- President
Theanmvei.-aiyot Washington's birth w a fit day for the
commencement of so grand a work. The immortal Father
of his Country was nevei guided bj a mote jn>t and bemsr-
natit * pii it than that of his ^ucec-^or in office, the President
of the United States. In the hoia of our tual let us heed
his admonitions!
Louisiana m the opening of her history sealed the integ-
rity of the Union by conlerrtng upon its Government the
valley of the Mi-si-<ippi. In the war for independence
upon the srn. she ciowned a glorious stiugglc against the
fn-t maritime Powci of the world by a victoiy unsut passed
in the annals of war.
Let her people now announce, to the wot Id the coming
lestoiation of the Union, m which the agr« that follow u<
have a deeper interest than our own, by the organization
of a fiee government, and her tame will be immoital!
N. P. HANKH,
Major General Commanding.
u fn pursuance of authority vested in him by
the President," this Major General proceeds fo
call an election for State officers of Louisiana at a
time and in a manner different from those pre-
scribed by law. He also fixes the Qualifications
of voters, and causes a registry to be made in
opposition to the fundamental law of the State.
Then with one stioke ofhis pen lie declares that
ceitain provisions of the constitution ofLouisiuna
are inoperative and void. Finally, he graciously
informs the people that " the immortal Father of
his Country was never guided by a more just and
benignant spirit than that ofhis successor in office,
the President of the United States." This latter
statement is important in several particulars, but
chiefly because it contains information that has
always heretofore been carefully concealed from
the people. It will doubtless be of invaluable
service to the loyal people of that State in point-
ing out their duty m making a nomination for
President, as well as in voting for the nominee!
An intimation coming from such high authority
will not probably be lost upon the intensely loyal
patriots who will participate in organizing a State
government under this proclamation.
Instructions have been sent to General Steele,
in Arkansas, to pursue the same course in that
State that has been adopted in Louisiana. Sir,
when I see the very pillars of our Republic thus
tottering to their fall under the blows of one to
whom the people confided the sacred trust of
guarding and protecting their rights and liberties,
my mind is filled with gloom, and the future of
this country, to my vision, is shrouded in mys-
tery and darkness.
Mr. Chairman, I am a friend of the Union;
my love for it is so strong that I am not willing
to give up a single State. When I see a hand
raised to strike down and blot out a single star
fron the flag of my country, whether the blow
be directed by the traitor in arms or by a more
insidious enemy seeking to effect the same end
by undermining and subverting the Constitution,
I will interpose my feeble efforts to ward off the
blow. I would save the Union, because the
Union is necessary to secure the prosperity, the
liberties, and the happiness of the people. I do
not agree with the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that "he who
now wishes to reestablish the Union as it was,"
and to retain " the Constitution as it is," is guilty
u of attempting to enslave his fellow-men." Nei-
ther do I agice with him in that other sentiment,
that " the Union as it was and the Constitution as
it is is an atrocious idea; it,Yf.,man-stealing." I
will not take the responsibility's/charging Wash-
ington and Madison and Hamilton and their com-
patriots with forming a Constitution with the de-
sign of enslaving their fellow-men•, nor will I
charge them with harboring " an atrocious idea,"
or with " man-stealing." In order to establish this
Union they left each State to regulate for itself the
status of the negro within its limits. Believing,
as I do, that they acted wisely, I am willing to
hasten the day of peace and reunion by following
their example. If I had believed that a rigid ad-
herence to the Constitution as it is would have
entailed upon me the crime of man-stealing, or of
enslaving my fellow-men, I would not have been
guilty of the " atiocious" act of taking the oath
as a member of this body to support that Con-
stitution.
The gentlemen on the other side of the House
say that they too arc for the Union, and some
of them are so exclusive in their Unionism that
they are not disposed to accept the laboisof gen-
tlemen on this side in its behalf. They are for
such an unconditional Union that they would not
only force ten southern Stales out of the Union,
but would also treat with scorn and contempt a i
million and a half of votei s m the noi thorn States !
The Union was established in a spirit of concil-
iation and compromise. The wise men who
formed our Government were quick to discern
that in order to maintain republican institutions,
founded on the consent of the people, the interests
and piejudiccs of all sections of the country must
be consulted, so far as might be consistent with
the general purposes for which the Government
was formed. The men now in power, discarding
the teachings of a sound philosophy, as well as
the example of the founders of the Government,
undeitake to restore union and harmony to a di-
vided and distracted country by the most intol-
erant proscription of all who differ with them in
opinion, and by demanding fealty to their own
most fanatical, ruinous, and extreme doctrines,
as the only true standard of loyalty. Can the
Union ever be restored in that way? Do not
this House and the country know that persistence
in such a course leads to bankruptcy, anarchy,
and ultimate despotism ?
if you arc not for the Union as it was, what sort
of Union arc you for? Is it the Union as it ought
to be for which you are fighting? Pray tell the
country,yepure and unconditional Unionists,who
can't endure the Union as our fathers formed it,
what sort of Union you will form. Is it to be a
Union withoutStaces, without/iafteas corpus, with-
out trial by jury, without free speech or free press,
without a free ballot? And if youdo nolan quite
agree among yourselves as to what the Union
ought to be, who will decide between you? Re-
member that " a house divided against itself can-
not stand." I have no doubt but you can agree
among yourselves about the irrepressible negro;
but questions will force themselves upon you at
some time affecting the interests of white men,
and peihaps you may differ upon such questions.
For instance, the President, in speaking of his
plan of reconstruction, says, u On examination
of this proclamation it will appear, as is believed,
that nothing is attempted beyond what is amply
justified by the Constitution." The distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
in speaking of the same plan, says:
In details we do notquite agree, but his plan of recon-
struction assumes the same general grounds. It proposes
to treat the rebel territory as a conqueror alone would treat
it. His plan is wholly outside of and unknown to the Con-
stitution."
Here we find the " opposingelements"are sep-
arated, and who is to decide which is " the sound?"
The President assumes that his plan is " amply
justified by the Constitution." The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means says this
same plan " is wholly outsideof and unknown to
the Constitution." In one thing the plan pro-
posed by the President and the one proposed by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means are in perfect harmony: they are both in
open and flagrant violation of the Constitution.
The great difficulty with the Republican party
in their pretended efforts to put down the rebel-
lion consists in a failure on their part to compre-
hend what constitutes the rebellion. The negro
is not the cause of the rebellion; neither is sla-
very. Questions arising out of slavery have been
used by designing men to inflame the passionsof
the people with a view to precipitating them into
revolution. But the doctrine promulgated a few
years ago, of which 1 believe our present distin-
guished Secretary of State may claim the pater-
nity, that there is a higher law than the Constitu-
tion, which ought to control the political conduct
of the people, is the corner-stone upon which the
rebellion was built. Secession is the " higher
law "carried into effect upon a large scale—a most
odious, ruinous, and inexcusable application of
this fatal heresy. Mr. Lincoln, when he an-
nounced in his Springfield speech in 1858 " that
the Union could not endure permanently part
slave an'd part free," was educating the public
mind in the rudiments of the " higher law," be-
cause the Constitution is based upon the principle
that a part of the States may be slave and a part
free. Old John Brown, in his attempt to excite
insurrection in Virginia, was carrying out in prac-
tice the theories of the men who urged upon the
country the "higher law" as a luie of conduct
for the citizen. Garrison, when he enunciated the
"atrocious" sentiment that the u Constitution is
a league with hell and a covenant with death," was
" firing the northern heait," to the end that the
people might ai ray themselves under the banner
of the higher law, and m opposition to the right-"
ful authority of the Government. The under-
ground railroads all over the land were incorpo-
rated under the higher law. Unfortunately for the
country, at a moment of excitement in the South,
growing out of the election to the Presidency of
an exponent of the " higher law" as taught in the
North, the people of the South, many of whom
had received lessons in the same pernicious
school, were precipitated into revolution. The
result is that the land is drenched in fraternal
blood. To stay the tide of revolution now sweep-
ing over the entire country this subtle poison must
be extracted from our political system, or its ef-
fects must be neutralized and destroyed.
Mr. Chairman, no test of loyalty should be
prescribed other than " obedience to the Consti-
tution and the laws passed in pursuance thereof."
If every man in the Government were true to this
test, there would be no rebellion in this country.
The odious and unconstitutional conscription law
migfft be repealed, instead of taxing their inge-
nuity in devising the means whereby the largest
