1864.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
amount of money, in the shape of taxes, can be
extorted from the tabor and industry of the coun-
try, members of Congress might devote their time
and talents to such legislation as would add to the
happiness and prosperity of the people.
" The Constitution as it is" furnishes all the
safeguards necessary to the security of life, lib-
erty, and property. " The Union as it was"gave
us a character and standing among the nations of
the earth sufficient to shield us from insult and
injury by foreign Governments. For over sev-
enty years the people of the United States lived
and prospered within the Union, as organized un-
der the Constitution, as no people ever prospered
before. The rights of the States and the rights
of the citizen were preserved in all their consti-
tutional vigor. The legitimate authority of the
General Government met with no serious oppo-
sition, either from States or individuals, because
within the limited scope of that authority there
was no rein given to oppression or tyranny.
When the tempter came, like the serpBnt in the
garden, and whispered into the ears of the people
that the fruit forbidden by the fathers of the Gov-
ernmentto be touched was"pleasantto the taste/'
and that its use would add wisdom to the under-
standing, like our mother Eve too many of them
gave heed to the voice oftheslimy reptile. Though
we have not, in consequence of that disobedience,
fallen from so great an estate as did our first parents,
yet the result is this deplorable civil war and the
probable loss of constitutional liberty. And still
the expounders of the" higher law" continue to
press forward in. their destructive and criminal
career. The man who raises his voice in behalf
of the Constitution of his country does so at the
risk of imprisonment or banishment at the hands
of this Administration; and if he escapes the vin-
dictive persecution of the chief Executive the en-
tire corps of thieves and plunderers, who are fat-
tening off the miseries of the country, through
their organized and trained bands, open their bat-
teries of slander and detraction upon him, in or-
der to weaken or destroy his influence with the
people.
Not content with all the abuse that the pen-
sioned press and feed attorneys of the Adminis-
tration are continually pouring out upon that
great constitutional party founded by Jefferson,
the Republican party has imported a rebel gen-
eral, his hands reeking with the blood of our sol-
diers and his soul steeped in foul treason, to aid
them in thoir work of slander and detraction.
This " war power" which is invoked by the
Administration and its friends to justify their in-
fringements upon the rights and liberties of the
people is akin to the "higher law." The "mil-
itary necessities" of the President and his sub-
ordinates, which have formed the pretexts for the
various proclamations of emancipation, and for
subverting the constitutions and laws of the States
and tampering with their clcctions, spring from
the same impure and corrupt fountain. All the
powers of this Government are to be found 111
the Constitution. Military necessity is applica-
ble only to the movements of armies in the field,
and does not reach beyond their lines.
The Ad ministration and its adherents seem to he
wedded to the peculiar policy they have adopted,
and the only way to effect a change is through the
agency of the ballot-box. Claiming to be uncon-
ditional Union men, the party in power would
not acccpt the Union to-day upon the simple
terms of the Constitution, leaving all questions
affecting the rights of person and property in the
confederate States to be settled by the adjudica-
tions of the courts and the future legislation of
the country. A fanatical zeal for the freedom of
the black man, intensified by a stubborn resist-
ance to every effort to make him free by those
whose social and financial ruin would thereby
ensue, is turned into a desperate purpose to de-
grade and enslave the white race whose misfor-
tune it is to be placed among the sable objects
of abolition idolatry. These men, who arrogate
to themselves all the patriotism and all the re-
ligion of the country, would not stop this effu-
sion of blood and arrest the onward course of
relentless, cruel war which is now laying waste
the fairest portions of our country if every lehcl
in the land were to lay down his aims and hum-
bly sue for peace. The fiat has gone forth, and
as long as a single slave remains in bondage this
harvest of death must go on. Regardless of all
the lessons of history, in violation of the faith of
the nation as pledged by the heroes and statesmen
of the past, in open contempt of the solemn prom-
ises made to the people in party platforms, presi-
dential messages, and congressional resolves, four
million slaves, an inferior and degraded race,
whose education and habits wholly unfit them
for self-control, are to be thrown upon society to
roam at will throughout the laud. Yes, and the
sword of the nation is to be placed in the hands-
of this servile race, thus opening their way to the
ballot-box and to social equality with the whites.
Had such a proposition been made to the Ameri-
can people ere the hearts of so many had become
hardened by the severities of this war, no sane
man would for a moment have hearkened to it.
BuU lest some good-meaning people may think
thatT do my political opponents injustice in what
I have said, I will quote from the last annual mes-
sage of the President. He says:
"I may add, at this point, that, while X remain in my
present position, I shall not attempt to retract or modify the
emancipation proclamation."
In speaking upon the same subject a few sen-
tences preceding what I have read, the President
says:
" To now abandon them would be not only to relinq u hh
a lever of power, but would also be a cruel ami astounding
breach of taith."
There are no compunctions of conscience about
breaking faith with white men ! I charge the
President of the United States with breaking faith
with the people of this country by disregarding
not only his pledges made in the inaugural ad-
dress, m the proclamation of April 15, 18G1, and
in the Crittenden resolution, but also by tramp-
ling under his feet every provision of the Fed-
eral Constitution made for the protection of the
liberty of the citizen. All the pledges to the
negro are to be faithfully kept. In future thtf
" free Americans of African descent" will doubt-
less crowd the President's levees, even in greater
numbers than they did on New Year's day, not
only relieving the monotony occasioned by the
uniformity of color, but also giving a foreign odor
to the gorgeous splendor of American royalty.
Our " freedmen " are the most fortunate people
on earth. Even this Administration will keep
faith with them. In the amnesty proclamation
" our colored fellow-citizens" are treated with the
usual affection and tenderness shown them by
the President. "All who have engaged in any
way in treating colored persons, or white persons
in chaige of such, otherwise than lawfully as
prisoners of war, and which persons may have
been found in the United States service as sol-
diers, seamen, or in any other capacity," are ex-
cluded from the benefits of the proclamation of
amnesty. The repentant rebel, who may have
murdered in cold blood the white soldier thrown
into his hands by the fortunes of war,upon taking
the prescribed oath is pardoned and taken into
the bosom of the Republican party. But the
planter within the rebel lines, who has in nowise
voluntarily raised his hand against the Govern-
ment, who attempts to iccapture his slave which
has been stolen from him and put into the Fed-
eral Army, is beyond the reach of executive clem-
ency. He has committed the unpardonable sin.
He has laid his profane hands upon what is re-
garded by this Ad ministration as sacred, and must
expiate his crime with his life ! The mother who
has given up her only son to the defense of the j
country has the consoling assurance that though ;
the murderer of her boy will be restored to all :
his rights upon taking the prescribed oath, ex- j
cept the right to own the labor of his servant, yet !
he who has refused to extend the usages of civil- j
ized warfare to the negro shall receive no pardon, i
Sir, the liberties of the people, the preservation |
of the State governments, and the maintenance of j
the Union under the Federal Constitution, are all i
involved in the well-defined issues of the approach- i
ing presidential election. While there are differ- j
ences of opinion among Democrats and conserva- '
tive men upon minor points, some believing that 5
the evils which now afflict the country may be 1
remedied by a vigorous prosecution of the war ;
under the Constitution, and others favoi ing peace
and conciliation as the only means of reuniting
the broken fragments of the Union, they all are
agreed in a determination to uphold the Federal
Constitution and the Union of'the States in ac-
cordance therewith. Not one would favor nego-
tiations for peace on any other basis than that of
a restored union, with the rights of the States
and the liberties of the people guarded and pro-
tected by all the limitations of the Constitution
upon the powers of the General Government.
^ The only issue, then, between the parties rela-
tive to the war is whether it shall be prosecuted
under the present policy for the overthrow of the
States, and to compel the entire population of the
South to surrender all rights of person and prop-
erty into the hands of the abolitionists, or whether,
under Democratic rule, in case the southern peo-
ple shall refuse to make peace and return to the '
Union upon fair and equitable terms under the
Constitution, the war shall be waged only against
those in hostility to theGovernment. The policy
ofthe dominant party includes confiscation, eman-
cipation, endless war, despotism. The policy of
the Democracy embraces conciliation and com-
promise, along with whatever force may be ne-
cessary to the due execution of the laws, and a
firm, unfaltering devotion to constitutional liberty,
and a determination as immovable as the everlast-
ing hills to maintain it.
Sir, the bloody hand of war has left its mark
upon almost every house in the country. The
blight sunshine of heaven beams down upon the
glistening bayonets of a million men confronting
each other all along the fields made desolate by
terrible conflict, where but yesterday the foemen
crossed steel in the wager of battle. Along the
banks of the great Father of Waters and thoseof
its tributaries lie the bones of twd hundred thou-
sand of the sons of the great Northwest, who
have fallen in this deplorable war. On the prai-
ries and amid the forests of that great valley there
aie tens of thousands of helpless children, cach
of whose young lives has been made sad by the
loss of a father slain upon the bloody field. And
now, while the aged mother sits in restless anx-
ietyjafraid to hear the next news from the field of
carnage lest it bring the unwelcome tidings that
her son has been slain, as her dim eye rests upon
the one leftat home to support her in herold age
a new pang penetrates her heart, for he too will
be taken when the remorseless wheel of fortune
begins to turn for the additional five hundred thou-
sand.
Should this Administration be continued in
power for another term, the war will go on until
the financial schemes of Secretary Chase shall
crumble into ruin, when it will of necessity cease,
leaving in its desolating course a divided coun-
try and a ruined people. On the other hand,
should the Democracy succeed in the next presi-
dential election, the Union will be restored under
the Constitution in less than six months after its
accession to power, as I believe without the ne-
cessity of shedding a single di op of blood. When
the mass of the people of the South, suffering as
they are not only from the cruel fortunes of war
but also from the oppressions of their rulers, are
offered peace upon the simple terms of ajlegiance
to the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and the offer has the solemn sanction of a great
majority of the northern people, the leaders of
the rebellion will be abandoned to their fate. We
will reach forth our hands and lift up those Union
men of whom the President spoke in his message
at the extra session in 18G1; and when they shall
be enabled to stand and speak their honest senti-
ments without fear of rebel arms or abolition
proclamations, there will be a majority of ori-
ginal Union men in all the States, except one, who
will again organize their State governments and
thus restore the Union.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. STILES, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. STILES, (at forty
minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed till Monday next at twelve o'clock, m.
