1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
ms
rtemory and his brain as much as he may, could
only find 49 legal voters on the poll-list of Charles
Mjx county. I will read an extract from his
testimony:
"Interrogatory 4. About how many persons voted at that
time and pftwe who were not soldiers:
"JLnsucr. Ahout sixty." * * *. * *
"Interrogatory 6. Were tin1 persons named by you resi-
dent:? of Dakota Tei ritoiy lor the space of ninety days pre-
ceding said election ?
"Answer. They weie.5"
In his testimony he gives the names from the
poll-li.st, which was before him to refresh Ins
memory, of all the legal voters he is able to des-
ignate who voted at that election.
In a new country lik that,a man like Hedges,
who has lived there as long as the oldest settler,
would be very apt to know every legal voter
within the precinct. It is the custom of a new
country. The early settlers, those men who par-
ticipate in elections, when the poll-list is shown
them to refresh their memory, as it was in this
case to Hedges, do know and can point out every
legal voter within the piecinct. Every man who
has lived in a new country knows that. Hedges
testifies that there were only 49 legal voters there;
and yet the Committee of Elections give the sit-
ting Delegate 62 votes, and the contestant 7.
I would like now to havepartof the testimony
of William Hargis read, from page 61.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Quation 3. What description of personsdid you meet
there assembled ?
"•Answer. I -.aw there soldiers, half-breeds, and Indians,
and ^'nje citizens.
" Question 4. Did you meet there any persons fiom the
Yankton agency ?
"Answer. I did. All the employed of Dr. Burleien, In-
dian agttiit, weie there assembled when I aiuvod theie.
I sa.w a team of Di. Burleigh's, tilled vviih Indians and half
bieoiK. and driven hy Mr. Amhew J Faulk, a partuoi of
the Indian sutler at the Yankton reserve, and t.irhoi - in-
law ol Dr. litirleigh, the a<zent. returning hom th" polls, to
the agency. The Indians and half-brecd> weie (hunk.
"Question 6. Did these soldiers vote at these polis, and
. if so, state if you know how they came to participate in
this election.
"Answer. They did vote, and by the advice of Major
Fattee, then-ui command of the post. On tne ntoimu/ oi
the 1st'of Septombei, A. 1). 1^0:2, F uvetiieaid Majot Pat-
tee tell the oiderly >eigeant of cojupanj A that 4 the men
might a!) yo pk<ri>muig. and to have them go as fat a* Mi.
Hedges'store, the place of election.' Jn a few momenta at let
I saw Fxist bergeant ilodgdon go in the qnaiteis and heaid
Jiim tell the men that' M'ljor Fatree wanted them to go a
plumming,aml that he wanted them all to go.' 1 etoWed
the uver shottiy aitei that, and many of the voldiet* otossed
with me, and they aruved at the pollt- s-hurtly alter 1 did,
well aimed, with i iflt—, pnloK and bowie kntve--.
(lQuestion 9. Did \ou exeici.-e the light ot challenge at
these polls on that day, and to what extent?
"Answer. I did. 1 challenged one vote, that of Edward
Iliirgins, an Iowa soldiei, who swore ins vote m. I then
challenged Cospoial Davi.-, and while m the aet I was
mate!ted away from the polls, by Chatlcs P. Boo^e, and held
till the vole vvas d^po-oted. Threats were made by Iowa
soldiers, which intimidated me fiom challenging any fur-
ther.
ti Question 10. Did you ^ec any whi5ky at ihc-.e polls,?
<tAn$wer. I saw a hartel of whisky in«uie wheie the
judges «at, and a larire tin pail, filled with whisky, setting
under a failed attached to the hou<e; a tin cup was in the
paii; fiee aecpt-s \\ -is had to the pail—Indians, hall-breeds,
and soldiers and citizens ad libitum. I al-o paw whi.-ky
given fiom the window wheie the votes wete leceived "
Mr. FARNSWORTIL Now, Mr. Speaker,
in conclusion, I only desire to sum up the votes
from these several counties and precincts, as I
think they should be allowed. From Bon Homme
county I think we should allow the honest votes
proved, which is, Todd 25, Jayne 14; then add
K) that the total vote, as canvassed, 221 for Todd
and 237 for Jayne, and it gives to the contestant
246 votes, and to the sitting member 251. Deduct
the vote of Brule precinct, which is excluded by
tu)th reports, 8 for Todd and 63 for Jayne, and
it leaves Todd 238 votes and Jayne ld8 votes.
Then deduct fiom Jayne the 9 votes proved in
Yankton to have been illegal", and if. leaves Todd
238 and Jayne 180 votes. Add the 49 votes
from Charles Mix county, 7 for Todd and 42 for
Jayne, and you have, Todd 245, Jayne 2:22 That,
however, is saying nothing whatever about the
Pembina vote. That vote gave to Todd 125 and
to Jayne 19, which would leave Todd 370 and
Jayne 241.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move that the gentle-
man from Illinois have leave to continue his re-
marks.
Mi. FAUNS WORTH. I desire only a moment
longf r.
Leave was granted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. From the testimony
of the witnesses on the part of the sitting Dele-
gate, it will be seen that in Charles Mix county
the committee has allowed him, as i compute it,
20 votes more than he is entitled to. If theie
were but 49 legal votes cast, 7 being for Todd,
then Jayne was only entitled to 42 votes there.
The committee has allowed him'62. Including
the Pembina vote, Todd is elected by 129 major-
ity; excluding it, it will still leave Todd a major-
ity of 23 votes.
Mr. UPSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor for a moment to enable me to ask a
question of the gentleman from Illinois. I desire
to ask him whether from his investigations into
this case he fb not fully satisfied that this election
case is so covered over with fraud that, in order
to do justice to ourselves, we ought to send both
of these men back ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am fully satisfied
that the election case is so covered over with fraud
upon the part of the sitting Delegate that he ought
to be sent back, but that great injustice would be
done to the contestant, who seems not to be mixed
up with any of the fiaud, and who, by conclusive
testimony, is elected from that Territory, to de-
clare that lie is not entitled to the seat.. Unless
you repeal the law and declare that Dakota is not
entitled to be represented here, one or the other
of these men is entitled to a seat.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say tn the House
that the tax bill, as amended by the Senate, is
now printed, and 1 define menjbers to o-buun
copies for tin mselves, to examine the bill, and
ascertain upon whatameiidmentsthey desire sep-
arate voles when the bill is taken up>
DAKOTA CONTESTED ELKCTION—AGAIN.
Mr. UPSON. Itwfls not my intention to have
occupied nny of the time of the House ui the dis-
cussion of this contested-election case, but lm\ lug
joined m the minority report, it rn.-iy be proper
perhaps for me to specify some of the reasons
which induced me to dissent fi om the < on< fusions
of the majority, and to moke some &taU menus in
answer to some arguments m favor of the contest-
ant which have been presented by the speakers
who have preceded m^ m this debate.
Had the majority of the committee reported in
favor of sending the election back to the people,
I should not have considered it a matter of so
much importance as to have c?uM'd me to join m
a minority report; but when they proposed riot
only to deprive the situngmember of his sent, but
also to substitute the contestant in his place upon
the admission of the vote as returned from tiie
Pembina distiict, or the district of the Red River
of the North, called KjUson county, 1 fell that to
allow their reporttu be adopted without objection
would be to do great injustice not only to the sit-
ting member, but also to the people of the Terri-
tory of Dakota.
1 have no design, Mr. Speaker, to go over the
evidence generally in this case. I am content in
relation to most of it to tpke it as the majority of
the committee have repot t( d it, and to adopt their
conclusions untjl they come to this Pembina vote.
I believe, from the examination 1 have been able
to give to the testimony, lhatfhey have been lib-
eini enough to the contestant, and that in several
instances they have given the sitting member
fewer votes than from a careful canvass of the re-
turns he was entitk d to. So much so that, with the
full number of votes to which he is really entitled,
his actual majority outside the Pembina district
would have been double what the nmjouty of the
committee have given him.
i am notdisposcd, however, to quarrel with the
committee in that respect. I believe the chairman
of the committee m making Ins estimates, outside
of Kittson county, has pmcceded, on the whole,
with fairness and impartiality, and I will take up
their repon only as to the Pembina vote.
There appears to me to be an absuidisy and in-
consistency on the partof the majority of the com-
mittee m admitting evidence taken on behalf of the
contestant not in accordance with law, and reject-
ing testimony taken on the part of the sitting
membet because it was not technically in compli-
ance, as to time, with the law of 1S.>].
The testuYiony on the part of th« contestant
was taken before two justices of the peace, w Inch,
as I will show, was m*viola|jpp of the law of 1851.
The gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.BRowN,] I
believe, holds that the law of 3351 is not strictly
applicable to the election of Delegates from the
1 erritories, and admits that the depositions taken
by the contestant are outside of and independent
of that law and in accordance with the practice
prior to its adoption, but he nevertheless excludes
a portion of the evidence of the sitting member
by uniting in the report of the majority. I have
said, however, that this testimony on the part of
the contestant was taken before two justices of
the peace and in violation of the provisions of
the actof 1S51. Now, under thatlaw before evi-
dence can be taken before two justices of the peace,
it must first be shown that there are no other
officers entitled to take such depositions in the
Territory. The law of 1851, in the third section
thereof, designates as the propeivofficers before
whom to take depositions, m the first instance,
" any chancellor, judge, or justice of arly court of
recoid, or any mayor, recorder, or intendant of
any town or city." Now, the contestant does
not produce a particle of prt)of that there weie
none of thtfse officeis in the Territory at that time.
The law to which I refer, as to justices of tho
peace, is as follows:
cs S&c. 10. When no such magistrate as is hy tho third
section ot this act authorized to take depositions shall re-
side m the concessional district fiom which the election
is proposed io be rontested, it shall be lawful for either
patty to tank" application to any two justices of the peace
i eliding within the said district, who are hereby authorized
to it-eeive sueh application and jointly to proceed upon it
in the manner hcieiubotore diieetod."
Makingit a preliminary requisite that the party
must show non-residence or non-existence in the
Tciri tory of the other officers before whom the dep-
ositions aie first to be taken. This objection was
made by the sitting member at the time that these
depositions were taken. He appeared in thefiist
instance and insisted on his legal right to have
depositions taken before those officers first speci-
fied in the law to be called upon, and this objection
appears m the iceord. The whole evidence also
in this case on the pait of the contestant is taken
cx parte,withoutany appcarance on the part of tho
sitting member, except to enter his objection to
the whole proceeding as illegal, and is without tho
cross-examination of a single witness. I ask what
may not be proved under such circumstances ? I
am not surprised at some of the evidence that has
been brought in here against the sitting delegate
and made the ground of personal assaultupon him,
because the witnesses were sworn and testified
without any cross-examination. The contestant
could select his own witnesses, ask his own ques-
tions, and take down as much or as little of the
answers as he pleased. There is no one to show
how much has been taken down and how much
omitted. There was no cross-examination to sift
the conscience of the witnesses.
Further than that, many of the facts contained
in these depositions are not referred to in any of
the specifications in the contestant's notice. The
sitting Delegate never had an opportunity to sec
these depositions or know what they contained
until he saw them in print in the miscellaneous
documents in this case, published byorderof the
House. His own depositions were taken in igno-
rance of what was contained in the testimony of
the contestant, nnd he has consequently not ex-
amined some of the witnesses in reference to some
things which he might and probably would other-
wise have done m order to protect his own repu-
tation against some statements made by contest-
ant's witnesses.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-*
worth,] who has severely commented on this evi-
dence referring to the sitting Delegate, seems to
be contr idled by some personal feeling against
the sitting Delegate, or actuated by a feeling of
partiality in favor of the contestant rather than
by a disposition to arrive at the truth of the case.
Jt is important for the House, in considering this
evidence, to bear in mind thatthis testimony was
taken m the absence of the sitting member, who
relied upon his. objection taken to its validity.
Therefore, 1 submit, was it not proper and right,
if this testiu-rony which was so taken by the con-
testant not strictly according to law was admitted
in evidence, to admit also the testimony of the sit-
ting Delegate taken a little beyond the time?
f wish heie to say a word in regard to this
[louse being precluded from considering this tes-
timony by the action in the recent case of Knox
