1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
eessor shall have reason to believe that any list, statement,
or return required by Jaw has been made to any assessor
or assistant assessor in a false or fraudulent manner, or if
any person whose duty it is to furnish any list or return,
or make any statement required by law, shall neglect or
refuse to do so, it shall be lawful for such assessor to sum-
mon by subpena, to be served by any assistant assessor of
the district, such persons as he may deem proper to appear
before Win, at a time and place named therein, to give
testimony or answer interrogations respecting any objects
liable to duty or tax as aforesaid, lists, statements, or |£-
turns thereof, or any trade, business, or profession liable to
any license as aforesaid, and to enforce obedience to such
writ by attachment as for contempt. And it shall be law-
ful, also, for such assessor to require by summons any per-
son who he may have reason to believe has made any
false or fraudulent lists, statements, or returns as afore-
said, his agent or other person having the possession, care,
or custody of books of account containing entries relating
to the trade or business of such person, to produce the same
before him at a time and place to be appointed in said
^Vummons. And if any person whose duty it may be to
make a list, statement, or return as aforesaid, alter having
been duly summoned to produce such books of account,
shall neglect or refuse to produce such books, jt shall be
lawful for the assessor to make an estimate of the amount
of the tax or duty, according to his best judgment, winch
such per.-on is hnble to pay, and shall a*se*s upon such
person double the amount thereof; and any person who
being duly summoned, as aforesaid., to appear and testify,
or to produce books, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse
to appear, shall forfeit and pay the sum of 43U0, besides
bring subject fo attachment, as aforc.-aid. And if on any
investigation of the books of such person, or by evidence
produced before the assessor, he shall find that any false or
fraudulent list, statement, or return has been made as afore-
>aid, he shall make an estimate of the amount of tax or
duty,according to his best jdtygmeut, which such person is
liable to pay, and shall assess upon bun double the amount
thereof. And when any assessment shall be made under
tins section and transmuted to the collector, he shall pro-
ceed to collect the amount thereof as in cases of amounts
ot taxes transmitted to him on monthly lists.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
Sec. —. *8nd be it further enacted, That in case any per-
son shall be absent from his or her place ot residence at the
t me an assistant assessor shall eail to receive the annual
h t or return, it shall be the duty of such assistant assessor
to leave at such place of residence, with some one of suit-
able age and discretion, if such be present, otherwise to
deposit in the nearest post office, a note or memorandum,
addressed to such person, requiring him or her to present
to suCh assessor the list or return required by law within
ten d^ys from the date of such note or memoiaudum. And
If any person, on being notified or requited a« aforesaid,
> shall refuse or neglect to give such list or letnrn withm the
tune required as aforesaid, or il any person shall not dehvei
a monthly or other h.^t or retain without notice at the time
required by law, or if any person shall deliver or disclose
to any assessoi or assistant assessor any false or fraudulent
list, statement, or return, or a li««t ou which there is any
 inder>tatemom or uudctv.iluation, it shall bo lawful for
the assessor to summon by subpena, 10 be seivcd by any
assistant assessor, such pert-on, iiis agent ot other person
having possession, custody, or c.ue of books of account
containing entries relating to the tude or business of sueli
person, or any other perr-otis as he mav deem piopcr, to
appear and produce such book, at a time and place tberein
named, and to give testimony or answer interrogatories un-
der oath or affirmation res-pecting any objects liable to duty
or tax as aforesaid, or the lists, statements, or returns theie-
of, or any trade, business, or profession liable to any tax or
license as aforesaid, and to entoice such wiif by attach-
ment for contempt; it shall be the duty of the assessor or
assistant assessor of the district within which such person
shall reside to enter into and upon the premises, if it be
necessary, of such person s o refusing or neglecting or ren-
dering a false or fraudulent lint or return, and to make, ac-
cording to the best information which he eau obtain, in-
cluding that derived from the evidence elicited bv lite
examination of the as*essot and on his own view and in-
formation, such list or return, according to the form pre-
scribed, ot the property, goods, wares, and merchandise,
and all articles or objects liable to duty or tav, owned or
possessed or under the care or management of such person,
and assess the duty theieon, Including the amount, if any,
due for license and income, and 111 case of the return of a
false or fraudulent list or valuation he shall add one ban-
died per cent, to such duty; and In ea*e of a refusal to
make a list or return he shall add twenty pet ccnt. to such
duty ; and in case of neglect, cxcept in case of sickness, he
shall add ten per cent, to such duty ; and the amount so
added to the duty slml] m ail cases lie collected by tiie col-
lector at the same time and m the same manner with the
duties. And the lists or returns so made and subscribed by
such assessors or assistant assessors shall be taken and be
reputed ah good and sufficient lists or returns Hn all Ic^al
pm poses.
•rind be Ufuilker enacted, That If any person shall deliver
01 di.-eiose 10 any assessor or assistant assessor appointed
in pursuance ot law, any laiseoi fraudulent li-t, return, ac-
count, or statement, with intent to defeat or evade the valu-
ation, enumeiiUion,or assessment intended to be made, or
if an} pt isoii being duly summoned to appear to testify or
jo appear and ptoduce such books as afoiesaid, shall neg-
lect to appear or to produce said books, he shall upon con-
viction thereof before any circuit or district court of the
United Suites, be lined in any su.n not exceeding $300 or
b.j imprisoned for six months, or both, at the discretion ot
the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON, I move to sirike out the
word "such" in the following, before the word
" distraint:"
And m case of such distraint Jt shall he the duty of the
officer charged with xh * coihctmu 10 make, or cau^e to be
made, an account of the goods or chattels which may be
distrained, a copy ot which, signed by the officer making
such distraint, shall be left with the owner or possessor of
such goods, chattels, or effects, or at his or her dwelling, or
usual place of business, with some person of suitable age
and discretion, with a note of the sum demanded, and the
time and place of sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend on page
34, line thirty-seven, by inserting after the word
V thereon" the words " the expenses of making
such levy."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend on page
41, line thirteen, by inserting after tiie word
"duo" the words "five per cent, thereon and
all expenses and charges of collection," so as to
make the marshal collect in addition to what is
due from the collector what 1 have indicated in
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In the same section, line
eight, I move to strike out the words "and his
sureties."
Mr. BOUTWELL. What does the gentleman
from Ohio understand to be the effect of that
amendment?
Mr. PENDLETON. It is simply this: the
provisions of this bill, as the section is now drawn,
provide that when the collector is in default in
the payment of the money due from him, a war-
rant may issue from the proper officer of the Treas-
ury Department, which shall be levied upon the
goods and chattels of the delinquent collector; and
in case of failure to find sufficient goods and chat-
tels of the collector, the warrant shall be levied
upon the goods and chattels of his surety; and m
ease of a deficit of goodsand chattels of both prin-
cipal and surety, the warrantshall be levied upon
the real estate of both the collector and suiety.
The effect of striking out the sureties is to leave
them to be prosecuted upon their bond only, ac-
coiding to the ordmaiy process of law, and to
m<ike the speedy and sum maty execution of the
wan an tissued, withoutjudgmont, from the Treas-
ury Department, applicable only to the principal
debtor, who is the defaulting collector.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It seems to me that is
what we should not desire to do. We should
hold the surety as we hold the principal.
The CHAIRMAN. If tin re is no objection,
the amendment will be conside red as a iued to.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman insist upon
the amendment?
iVJ r. PENDLETON. 1 insist upon the amend-
ment, but I do not insist upon the action of the
Chair in declaring the amendment adopted.
Mr. DAWEy. If I understand the amend-
ment, the gentleman from Ohio proposes to have
a process against the principal, without a similar
process against the suiety. Why that distinction?
M r. PENDLETON. For the reason that sure-
ties are liable on their bond, in ease of the default
of their principal, who is the collector. They can-
not, as he can, know whether he is in default or
not. They are entitled to be sued, and to make
all defense they can make in a court of law. As
against them it would be manifestly improper
that summary process should be issued, and the
amount for which the collector appears to be,
or really is in default, be levied upon theirgoods
and chattels, and in default theieof, upon their
lands, without the ordinary proceedings of law.
Mr. DAWES, is ltproposed that such a pro-
cess as that shall issue against the principal with-
out giving him an opportunity to present a de-
fense?
Mr. PENDLETON. I would give such a pro-
ci ss dg.iinst the principal, because it is only to be
issued in cases wheie the money is found to be
dut ; and jf it is due, the party is in default; and if
it is not due, upon adjudication the money can
be handed back.
Mr. DAWES. When he is found by the ac-
counting officers of the Tieasury to be m default
without any hearing upon Ins part, you subject
him to this summary process. Now, the account-
ing officers of the Treasury are always at logger-
heads with the collectors of ports, postmasters,
&cM upon these accounts. It seems to me the col-
lector ought to have an opportunity to make a
defense before summary process is issued against
him. If upon final settlement with him he ap-
pears to be in defaultj it is right. But upon the
adjustment of his account here at the Internal
Revenue office, ex parte, and in his absence, and
upon such principles as may be thought to be
right here, to subject him to such a summary
process does not seem to be right. He certainly
ought to have the same sort of defense that his
sureties have.
The amendment was agreed to. 4
Mr. PENDLETON. In the same section, I
move to strike out from the word " resides," line
eighteen, down to the end of line twenty-four, as
follows:
And furthermore, if such goods, chattel-*, and effects can-
not be found sufficient to satisfy the said warrant, the said
marshal or his deputy shall and may pioeeed to levy and
collect the sum which remains due,'by distress and sale of
the goods and chattels, or any personal effects, of the surety
or fcureti^s of the delinquent collector, giving notice as
hereinbefore provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In the same section, line
thirty-one, I move to strike out the words "or
his sureties;" so as to make the clause conform
to previous amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In lines thirty-threeand
thirty-four of tiie same section, I move to strike
out the words "and his sureties."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that
if he thinks this section too stringent against the
collectors, I am not disposed to find fault with
that opinion, and I will yield to him to move to
strike out the entiie section,if he desires to make
that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I will make that motion if the
gentleman con<*u$s with me in the opinion. I do
not propose to oppose the committee, but I will
submit (he motion to strike out the entire section.
Mr. PENDLETON. I oppose the motion pro
forma in oider that a vote may be taken upon it.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 43, section thir-
ty-five, 1 move to strike out all after the word
" law," m line five, down to and including the
word " theieafter," in line nine, as follows:
Shall bp liable to pay a sum not exceeding double the
amount ot'damage-* acoimng to the pany injui< d,to be ie-
coveied by and lor tiie u->e of the puity injuied, with eo^tu
ot vuit, and shall bcdi^im-^cd liom <>Uiee, and be disquali-
fied tiom holding such office thciealur.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Or shall reccive any ft:e, conip< i ation, or ri waul cxcept
as herein pie->cnbed for the per.oiiuanee of any dufv, or
shall fail to perforin ail theduue-. impo ;cd by the- act, >hal!,
upon conviction, be subject to a fine of §.j00; and to' a lor-
feituie of their compensation, or to be l.npii-onod foi one
jear, oi both, at tiie diseiction ot the eou.t. and he dis-
mifsed from ofiice, and be forever thereafter incapable of
holding any oflioc undei the internal revenue law-
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to strike out the
words " internal revenue law " and insert " Gov
rnimcnt" in lieu thereof.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to
to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to add after the
words just inserted the words:
And one half of the fine so imposed &hall be for the u.fe
of the United States, and the other half lor the use ot the
informer, who shall be ascertained by judgment of the court;
and said court shall also lender judgment against said col-
lector or deputy collector for double Hie amount of dumage
accruing to the party injured, to be collected by execution.
Mr. UPSON. Is the informer to iiave half of
the imprisonment?
Mr. PENDLETON. I am not able to say how
much people may misinterpret the language of
the section, but under the Section as it was read
there is no possibility of mistaking what the
meaning is.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 44, in Hie thirty-
seventh section, after the word " hinder," m line
two, insert the words " any assessor or assistant
assessor, or any," so that it will read, " 'hat if
any person shall forcibly obstruct or hinder any
assessor or assistant assessor, or any collector or
deputy collector," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. Ou page 45, w line six
teen of section thirty-nine, I move to insert the
words "and sureties" after the word 4< repre-
sentatives."
