864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 29, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr- Sundf.rland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Henry
Newman and others, praying for the establish-
ment of a daily mail route from Lawrence via^
Ossawatomie to Port Scott, Kansas; which was'
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an amend-
ment to the enrollment act requiring the enroll-
ment board to meet on certain days at the county
town of each county for the purpose of hearing
claims for exemption; which weie referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented fifteen petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying for the organization of an
ambulance and sanitary corps for the armies of
the United States and the enlistment of men for
service therein; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of the District of Columbia, pray-
ing that the salaries of the criers of the courts of
the District of Columbia may be increased; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of
lands to that State for the benefit of schools, agree-
ably to the provisions of an act approved Septem-
ber 4,1841; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legislature
of Kansas, in favor of a grant of lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Fort Leavenworth
to Fort Scoff; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN presented five petitions of citi-
zens of California, praying for the repeal of an
act to grant the rightof preemption to certain pur-
chasers on the Soscol Ranch, in the State of Cali-
fornia, approved March 3, 1863; which were or-
dered to lie on the table, the subject having been
acted upon by the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of C. Mollohan,
of Gallipohs, Ohio, praying that additional time
may be given for the location of land warrants of
soldiers of the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a letter of J. M. Edmunds,
Commissioner of the General Land Office, recom-
mending legislation directing the proper Depart-
ment to cause selections of the public lands on the
-Pacific slope containing the timber most suitable
for public uses to be reserved for the use of the
Government; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Nancy
M. Gunsally,fonneily widow of Lyman M. Rich-
mond, praying for a renewal of pension or half
pay, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Cook, of
Decatur county, Indiana, praying for arrears of
pension, submitted an adverse leport; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing that a pension may he gianted to Maigaret
M. Stafford, widow of llcubcn Stafford, of Coshoc-
ton county, Ohio, who was killed while assist-
ing the provost maishal in arresting deserters, ''
submitted a report accompanied by u^biil (S. No. |;'
139) for the relief of Margaret M. Stafford, widow ii
of Reuben Stafford,of Coshocton county, Ohio, j]
'l'he bill was read, and passed to a second read- j!
ing, and (he report was ordered to be printed. |j
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili- jj
tary Affahs and the Militia, to whom wa-3 rcfei red 'I
the joint resolution (H. 11. No. 41) to continue ji
the payment of bounties, loportod it without any
recommendation. Is
Mr. SUMNER, from the select committee on
slavery and freedmen, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 99) to secure equaHty befoie the law
in the courts of the United States, reported it with-
out amendment; and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. The select committee on sla-
very and the treatment of freedmen, to whom
were referred sundry petitions praying for the re-
peal of all laws requiring the rendition of fugitive
slaves, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report a billaccompanied
by a report, which they ask to have printed.
The bill (S. No. 141) to repeal all laws for the
rendition of fugitives from service or labor was
read a first time by its title; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. The minority of the commit-
tee propose to present their views. It is well
known that by stuct parliamentary law there is
no such thing known as a minority report, and
yet it has been according to the usage of the Seri-
ate to allow a minority to present their views to
the Senate, particularly on a question of import-
ance. The minority of the committee, as 1 un-
derstand, desire to present their views, and I have
no doubt the Senate will receive them. I deemed
it proper in committee to say to the minority that
there would be no question on that point.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the report of
the select committee on slavery and freedmen accompany-
ing the bill to repeal all laws for the rendition of slaves be
piimed for the use of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
140) to provide for the protection of overland em-
igration to the States and Territories of the Pa-
cific; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
WEA TRUST MONEY.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
requested to furnish to the Senate the amount of money
received by the Government for the sale of the YVea trust
loans m Kan-as*, and the manner m which said money was
invested; it'in titato bonds, what States ; and whether the
interest of said State bonds has been paid, and if any of
said boiuK weic stolen, what ones, and what provision has
been made tor the bunds so stolen.
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph C.
G. Kennedy, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims, to whom win
retened the petition of Joseph C. G. Kennedy, praying In-
demnification fot damnjje.v to lnnl<iing< while ihey weie m
tin' ti-eoftlie Government, ho discli.u^ed fioiu further eon-
; ldei.ttjon tiieieof, and that said petil ion and claim be, and
the siinc i-> hereby, relcired to the Couit of Claims tor ad-
judication
GUARDIANS AND COMMITTEES OF LUNATICS.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up House bill No. 42.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 49) to enable guardians and committees of
lunatics appointed in the several States and other
countries to act within the District of Columbia. !
was considered as in Committee of the Whole. !
It proposes to authorize any person appointed ;
the committee of a lunatic or the guardian of a j
minor or lunatic by the proper authority in any
State or Territory of the United States, or in any
foteign country, to institute and prosecute to final
judgment any suit or action in the courts of the
District of Columbia as he might have done if his
authority as such guardian or committee had been '
deiived from the pioper ttibunalsof the District; jj
and such committee or guardian may in the same i!
manner coilectand receive any sum of money due ;
to a lunatic or minor, and may by deed duly ex-
ecuted release and convey to any party entitled
to the same, whether by purchase or otherwise,
any lands or estates situated in the Distiict of
Columbia the property of such lunatic or minor,
or to or upon which such lunatic or minor may
have a claim or mortgage, in the same manner as
he might have done if his authority had been de-
rived from the tribunals of said District; but the
committee or guardian before making any con-
veyance of real estate or release of claim or mort-
gage thereon, is to file in the orphans' court of
the Distiict the official certificate of the judge of
the court from which he derived his appointment,
that he has given a sufficient bond to account to
the minor or lunatic for all sums of money re-
ceived by virtue.of the authority conferred by
this act. All payments heretofore made within
the District of Columbia to the committee or
guardian of lunatic, or the guardian of a minor
duly appointed at the domicile of the lunatic or
minor out of the District of Columbia, whether
in the United States or a foreign country, are to
be good and sufficient; but the guardian or com-
mittee is to file in the orphans' court of the Dis-
trict the official certificate of the judge of the court
from which he derived his appointment that he
has given sufficient bond to account to the minor
or lunatic for all payments so made.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move to amend the bill
by striking out in the sixth line of the first sec-
tion the words " or in any foreign country." The
Committee on the Judiciary reported the bill with-
out amendment, but it is thought best to strike
out this provision, so as to confine the authority
to persons appointed m the several States and
Territories of the United States, and not extend
it to those appointed in foreign countries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I move the same amend-
ment in the second section by striking out in the
fifth and sixth lines the words " whether in the
United States or a foreign country."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
thud time. The bill was read the'third time, and
passed; and its title amended by striking out the
words " and other countries."
POUT OF DELIVERY AT PARKERSBURG.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 69, to make Parkersburg, in
West Virginia, a port of delivery.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
69) to constitute Parkersburg, in the State of
West Virginia, a port of delivery was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to constitute Parkersburg,
in the State of West Virginia, a port of delivery,
within the collection district of New Orleans; and
directs that there ^hall be appointed a surveyor
of customs to reside there, who shall, in addition
to his own duties, perform the duties and receive
the salary and emoluments prescribed by the act
of Congress, approved March 2,1831, for import-
ing merchandise into Pittsburg, Wheeling, and
other places.
Mr. FOSTER. As this bill proposes to create
new offices, and will, of corn so, be a fuither tax on
the public Treasury, I should like to hear a little
explanation of it fiom the hnnoiable chairman of
the Committee on Commeice before voting for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is recommended by the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, and by the citizens
both of West Virginia and Ohio. The Senators
from West Virginia perhaps can explain the ne-
cessity of it more fully than I can. The citizens
there desired it to be made a port of entry; but
the Secretary of the Treasury requested that it
should be made a port of delivery, and not a port
of entry. It will add but little to the expense of
the Tieasury, and will be a great benefit to the
citizens of West Viiginia.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 should like to ask whether,
from the examination before the committee, the
chairman is prepared to say that it is necessary to
pass the bill ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it ought to pass,
from the examination I have given it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This bill, as I under-
stand it, is in accordance with similar provisions
in reference to Wheeling and Pi ttsburg. It does
not propose to make Pai keisburg a port of entry,
but a port of delivery simply. The act which is
referred to in the bill provides that there shall be
