1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1911
The object of that amendment is to make the
bonds inmo Jo the b< m-fit of tlie sureties of the
party as well us to hi* personal representatives
in case of his death.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 46, in section
forty, I move to insert at the end of line seven-
teen, the words "to be ascertained by the judg-
ment of the court;'' so that the section will read:
That it shall be tlie duty of the collectors aforesaid, or
their deputies, in then* respective distiicts, and they are
hereby authorized to collect ail the duties and taxes im-
posed hy this act, however the same maybe designated,
and to prosecute for the leeovery ot the same, and for the
recoveiy of any sum or sum* which may be forfeited by
virtue of this act; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures
which maybe incutredoi imposed by vntueof this act
shall and inav be sued for and recovered, in the name of
the United States, m any proper form of action, oi by any
appropriate form of piocecding. qui tarn, or otherwise, be-
lore any circuit or district eouit of the United States for
the district within which said fine, penalty, or lorfeiture
may have been mcui red, or before any other court of com-
petent jurisdiction; and where not otherwise and differently
provided lor, one moiety thereof sln\il be to the use ot the
United States, and the other moiety thereof to the use of
the person, to be a-eertained by the judgment of the court,
who sha'l firr-t inform ot the cause, matter, or tiling where-
by any such fine, penalty, or-foifciture wad incurred, &c.
The object of that amendment is merely that
in ail cases where a fine or penalty is assessed
against a person, which fine or penalty is liable
to be divided between the informer and the Uni-
ted States, the decision shall be made by the court
of the party to whom it is to be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend by in-
serting after section forty-seven an additional sec-
tion, as follows:
Sec. 48. Jlndke it further enacted, That all the provisions
horembefoie mnde tor the deiiver\ ot return^ lists, state-
iwnl=, and valuations, and for additions to the duty in cn^e
of false or fraudulent lists or returns, or in case of under-
valuations or undcistateroents on lists or returns,or incase
of icuwil or nrfflect to deliver lists or return*, and for the
imposition of fines penalties, and forfcitutes, shall be held
and taken to apply to all poisons, associations, corpora-
tion*, und companies liable to pay duty and tax; and any
additions to fine*, penalties, or loifeitnres hereinafter im-
ported for failure to perform anv duty required to be per-
formed, shall be held and taken to be additional duties to
tho-o herembelme provided.
The amendment wns agreed to.
Mr. KASSON, I ask the gentleman from Ohio
if this will he the proper place,and if it be agiee-
able to him, to move to insett the piovision of
the sub-Treasury act as suggested the other day
by the gentleman from Now York, and which
was one of the points reserved.
Mr. PENDLETON". If the gentleman from
Iowa has the amendment and will send it up, I
shad be ektd to give way for that purpose^
Mr. K'ASSON. I move to amend the bill by
ins. rtnig the following as an additional section,
to come'in after secuon forty-eight:
Ac it fui l her enruted. That the provisions of the six-
teenth ^eeiiou ofthe act approved Atuju-t 6, 3846, entitled
'•An net to provide for the better oiganizntion ofthe Trc as-
ur\. and toi the collection,safe-keeping,tiaiisfer, and dis
bu'r.-emont of the public revenue," aie hereby applied to,
,iiid shall be conr-tiued to include, al! offieeis of the jptei-
uai leventie charged with the safe-keeping,transfer, or dis-
bursement of the public monejs aiising therefrom, and to
all other persons having actual charge, cusiot!), oi eontiol_
ot monejs oi accounts arising from the admiiiibUation oi'
the internal revenue.
That the committee may pass on the question
understanding:!}-, I beg leave to make one or two
icmarks. As 1 stated the other day, I reminded
the provisions of the sub-Treasury act as proba-
bly sufficient to cover the case of the deposuanes
under this act. The language there is that all
officers and other persons chaiged by that act,
 ! anvotht.r act, with the safe-keeping, transfer,
or disbursement of public money other than those
connected with the Post Oilioe Department, shall
be required to keep an accuiatn entry of the sums
received and of transfers. But as tins is an en-
tirely new system, it is thought better to carry
out the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, so us to make a section expressly applica-
ble to the officers provided by this law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. i move to amend section
fifty-five by stiiking out "£,500," and insulting 111
lieu theieof "{,300," so thai it will read:
And any person who tlmll attempt irauilutailly to evade
the paynii-ut of duties upon :my s-pnit-, distilled aroie-
saiti, b\ changingm any liiannei the nrnk upon any t-ueh
cask oi package, shall foi h it the sum of $300 tor each cask
or package *>0 "altered or changed, to be recovered as here-
inbefore provided.
The object of proposing that amend mentis, that
I he penalty shall not be so severe as that it would
never be enforced.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
same section by inserting after the word " ware-
house" the words " and the fees of such inspector
shall, in all cases, be paid by the owner of the
spirits so inspected,gauged,and proved," so that
it will read:
Sec. 55. Jlvd he it further enacted, That all spirits dis-
tilled as aforesaid by any person licensed as aforesaid shall,
before the same is"u- ed, or removed for any purpose, be
inspected, gauged, and proved by . ome inspector appointed
for the performance of such duties, and who shall mark
upon the cask or other package containing such spirits, m
a manner to be prescubed by said Commissioner, the quan-
tity and proof ot the contents of Mich cask or package, with
the date of inspection and the name of the inspector, and
shall make a return of all spirits so inspected, and the name
ofthe distiller, to the a?sesspr of the district; and the duty
imposed by law shall be a^-es^ed and paid on all spirits so
inspected and not icmoved foithwith to a bonded waie-
housc; and the fees of such im-pector, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
sixty-five by striking out the following words:
And in oa e of such distraint, it shall he the duty of the
officer chaiged with the collection to make, or cause to be
made, an account of the good*, chattels, or effects which
may be distrained, a copy of which, signed by the officer
making such distraint, shall be left with the owner or pos-
sessor of such goods, chattels, ot effects, at higher, or their
dwelling, with a note of the sum demanded, and the time
and place of *ale ; and «aid officer shall foithwith cau&e a
notification to be published in some newspaper, if any there
be, within the county, and pubkely posted up at the post
office nearest to the residence ot the person who«epioperty
shall be detrained, or at the court-house of the same county,
if not more than ten miles distant, which notice shall spe-
cify the atticles distrained, and the time and place purposed
for"the sale thereof, which time Miall not be less than ten
days tiom the date of such notification, and the place pro-
posed for sale not more than live miles distant tiom the
place of making .-uch dmruiut: Provided, That in every
ea*e ofdistiumt for the payment ot the duties afore*..iul, the
goodo, chattel®, or effects so distrained may and shall be
ie?tored to the owner or possessoi if, pnor to the sale
thereof, payment or tender thereof shall be made, to the
proper othcer charged with the collection of the full amount
demanded, together with such tee lor levymgand adveius-
ing, and Mich sum tor the nere-^nry and reasonable ex-
penses of removing and keeping the goods, chattel*., and ef-
fects so distrained, a* may be allowed in like cases by the
laws or practice ot the State or Tennoiv wherein the dis-
traint shall have been made: but in case of non-payment
or neglect to tender as aloiesaid, the said officer shall pro-
ceed to sell the said goods, chattels, and effects at public
auction, after due nonce ot the time and place of sale, and
may and shall retain trom the ptoeceds of such sale the
amount demandable for the use of the United States, with
the said necessary and reasonable expenses of said dis-
traint and sale, as aforesaid, and a eommission of five per
cent, thereon tor his own use; rendering the overplus, if
any there be, to the per-on whose goods, chattels, and ef-
fect?, shall have been distrained.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to timend section
sixty-six by sti iking out 44 $500" and nisei ting m
lieu theieof *' $300;'" so that, it will lund:
That even person licenced as alo>csaid to distill spirits,
or heensul as a leewer. who shall neglect oi retire to tur-
ni-h the aeeoiinr and duplicate thcieoi.as hereinbefore
provided, or who shall K'Ju-e to permit the said assessor,
assi-tant a^p^or, collector, or depun collectoi or m-
f-p.'Ctor to examine the book*- in the mannei provided for,
when requested, shall, for ever} such iciusul or neglect,
forfeit the sum of £300.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that £>500 is not too severe a penalty to im-
pose upon distillers or brewers who actually
refuse to render the accounts required by law.
it is a duty which is well understood, and 1 do
not see why they should not be subject to this
penalty.
Mr. PENDLETON. The reason for making
it $300 instead of $500 is simply that the same
penalty of ^300 is prescribed in all other cases,
if the gentleman has any disposition to raise them
all up to $500, I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 76, section
seventy, line eight, I move to strike out the words
44 and also forfeit a penalty equal to three times
the amount of the duty or sum of money imposed
for such license,'5 and to insert in lieu theieof
the words " or a fine of $500, or both, so as to
make the section read:
Stc. 70. *Indbc it further cnactcU That if any person
or persons shall exe.cw oi cany on any ttade or Inwness
I hereinafter mentioned, for the exercising or carrying on ot
i which tiade or business a license is requiied by tins act,
t without taking oui^ueh lieeuM' as in thatbehalt required,
! he, she, or they shall, for every such offense, respectively,
i at the discretion ofthe couu, be subject to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding two yearapor a fine of $500, or
both, one moiety thereof to the use of the "United States,
the other moiety to the use of the person who shall first
give information ofthe fact whereby said forfeiture was
incurred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. 1 call the attention of the gen-
tleman to the fact that the words inserted on his
motion would have some ambiguity in connec-
tion with what immediately follows.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 am aware of that,and
move, therefore, to amend what immediately fol-
lows, by striking out the word " thereof," and
insertingin lieu thereofthe words " ofsuch fine/'
so as to make it read " one - moiety of such fine
for the use of the United States," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
whole of the eighty-first section, as follows:
Sec. 81. Jind be it further enacted, That in every case
where monthly or other returns of any kind are required
to be made under existing internal revenue laws, the per-
son or persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such
returns within the time fixed by law, and the rules and reg-
ulations made in pursuance of law, shall be asses
penaltv often per cent, by the assessor or assistant a
oi, on" the amount of duty or tax liable to be ass
levied, and collected upon such return, which penalty shall
be added to the assessment, and returned on the list in
which the assessment shall be made and returned; and in
cases of persistent neglect or refusal, the genera! provisions
ot law in such cases shall apply to all returns required to
be made monthly or otherwi^, and to all subsequent pro
ceedings in relation thereto.
My reason for offering that amendment is that
the piovisions of that section are included in sec-
tion fifteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 101, section
eighty-two, line twelve, I move to insert after the
word " duties" the words " with the additions
hereinbefore prescribed;" so that it will read:
That upon the amounts, quantities, and values of prod-
uce, goods, wares, merchandise, and articles produced or
manufactured, and sold or delivered, hereinafter enumer-
ated, the manufactuiero) producer thereof, whether manu-
factured or produced for himself or for others, shall pay to
the collector of internal revenue within his district, month-
ly, or on or before a day to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, the duties on such manufac-
tures. And for neglect to paysuch duties with the additions
hereinbefore prescribed within ten days afterdemand, either
personal or written, left at his, her, ortheir house orpl.ice
of business, or manufactory, the amount of sucb duties
may be levied upon the real and personal property of any
such manufdctuier.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to insert in the
fourteenth line of the same section after the word
" duties" the words " with additions;" so as to
make it read:
And such duties, with additions,and whatever shall be the
expenses of levy, shall be a lien from the day prescribed by
: the Commissioner tor their payment aforesaid, in favor of
I the United States, upon the s>aid real and poi^onal prop-
erly, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 104, line forty-
four, I move to insert after the word "duties"
the words "and additions."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. In line forty-six, same
section, 1 move to amend by inserting after the
word " duties" the words " with additions."
The amendment was agreed to.
The clause, as amended, would then read:
Provided, That the proceeds of the sale of said articles,
if any there he after deducting the duties with additions
thereon, together with the expenses of summons, adver-
tising and sale, or the excess of the value of said articles,
atter°deducting the duties, with additions, and expenses
accrued thereon when turned over to the use of any de-
pal tment of the Government, shall be refunded and paid
to the lnanufactuier, or to the person in whose custody or
possession the articles were when seized.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to insert on page
105, m line rune, section eighty-four, after the
word " duties" the words " and add thereto fifty
per cent.;" so as to make it read:
That in case of the manufacture and sale or delivery of
any goods, wares, meichandise, or articles as hereinafter
mentioned, without compliance on the part of the party
manufacturing the same with all the requirements and reg-
ulation* prescribed by law in relation thereto, the assist-
ant a-ses.-or may, upon such iniormation as he may nave,
1 assume and estimate the amount and value of such manu-
! tactuies, and uponstich assumedamountassess theduties j
| and add thereto fifty per cent.
l The amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend on
i page 109, section eighty-six, line forty-five, by
I gtriking out the words " one year," and inserting
