1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
288?;
"Answer. John H. Shober, R. M. Smith, E. W.Gifford,
D. 0. Gilford, It. M. Johnson, Charles Cooper, W. W,
Warford, and several others.
" Interrogatory 12. Did they hold a pretended election
on the same night?
"Answer. They did.
"Interrdgatory 13. Who were the judges and clerks of
said election?
"Answer. Hugh Fraley, Chroel Gifford, and S. G. Irish
were the judges of the night election, and W. W. Warford
and 1$. M. Smith were the clerks.
" Interrogatory 14. IIow many persons participated at
the night election?
" Answer. About fifteen or sixteen.
" Interrogatory 35. How many votes were cast at said
night election ?
"Answer. The j udges and clerks announced that 22 votes
were cast.
"Interrogatory 16. Explain how fifteen persons were
able to cast 22 votes.
"Answer. I heard one of the voters, namely, John II.
Shober, say that he knew how certain persons would vote
who were absent, and that he would cast their votes for
them.
"Interrogatory 17. How many votes were cast at the
election sought to be held within the legal hours?
"Answer. Thirty-nine.
Interrogatory 18. Are any of the judges and clerks who
sought to hold an election in the legal hours now absent
from the Territory? If so, name them.
"Answer. Jacob Kiel and Samuel Hardy are now absent,
having removed during the early part uf the last winter.
"Interrogatory 19. Which one of the friends and sup-
porters of J. B. S. Todd who paiticipated in said mob
seized and destroyed the ballots?
"Answer. John H. Slmber seized and destroyed the bal-
lots, while E. W. Giffbru stood by with a pistol, aiding and
abetting Shober. The whole mob numbered some fifteen
persons.
" Interrogatory 20. Were most of the persons who com-
j posed this mob intoxicated?
"Answer. They were."
Mr. UPSON. It will be seen by this, Mr.
Speaker, that the skirts of the contestant and his
friends are not so clear in this matter as is pre-
tended, I believe it will be found on investiga-
tion that the contestant in this case is an adroit
political manager, and is well acquainted with the
mode of conducting elections in Territories. That
is attested, if I mistake not, by the evidence in
the celebrated case of the Nebraska contested elec-
tion, Morton against Daily, in which his name
appears somewhat conspicuously. Therefore,
when he had an opportunity, as in this case, of
taking testimony ex parte, selecting his own wit-
nesses, putting down whatever answers he saw
fit without cross-examination, it is notsurprising
that he made out a plausible case for himself, it
is only surprising that he did not make it stronger
I hazard the assertion that I could successfully
assail the right of almost any member of the
Hduse to his seat, if I might be permitted to go
around and select my witnesses and put only
such questions to them as 1 saw fit, writing down
so much of the answers as I pleased and having
no cross-examination of the witnesses. 1 there-
fore dissent from the report of the majority in
regard to this Pembina vote, and submit that the
evidence is conclusive that the return of the vote
from that county of Kitson is an absolute fraud.
The last census shows that the number of votes
returned from that prccinct is four times the num-
ber of white persons, native or naturalized or
foreign born, who were m that whole district;
that within the precinct of St. Joseph where thi*
election was held, there were not twenty-five'
white persons residing in July, 1861, a little more
than a year before this election was held. It
seems to me, therefore, that outside of Buckman's
testimony there is sufficient evidence to warrant
us in rejecting the vote of that precinct. And
when in connection with the objection to Buck-
man's testimony you take into consideration the
objections urged against contestant's evidence
which is admitted, and the facts that the returns
* from Kittson county did not come in within the
time contemplated by the law, and also that if
strict compliance with the law of 1857 is required
it was absolutely out of the power of the sitting
Delegate to have complied with it by reason of
the distant and isolated situation of the district, I
think under all the circumstanccs the House is
fully justified in receiving the testimony of Buck-
man, (which contestanthas notattemptcd to con-
tradict or rebut,) and in deciding that the sitting
Delegate is entitled to retain his seat. If, how-
ever, the majority of the House should decide
this election contest, as the Dutchman decided the,
lawsuit, that it was bad on both sides, [laughter,]
I shall then be satisfied to have the election re-
ferred back to the people of the Territory for their
decision, believing that on the whole it will be
doing substantial justice in the premises, and that
they are properly the ultimate arbiters in the"
case.
Mr.'SMIJH. I do not rise to make a speech,
but to call the previous question on the adoption
of the resolutions.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of or-
der. I ask if the House can by seconding the
previous question cut off the right of General
Jayne from replying if he desires to do so under
the rule of the House entitling a gentleman to
speak in reference to his own contest?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Da-
kota has the right to speak upon this contest un-
less the previous question shall be ordered, which
cuts off all debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. "Well, sir, I am sure the
gentleman fiom Kentucky will not insist on his
demand for the previous question to the extent of
cutting off the sitting Delegate from his right to
be heard in his own behalf.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will be quiet for
a moment I will finish the remark I proposed to
make in connection with my demand for the pre-
vious question. I understand that if the pre-
vious question is ordered i wouldhave the right to
speak for an hour in the closing debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] would have that right,
having reported the resolutions.
Mr. SMITH. Very well*, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I should have said. Now, I un-
derstand that if the previous question is seconded,
the gentleman from Massachusetts does not de-
sire to occupy his whole hour, and will yield to
the sitting Delegate as much time as he desires to
occupy in his hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very well; I am satisfied
with that.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. DAWES. Did I understand the arrange-
ment was that the sitting Delegate should have a
portion of my time?
The SPEAKER. It was so stated by the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania.
Mr. DAWES. It is the first time I have heard
of it, but I will yield to the gentlematt.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, the gentleman will have as much time as- he
desires.
There was no objection.
Mr. JAYNE. The gentleman from Illinois had
a good deal to say in reference to charges against
me of bribery, of the use of money in the buying
of votes in this election. I have only to say'in
reference to the charge of using money in that
election that it is false, totally false; and to show
the kind of testimony which is relied on to sus-
tain the charge, I cail upon the gentleman repre-
senting the noithwestern district of Iowa to say
whether he is acquainted with the character of
one of these witnesses by the name of'Brown, and
if so, whether it is such that he would be believed
by any respectable man in Dakota?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I am acquainted
with a* man by the name of Brown, whose depo-
sition has been read here to-day, and he has the
reputation of being a most notorious liar, so much
so that he went by the name of " Gassy Brown."
I do not believe there is a single lespectable man
in that country that would believe anything he
would swear to.
Mr. JAYNE. The other districts have been
so fully commented on that 1 will not detain the
House any longer by a repetition.
Mr. GANSON. Is Mr. Brown a person who
could be bribed r
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 think it likely
that he might be bribed, and [ think it likely that
he might tell what was untrue. He has a bad
reputation. No man m that whole country has
so geneially the reputation of being a corrupt
liar as this man Brown.
Mr. TODD. I wish tosay a word in reply to
the gentleman from Iowa. There are two Browns.
[Laughter.] There is a Brown there who is a
most notonous liar, and who is known as "Gassy
Brown." He has confounded tshe two Browns
of Dakota, and his statement is not in reference
to the right one.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I did not think I
was mistaken in the man. If so, I stand cor-
rected. I do know that Gassy Brown had avery
bad reputation, and I supposed this was his dep-
osition.
Mr. TODD. One word in reply. This man,
44 Gassy Brown," was indicted in Dakotafor tres-
passing on the Indian land reservation, and re-
mpved from the Territory in 1862, and went to
Minnesota. He got there in the midst of the
Indian troubles in August, and was trilled.
[Laughter].
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I should like to
know whetherthegentlemanohtained that inform-
ation from Brown himself. I saw him alive
and well on the Missouri river about one year
ago, and am informed that he was lately hung in
Montana Territory.
Mr. JAYNE. I propose to examine the testi-
mony in this case, and I will say at the very com-
mencement of my remarks that I do not dj?ny
but that some illegal votes may have been cast
for me as well as many for the contestant. But
I do affirm and shall prove from the eviderv^e that
a majority of the legal votes cast on the 1st day of
September, 1862, m the Territory of Dakota, for
a Delegate to the Thirty-Eighth Congress of the
United States, were cast for myself. I take it
that the decision of this case depends not on the
illegal votes, but upon the legal votes cast. I pro-
pose to show, and will show beyond all doubt or
-question, that I received a majority of the legal
votes cast for Delegate to Congress.
yankton countt.
The contestant (Mr. Todd) objects to the votes
ofNewton Edmunds,George W. Lamson,Abner
Wood, Charles McKinley, Cortes Fessenden, D.
T. Fessenden, and John Mellon being counted,
on the ground that they were not residents of the
Territory. Now, there is no positive evidence for
whom they voted; various witnesses testify that
they believe or have heard that they voted for me.
There is no evidence for whom they voted; it is
all hearsay.
But let us examine the point, were they legal
yoters? Mr. Lyman, (page29,) Mr.Todd's wit-
ness, testifies that he challenged six of the above-
mentioned seven (all save John Mellon) and that
they took the required oath,and then voted.
Now, we find that these gentlemen took the re-
quisite oath that they had resided in the Territory
ninety days prior to the election. Have we any
othei*evidence that they were residents of the Ter-
ritory ninety days prior to the said election ? Mr.
Pinney (page 146) testifies that Cortes Fessenden,
D. T. Fessendefi, and John Mellon, were resi-
dents of the Territory more than a year prior to
the election. Mr. Edmunds, then the chief clerk
in the surveyor general's office,and now the pres-
ent Governor of Dakota, testifies that he himself
had been a resident of Dakota since July, 1861;
that he was personally acquainted with A brier
Wood, CharlesMcKinley, Cortes Fessenden, D.
T. Fessenden, John Mellon,and George W.Lam-
son,and that they were residents of Dakota ninety
days prior to election day. For Mr. Edmunds's
evidence see page 152. Now, as a matter offact,
these persons have been residents of Dakota for
three years past.
bon homme county.
The election in tins county was broken up and
the ballots seized and destroyed before they were
counted and canvassed so as to ascertain for whom
a majority of them were cast. This most wanton
outrage was committed by a drunken mob,'insti-
gated and led on by one John Shober and Byron.
M. Smith, they all being the friends and support-
ers of Mr. Todd, as proven by the evidence of
George M. Pinney, (pages 145and 146,) Charles
E. Rawley, (pages 144 and 145,) L. H. Litch-
field, (pages 142 and 143,) and Moses Herrick,
(pages 151, 152, and 153.) This vote, I submit,
should not have been counted at all, for Mr.Todd
has no right to avail himself of the benefits of his
own wrong. But if counted, his own testimony
gives him 28 votes and myself 13.
I know that the contestant alleges as an excuse
for the illegal and shameful conduct of his drunken
fiien.ds and supporters in seizmgand destroying
the ballots, that they thought a fraud had been
committed by the officers of the election. We
have the evidence of Mr. Rawley, one of the
clerks of the election, (page 144,) and Moses Her-
