866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
payment of bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I reported a few moments ago
resolution from the House of Representa-
tives in regard to the continuation of the bounties.
I think it is very important to take it up and dis-
pose of it one way or the other, or to refer it to
some committee if the Senate is not prepared to
act upon it. I move to take it up for considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 41) to continue the payment
of bounties was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the bounties authorized
to be paid under existing laws, and by regulations
and orders of the War Department, to veterans
reSnlisting or persons enlisting in the regular or
volunteer service of the United States for three
years or during the war, shall continue to be paid
from the 1st of March to the 1st of April, 1864,
anything in any law or regulation to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood from the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
when he made the report, that the joint resolution
was reported without any recommendation by
the committee. I would inquire of the chairman
where the resolution came from originally, and
whether it is here by recommendation of the Sec-
retary of War or on his request, or whether any
communication has been had with the Secretary
of the Treasury, or in fact whether any informa-
tion has been had officially from the Departments
in relation to the matter. Assuredly the Senate
ought to have some information to act upon when
a bill is reported without any recommendation,
which is substantially saying that the committee
do not know anything about it. 1 should like to
know whether ihey do or not.
Mr. WILSON. The joint resolution comes
from the House of Representatives. It was in-
troduced in the House as a report from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of that body, and passed
the House by a veiy large majority; indeed I do
not know whether there was a division upon it.
The Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate
instructed me to report it buck to the Senate with-
out any recommendation. I think the commit-
ter were very much divided as to its policy; a por-
tion of the committee believing it best to pass it;
another portion being opposed to continuing the
bounties so long us we had the enrollment act upon
the .statute-book. So far as any official opinions
from the Secretaries are concerned, the committee
had none before them. A member of the com-
mittee, I believe, had some eonverft.ition with the
Secretary of War, and he is of opinion that the
Secretary desires its passage. I have had no
communication with him. 1 went there for that
pin pose to-day, but he was at the President's.
This is the last day that the present bounty law
can be enforced.
The question is a simple one, and it is this,
whether it is best to continue for another month
the bounties that we are now paying. I suppose
there are differences of opinion in the Senate in
regard to it. I had very much the opinion that
this matter, as it concerns the money, might as
well go to the Committee on Finance for them to
consider, for that is the only difficulty about it.
Theie can be no doubt, I think, that we ate en-
listing men and shall enlist men by the 1st of
April mure rapidly than we can dralt them during
the twenty days of the month of March. We
arc enlisting now more than two thousand men a
day in the country and mustering them into the
service, f suppose we shall have after to-day to
make a draft to fill up a portion of the quota
under the call for live hundred thousand men; but
we are enlisting men very rapidly, and some
of the Governors of the States have urged very
strongly that this law shall be continued. 1 have
in my possession a very earnest letter from Gen-
eral Hancock expressing the opinion that the
quota will be filled up by the 1st of April if the
bounties be continued. 1 have a telegiuphic dis-
patch from General Burnside, fiom Augusta,
Maine, in which he says that after consulting with
the authorities and with persons interested in
New York and in the eastern States, he is satis-
fied thatthe continuanceof the bounty system for
a month longer will fill up the quota called for.
It is a matter that concerns simply the question
whether we can afford to pay these bounties. I
suppose that we have, since the 17th October, paid
and agreed to pay for these bounties from ninety
to one hundred million dollars. It must be over
ninety million, for we have paid bounties,I think,
to very near three hundred thousand men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, one thing
is very obvious to me; and that is that when a
proposition comes here of this description, involv-
ing two considerations, one the number of men
needed and how to get them, and the other our
ability to get them in a given mode, the proper
course is that what is wanted, and the ability to
accomplish what we want, should be ascertained
by the proper executive officers in the first place,
and ascertained on consultation with each other.
It is not a single question; that is, alone, simply
whether we desire to obtain men, and whether one
particular mode is more correct and desirable than
another; but it goes beyond that, and is a ques-
tion of ability to accomplish the purpose in a
given way; and, as I remarked, these questions
should be settled to a reasonable certainty before
the recommendation is made to Congress, and
there should be an official recommendation with
the proper information in relation to it.
I object entirely to having a bill of this import-
ance come in here predicated upon mere telegrams
from officers who are in different sections of the
country, and who look only to the local intelli-
gence which they gain, and of course know noth-
ing of the condition of things here. If we legis-
late upon such grounds—and I am sorry to say
we too often do—we must inevitably get our-
selves into difficulty. Look at this for a moment.
Here is a proposition to continue for a month the
payment of these large bounties. We have al-
ready, as the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs tells us, committed ourselves to the
amountof about a hundred million dollars in that
direction. If it is absolutely necessary to continue
that, we must do it at all events; but I want to
know the facts in relation to the matter. I want
to know how we stand; Congress is entitled to
know; and yet here comes in a bill of this de-
scription from the Committee on Military Affairs,
with my distinguished friend from Massachusetts
at the head of it, reported to the Senate without
a word of recommendation or a fact upon which
to ground it coming fiom the Departments them-
selves in any official or reliable form; and we are
invited to act upon that idea. Now I ask him as
chairman of that committee whether he thinks
that is proper, and whether it is a sufficient basis
of action.
Mr. WILSON, 1 do not think so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir. Because
we really know nothing about it we are required
to act in the dark in relation to the whole affair.
We are required in point of fact to act upon our
fears, upon the fear lest we may omit to do some-
thing that ought to be done; and nobody among
those who ought to take the responsibility of giv-
ing us the facts and giving us the recommenda-
tions chooses to say a word to us upon the subject.
For my own part i cannot help saying to the
Senate that I think this course of action is alto-
gether unwise. We should have a recommenda-
tion from the proper quarter; we should have the
facts upon which that recommendation is founded;
we should have an exposition of our ability to do
these things, and not a Imp-hazard style of legis-
lation m relation to such very important matters
as these.
Now, sir, 1 think the proper motion would be
under the circumstances that this joint icsolution
be recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, to recommend to us what action is proper
to be taken. It is their business to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) The hour of one o'clock has arrived,
and it is the duty of the Chair to call up the un-
finished business of the last sitting of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the regular order
be suspended temporarily until this matter be dis-
posed of.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
; objection, the regular order will be laid aside.
I& Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to move that
the resolution be sent back to the committee with
instructions; but I have already indicated in the
remarks I have made what I think is proper to
be done: that the committee—because a commit-
tee is the proper organ in the Senate in such
cases—should obtain the information necessary
if they have it not, inquire what the necessities
of the case are, and inquire immediately; inquire
too as to whether this matter has had the proper
consultation and examination; and having found
what is desirable, they then can recommend ac-
tion to the Senate. But if they are unable to get
at the facts that it may be necessary for us to
know in regard to the pecuniary branch of the
question which is involved, (which of course they
will not be if they inquire*) I shall have no ob-
jection that the committee to which I belong shall
inquire into that matter. It would save time to
have itdone in the first instance. I move that the
joint resolution be recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel a little sensitive about
this matter of the extension of the draft. I am
one of those who occupy the unpopular position
of being in favor of enforcing the draft strictly,
and of thinking that our authoiities were atfuult
in issuing the proclamation ofOctober last. When
the subject was first up I ventured the assertion
that this change of policy would involve the ex-
penditure of #105,000,000. The chairman of the
Military Committee now tells us that three hun-
dred thousand men have been induced to enter the
service by the offer of these bounties, and conse-
quently the amount of the bounties pledged to
them is about the sum I stated—$100,000,000.
It turns out, then, that I was right in regard to
that point. But the matter was referred to the
Secretary of War, and he made an estimate show-
ing that about one hundred thousand men would
be enlisted under his proclamation; that he had
about nine or ten million dollars accumulated from
the old draft; and that the whole amount that
would be required, if the payment of the bounties
was continued to the 1st of March, would be
about twenty million dollars. He made that es-
timate and sent it to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The Secretary of the Treasury upon that
estimate, assuming it to be true, wrote a letter to
the chairman of the Finance Committee, stating
that he could raise the necessary money to pro-
vide for thatadditional demand upon him. That
letter was sent to the Finance Committee, together
with the bill; and upon that estimate, which 1
knew to be eironeous—I knew it as well then as
I know it now—we were compelled to accede to
the demand of the Department, and we extended
the time for paying the bounties. I am sorry that
we did so. I believe it would have been better
for us then to compel the enforcement of the d raft.
It would have brought money into the Treasury,
and I believe it would have given us the same
number of men.
Now it is proposed to extend this system fur-
ther. If the Secretary of War will say to us that
he advises it and wishes it, and will send a writ-
ten communication to that effect, I shall assent to
extending the draft now for thirty days or any
other time that is necessary; but until that is done,
I will not take the responsibility of voting to post-
pone the diaft.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Extend the bounties, you
mean.
Mr. SHERMAN. That postpones the draft.
They talk about extending the time for bounties;
but it means a postponement of the draft; and if
this joint resolution be passed, the draft will not
take place until after the time for the bounties ex-
pires, which will be in April, and it will then
probably be too late to have a draft at all.
I am perfectly willing to assume the responsi-
bilities of my position, but I think the Depart-
ments oughtto assume theirs. If the Secretary of
War desires the postponement of the draft and
will take the responsibility of asking us formally
by a written communication to postpone it, I will
yield to his desire; but certainly I will not vote
for a proposition of this kind unless the executive
authorities will take the responsibility of recom-
mending it.
As for the money, there is no doubt that the
proclamation of October last has done very much
to embarrass the operations of the Treasury. It
ha.j compelled a resort to that species of socunty
which I hoped would never be used; that is, the
legal tender interest-bearing notes. "But for the
postponement of the draft and the payment of
these large bounties, I believe the ordinaryloan3
made through the old channel would have been
sufficient to carry on the operations of the Gov-
ernment, and to prevent any further inflation of
our paper money. But since the draft has been
