1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
postponed, since this large bounty system has
been entered into, I am willing to extend it if the
authorities will say that an extension is demanded
by the public interest, though in my own judg-
ment it would have been much wiser long ago to
enforce the draft. I am willing to share the re-
sponsibility with them if they will first take the
responsibility and say they want it; but until then
I am not willing to assume the responsibility. 1
know that the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee, if I understand him correctly, stated that a
member of the committee went to the Secretary
of War, and that in a private conversation with
him the Secretary desired the passage of this res-
olution.
Mr. WILSON. I said that I understood a
mertiber of the committee had some consultation
with the Secretary of War, and he came away
with the impression that the Secretary believed
this was the best policy. That member is now
present, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. SHERMAN. That is still more vague.
The committee got the impression that the Sec-
retary desired it from a conversation between the
Senator from Indiana and the Secretary of War.
I should like to know what is the opinion of the
Secretary of War on the subject.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no authority
for the statemen t that the Secretary of War wishes
the extension asked for satisfactory to myself.
Although I did gather some such impression from
a casual conversation with him, there was no au-
thoritative recommendation.
If the Senator will pardon me one moment fur-
ther, I will only say that I shall vote against this
postponement of the draft. I believe that under
the enrollment or conscription act, striking out
the §300 commutation clause, we can get soldiers
enough without impoverishing the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is manifest that the
Secretary of War has noteven committed himself
by a direct request to any member of the commit-
tee, and we ought not to pass this resolution.
Now, I will state, as briefly as I can-, three or
four leading objections to this mode of getting
soldiers by the pay ment of money. It is unequal
as between the States, giving the wealthy States
the great advantage. That is one difficulty to com-
mence with. It is unequal between different com-
munities of the different States. Take my own
State, for instance, where there are very loyal
communities and communities that are not very
loyal. Under the operations of the bounty sys-
tem the whole burden of this war is thrown on
the loyal communities, who come forward and
with the large bounties given by the Government
and the large bounties they raise among them-
selves, they raise the full quota demanded of our
State. The consequence is, that in communities
that are not very loyal—and we have some such
in Ohio—they do not raise any troops at all, and
thus avoid all the burdens, all the expense, and all
the responsibilities of this war. That is unjust
to the State and to the communities in the State.
There is another and still more radical objec-
tion. This system of bounties throws the whole
buiden of the war on the Treasury of the United
States. In my judgment, the individual citizens
ought to bear the burden. It. would be much
wiser to make me pay §1,000 for a substitute, or
$5,000, if I am able to do it, than to make the
Government pay §500, because the Government
in time of war is the poorest of all. It makes no
difference to the community if an individual is
compelled to pay a large amount to pay a substi-
tute; but it does make a very great difference if
the community itself has got to go into the mar-
ket and hire these substitutes. Our system of
bounties has thrown on the Treasury $100,000,000
which would have been raised, by the enforce-
ment of the. conscription act, by the collection of
only §300 from each citizen who would not go
into tlie Army.
These are radical objections against this system
of bounties paid by the Government. I will not
vote to extend them unless ^those who are re-
sponsible for the conduct of the war come to us
in an official communication and ask it of us. Then
I am willing to yield to them the responsibility,
and acquiesce in any measures they may demand
and say are necessary for the public safety.
Mr. NESM1TH. There is apparently some
foundation for the censure of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance on the Military Commit-
tee in relation to the consideration they gave this
subject, and I regard it as my duty to simply
state the circumstances under which it was con-
sidered. It was taken up at a late hour in the
morning and very hurriedly, understanding this
to be the last day that enlistments could be made
under the existing law. I know that two mem-
bers of the committee expressed themselves very
emphatically against the proposition, and stated
that they would vote against it in committee and
would vote against it in the Senate. I was one
of those members. I do not feel at liberty to
allude to the other Senator. No Senator expressed
himself as very decidedly in favor of the propo-
sition; but inasmuch as this is the last day that
bounties can be paid under the existing laws, we
consented that tlie resolution might be reported
to the Senate for their action, knowing that there
was a very great division of opinion among Sen-
ators themselves in relation to the propriety of
adopting any such measure.
I imagine if the resolution had been retained in
the committee and undergone discussion, it might
have occupied several days; and while in a full
committee there might have been a majority re-
port in favor of the proposition, I am satisfied
there woukl have been a minority report against
it. In order to save time and prevent the delay
that would arise from a prolonged discussion of
the question in committee and to save the writing
of these reports, as I stated before, we consented
that the resolution might be reported back with-
out recommendation.
So far as my own position in connection with
this subject is concerned, I am free to say that
while we did not give the subject the usual con-
sideration that questions referred to that commit-
tee receive, my own individual impressions were
entirely against the resolution. 1 have been op-
posed to the payment of these extravagant boun-
ties. In my opinion we had better rely on the
conscription law which was passed by Congress
and is in full operation, with all its expensive
machinery for carrying it on, to obtain troops.
There has been no settled policy in relation to this
matter. Prior to the meeting of Congress the
Department assumed the right to offer bounties,
and paid the most extravagant bounties without
the sanction of law. Subsequently, a resolution
was passed by Congress legalizing, so far as it
was in their power, the proceedings that the De-
partment had taken in relation to bounties. We
afterwards passed a law extending the time for the
payment of bounties to the 1st of March; and now
there is a proposition to extend it to the 1st day
of April; and if we pass it, before the 1st day of
April there will be a proposition to extend it to
the 1st day of June, and there will be a continued
extension. I am in favor of cutting the matter
short here, and am opposed to the payment of all
those extravagant bounties. I prefer to rely upon
that system of raising soldiers which I contend is
the only fair and the only prompt mode of doing it.
Mr. WILSON. I think this resolution had
better go to the Committee on Finance, and let
the Secretaries consult in regard to it. I agree
with the Senator from Maine that a proposition
so important as this should have come to Con-
gress with the views at any rate of the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Treasury. But
the Committee on Military Affairs found it on
their table tins morning, having come from the
House of Representatives without any informa-
tion whatever except what they could gathei from
the proceedings of the House. We have nothing
of an official chaiacter from the War Department
nor anything from the Treasury Department. I i
suppose it will certainly inciease the liabilities of ,
the Government between twenty and twenty-live .
million dollars, not all this year, because the Gov- |
ernment distributes these bounties over the three j
years. That has been the case with the liabilities f
aheady incurred for the payment of bounties. |
That is the reason we are not called upon for more
money, perhaps, as I think we probably shall be.
We know what men we have enlisted; and I
say here to-day that under the call of the 17th of
October last, and the additional call making five
hundred thousand men, we have incurred an ex-
pense, 1 think, from ninety to one hundred mil-
lion dollars. A portion of it must be paid down.
| The remainder is scattered over the period of
thiee years. I suppose if the payment of these
bounties is extended, and we go on raising men
at the rate we are now raising them, that we shall
raise during the coming month somewhere from
sixty to eighty thousand men, paying a portion
of them $400 and another portion $300.
It is a question that Senators must considev
whether we can afford to pay these bounties, i
think the resolution had better go to the Com-
mittee on Finance. I would prefer that it should
take that course; but I shall not shrink from any
labor that may be imposed on me to ascertain
what the views of the Department are. ■
Mr. FESSENDEN, (to Mr. Wilson.) • We
will take it after you get through with it and give
us an explanation of your part of it.
Mr. CLARK. It is evidently proper that this
resolution should go in the first instance to the
Committee on Military Affairs, because the first
question presenting itself is a military one—
whether this is the proper method of raising sol-
diers; whether we need them to be raised in this
way. If these men are not required to be raised
by bounties, then it is not a question for the Fi-
nance Committee at all; but if the Military Com-
mittee or the War Department say that the best
way to raise these men is by bounties, then the
question comesup,and not before,can theTreas-
ury bear it? Therefore it is a question for the
Military Committee to determine,and it is pecu-
liarly for them to determine, whether it is better
to raise these men by bounties rather than by a
draft.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The War Department
in the first instance.
Mr. CLARK. The War Department is the
first Department to be consulted about it. They
are the Department having charge of this subject.
Th?y should consult among themselves, and they
should say to the committee, if the committee
choose to ask them, what is proper to be done.
I am free to say, standing here before the Senate,
at this time, if the Treasury was overflowing, I
would not vote these large bounties without some
information from the War Department as to
whether this was the best method of obtaining
troops.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do they ask for it?
Mr. CLARK. They have not asked for it.
They have not even stated to any member of
the committee whether they desire it. It is sug-
gested that such a recommendation should come
from the Cabinet. I have said it should come
from the Department having charge of the mili-
tary affairs of the country, and then if that De-
partment should ask for advice of the o'her De-
partments it is perfectly proper til at they should do
so, because the Tieas'ury should be consulted in
this matter; but I think I spoke correctly enough,
and that 1 shall be understood. We want the recom-
mendation of the War Departmentas to whether,
as a military necessity, this thing is advisable. I
desire that the resolution should go to the Com-
mittee on Military Allans, as the proper organ
to detei mine the military necessity, and to inform
us whether it is proper and right to vote these
largo bounties to those men or not.
Mr.GRIMES. lam not particular as to what
committee this lcsolution is referred, although I
think it ought not to be referred to any. I think
it ought to be suffered to remain on our table until
we have some action of the Administration or some
views from the Administration as a unit as to what
they desire. It is all a mistake to suppose that
tlieie aie only two Departments that are specially
interested in the passage of this joint resolution.
Let me tell Senators and let me warn them that
within the next thu-e months you will not have
your ships-ol-war manned, for the reason that
under the operation of your enrollment laws and
the bounties that now exist if you are going to
suspend tin;enrollment laws,you wilt notbeable
to recuperate the energies of the Navy. Your
men are all going out of the Navy now, not be-
cause they have abolished the w hisky ration, not
because under ordinary circumstances they might
not get sufficient pay: but, first, because in the
commei cial marine the lowest amount that is now
being paid is thirty dollars per month while we
pay only eighteen dollars, and from that deduct
all the expenses of the seaman, his clothing, and
his small-stores; and, secondly, because all the
appliances of the Administration m tlie shape of
bounties, in the shape of conscription and enroll-
ments, are used to fill up the Army to the utter
exclusion of filling up the Navy.
