1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1913
accordance with theaction of the Committee of the
Whole, and it will meet also the objection raised
by the goml^man from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say further in re-
ply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that per-
haps he did not distinctly hear the proposition of
my colleague upon the Committee of Ways and
Means. There are twenty days given in the first
instance to make the return, and ten days after are
allowed for payment. 1 suggest to my colleague
that in the forepart of the proposition the word
"boat" be stricken out, and 44 vessel propelled
by steam power" be inserted in its place.
Mr. PENDLETON. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON. In section one hundred
and two i move to strike out all after the word
" business," m line five, as follows:
Ami shall be «uhjeet to the same p«ovi-ion«. rules, and
penalties a-* air prescribed for the prisons, firm-, compa-
nies, or corporations owning or possessing oi having the
management of railroads, steamboats, and terry-boats.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to amend sec-
tion one hundred and three by striking outall after
the words" United States," in line thirteen, down
to and including the words " ferry-boats,"in line
nineteen, as follows:
And that the said person, firm, company, association, or
corporation engaged in the business* of insurance as above
defined, shall be subject to the same piovisions, rules, and
penalties a.-. aie pm cribed for the persons, fiim.- , compa-
nies. or corporations owning or possessing, or bavin* the
management oi railroad*, steamboats, and ferry-boats.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend sec-
tion one bundled and five by striking outall after
the word "corporation," in line seven, down to
the end of the section, as follows:
And tne owner, possessor, or person or peisons having
the cute tn management of any such teiegiaplne line shall",
wjthm five day* after the end of each and every mouth,
make a list or return, in duplicate, to the assistant a^essor
of the distiict within which such owner, possessor, corn-
pan}, ur coiporation may have his or its place of business
or i^ located, le^peetively, stating the gro<« amount of Mich
receipts for the month next preceding, wfhch list or return
shiill he verified by the oath or affirmation of Mich owner,
po-sessor, managei, agent, or other proper officer, m the
m-uiner and form lo be prescribed from time to time by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and shall,also, within
the tune prescribed for the payment of duties by matm-
lacturers, pay to the collector of the distuct the lull amount
of duties which haveaecmnlon such receipts foi the month
aforesaid; and in case of neglect or refusal to make said
li-a oi return fur the space of five days alter such return
.-nnuld be made as aforesaid, the assessor or assistant as-
sessor shall proceed to estimate the amount iceeived and
the duties payable thereon, as hereinbefore provided in
oil"T eiises of delinquency to make return for purpo-e* of
assessment: and for the purpose of making s.uch assess-
ment. oi of a-eei taming the coriectness of am sitch return,
the bijok^ of any such person, company, or cot pot at ion sh.il!
l>" subject to tne inspection of the as-essor or a*-i«tant «is-
se—or on ins demand or r< quest tfieiefoi ; and in ca=e of
neglect or ieiu-.il to pay the duties as aforesaid when the
Mine h.ive been ascertained as aforesaid lor the '-pace of
five d.t\~atior tlic same shall have become payable, the
owner, possessoi. or person hauns the management as
."'-I'tesaul, shall pay, in addition, five per cent. <m the
amount of such duti^fe ; and for any attempt knowing!} t<>
evade the payment of sticn duties, the said owner, pos-
se-.-oi, oi percon having t!ie care oi management as aiote-
s.ud, shall be liable to pay a penalty of $1,000 for every
eh ..ueinpt. to be lecoveied as piovided m this act for the
recovery ol penalties; ;uid all piovisions of this aet in re-
lation to liens and collections by dMramt not incompatible
hen-w.ih shall apply to thus svcUon and the objects therein
etiihr,ie<'d.
Mr. PRICE. I would ask thegentleman from
Ohio whether he proposes to preserve the amend-
ment made in this section in passing through the
bill before. We passed an item of fifty per cent,
on the additional charges of these teiegiaph com-
panies.
M:. PENDLETON. I will give the gentleman
fi om Iowa at) opportunity of moving that amend-
ment at the proper time.
The CHAIRMAN. This in one of the pro-
visions of the bill that was reserved for future
action, and will be readied in its regular order
when the gentleman from Ohio gets through with
Ins amendments.
Mr. PRICE. This section was acted on, and
ihe amendment to winch I refer was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The recollection of the
Cieik corresponds with that of the Chair, that
no amendment was actually made, but that the
section was reserved to be considered by the com-
mittee J't some future time.
Mr..KASSON. i know that this was among
the reserved sections.
Mr. PRICE. I want to know if it was not
amended in passing- through the bill before?
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment was offered,
but $as not acted on.
Mr. PENDLETON. In section one hundred
and eleven I move to strike outall after the word
" entertainments," in line thirteen, down to the
end of the section, as follows:
And shall within five days after the cud of each and ev-
ery month make a Jistoi return fo the assistant assessor of
the district m which any theater, opera, circus, museum,
or other place or building, as aforesaid, is located, respect-
ive!}, statin" the gross amount of such receipts for the
month w\t preceding, which return shall be verified by the
oath or affirmation of such person, firm, or corporation, or the
manager or agent thereof, m the maimer a ad form to be pre-
scribed from tune lo time bj th - Commissioner of Internal
Rt'Vfnue; and -hall aNo, within the time prescribed for
the paj ment of duties on manufactures, pay to the collector
or deputy collector of the district the lull amount ot duties
winch have acoiued on such receipts for the month afore-
said,and be suhjecttoall the provisions of law in relation to
a>-essme t~, roan ns. liens, fines,penalties,and forfeitures,
not inconsistent herewith,in the case of manufacturers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move to insert
after section one hundied and eleven the addi-
tional section which I pent to the Clerk's desk
and which has been read.
Mr. MORRILL, i move to insert the word
" form " before "company "
Mr. PENDLETON. I will modify my amend-
ment in that way.
The amendment, as modified, was .agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move to transpose
section one hundred and six, relating to banks
and banking ; sections one hundred and seven,
one hundred and eight, and one hundred and rune,
relating to lotteries; and section one hundred and
ten, relating to advertisements; so that they shall
come in after the sectionjust adopted.
The object in transposing them is bccause the
provisionsof the section just adopted do notapply
to the subjects of the sections I wish transposed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. On page 148, in line
twenty-ei^ht, I move to strike out " five hun-
dred" and insert " one thousand;" so as to make
it correspond with the section just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEN DLETON. i move to amend section
one hundred and seven by striking out "§500"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "§1,000,
besides the additions, penalties, and forfeitures in
other cases provided;" so that it will read:
And in delault of making such lists or returns, the said
proprietors, manager*, ami agents, and ail other persons
making such sales, shall be subject to and pay a penalty of
$500; and the said projectors, managers, and agents shall,
in default of paving the said duty or tax at the tune herein
requited, be subject to and pay a penalty ofS'1,000, besides
the additions, penalties, and forfeitures in other cases pro-
vide.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to amend in the
same section by increasing: the penalty of &500
to <a,oeo.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
one hundred and ten by strikingout "five" and
inserting '• ten:" so thar it will read:
And in csise of negicct or refusal to pay the duties, as
afote&aid, for tin3 space of thirty days after said duties be-
come due and payable, saul owner, possessor, or poison or
poisons having the cure or management of said new-pa-
pers or publication'5, a-= aforesaid, shall pay, in addition
thereto, a penalty of ten pel cent, on the amount due.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
same section by stnk'ng: out °$300"and inserting
"§1,000:" so that it will read:
And in oa-e of f>aud or evasion, wbeiebv the. revenue
i« ntt< mpt..d u> he defrauded, or the duty withheld, said
owners, po-sessoi-. oi person or persons having the care
or management of said newspapers or other publications,
a* aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay a penalty of $1,000 for
each offense, oi for any sum fraudulently unaccounted for.
The amendment was agreed fo.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend the
same section by adding atter the words " in rela-
tion to" the words i£ letums. additions, penalties,
forfeituies," so that it wtil read:
And all provisions in this act in relation to returns, ad-
ditions penalties lorfeltures, liens, assessments, and col-
lection'. not incompatible herewith, ?liail apply to this sec-
tion and the objects heiein embraced.
The ammdnnnt was e^ivO'i ID.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
one hundred and sixteen by striking out the words
" and proceed thereafter to collect."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to amend section
one hundred and seventeen by striking out" five"
and inserting " ten;" so that it will read;
Sec. 117. *And be it further enacted, That the duties on
incomes herein imposed shall be levied on the 1st day of
May, and be due and payable an or before the 30th day of
June, in each year, until and, including the year 1870, and
no longer; and to any sum or sums annually due and un-
paid for thirty days after the 30th of June, as aforesaid, and
for ten days after demand thereof by the collector, there shall
be levied in addition thereto the sum of ten per cent, on tiie
amount of duties unpaid, as a penalty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
one hundred and eighteen by striking out "$500"
and inserting " $1,000;" so that it will read:
And for any default in the making or rendering of such
list or return with such declaration annexed, the bank,
trust company, savings institution,or insurance company,
making such default, shall forfeit as a penalty the sum of
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to.amendsection
one hundred and twenty by striking out " $500"
and inserting "§1,000;" so that it will read:
And for any default in making or rendering such list or
return, with the declaration annexed, or of the payment of
the duty as aforesaid, the railroad company making *uch
default shall forfeit as a penalty the sum of $1,000; and in
case of any default in making or rendering said list or re-
turn, or of the payment oftbe duty,or any part thereof, as
aforesaid, the assessment and collection of the duty and
penally shall be made according to the general provisions
of law in other eases of neglect or refusal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON, imovetoamendsection
one hundred and twenty-four by adding after the
wotd " laws" the words " the assistant assessor
shall make out such lists and valuations as in
other cases of neglect or refusal, and shall assess
the duty thereon, and the collector;" so that it
will read:
Or shall deliver to said assessor or assistant as^essg^ a
false schedule or statement of such legacies, piopeity, or
personal estate, or give the names and relationship of the
per&ons entitled to beneficial interests therein untiuly, or
shall not tiuly and correctly set forth and state therein the
clear value of such beneficial interest, or where no admin-
istration upon such property or personal estate shall have
been gi anted or allowed under existing laws, the assistant
assessor shall make out; &e. *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend, just
after the last amend ment, by strikingout the words
44 the proper ofTiccr of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move to amend section
one hundred and twenty-four by sinking out the
following;
And if any such person, having in his possession, charge,
or custody any such records, files, or papers, shall refuse
or neglect to exhibit the same on request, as aforesaid, he
shall forfeit and pay the sum of $500; and in case of any
i delinquency m making the schedule, list, or statement, or
j in the payment of the duty or tax accruing, or which should
! accrue thereon, the assessment and collection shall be made
! as provided foi in tne general provisions of this. act.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
| one hundred and forty-seven by strikingout " and
a like sum for eveiy succeeding month during
which such neglect shall continue."
The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
' one hundred and fifty-five by adding after the
: word "imposed" the words "or if any person
I shall willfully remove or cause to be removed from
j a stamped envelope the canceling or defacing
; marks thereon with intent to use the same, or
cause the use of the same the second time,orshall
knowingly or willfully sell or buy such washed
; stamps or offer the same for sale or give or expose
; the same to any person for use, or knowingly use
I the same with intent for the second use thereof;"
1 so that it will read;
Or if any person shall fraudiiientiycut,tcar,or get off,or
cause oi procure to be cut, torn, or got off, the impression of
any stamp or die which shall have been provided, made, or
used in pursuance of this act.from any vellum, parchment,
or paper, or any instrument or writing cbaiged ot charge-
able with any of the dutiea hereby Ui&posed; or if any per-
i son shall willfully remove; &c.
I The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend section
; one hundred and fifty-six by-striking out the wotd
