2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
it should be dismissed because it does not conform
to that statute. I hold the report in my hand, sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Delaware [Mr.
Smithers] in behalf of the committee without a
dissenting voice.
Mr, UPSON, Our main consideration in that
case was that nobody appeared on behalf of the
contestant. Nobody appeared to contest the case.
. ' Mr. DAWES. That is true, but 1 would not
slander th$ committee by saying that in the ab-
sence 'of a party they turned a man out of a seat_
without giving him a hearing. It was not upon
that ground. I have the report in my hand, and
I submit to the gentleman from Michigan that the
report neverwas put upon that ground,although
that fact is set out in it.
I consider some things settled by precedent; I
consider some things settled by the construction
which the House of Representatives put upon the
law;and during the lastfourteen years, while that
law has been standing upon the statute-boo4{,
year after year they have required contestants
from the Territories to conform to it, and it seems
too late to raise the question that the law does
not apply to Territories. Then the gentleman
from Michigan, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] who coincides with him,
insist that if the law touching elections applies to
the Territories, and a deposition was introduced
by the contestant not in conformity to law, that
would make it right to introduce the deposition
of the sitting member, although in other respects
it was not in compliance with the statute.
But I submit that the gentleman is mistaken
both in his premises and in his conclusions. He
is mistaken in his premises because I think, if I
could have the ear of this House, that the com-
mittee's conclusion was correct. The law pro-
vides that the testimony shall betaken before cer-
tain officers; if they are not present in the Terri-
tory, then two justices shall take the testimony.
Now, it seemed to be admitted by everybody at
the hearing, that unless the justices of the supreme
court of the Territory were residents, then there
were no other officers to take the testimony, except
the justices of the peace who did take it.
Mr. UPSON. It was the duty of the contest-
ant to show that there were no other officeis in
the Territory.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that it is not the duty
of the Committee of Elections to raise for parties
points which they never raised for themselves.
That is a duty which I did not suppose either
devolved upon a court or upon the Committee of
Elections; and now 1 ask my fiietid if the idea
was suggested before the committee that there
were any other officers to take the testimony ex-
cept the judges of the supreme court of the Terri-
tory.
The whole testimony, uncontrovcrtrd, shows
that the justices of the supreme court did not re-
side in the Territory. Therefore the duty de-
volved upon some other officers. The last named
in the list are two justices, and nobody claimed
before the committee that anybody else was there
to take the evidence.
But aside fiom that (here is another fact which
settles tins question. Suppose that the chief jus-
tice of the Teintory, who is the only one talked
about, did reside in the Territory, Notices were
given by him to take testimony " before him,
or some other person duly qualified to take said
testimony," on Friday, the 5th day of January.
There was before the committee a note from the
judge saying that he could not stay in the Terri-
tory long enough to take those depositions; that
he might possibly stay until Friday night, the
5th of January. Now it appears that there was
no testimony taken on Friday, but that the testi-
mony whs taken on a subsequent day.
Mr. WILSON. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the note to which he alludes, sta-
ting that the chief justice could not be in the Ter-
ritory on a certain day, is evidence to be received
by the committee or by anybody else?
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps not generally; but
where you want to ascertain a man's residence
the law says the best evidence is his own declara-
tions. That is what 1 am after now. I want to
know whether Justice Bhss resided in that Terri-
tory; and inasmach as a man's residence dots
not depend upon his location merely but on that
coupled with his intention, and his intentions can
only be ascertained by his declarations accom-
panying his acts, tlje books of evidence have ad-
mitted those declarations as evidence. Besides,
the note was used by both parties before the
committee without objection.
Mr. WILSON. 1 desire to make a suggestion.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts if he intends to have
a vote to-night.
Mr. DAWES. I did intend to have if 1 live
through this operation. [Laughter.] I was about
to remark, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. We cannot hear
a word the gentleman from Massachusetts says
on this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. Neither can the Chair.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The word " operation" has
been heard here; and that is the only word heard
here for the last half hour. I would like to know
what he means in connection with the word " op-
eration."
Mr. UPSON. 1 hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will read the note to which he refers,
so that the House may understand it.
Mr. DAWES. There is no evidence, nor any
pretense, that Justice Bliss, or any other man au-
thorized to take this testimony, was present at
Yankton on the day it was taken, except the two
justices of the peace who officiated. 11 is claimed
by the two gentlemen who made this minority
report that Mr. Justice Bliss was authorized to
issue a subpena. He said himself that he was
going to leave the Territory on a certain day,
which was nearly two weeks before the time fixed
for taking testimony. There is not a particle of
evidence or a claim that he was there; but, on the
contrary, it was admitted that Mr. Justice Bliss
was not there when the testimony was actually
taken. It was taken on a notice issued by him.
The statute provides that all witnesses who shall
attend upon subpena, or shall attend voluntarily
at the time and place appointed, of which exam-
ination notice shall have been given, shall he ex-
amined on oath or affirmation by the magistrate
who issued the subpena, or, in case of his ab-
sence, by any other such magistrate as is by law
authorized to issue such subpena.
So that, if Mr. Justice Bliss was not there when
the testimony was actually taken on notice issued
by him, then it was proper to pick up any of the
magistrates designated in the section to take the
depositions, and these two justices are so named.
That is the fact of the case. And therefore, Mr.
Speaker, there is no soundness in the position
taken by the gentlemen who join in thisminority
report, that the testimony was not taken accord-
ing to law, even if Judge Bliss was a resident,
which is against all the evidence. Butitdoesnot
follow that, if it was not taken in accordance with
law, that authorizes the taking of depositions on
the part of the sitting Delegate long after the time
prescribed by law.
The minority of the committee object to the
count of the Pembina vote by this House because
it was not received at the office of the secretary
of the Territory till after the time fixed by law for
the board of canvassers to canvass the votes and
declare the result, and was not included therein.
This was reason enough for the canvassers but
not for this House, which looks after the vote ac-
tually cast, not when it was returned. The law
fixing the time within which they were to be re-
turned was directory upon the canvassers but not
upon this House, which always has and ought to
count such votes if they are satisfied that they are
genuine. The next objection is that the return
itself was not made out in conformity to law, for
this reason, as the minority say:
"u The return from Kittson county, known astho Pembina
vote, and situated wholly witlim the imlian country, is not
a copy of ' tile ab*tiuet of votes given in Ins county,'
made by the cleik, witii the assistance of two justices of
the peace, as roijuiied by tiie teuitoiia] laws, chapter
tinity-two, sections 'twenty-eight, thirty-one, and thuty-
three, lint a mere certificate of ttie cierk."
Now, this is what the law requires the clerk to
do:
" On thetiventieth day after theeiose of any election, or
sooner, if all the returns be i ecetvei!, the cleik of tiie board
ot county commissioners, taking to ins assistance two jus-
tices of the p^uce of tile county, shall proceed to open :.u;d
returns and make abstracts ot tile votes in the following
manner: tiie abstract of tiie votes for Delegate to Congress
shall be oil one sheet, Hie absttaet of votes for members of
the Legislative Assembly shall be on another sheet," &c.
After having done this he shall do the next
thing, which is required in these words. I read
from the statute:
"The clerk of the board of commissioneis, immediately
nfter making the abstracts of the votes given in his county,
shall make a copy of each said abstracts, and transmit it
by mail to the secretary of the Terntoiyat the seat ot gov-
ernment."
He " shall make a copy of the abstract"—not
that he shall certify that he took to his aid two
justices—and" transmit it," that is, the abstract,
"by mail." Now, what did he transmit by mail ?
Here it is: *
St. Joseph, Dakota Territory,
Office of the Register of Deeds,
September 5, 1862.
At an election held on the 1st day of September. A. D.
1862, in the county of Kittson and Territory of Dakota, be-
ing the seventh council and repiesentative district oi said
Territory, the following persons received the number of
votes annexed to their respective name?, to wit:
For Delegate to Congress, J. B. S. Todd had 125 votes.
For Delegate to Congress, William Jayne had 19 votes.
Certified by me : CHARLES MORNEAU,
Clerk of the Bomd. of County Commissioners.
Now, it is objected that this is no " abstract."
Wiiat is an abstract of votes ? It is the summing
up and drawing off the result of several items,
that is, the total result of voting of several pre-
cincts. But suppose, as is the fact in this case,
there is but one precinct, how could you sum it
up and draw off a result differing from this ac-
tually furnished? If this had only been called an
abstract, that is all that would have been neces-
sary, becuuse it is all which would have been pos-
sible. Hut my friends of the minority agreed to
a report in the Knox vs. Blair case, just adopted
by the House, in which they say that an abstract
is not necessary at all. This is the language of
that report:
" In the opinion of the committee, all of the polls which
were rejected for want of < an abstract of votes' were er-
roneously rejected. The abstract is simply a computation
or casting up of the votes, not required by law, and, if er-
roneously done, to be coirected. The name of cach voter
and the pei>on tor whom lie voted*is given in eacii case,
and tiie computation left to be made is not only perfectly
ea>y, but is what is being done all the way through this
investigation. The committee have therefore taken into
'the count all polls rejected for this reason.'5
By this decision of the committee in that case
the returns from nine voting places made without
an abstiact, although the law of Missouri is in
this respect precisely like that of Dakota, were
nevertheless counted by the committee and the
House. I think, therefore, it is altogether too
late, both for my friends who signed this minor-
ity report and for the House itself, to raise that
objection.
The question before the House is then nar-
rowed down to this, and this is the whole of it.
Here were before the House yesterday two depo-
sitions, both of them taken in this city; both of
them taken outof time, after the time had expired
for taking depositions. They were taken before
a magistrate in this city, both of them. But they
weretakenin twodifTeientcases. They were both
printed, and were both before th« House. The
House refused to permit one of them to be used
because it was taken out of time, and decided the
case without allowing it to be read. And now
the House is asked in this, the very next case, to
reverse the rule and to permit this other deposi-
tion to be read and considered. If it were right
to exclude it in one case, it is not right to read it
in the other. That which was right an hour ago
cannot under the same circumstances be wrong
now.
I submit it to my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield,] who I know does not mean to
do wrong m this matter, and I ask him to ex-
plain the reason why the Hosse should shut its
eyes and ears to the one and open them to the
other.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, in the case of
Mr. Blair the deposition was taken this winter
about an election occurring in the State of Mis-
souri a year and a half ago, giving the party on
the other side no opportunity to be heard or to
make any contradictory reply, in the case be-
fore us, the deposition taken by Mr. Jayne was
taken a year ago last March, on the 10th day of
March, 1863. General Todd had all of last
spring, ail of last summer, full, and winter, as
well as of this spring, to bring witnesses from
that Territory for the purpose of disptoving this
affidavit.
Now one thing further, if the gentleman will
allow me. The vote itself from this St. Jo.
