1864.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
860
■word " persons;" so as to make the amendment
of Mr. Collamer read as follows:
All free persons enlisted and mustered into service as vol-
unteers under the call dated October 17,1863, for three bun-
dled thousand volunteers, who were at the tune of enlist-
ment actually and for six months previous had been resi-
dent inhabitants of the State in which they volunteered,
shall receive from the United States the same amount of
bounty, without regajrd to color: Provided, however, That
the foregoing provision shall not extend to any State which
the President by proclamation has declared in a state of
insurrection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to ask the
Senator from Vermont how that word "free"
will affect the colored soldiers recruited by me ?
They had been in the State of Kansas over six
months, but many ofthem had before been slaves.
They had escaped from Missouri and from Ar-
kansas; and before being mustered into the ser-
vice most of them had been in the State of Kan-
sas six months. If the word " free" is to cut
them out, I am opposed to its insertion, and I
trust the Senate will reject it. I have laid upon
the table an amendment which I propose to offer
at the proper time, to extend the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont to those enlisted since
July 1, 1862. so as to cover those, whom I re-
cruited in Kansas during that year. The authority
to recruit which was given to me by the War De-
partment authorized me to raise a brigade of in-
fantry without reference to color.
Mr. COLLAMER. What was the date of that?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. July 22, 1862. Under
that authority in forty days, aided by my gallant
constituents, I raised three regimentsand six com-
panies of white infantry and one regiment of col-
ored infantry. WhatI desire to accomplish is to
get a provision inserted in the bill that will give to
the colored infantry raised under the same author-
ity, for the same term and arm of the service, the
same bounty that the white infantry have re-
ceived. Some of them were and always had been
freemen; but the larger portion of them were es-
caped slaves from Missouri and Arkansas, who
had resided in the State of Kansas six months
previous to their being mustered into the service
of the United States. The letter of the Secretary
of War authorized me " to proceed forthwith to
raise and organize one or more brigades of volun-
teer infantry, to be mustered into the service of
the United States for three years or during the
war." Under that authority I mustered in three
regiments and six companies of white and one
regiment of colored troops.
Mr. COLLAMER. When I offered myamend-
ment, I endeavored to explain to the Senate the
ptypose and object of it. It was thought that it
might include according to its terms more than the
object which I stated and which I desired to ef-
fect. It is possible that that may be so; but the
pending amendment moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to insert the word
"free," arises, in his view, from the last sec-
tion inserted in the enrollment bill lately passed,
which provides for paying for slaves; and lie fears
that unless the word "free" be inserted in this
amendment of mine, provision will be twice made
for the case of slaves.
AH seem to agree in the justice of the object
sought to be accomplished by my amendment; I
have heard no objection to it; and yet it seems
that the subject is treated very much like the
Irish farrier's bill, "curing your honor's horse
till he died." [Laughter.] That is the way the
whole subject is treated, curing it to its death.
Every man who lias an ax to grind comes in,
and then others who have speeches to make ex-
plaining their objections to another bill that was
passed some days ago, and which they do not
like, take this occasion to express their views,
and so this amendment of mine becomes the
stalking-horse to bear the burden of the grievances
of everybody, though in no way related to the
subject which 1 moved. I am desirous of trying
once moie to effect my purpose, which I take it
is laudable, for I have notheard it objected to, by
endeavoring to put my amendment in a briefer
compass, and perhaps by that means avoid the
amendments proposed to it.
Mr. President, I stated before and will very
briefly repeat that in the State where I live, and
in many other States, the colored people were
enrolled with the white people according to law,
were subject to draft, and some of them wt-re
drafted last summer. When that draft resulted
aa it did, falling short of the expectations which
many had formed of its results, the President is-
sued a proclamation inviting people to volunteer
instead of being drafted; for having on hand a
considerable quantity of commutation money he
offered a bounty of $300 to those who would en-
list instead of waiting for other drafts. Could
anybody suppose that that proclamation did not
extend to all people who were subject to the draft?
it was saying in effect, " Come in and volunteer
so as tQ avoid another draft." The people did
volunteer instead of standingoff for a draft; but,as
I said before, when the officers came to muster in
the volunteers, they paid the bounty to the white
men and did not pay it to the black men, though
those men were enrolled at home and subject to
draft. What I desire is to correct that, and 1 have
not yet heard any man say that it ought not to
be corrected.
I propose now, upon more reflection, instead
of using the words I originally employed in the
amendment, to change them so as to say simply
that the bounty shall be paid to all volunteers,
under the call of October 17, 1863, who were ac-
tually enrolled and subject to draft, and leave it
just there. That will cover the case which I de-
sire to meet. Inasmuch,however,asone amend-
ment has been added on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] I do not
know that I am at liberty to amend the amend-
ment, and I suppose that without common consent
I am not; but to avoid the proposed amendment
now moved by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] to insert the word " free," I take
it it will be safe enough if it is put in the shape I
now propose, and that is to pay the bounty only
to those who volunteered, and who if they had
not volunteered would have remained liable to
draft, having been actually enrolled. Those slaves
for which he says provision has been made in the
last section of the enrollment act lately passed
will not be reached by this because they were not
enrolled and subject to draft, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not compe-
tent for the Senator from Vermontnow to modify
his amendment except by unanimous consent,
the Senate having amended theamendment of the
Senator subsequent to its introduction.
Mr. COLLAMER. I so understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will, however,
be competent for the Senator to move to amend
the whole clause by striking it all out and insert-
ing precisely what he now proposes.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well; but that is out
of order now, 1 believe. I must wait my day, I
suppose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to say a few
words in relation to this matter, rather with a
view that my own position in regard to it may bo
understood than for any other reason, inasmuch
as I feel called upon to vote sometimes against
what might seem to be just in itself, taken by it-
self. In order that I may make myself under-
stood, I will with the permission of the Senate
say a few words with reference to the position of
the bill, and I call the attention of my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the subject, in
order that if I in any degree misstate him lie may
correct me.
Some two years ago when we passed the orig-
inal bill for the enlistment and employment of
persons of African descent into the Army, we
provided a definite, fixed sum per month for their
payment. At that time, as is well known—the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts knows it
as well as anybody—there was a difference of
opinion upon the subject. That bill, if I remem-
ber rightly, was passed at quite a late period of
the session of 1862. It was my opinion at that
time, whether expressed publicly or not 1 do not
know, but certainly expressed in conversation
to him and to my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,]
who, I think, did speak his sentiments as well as
my own on the subject, that the black troops thus
raised ought to be put upon an equality in all re-
spects with the white; not that we were of opin-
ion that in all cases they would earn the same pay
and would deserve it, for in some cases I was of
opinion then that they would not, for the simple
reason that twking the slaves on the Mississippi
they could live much cheaper than white soldiers,
and for the further reason that the Government
I was doing a great deal more for their wives and
! children. Nevertheless I was of opinion at that
i time that they ought to be put upon the same
level in order that there should be no ground for
any distinction by the enemy between colored
troops and white troops, that it should not lie in
their mouths to say that we ourselves had matte
a distinction, and that therefore they were at lib-
erty to consider them upon any other footing than
the regular soldiers of the United States.
My friend the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee was not of that opinion at that time, as
he will remember. He thought that the amount
fixed in that bill was ample; and he thought,
moreover, which undoubtedly was the controlling
reason in his mind, that there would be danger in
making an amendment providing for giving the
colored troops the same pay, as we might by-so
doing possibly lose the bill itself through the
lapse of time! That being the opinion of the
Committee on Military Affairs, we did not make
any strenuous objection to the bill as it stood,and
it was passed; I remaining, however, of the same
opinion then as I am now.
Under that bill a very large number of men
have been employed; alarge number of those who
were formerly slaves have been employed, and
have been employed with their free consent; and
in some of the free States colored men have been
employed with the perfect knowledge and under-
standing of what the provisions of the bill were,
that they were to receive ten dollars a month and
no bounty. Opinions differ as to the number, but
perhaps fifty or sixty thousand of them have
been enlisted; most of them, the large mass, un-
derstanding perfectly the amount they were to
receive, content with it, making no objection to
it, for the reason undoubtedly that they under-
stood as well as we that the differences had ex-
isted which I have stated.
It seems, however, that notwithstanding our
law, under permission given by the Secretary of
War to the Governor of Massachusetts, two reg-
iments were raised in Massachusetts, and raised
under enlistment papers specifying that they were
to receive the same pay, &c., as other volunteers.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] undertook to show that that was done
legally and properly, whether permission was
given or not. I think he failed to show it to the
satisfaction of the Senate, and I think he was mis-
taken in the view he took of the law. The Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts, however, gave the au-
thority, and two regiments were thus enlisted and
mustered into the service. Two other regiments
were enlisted in South Carolina, called the first
and second South Carolina, I think, the coloncl
of one of them and perhaps the other officers
being from Massachusetts, and the other com-
manded by Colonel Montgomery. 1 have been
furnished in a letter written to me by one of those
officers with the original authority from the War
Department under which as it is said those two
regiments were enlisted, and 1 will read it to the
Senate. It was addressed to General Saxton:
" You are also authorized to arm, uniform, equip, and
rceeiyc into the servieo of the United States such number
of volunteers of African descent as you may deem expedi-
ent, not exceeding five thousand, and may detail officers to
instruct them in inilitaiy drill, discipline, and duty, and
command them.
"The persons so received into service and then officers
to he entitled to and receive the same pay and lauona ad
arc allowed by law to volunteeis in the service.
" EDWIN M. STANTON,
" Secretary of War."
Now, in regard to these cases, allow me to say
as to the two regiments from Massachusetts, that
I do not understand that under any authority
given by the Secretary of War the Governor of
Massachusetts was authorized to promise them
any mote than ten dollars a month. Nevertheless
he did so, that is to say, the papers were drawn
up in that form, and it was so understood. It
seems to them, and justly, very hard that they
cannot receive the thirteen dollars a month like
other soldiers. I understand with regard to the
South Carolina regiments, that for a time they
weie paid the thirteen dollarsamonth,and finally
it was cut down to ten dollars a month, and that
now there is some apprehension that the over
payment, as it is called, of the three dollars be-
fore is to be taken from their pay which may be
received after this time.
In the last case it would be more manifestly un-
just that they should not be paid from the begin-
ning the thirteen dollarsa month; and as has been
contended by the Senator from Vermont, if the
two Massachusetts regiments were thus enlisted
