1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2891
precinct couid not and did not arrive at the seat
of government of the Territory within the sixty
days prescribed by la^,and Mr. Jayne therefore
had no opportunity to avail himself of his rights
under the law. And I desire to say furthermore,
that a majority of the committee waived the mat-
ter of time in respect to General Todd giving his
notice of the contest of the election before the vote
was declared. They waived that, and yet they
insist on the sixty days' limitation in respect to
this vote at St. Jo., which had not reached the seat
of government at the expiration of sixty days.
Now, sir, in respect to the officers before whom
these depositions of the sitting member were
taken, they gave notice to Judge Bliss of their in-
tention to take them before him. Judge Bliss was
there and said he would take them. Then they
said they wanted to take them before Judge Wil-
liams. Judge Williams said he would not be
there to take them ah, but would take as many as
he could; and they then went off and took them
before two justices of the peace. The majority
of the committee waived that irregularity, they
waived the irregularity of the notice, and yet
when they come to this fraud, which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is too honest to swal-
low—I want the gentleman from Massachusetts
to hear this—I say which the gentleman was too
honest to swallow, in respect to these 44 votes,
when he knows that there was only one man who
voted legally, they exclude the proof of that upon
these technicalities alone.
Mr. DAWES resumed the floor.
Mr. TODD. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield any further. If
I understand my friend from Pennsylvania cor-
rectly, while he admits that both of these deposi-
tions were taken precisely alike without any au-
thority of law, he justifies the conclusion to de-
part from the rule adopted in one case in the other
because the deposition was taken earlier and left
an opportunity for Mr. Todd to bring witnesses
to controvert it. He omits to state to the House
what every lawyer who has been a judge knows,
that Mr. Todd had no power to bring a witness
here. The authority of the law over the case had
expired. He had no authority to take a deposi-
tion. It must all be voluntary after that. He
could not take depositions; he had no power to
reward witnesses by raising them to office here
for telling their story. Sir, there is no reason 1
can comprehend, and I think my friend from
Pennsylvania in all fairness will admit there is
none, why the committee should have departed
in one case from the rule laid down by the House
to them in the other. He says that the commit-
tee departed from the rule themselves in over-
looking the technicality of Mr. Todd giving no-
tice of the contest before the certificate had been
given to Mr. Jayne.
Mr. SCHSNCK. If the gentleman will al-
low me I will make a proposition which I think
will make a satisfactoiy adjustment of this ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I decline to yield, and I might as well decline go-
ing on any further in this case. I have been strug-
gling since yesterday morning to discharge my
duty, knowing as well as anybody that it was a
disagreeable one; but I find that I cannot have
the attention of the House, and I am almost dis-
posed to abandon the whole thing. It ^impos-
sible to speak to the House when nobody is dis-
posed to listen. I am sure I do not want gentle-
men to listen on my account, for 3 have ceased to
have any further interest in this matter than my
duty compels mo to take.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman has introduced a
minority report, in which he says he wiINngt con-
tiovert the position of the majority in declaring
that the defect in tiie notice had been waived.
The gentleman had notice. The minority of the
committee say that they do not controvert the
proposition of the majority of the committee in
pronouncing all defects in that notice waived.
The committee say that, inasmuch as the notice
was served before the time—after the time Mr.
Jayne answered it without taking objection to it
—he thereby waived any defect, and the minority
sav they do not controvert that point.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, would it be
in trdcr to move an amendment repealing the act
organizing the Territory of Dakota?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that amendment.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order if
the gentleman had the floor.
Mr. DAWES. After admitting that the ma-
jority report wag correct in that respept,itis now
too late to object; and he cannot admit a depo-
sition in one case that he refused to admit in an-
other.
Mr. SCOFIELD rose.
Mr. DAWES. I decline to yield further. I
want to conclude what I have to say as speedily
as possible. I hope this will be received m good
temper—I am in good temper myself.
. 1 submit, Mr. Speaker, that there is no reason
•for making a distinction between the two cases.
If we do we are submitting ourselves to the crit-
icism which I have suggested. Whoever is dis-
posed to criticise the action of the House in the
last case will say then that you refused to open
your ears and listen to.a deposition in order that
you might turn one man out, and thatin the next
breath you declared you would have a like depo-
sition admitted to ktiep another man in. Will you
admit a deposition taken in this case out of time,
when you refused in the previous case to do the
same thing? I do not think any gentleman in-
tends to do wrong; I do notthink anygentleman
isdesirousofdoingthat which he thinks is wrong;
but I submit that we are m danger of putting our-
selves in that attitude.
The committee have supposed that the decisions
of the House from year to year constituted a code
of laws by which they were to be guided. What
sort of a code would we have by such contradict-
ory action as this*
Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of the House
for a few moments to the character of this depo-
sition. It is claimed as proof that there were 125
fraudulent votes cast for Todd. Let me ask the
House to look to the inside of that deposition.
Although it is contrary to ordinary proceeding
in lav/, yet I am compelled by the course taken
by the minority, who have read portions of the
deposition to the House, to quote other portions
of it. This deponent undertakes to show that
there were not six legal voteis in that precinct.
Hear what he says:
" Question 5. How many white male persons of twenty-
one years of ase residing at Pemlunawere born within the
limits of the fJmted States-?
"Jlnsner. besides myself, I do not believe that
there are more than one.
a Question 6. How many white male persons of twenty-
ope years of age residing at St. Joseph were born within
the limits of the United States ?
"Answer. To the best of my knowledge there arc but two
there who were bum within the limits ol the United States."
How does he know that?
" Question 7. IIow many foreign-bom residents of either
of lho«e places weie naturalized citizens, or had fifed their
declatations to become naturalized citizen-,, at the time of
the election on the Kt of September, 1862 ?
"Answer. i know that there is one naturalized citizen in
Pembina, for i have seen his papers; and there ate two
residents of St. Joseph th.it X tfuppo.-se are naturalized Citi-
zens, from the fact that they have he'd offices under the
United States Government. And futtherthan this I have
no knowledge on tiie subject."
"And further than this I have no knowledge
on the subject." Yet my friend is convinced
there were only six men there ! This man con-
fesses that this contrivance was carried out at his
suggestion, and it is proposed here to adopt the
deposition of apuriictps criminis. Now there is
no rule of law plainer than that a man shall not
be convicted of stealing even a hen upon the un-
corroborated testimony of a particeps criminis.
The testimony of the man who is guilty of the
crime or offense with which another is chaiged
is never taken m a court of justice unless it is
supported by other testimony; and I submit to
the House whether it is worth while for them to
depart from a rule established by themselves in
the last case, for no other fruit thereof than to
admit here and to decide a case upon the uncor-
roborated testimony of the man who did it him-
self, and the man who confesses he enjoyed the
fruit of it himself, as long as there was any fruit
of it to enjoy, to wit, a seat in the Legislature on
these votes alone, end who never disclosed the
fact that there was a fiaud—if there was any fraud
—until there was held up to him the prospect of a
reward m the shape of an olHee afu-r the disclos-
ure. I put these facts befoie the House because
I know the House is disposed to dccidetius case
1 as it ought to be decided. I submit that if they
1 adopt the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr.-BitooMALL,] to declare
that Todd is not entitled to his seat, they do it
upon the testimony of the man who committed
the fraud—testimony taken without the law and
against the law—and when they have just decided
in another case that they would not touch any
testimony so taken, and testimony, too,ofacon-
fessed particeps criminis, with the reward for his
story in his mouth while he testifies.
Now, notwithstanding the suggestion of my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Upson,] that there is
corroborative testimony, I submit to this House
that there is not a word of corroborative testi-
mony; and what he relies upon as cumulative,
I beg leave to refer to. That is the census taken
fourteen months previously, in which' two things
are shown: the lie is in the first place given to
this deposition of Buckman, for that census could
not have been true and this deposition also; be-
cause he says there were but six men there, while
the census says there forty odd, and this same
man Buckman made the report of that fact to the
Legislature. And yet he comes here and swears
that there were only six. That was fourteen
months before. And I submit that in a new Ter-
ritory the addition of a hundred voters in a place
is no remarkable thing..
Whether it be so or not, I wish to submit to
this House that they should seek to be consistent.
Try a case on the record—and only on the record
—made up for trial, and give no occasion for the
charge of inconsistency, merely to carry out a
prejudice of the members. I do not believe the
members of the House are actuated by any such
feeling, and I do not desire that any such slander
shall be brought upon this House, or that any
course they shall take shall subject them to any
such'accusation as that, because I believe it will
be false.
The result of the examination is, all the com-
mittee agreeing, that the majority for Jayne was
fraudulent, and that he is not entitled to his seat,
and, all the committee but two agreeing, that
Todd is entitled to his seat. Two of the com-
mittee say he is not entitled to his seat because
they insist that this deposition to which I have
called the attention of the House ought to be read
and considered by the House, and ought to be
taken as true, when it is shown that it was taken
without law, against law, against the very prece-
dent of the House made an hour before this case
was taken up. And besides all that, it is a depo-
sition of a party guilty himself, and who held his
tongue so long as he could enjoy the fruit of his
silence, and only opened lus mouth that,immedi-
ately after he uttered this deposition, there should
be dropped into it a plum.
I now leave the matter entirely with the House.
j Mr. SLOAN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts which of-these two men got
most of the legal wtes which were cast in that
Territory? '
Mr. DAWES. I would answer the question
with pleasure if there were no objectipn. 1 merely
desire that the House mayadoptsuch acourse of
action in these election cases as that the Com-
mittee of Elections may know precisely what
the House does intend and may be guided by it.
It is utterly impossible for me or for the com-
mittee to understand how we are to act in future
cases if, in consulting the record, we find thatin
one case we are to admit testimony taken outside
of the time prescribed in the law, and in another
case to reject it. Are we to understand it that
the rule is to operate alternately—that in the one
case we are to act on the rule of rejecting such
testimony, and in the next case not to act on it,
and so change alternately ? That isnrule which
is absutd in itself, and I tiust the House will not
be guilty of any such absurdity.
The first question was on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Broom u.t.—that the election in the
Territory of Dakota for Delegate was attended
with so much illegality and fraud that neither
William Jayne nor J. B. S. Todd is entitled to a
seat in the House as such Delegate, and that the
seat of the Delegate of such Territory is declared
vacant.
Mr. GANSON called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
