1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
refiners two and a half per cent?"ct<2 valorem in-
stead of one and a half.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to insert on page 127,
after line three hundredand sixteen, the following:
On quicksilver produced from the ore, a duty of five
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. HIGBY. I object to thatamendment, but
not because my own State is particularly interested
any more probably than many other localities.
We have one very extensive quicksilver mine in
that State already developed, but I do not mean
to apply my remarks directly to that company or
to the profits of it.
It will be readily seen that quicksilver is noth-
ing but a commodity which has no fixed value
like gold and silver. Its value varies like that of
any other kind of property. The community must
pay the greater amount of the duty which is put
upon this article justas much as they do the duty
put upon iron. The company cannot be reached
and made itself to pay this tax, because the busi-
ness is almost a monopoly, and they have ihe con-
trol of the market, and can make the community
pay whatever they choose. The great body of the
mining population have to purchase quicksilver
for their business. It enters into their daily opera-
tions, and wherever it has to be purchased there
the price will have to be paid which is demanded
by these companies.
If it were an article produced by many com-
panies thecase would be quite different; bccause
then they would enter into competition with each
othei. But as that is not so, they can make the
production as great a monopoly us they please,
and the rnoie you increase the taxes so much the
more the community itself must pay. Such will
be the practical effect of putting such a tax upon
this article.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not understand that this
business is any less profitable than any other pur-
suit in any other portion of the country; and the
only argument the gentleman has used in opposi-
tion to the amendment is, that they having a mo-
nopoly and the power to mciease their prices, will
be induced to inciease them if we tax thein. I
tinst the amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In the next line I move to
stiike out if and quicksilver" and to insert " and"
between i( goiu " and " si! ver." This takes quick-
silver out of the list of three per cent, duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out of line
three hundred and nineteen the words " ad valo-
rem.11 Gentlemen from the mining districts think
that if they have to pay an ad valorem duly on gold
and silver, they would not only he compelled to
pay three dollars upon a hundred, but three per
cent, upon the value of gold estimated in green-
backs.
The am' ndmcnt was agreed to.
Mr. KALBFLEISCII. I move to amend 6y
Milling after line two hundred and twenty-two,
in reference to the duty on gold and silver, the
following pro\ iso:
.2 m? ym rifled further. That nothing i on tamed m thi-^ec-
tiun fh.ill apph to gold and silvoi piodueed by snvlting, or
iiom what is known a.s ^weepings, nor to the leihung of
said mauls.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mt. HI GEY. I move to strike out the whole
pai agraph in relation to gold and silver, and in-
sert in heu thereof the following:
On all gnid and sihvi exceeding in value §600 in coin.
Reduced amiuallj hem any mining claim, a duty oi tinee
p.-rei'iu.: ProLiJcd, Thai any Mich inniin? claim shall be
sui l.uger  n gtoand or hide, for the purpose* of thi< tax,
than is allowed to each individual by location under the
Miies, regulation^, andcu-tonis of muicis established m the
nunnig tiir-uxet in whicli Mich claim is located.
The paiogiapli as reported by the committee
eon templates taking three cents from every dol-
lar ot" gold and silver taken from the mines. I
have failed to hear fiom the committee ally rea-
son why a man whogoes into the earth and delves
for gold and silver should not first be protected
m having a living, just as much as any otherper-
son many other business. The common laborer
is not taxed until a certain amount is set apart
for a livelihood. "Why a miner should have to
go into the bowels of the eaith and extract this
iutioie, and not iiist have protected to him a suf-
ficient amount to live on, I tio not understand.
Let him fust have his living as every other man
has, and then put your tax on. There is'no jus-
tice in doing it before that. If the farmer and
mechanic need $600 a year to live on, I think the
miner needs about that amount to live on for the
year, and I do not know where he is to acquire
that amount unless it be from the product of his
labor in the mines. Justice and equality require
that he should have something reserved to him
for his livelihood as much as any man who fol-
lows any other pursuit. It is therefore but right
that he should be protected on $600 or some other
specified amount before you begin to tax or levy
a premium on his labor.
Now, I have fixed this amendment so definitely
that the miners will understand its language, it
is perfectly well known to them, although mem-
bers here may not understand it so well. I have
quoted the language usedm our statutes in refer-
ence to this subject. Let it be well understood
that this is a tax over and above the income tax.
It is in addition to that. We find no fault with
the committee for taxing miners a certain amount
over an J above the income tax, but we do insist
that there shall be something first secured to the
miner as a source of livelihood. That is but just
and right.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, it seems to
me that these gold miners, who are a very meri-
torious class of people, have been very much
spoiled heretofore by the indulgence of the Gov-
ernment, and that now they are showing it through
their Representatives. The manufacturer who
finds his own capital pays five per cent, upon the
products, but these are not manufacturers. They
come upon the lands which belong to the. Gov-
ernment and we only charge them a royalty on
what they are digging of our gold. They come
upon our lands on which they have no business
at all except by the permission of the Govern-
ment, and now we only ask them to pay thiee
per cent, on the rich metal they extract. Why,
sir, in Pennsylvania you cannot get the right to
mine coal short of twenty-five cents per ton, and
you cannot get the right to mine iron ore short
of from fifty cents to a dollar per ton. That is
what the owners of the land charge. As the
owners of these lands we are not charging these
miners for their labor; we are simply charging
them a royalty.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the gentleman if
gold and silver do not have a standard value? But
when other articles are taxed the price will of
course rise. I would ask the gentleman if when
iron is taxed it is not sold for a higher price?
Mr. STEVENS. We are not taxing wrought
gold and silver. We are taxing the right to dig
the ore. When the owner of lands containing iron
ore sells the right to dig it, he charges from fifty
cents to a dollar a ton,and besides that if the man
who purchases that light be a manufacturer he
has to pay a high manufacturers' tax in addition.
But here we only tax the right to dig the ore. I
am sorry our fiiends from California do not ap-
preciate the liberality of the Government,
i Mr. HIGBY called for tellers on his amend-
! ment.
i Tellers were not ordered.
I The amendment was disagreed to.
jj Mr. WALLACE. I move to amend this sec-
l' tiun by striking out the proviso, which is in these
|; words:
Provided, That all duties accruing upon gold and
ji silver pioduerd a* afoiesaid shall be due and payable in
j ] com or bullion.
!i Mr. Chairman, I think this is the only instance
in this bill where a distinction is made in the char-
aeter of the payments required to be made by the
ij people. The miners are required to pay in com
j; or in gold or silver bullion. I ask the committee
ji whether there is any fair and good reason for
If making such a distinction. The Government of
|i the United States has flooded the Pacific coast
{1 with paper money. Every person engaged in
|! business there, whether he is running a rum-null,
a billiard-saloon, or a bowling-alley, can pay the
tax required of him m the paper currency of the
country issued by the Government itself. But
when you come to the miner, the most meiiton-
ous class of people in that section of country , you
require hira to pay Ins taxes in gold or silver.
When the tax-gatherer comes around, and the
, miner presents to him the paper currency issued
! bv t he Go vo nmeni, H is lepudlated. Why should
II Congress plaui il « Government in thai position.
repudiating its paper, and requiring miners to
pay in coin or gold or silver bullion, while every
other person can pay his taxes in the currency
of the country? For that reason, and believing
that this is an inequality which is odious and of-
fensive, I have offered the amendment.
Tellers were ordered on the amendment; and
Messrs. Steele, of New Jersey, and Shannon,
were appointed.
The committeedivided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
do now rise for the purpose of closing debate on
these paragraphs.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration as
a special order the interna! revenue bill, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRiLL. I move that all debate on
these paragraphs shall close in one second after the
consideration of the bill shall be resumed in the
Committee oftheWhole on thestateof the Union*
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules wereaccordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration, as a special order, of the internal
revenue bill, all debate on the pending paragraphs
being closed in one second.
Mr. SHANNON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add to the paragraph the following proviso :
Provided, Upon tin: payment of such lax by the owner or
company owning any mine, the collector of internal rev-
enue for the dislrict in which the mining claim is located,
shall execute a receipt to the party paying tile same, par-
ticulai ly (fescnimigthe mine, amlfcUch receipt shall be evi-
dence in favor of the party holding the same of his or their
right to the use, occupancy, and possession of tile mine, so
described, as against the United States: Provided further,
That it any person or company shall neglect or rsfuse to pay
the tax herein piovided lor, the party so neglecting or rc-
fus-in" shall forever foifeit all right to such mine or claim,
and the tame shall be open and subject torelocation by any
other pel son.
Mr. GANSON1. I move to amend theamend-
ment by providing that the receiptshall bear such
stamp as is required for the conveyance of real
estate. [Laughter.]
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Shannon's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENNET. I move to amend section
ninety-five, line three hundred and nineteen, by
inserting after the words " ad valorem" the words
" on the net proceeds;" so that it will read:
On gold, silver, and quicksilver, produced from quartz
mines, from beds of rivers, from the earth, or in any other
way or manner, a duty ol three per cent, ud valorem on the
net proceeds.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the same
paiugiaph by striking out " three per ct-nt." and
mseiting in lieu thereof "five per cent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move to add the following
as a new section, after section ninety-five:
And be it father enacted, That every person, firm, or
corporation who shall have made any contract prior to the
passage of this act, and without other provisions therein
lor the payment of duties, by law enacted subsequently
thereto, on articles to be delivered under such contract, is
hereby authorized ami empowered to add to the pi ices
thereof so much money as will be equivalent to the duty
so subsequently imposed on said articles, and not pre-
viously paid by the vendee ; and shail be entitled by virtue
thereof to be paid and to sue for and recover the tame ac-
cordingly : Provided, That when the United Mates is the
purchaser under such prior contract, the certificate of the
proper officer of the Department, by winch the contract
was. made, showing, according to regulations to be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, the articles so
purchased bv the United States and liable to such subse-
quent dutv. shall be taken and received, o far as the same
is applicable, in discbarge of such subsequentdiiUes on ar-
ticles «o contracted to be delivered to the United States,
and actually delivered according to such contract.
This is the substance of the section before pro-
posed and modified by the gentleman from Mas-
, sachusetts, and which was subsequently reserved
' for redraft. It iias been somewhat modified.
