Til! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
'Mr.-JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Iowa whether it would be proper
to mo'dify thisamendmerrtso as to relieve parties
-who have contracted to carry the United States
mad from this tax? That is the proposition i
made the other day.
' 'Mr. KASSON. There is nn special tax on
sftari contractors. This refers-to articles of man-
ufacture.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsylvania. I nm aware
of that; but the equity would apply to those who
in March last contracted to carry the United States
mails for four years. This bill, as it now stands,
4axes them upon their contracts. In other words,
it deducts a portion of the compensation the Gov-
ernment contracted to pay.
Mr, KASSON. There is no tax upon the con-
tracts. They are only taxed upon their incomes,
like all other parties.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking: out that portion which author-
izes the vender to commence action against the
vendee to recover taxes w'hich this bill assesses.
Mr. KASSON. I will say to the gentleman
that it only applies to articles contracted for be-
fore the passage of the law. It does not apply
to contracts made subsequent to its passage.
Mr. GANSON. As 1 understand this amend-
ment, while you tax the vender, he is authorized
jo recover the tax from the vendee, and to insti-
tute action against him for that purpose. Now,
J do not know what authority this Congress has
to authorize one individual to sue another for the
purpose of collecting a United States tax.
Mr. KASSON. I reply to the gentleman from
New York, that under the existing law the same
tax is imposed upon the purchaser, to be recov-
ered from him. WhaJ, we now propose is to
require the manufacturer to pay the entire tax.
Under the present law, the manufacturer pays a
part, and the vendee a part, making it necessary
to collect the tax from two parties. We simply
propose now that the same parties shall in effect
pny the same tax, but the manufacturer shall pay
it to the Government. That system is adopted
in England. The tax is there collected from the
manufacturer. But the right is conferred on htm
t  recover itngain from the purchaser. The sys-
tc m work* well there, and there is no reason at
all 'hat I perceive why we should not adopt the
same simple system. There is no limitation at
all hi (he Constitution which can prevent us from
conferring this authority upon the manufacturer
to recover back the tax so collected of him. It is
in the nature of the well-known action at com-
mon law to recover back money paid and ex-
pended for the use of another. When the exist-
ing law first went into operation, the gentleman
from Massachusetts, then at the head of the In-
ternal Revenue department, [Mr. Boptwell,]
so construed it as to require precisely what my
amendment provides for, butinasmuch as the law
expressly said the tax should be paid by the pur-
chaser, it was decided afterwards that it must be
collected directly from him. I think my amend-
ment is right, and hope it will be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York insist on his amendment to the amend-
ment?
Mr. GANSON. I do.
Mr. KASSON. The gentlemanamendment
would change the whole character of the section.
Mr. GANSON. That is my purpose.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bili on page 139.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. There was an amend-
ment on pago 137 which had been offered to the
hill, and which was passed over informally with
the section. A motion was made by some gen-
tleman on the other side to amend section ninety-
seven, in the thirty-eighth line, by inserting after
the word " securities" the words " the same not
being bona fide his own property;" so as to make
the provision of the section read as follows:
Provided, That any person, firm, or company, not being
licensed a btoker, who s-ha.il sell or offer to &elt any
gold and silver bullion, sterling exchange, uiieurreut money,
promissory notes, ,"stocks. bond*, or other securities, the
same not being bona file bis own property, shall bo liable,
in addition to ail other penalties provided in snob en < «•*, to
pay fifty per cent, in addition to the foregoing dune* and
rates of dutj.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman states cor-
rectly.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will then be
on the amendment just stated by the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust that amendment will
not he adopted. Ail these brokers buy gold on
their own account, and this proviso, if so amended,
would prevent our gettingany revenue at all from
them.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I then move to amend my
amendment by striking out the entire proviso,
and I will briefly give my reason* for it. It will
be perceived by this proviso that any person sell-
ing or negotiating gold and silver bullion, sterling
exchange, uncurrent money, stocks, promissory
notes, &c., is liable to pay a fine unless he takes
out a license as a broker. Now, sir, I will sim-
ply state, and gentlemen in the West will appre-
ciate my reason, that I think this proviso ought
to be stricken out. The principal part of our
currency is in the notes of State banks. It is ex-
pected that these national banks will drive them
out of existence. It is believed that a great por-
tion of them will not be able to pay the tax you
impost; upon their circulation. What is the mer-
chant to do when he takes this money and it de-
preciates in his hands? Under this bill he will
not be allowed to sell it. He cannot sell it unless
he takes out a license as a broker. It will be
unjust. 4 It will operate as a hardship in the North-
west, where the greater number of notes in cir-
culation may be deemed uncurrent, for hardly one
of them is above par.
And there is another thing. In ordinary trans-
actions in the West promissory notes given from
A to B are not unfrequcntly passed over to C to
pay indebtedness in lieu of money. I ask whether
it would not be a hardship where a man passes a
promissory note in that way to subject him to the
penaltres under this lav/?
If the purpose be only to affect men who are
engaged in the business of seilinguncurrent money
and notes, then let the bill so provide; let the
penalty be provided, and let it fail upon that class
alone. But as it now stands, upon the man who
in the ordinary transaction of business sells his
own uncuircnt money or disposes of promissory
note.*, not f<«r third parties but for himself, it
seems to me that it will work a great hardship.
I withdraw my amendment to strike out the
proviso, and i hope the committee will adopt
some amendment to it.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not pretend that the
proviso may not be amended so as to reach the
object of the gentleman from Illinois. But I hope
that the committee will not strike out the proviso.
Its purpose is to reach the vast horde of money
gamblers in New York and elsewhere who are
dealing in gold upon the streets, outside of broker
shops. It falls upon the dealers who have no
brokers' license ynd compels them to pay five per
cent, more than the lobular brokers.
Mr. J. G. ALLEN. It will give these men
the monopoly of selling gold and uncurrent notes
in the market. It is provided that—
Any pet^on, firm, or company, not being licensed as a
broker, who shall &e!l or ofn-r to sell any gold and silver
bullion, sterling exchange, uneunent money, promissory
nolo-;, stocks, bond1-, or olhei tec-unties, shall be liable, in
addition to all other penalties provided in such case?, to
paj llliy p'T cent, in addition to the loregoiug duties and
iat<^ of duly.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that it ought to be
amended.
Mr KASSON. 1 move to insert after the
word "securities" t'u: woids "not bona fide at
tin time his own prof-ert v."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. That will do.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Isuggest
this amendment: " that they shall be liable to pay
such tax as is herein provided for." [ under-
stand that tiiis biil is for the purpose ot' raising
revenue. If you allow these men to sell these
things, each for himself, without a tax, they never
will employ a broker.
Mr. KASSON. I will modify my amendment.
I move to insert after the word " securities" the
words " not bena fide at the time his own prop-
erty, and actually on hand."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California, I
move to insert
the words " except gniit nnii silver sold by mi-
ner* the product of iheir own mines."
Mr. liASS'JiM. Ti.st is already iiicluckd.
Mr. COLE, of California. Then I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to strike out the
whole proviso.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 perceive that we shall not
beabletoget through with the bill to-night. There
are three or four other important matters yet to
be considered. I suggest, therefore, that by unan-
imous consent we pass over this until to-morrow.
Mr. PRICE. 1 object.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 will state the reason why
I propose to strike out the proviso. Turn to page
83 and you will find the definition of a broker:
8. Brokers using or employing a capital not exceeding
the sum of $50,000 shall pay fifty dollars for each license.
Every person, firm, or company, except such as hold a li-
cense as a banker, whose business it is, to purchase 01 sell
stocks, exchange, bullion, coined money, bank notes, prom-
issory notes, or other securities for others, and shall make
oath or affirmation, according to the form to be piescnbed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that all their
transactions are made for a commission, shall be regarded
as a broker under this act: Provided, That any person hold-
ing a license as a banker shall not be requued to take out
a license as a broker.
You will remember that the committee inserted
the v/ord " themselves" before " others." Any
man whose business it is to do these things is a.
broker. We have a general provision that a man
who does a business without a license for which
a license is required shall be subject to a penalty
of three times the license.
Therefore if any person assumes to do, as a
matter of business, without a license any of those
acts which constitute a broker, he is liable to a
penalty of three times the amount of the license.
Now, whether it is a business is a matter of fact,
and no legislation can determine whether the doing
of a particular thing is a matter of business or not,
because that depends upon a great many circum-
stances. Now if an individual does for himself
without a license, as a matter of business, any of
these acts for which a license is required, he is
liable to the penalty; but if he does it for himself
not as a matter of business, that is merely an in-
cident to that which is his business, and therefore
he would not be liable as a broker.
And so I say of a miner. His business is min-
ing. If he take gold and silver from the earth and
sells it, his business is mining, and he would not
be liable as a matter of fact. But to undertake
to define by legislation what constitutes a busi-
ness, seems to me is to attempt an impossibility.
It is a matter of fact whether when a man goes
into the maiket and offers gold for sale he does
it as a matter of business or something else.
Mr. MORRILL. We know, as'a matter of
fact, that a large number of persons pursue this
business who are not brokers.
The amendment was.not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. The next section reserved
was that in reference to slaughtered animals. After
consultation with the gentleman from California,
I propose the following amendment to come in
immediately after the proviso adopted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole, page 139, line sixteen:
All cattle slaughtered for the hides and tallow shall pay
ten cents only per head; and all sheep slaughtered for the
pelts shall pay two cents only per head.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANNON. I move to amend section
one hundred and one, relating to railroads, steam-
boats, ferry-boats, and bridges, by inserting in
line twenty-two before the word ''bridge" the
words "toll road and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHANNON. I move to insert before the
word "bridge,"line twenty-four, the words" road
or."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SHANNON. I move to amend by insert-
ing, in line thirty-four, after the word " ferry-
boat," the words i( toll road."
Mr. KASSON. I will state to the gentleman
that this part of the section has been stricken out.
Mr. SHANNON. I was not aware of that fact.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN, Although a portion of sec-
tion one hundred and one, relating to railroads,
&c., has been stricken out, the proviso still re-
mains. I move to amend by striking out ail after
the word "provided," in line sixty-seven, and
inserting the following;
That whenever anyraihoad company shall demand or
receive a rate of fare for passengers over and above three
cents per mile for each nnle that any passenger may be
