1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
with the amount of business that is before us we
cannot even do justice instantly to any set of
men. Time is necessarily required for the con-
sideration of the measures presented to us.
I rose to make these explanations in order that
the people may understand precisely the attitude
of the question, and precisely the feeling that has
existed in regard to it from the beginning.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the indulgence
of the Senate fov one moment, I will make a brief
reply to the Senator from Maine. There is much
that he has said to-day which has my concur-
rence; but there are some things that he has said
in which 1 cannot concur. 1 do not know that
the Senator remembers what fell from me in this
discussion on a former occasion; but I think the
Senate will bear witness that the very first words
I uttered were to this effect: that there was a dif-
ference between cases under the bill; in short, that
there were two classes of cases, one where the
enlistments were made obviously for the pay of
ten dollars a month, and another class where the
enlistments were obviously made, whether right-
fully or wrongfully I did not undertake to say,
for the pay of thirteert dollars a month.
I called particular attention to those two classes
of cases. I objected to any undertaking in agen-
eral bill to provide for the first class. 1 saw with
the Senator what a draft it would be upon the
Treasury, and I think I alluded particularly to
the enlistments on a large scale made in Tennes-
see and generally at the Southwest; but I added
that there were other enlistments in Massachu-
setts, there are some perhaps in Pennsylvania,
certainly some in South Carolina, and I have un-
derstood since that there were at least two regi-
ments in Louisiana, constituting a class by them-
selves, where the soldiers were led to believe,
whether rightfully or wrongfully, that they en-
tered into the service of the United States under
the statute of 1861 for the pay of thirteen dollars
a month.
I did then, sir, venture to submit that it was
not becoming in the Government of the United
States to keep those soldiers thus enlisted with
that understanding and under that expectation,
waiting for their pay. I did not think it looked
well. I did not think it was just, therefore 1 in-
sisted earnestly that it was the duty of the Sen-
ate to take the first occasion to remove that in-
justice; and therefore I was naturally grateful to
my colleague that on this general bill he had en-
deavored to meet at least this class of cases, which
it was unpardonable to neglect.
But in order to relieve the bill of all question,
to put aside the difficulties alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Maine, I brought forward an amend-
ment to the effect that all soldiers who atthe time
of their enlistment were led to suppose that they
were enlisted under the statute of 1861 should
receive the pay of thirteen dollars a month. This
proposition was discussed at some length, I think
during two different days, and finally, on a divis-
ion, it was lost. I then renewed the proposition
in still a different form, to the effect that when the
enlistment papers showed that the soldiers came
into the service under the statute of 1861 they
should be paid what was promised them by that
statute. This,again, was lost, and I believe both
of those propositions were opposed by the Sena-
tor from Maine. Though different slightly in
form, they were alike in substance, and were in-
tended to provide for the same class of cases.
The Secretary of War was to be satisfied that
these soldiers were " led to suppose" that they
were enlisted under the statute of 1861. Even if
this language seemed general, it found its limita-
tion in the reference to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of War.
Now, sir, I do not wish to go into any old
discussion, to fight old battles over again; but the
Senator from Elaine, merely by allusion, or pa-
renthetically, if I may so say, has revived that
discussion. He has referred to what I said on
that occasion. I did say, and I have repeated it
since, that, in my opinion, the United States were
legally bound to pay the full sum of thirteen dol-
lars to the soldiers referred to in those two different
amendments. I went into an examination of the
statutes. 1 listened also to the reply of the Sen-
ator on that occasion. Whathcsaid, though apt,
like all that he says in any discussion into which
he enters, did not seem to me to answer the ar-
gument. 1 have now the statute befoie me, and
I shall refer to it once more, simply because the
Senator has to-day introduced it into the discus-
sion.
The soldiers to whom reference was made en-
tered into the service under an order from the
War Department dated January 26, 1863, which
I shall read in part:
" Ordered, That Governor Andrew of Massachusetts is
authorized, until further orders, to raise such, numbers of vol-
unteer companies of artillery for duty in the forts of Massa-
chusetts and elsewhere, and such corps of infantry for the
volunteer military service, as he may find convenient, such,
volunteers to bo enlisted for three years or until sooner dis-
charged, and may include f>ersons of African descent organ-
ized into separate corps."
These are the words under which these enlist-
ments were made. The soldiers were to be "vol-
unteer companies" " enlisted for three years or
until sooner discharged;" and then it is added,
"including persons of African descent organized
into separate corps." Where do you find any
distinction between the order to raise the volun-
teer corps and to raise the persons cf African de-
scent organized into separate corps? The author-
ity is in the same order; it is in the same sentence.
The two are treated together. They go side'by
side in the order of the Secretary. You have to
step outside of the order of the Secretary in order
to find anything to sustain the conclusion of the
Senator. He does step outside of the order of the
Secretary, and in a certain section of the statute of
July 17, 1862, he thinks that he finds a limitation
of their pay to ten dollars a month. If in the or-
der of the Secretary there had been any allusion
to that statute, if the pay of ten dollars a month
had been specified, then the Senator from Maine
would clearly be right; but there was no allusion
to this statute, nor was there any specification of
ten dollars a month. You are therefore left free
under the general statutes of the country and the
law of the land to see what pay these enlisted
men are justly entitled to when enlisted as volun-
teers in the service of the United States under an
order calling for enlistments in the volunteer ser-
vice and containing no single word of limitation
or exclusion, and nothing by which one portion
of the order can be referred to one statute and
another portion to another statute.
Now, if we go to the general statutes of the
country regulating military service, we shall find
that they recognize no distinction of color; that
there is nothing about black or white in any stat-
ute that concerns the Army or the Navy or the
volunteer service. If you wish to find that dis-
tinction, you must go to the statutes regulating
the militia; but in those concerning the military,
naval, and volunteer service it cannot be found.
Therefore there was nothing in any previous legis-
lation rendering the organization of colored vol-
unteers in connection with white volunteers, and
on the same footing, in any respect illegal. If
there had been anything in the entire statutes
rendering such an organization in any respect ille-
gal, then again the Senator from Maine might be
right in his stern conclusion; but in the absence
ofany such prohibition in any former legislation,
I submit that he is wrong. There can be no doubt
of it.
But this is not all. The very statute to which
the Senator from Maine refers, and on which, as
I understand,he founds his conclusion,expressly
says in section twelve as follows:
" Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That thePiesident be, and he
is hereby, authorized to rcceive into the service of the Uni-
ted Stato, for the purpose of constructing intrenchments,
or performing camp seivjce, or any oiliei labor, or any mil-
itary or naval service for which they may he found compe-
tent, persons of African descent; and suchpersons shall be
enrolled and organized under such regulations, not inconsist-
ent with the Constitution and laws, as the President may
J>re$cribc.'',
Mark those words, if you please: "Such
persons shall be enrolled and organized under
such regulations, not inconsistent with the Consti-
tution and laws,as the President may prescribe."
I have already shown that there is nothing in any
law of the land inconsistent with the oiganization
of colored persons as volunteers in the Army of
the United States; and this brings me again to
the order of the Secretary under which the organ-
ization was made. By that order in express
terms they were uenrolled and organized" as vol-
unteers in the volunteer service of the United
States. The very words of the statute already
quoted by the Senator from Maine were then and
there executed by the President. He undertook
to soy how these soldiers of African descent should
be " enrolled and organized;" and he ordered
that they should be " enrolled and organized," in.
connection with volunteer companies of artillery
and corps of infantry, for the volunteer military
service, as volunteers. Thus by the very terms
of the order of the Department of War were these
soldiers of African descentenrolled and organized
as volunteers in the military service of the United
States, to receive the pay of thirteen dollars per
month; or, in other words, on an equal footing
with their white associates in the same order.
But now, sir, it is objected that the case should
be treated by itself; that we should not undertake
to provide for it on this general bill. I cannot
assent to any such suggestion. I am too familiar
with the legislation of the country and with the
course of business both in the Senate and in the
other House not to know that it is the daily prac-
tice to ingraft measures which very often are not
even germane upon some pending proposition,
and especially to ingraft measures of special rem-
edy when they are clearly germane to the original
proposition. This is of every-day occurrence.
The remedy which we propose upon this bill is
germane to the original proposition. It is in-
trinsically just. It is wrong that it should be any
longer postponed. Now is the opportunity of
providing for it. Here is a bill relating to the
general subject. It only remains that we should
take care while providing for the general subject
that this special grievance is relieved also. Fail-
ing in this, our duty will be but half done.
I fear, sir, that the objection that this is out of
place may find some favor with certain persons
who will find this proposition always outof place.
For myself, such is its intrinsic justice that I can
hardly imagine any bill on which according to the
usage of the Senate it could be out of place. I
hope therefore that my colleague will persevere
in keeping it in its place on the original bill, and
thus secure a tardy justice to those soldiers who,
as it seems to me, have such painful occasion to
complain of the treatment they have received.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has a fashion of deciding
rather ex cathedra, it strikes me, upon what is
just and what is unjust, and rather a fashion to
leave us to infer that he thinks everybody who
differs from him in opinion is disposed to do in-
justice. I will not quarrel with him about his
! style in reference to that matter. Every man has
his own fashion of presenting his own ideas, but
I address myself simply to his question of law,
on which I wish to say a very few words.
T^e Senator is a very well read lawyer, as I
have had occasion to know, and he must be aware
that there is a simple rule of construction appli-
cable to all statutes; and that is, that the last one
which is passed necessarily repeals all preceding
legislation that is inconsistent with it to the ex-
tent of that inconsistency. There might have
been a dozen statutes before we passed the statute
of July, 1862, on this subject; and yet, if there
was a specific provision "in that defining; what
should be done in a given case, whether it said
anything about what preceded it or not, it re-
pealed that which preceded it which was incon-
sistent with it. The Senator, I apprehend, will
accede to the correctness of that proposition.
In 1862 we passed a law pioviding substantially
and in so many words, that persons of African
descent might be enrolled into regiments by them-
selves and mustered into the service of the United
States, and that such persons should receive the
pay of ten dollars a month, specifically. 1 say
that repealed everything preceding which was in-
consistent with it, so far as referred to that partic-
ular class which was thusdesignated. No other
construction consistent with the general rules of
construction on such subjects can be made.
Now, the Senator says that under the older is-
sued by the Secretary of War to Governor An-
drew he made no distinction. Sir, he was bound
to make none. He says you may enlist volunteer
regiments of infantry and artillery, and you may
eniistcolored regiments of volunteers ifyouplease.
Must he not have presumed that Governor An-
drew, the chief magistrate of the Commonwealth
ofMassachusetts,and an eminent legal gentleman,
too, must know the law, and know that if he en-
listed white men they would receive the pay pio-
vided for white men, and that if he enlisted eolored
; regiments they would receive the pay provided for
i euloied regiments* Was he bound to sit down
