1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
of certain public works heretofore commenced
under the authority of law, reported adversely
thereon, on the ground that it was inexpedient at
the present time to make so large an appropria-
tion as the bill proposes.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a report of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating:, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 10th
of March, copies of papers on file in that Depart-
ment relating to the treaty with the Kickapoo In-
dians, concluded June 28, 1862, and the action
taken by that Department to carry the treaty into
effect, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
ItliSCINDING OF A PRINTING ORDER.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion that will save $1,000 by preventing useless
printing:
ResoUcd, That the resolution passed by the Senate on
the 2lst instant to pimt five hundn'd additional copies of
the report ol the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
the accounts of the superintendent of Indian aflaiis, &.e.,
be rescinded.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE 1IOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (No. 69) for the paymentof volunteers
called out for not less than one hundred days; in
which it requested the concurrence of theSenate.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Son-
ate (No. 56) to increase the compensation of in-
spector of customs m certain ports, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following emailed bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 181) in reference to donation
claims in Oregon and Washington; and
A bill (H. R. No. 367) to provide for the col-
lection of hospital dueslrom vesselsof the United
States sold or transferred in foreign ports or
waters.
NAVAL COAL-HE AVE liS AND FIREMEN.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 236. It
is a bill that will take no time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
236) to provide foi giantmg an honorable dis-
charge to coal-heavers and firemen in the naval
service was read a second time, and considered
as in ComJmittee of the Whole. It provides that
honorable dischaiges may be granted to coal-
heavers and firemen in the naval service of the
United States hi the same mariner and subject to
the same conditions as such discharges are now
granted to seamen, ordinary seamen, landsmen,
and boys.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NAVY-YARD CLERKS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the joint resolution
(S. No. 44) for the relief of clerks at the Kit-
tery and Philadelphia navy-yards was read a sec-
ond tune, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. In the settlementof the accounts of the
Kutery and Philadelphia navy-yards, itauthorizes
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
allow such sums as have been already appropn-
ated by Congress for the pay of clerks at those
yaids from October, 1857, to July, 1859.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. If there is a report accom-
panying this joint resolution I should like to have
it read, or to hear some explanation of it.
Mr. HALE. There was a petition accompany-
ing the joint resolution that set forth all the facts,
and the Committee on Naval Affairs, when they
leported the resolution, recommended that it be
printed in lieu of making a report. Thatpetition
gtates ail the facts; but 1 cjm explain the matter
to the Senate in a moment. In 3857and 1858the
bureau recommended a small increase of the sal-
aries of these clerks, and it was appropriated for
and paid; but theaccountingofficersof theTreas-
ury found that there was no law for it, notwith-
standing there was an appropriation, and they
checked it and refused to allow it. Since that
time the salary has been increased by law, and it
has been paid ever since. It was paid during
those two years, but under an appropriation
without any specific law authorizing it. Those
are the facts. They are all set out in the petition
which the committee asked to have printed in lieu
of making a report.
The joint resolution was passed.
CLASSIFICATION OF PAYMASTER'S CLERKS.
Mr. HALE. There is another bill reported
fiom the Committee on Naval Affairs which I
wish to have taken up and acted upon aX this time.
It is House bill No. 300. I will make a short
explanation of it after it has been taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 300) for the classification of
the clerks to paymasters in the Navy, and grad-
uating their pay, which was reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs with an amendment,
to stiike out all of the original bill after theenact-
ing clause in the following words:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and lie is hereby, au-.
thouzed to divide the clerks of the paymaster into four
classes or divisions, and to giaduate and fix the pay of said
classes in pioportiou to their respective dunes and respons-
ibilities, mid to dispense with the eerviees of eleiks in the
small vusscN: Provided, That the aggregate amount of the
annual compensation of said cleiks ol all classes shall not
exceed the aiiin paid to said eleiks on the 1st day ot Jan-„
u;iry, A. 1). I8b4, foi the same number of vessels and sta-
tion^.
And to insert m lieu thereof:
That the annual pay ot clerks to pa) masters in the Navy
shall be as follows, namely:
Clerks to po\ni.ihter& at the Boston, New York, Wash-
ington, and Philadelphia stations, $1,200.
At othci stations, $1,000.
Cleiks to uupcctors in charge of provisions and clothing
at l3o>ton,Ne\v York, and Philadelphia, $1,200.
At other inspections, $1,000.
C'leiks to paymasters in receiving ships at Boston and
New York, $1,200. . ^ ^
In other receiving s-hip*, and in vessels of the first rate,
and at the Naval Academy. $1,000.
Clciks to fleet paymasteis aud to paymasters of vessels
ol the second iatc. $'800. _
Clerks to paymaster* of vessels of the third rate, having
complements ot more than one hundred and seventy-five
persons, and to paymasters of supply steamers and stoic
vessels, $-700: Prodded, That no paymaster or assistant
paymaster shall be allowed a clerk m a vessel having the
complement of one hundred and seventy five persons or
less, excepting in supply steameis and ptote vessels:
provide! jurther, That nothirigin this Act shall be construed
to alter the pay now allowed by law to the paymaster's clerk
at Mare Wand.
Mr. HALE. I wish to explain that amend-
ment to tlie Senate. A bill was before the Senate
during this session raising the payof these clerks,
and the Senate voted it down. The Secretary of
the Navy and the chief of the Bureau of Pro-
visions and Clothing have sent this bill to us as
a substitute for that one. This bill proposes to
raise the pay of some of these cleiks and to dis-
pense with the clerks on vessels which have a
complement of less than one hundred and seventy-
five men, because the chief of the bureau thinks
that a paymaster with a vessel having not over
one hundred and seventy-five men can get along
better without a clerk than a paymaster on one
of the large receiving ships. Therefore the pay-
master of every vessel having a complement of
less than one hundred and seventy-five men is
compelled under this bill to get along without a
clerk. The aggregate amount paid to these clerks
is not increased by this bill, but is a few hundred
dollars less than what is now paid by law; but it
is differently distributed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
thiid time. It was read the third time, and passed.
VIRGINIA JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. 1 ask the Senate to post-
pone all prior orders for the purpose of taking up
I Seriate bill No. 256.
i The motion was agreed to; and the bill (o.No.
i 256) to change and define the boundaries of the
i eastern and western judicial districts of Virginia,
and to alter the names of said districts, and for
other purposes, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the jurisdiction of the western dis-
trict of Virginia shall hereafter be coextensive
with and confined to the limits of the State of
West. Virginia, and shall be called the district of
WestVirginia; and the jurisdiction of the eastern
district of Virginia shall hereafter be coextensive
with the limits and include the whole of the State
of Virginia, and shall be called the district of Vir-
ginia. The judge of the district of West Virginia
is to annually hold six sessions, as follows: at
Clarksburg, on the 24th of March and August; at
Wheeling, on the 6th of April and September;
and at Charleston, on the 19th of April and Sep-
tember. The judge of the district of Virginia,
in addition to the sessions heretofore held by him
as judge of the eastern district of Virginia, is to
hold sessions at the times and places within the
district of Virginia when and where sessions were
lu-ld prior to the passage of this act by the judge
of the western district of Virginia.
All the records and files of the courts of the
western district of Virginia, hitherto held within
the limits of the district of Virginia, as prescribed
and fixed in the first seciion of this act, are to re-
main and be kept in the district of Virginia; and all
records and files of the courts of the western district
of Virginia, hitherto held within the limits of the
district of West Virginia, as prescribed and fixed
by the first section of this act, are to remain and be
kept in the district of West Virginia. All writs,
suits, pleas, recognizances, indictments, and all
other process, civil or criminal, issued, sued out,
commenced, or pending, of which, if this act had
never been passed, the judge of the western district
would have had jurisdiction within the limits of the
district of Virginia, as defined by this act, are to
be returned, entered, and have day before, ari® be
heard and determined by, the judge of the district
of Virginia, in the same manner, and with the
same validity and effect, as they should have been
returned, entered, heard, and determined by the
judge of tlie western district of Virginia, if this
act had never been passed.
All the judicial proceedings of the court of the
western district of Virginia had within the limits
of" the district of West Virginia, as fixed by the
first section of this act, since the erection of West
Virginia into a State, are declared to be as valid
and binding as if tins act had been passed contem-
poraneously with the act establishing the State of
WestVirginia, and thosejudicial proceedings had
been under and by virtue of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read the third time, and
passed.
INCREASE of import dutiks. ^
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. E. No. 67) to increase temporally the du-
ties on imports, have directed me to report it back,
with amendments. The joint resolution is short,
and the amendments can easily be understood;
and I should like to have it considered at the
present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint resolu-
tion at this time. Is there any objection? The
Chair hears none. The joint resolution is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The resolution' provides that, until the end of
sixty days from its passage, fifty per cent, of the
rates of duties and imposts now imposed by law
on all goods, wares, merchandise, and articles
imported, shall be added to the present duties and
imposts now charged on their importation; with
a proviso that printing paper, unsized, used for
books and newspapers exclusively, shall be ex-
empt from the operation of the resolution.
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line four to stnke out the word
" fifty "and to insert" thii ty-three and one third
so as to read:
That until the end of sixty days from tlie |m*ingr <>f this
resolution thirty-tliree and one tlind per cent, ol the rate;*
of duties, &.o.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know the rea-
son for that particular proportion. I do not mean
to express an y opinion eitherfor oragamat it, but
I should like to know the reason for fixing thirty-
three and one third per cent.
