874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
the House had passed a bill (No. 265) supple-
mentary to an aet entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment," approved March 3, 1863; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message furtherannouneed that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 26) re-
viving the grade of lieutenant general in the United
States Array.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannouneed that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent:
A jointresolution (S. Wo. 19) of thanks of Con-
gress to Commodore Cadwalader Ringgold, the
officers and crew of the United States ship Sabine;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 42) authorizing
payment of prize money, due to Commander
Abner Read, United States Navy, to his widow,
Constance Read;
A bill (S. No. 94) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Paymaster E. C. Doran;
A bill (H. R. No. 26) reviving the grade of
lieutenant general in the UnitedStates Army; and
A bill (H. R. No. 230) to extend the time for
the withdrawal of goods from public stores and
bonded warehouses, and forother purposes.
• INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a privi-
leged report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (II. R. No. 122) to increase the internal rev-
enue, and for other purposes. I send it to the
Secretary, and ask to have it read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the uvo Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. II. No.
J22) to increase the internal revenue, and lor other pur-
poses, having met, after full and tree eonforcnce have been
unable to agree.
JOHN SHERMAN,
DANIEL CLARK,
THOMAS A. IILNDJUCKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JL YVASHBURNE,
JOHN A. KAS80N,
JOHN L. DAWSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submitthe following res-
olution as a part of the report:
Resolved, That the Senate further insist on its amend-
ments, disagreed to by tlie House, and ask another confer-
ence ; and the conferees on the part of the Senate are in-
structed to agree to proper amendments to the amendments
of the Senate disagreed to by the llou^e, providing for a
tax ot twenty ceni< a gallon on spirits on hand.
A short explanation is necessary to show the
true position of this? question. The House of Rep-
resentatives agreed to some of the amendments of
the Senate and disagreed to others. If the Senate
should adopt the proposition of the House, it
would leave the bill in ail incongruous and most
ridiculous attitude; and yet the conferees on the
part of the Senate couldnotagree with thcHouse
unless we were willing to yield to a tax of twenty
cents upon wphits on hand. A majority of the
conferees on the part of the Senate felt themselves
precluded from agreeing to such an amendment
on the ground that the Senate had struck out the
tax on spirits on hand and the House had agreed
to that amendment, thus leaving before them no
tax on spirits on hand and no amendment which
a majority of the conferees supposed could be
amended so as to provide for taxing spirits on
hand.
Under these circumstances, finding this disa-
greement ladical, it being impossible to leconcile
the dispute between the two Houses, we have re-
ported the disagreement, with the understanding,
however, that we would ask in both Houses a
definite vote and instructions upon the question 1
of whether or not we should have a tax of twenty !
cents on the spirits on hand. If the Senate in-I
structs its conferees (as it undoubtedly can—I ;
have looked at the question, and although it is .
very rare there is no difficulty in the way; the j
Senate may instruct its conferees on any point ■
or any of its committees) to agree to a tax of s
twenty cents on spirits on hand, the parliamentary i
difficulty would be removed, and we could very !
easily, by proper amendments, carry out the
sense of the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives. If, however, Senators have made up
their minds that they will agree to no tax upon
spirits on hand, it is as well to take the vote, take
the sense of the Senate definitely upon instruc-
tions to the next conferees; otherwise there will
be a disagreement, and the bill will be lost.
I make this explanation simply to present the
question to the Senate; and I hope, therefore, that
either now or else to-morrow—it is important that
prompt action should be had upon it—the Seriate
may definitely vote upon the question of instruc-
tion, and thus take its position one way or an-
other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate is very thin
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think, myself, it
ought to be called up before to-morrow, although
it is very important to havc*the bill acted on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the bill go over, then,
until to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that it be made the
special order for one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 265) supplementary to an act entitled " An
act to provide ways and means for the support of
the Government," approved March 3, 1863, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. .
Monday, February 29, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
CALL OF STATES FOR BILLS.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the business in
order, to call the States for bills on leave to be re-
ferred to committees, and not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider.
AltMY CHAPLAINS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill to pro-
mote the efficiency of chaplains in the Army, and
to define their rank, pay, and emoluments; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
PATENT EXTENSION.
Mr. NELSON introduced a joint resolution,
accompanied by a memorial authorizing the Com-
missioner of Patents to examine, and if on such
examination it shall appear just, then to extend
the patentgranted to Francis N. Smith for a corn-
sheller, for an additional term of seven years, for
the benefit of the widow and heir of Francis N.
Smith, deceased; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
CARSON CITY BRANCH MINT.
Mr. EOUTWELL introduced a joint resolu-
tion to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
obtain thetitle toc.erfain property in Carson City,
in the Territory of Nevada, for the purpose of a
branch mint located in said place; which was read
a first and second time,and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
JULIA A. AMES.
Mr. BOUTWELL also introduced a bill for
the relief of Julia A. Ames; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
ELIZABETH P. MEANS.
Mr. BOUTWELL also introduced a bill for
the relief of Elizabeth P. Means; which was read
a first and second time,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
LIMITATION OF INDICTMENTS.
Mr. BOUTWELL also introduced a bill in
ndnhon t<> the computation of time within which
an indictment mayibe found against persons
charged with crime against the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SALARIES OF UNITED STATES JUDGES.
Mr. MOORHEAD introduced a bill to fix the
salaries of the justices of the Supreme Courtand
certain of the judges of the district courts of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to secure toper-
sons in the military or naval service of the United
States homesteads on confiscated or forfeited es-
tates in insurrectionary d istricts, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
STEAMER LADY WALTON.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the steamer Lady Walton; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
SURPLUS GOLD.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to prevent an
accumulation of surplus gold in the Treasury of
the United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
SUSPENSION OF AN ACT.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill to continue
the suspension of a part of the act entitled "An act
to provide increased revenue from imports, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, "approved August 5,1861; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
PAY TO SOLDIERS FOR EXTRA DUTY.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill to allow
non-commissioned officers and soldiers pay for
extra duty; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced n hill
extending the superintendency of the Governor of
Dakota to the Winnebago and the Sisseton and
the Wahpaton bands of the Sioux or Dakota In-
dians; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
"WAGON ROAD IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE, of California, introduced a bill
granting lands to construct a wagon road in Cal-
ifornia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
OFFICIAL COURT REPORTERS.
Mr. COLE, of California, also introduced a bill
authoiizing the United States courts in California
to appoint reporters; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
B. C. WHITING.
Mr. COLE, ofCalifornia,also introduced a joint
resolution relating to theaccoun t of B. C. Whiting;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
GRANTS OF LANDS TO KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Kansas Legislature, asking Congress
for a grant of lands to build a railroad from Fort
Leavenworth to Fort Scott, in the State of Kan-
sas; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILDER also presented concurrent res-
olutions of the Kansas Legislature, requesting
Congress to pass joint resolutions granting to the
State of Kansas certain lands for the purposes
specified in the constitution of the State of Kan-
sas; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF PAY.
Mr. ROSS submitted the following resolution,
on which ho demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That in consequence of the incieased expense
of living and ihe depireiation of the value ot the national
cunency, it is tlie opinion ol i\u< [Jou^c that the competi-
