THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGBESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiirtt-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1864.
New Series„..;$To.-1B2.
overthrown the Constitution within its borders,
and assumed the front of war, can participate in
the approaching election of President and Vice
President, by organizing an electoral college; and
in case the election of either of those great offi-
cers should devolve upon Congress, it can give a
vote affecting the result as weighty as that given
by Massachusetts, New York, or Illinois; for in
such case the vote in the Senate is per capita, and
in the House it is by States.
Therefore, sir, I repeat, the decision ofthe ques-
.tion now before us rules all the questions which
can arise upon the representation of Arkansas in
the Congress of the United States, and also the
other question of the participation of Arkansas in
the election of President and Vice President for
the term of/our years next ensuing. The im-
portance of such a subject cainnot be exaggerated.
It is important constitutionally. It is important
practically. It is important also to the peace of
the country. It ought to be discussed fully and
carefully; especially when it is considered that we
are on the eve of a presidential election which
may possibly be affected by our decision.
Mr. President, I am against the admission of
Arkansas to representation in the national Gov-
ernment at this time and under existing circum-
stances. There may be a time, and there may be
circumstances, when such representation will be
proper; but clearly at this moment it is improper,
unreasonable, and dangerous. The reasons are
obvious.
First._ The proposed representation is that of
a minority not only of the people, but even ofthe
ancientelectors ofArkansae. itis superfluous to
say that such a representation is inconsistent with
republican principles, and caa be vindicated only
by an overruling necessity. But this point be-
comes of peculiar importance when it is consid-
ered that the minority, asking representation in
the national Government, has acquiesced in rebel-
lion, and, still further, thatsome of those compos-
ing this minority have actively assisted the public
enemy. Look at the facts.
The authority and jurisdiction of the United
States were wholly overthrown and subverted in
Arkan-sas. By the action of the State Legisla-
ture and of a.convention called by this Legisla-
ture, followed by a popular vote, the State was
made de facto a member of the rebel confederacy.
However much we may deny the rightfulness or
the legality of the proceeding, there can be no
question with regard to the fact. This at least is un-
deniable, and it constitutes an essential circum-
stance in the case. As a fact it must be recognized,
whatever may be the consequences—precisely as
truth is recognized. But this unquestionable fact
was followed by a general acquiescence of the
people of Arkansas, so that this State became, in
point of fact, as in name, a rebel State, linked with
other rebel States arrayed in arms against the na-
tional Government. At last, after much bloodshed
and various vicissitudes, through the exertion of
the military power of the United States, a portion
of the territory of this State has been rescued from
rebel domination and brought within the lines of
our Army. The res twill follow, in process of time
and after further bloodshed, until eventually the
whole State will be rescued from rebel domination
and brought within the lines of our Army. Even
then we shall'be obliged to wait for the tokens of
returning loyalty also. But at the present mo-
ment the possession of the State is still contested
by opposing armies, and a minority only have sig-
nified their adhesion orre-adhesion to the national
Government. This objection, of course, may
be removed by time; but it existed in full force
at the election of the claimant, and is decisive
Upon the question before us.
Unquestionabjy, it is according to the genius
of our Government that the majority should rule.
A majority is the natural base of a republic. To
found a republic on a minouty is scarcely less
impracticable than tostanda pyramid on its apex.
Secondly. The proposed representation of Ar-
kansas in the Senate is unjust and inequitable in
its relations to the representation of other loyal
182
States; and if it be extended to representation in
the House of Representatives and in the electoral
colleges it will become still more unjust and in-
equitable. By the original'termsof union the other
States have agreed that the whole people of- Arkan-
sas shall have two Senators and also Representa-
tives according to a fixed proportion; and also
electoral votes for President and Vice President
according to the number of their Senators and Rep-
resentatives. Now it would be manifestly wrong
toward all the other loyal States, ifnota fraud upon
their rights, to assign such representation and such
privilege to a fraction of the people of Arkansas,
constituting a small minority; so that on all ques-
tions of legislation, or of treaties, or of appoint-
ments, in the discharge of legislative, diplomatic,
and executive trusts, this small minority would
wield in the Senate all the power of a loyal State,
while in the choice of President and Vice Presi-
dent it might turn the scale.
Thirdly. The military occupation of Arkansas,
and the unsettled condition of the community
there, cannot be forgotten when we are consider-
ing whether to admit the Representatives of a
newly organized civil government in that State.
Military occupation is practically inconsistent
with civil government. Even if the former does
not absolutely exclude the latter, yetit is evident
that it mustexercise a controlling influence in po-
litical affairs. It is impossible in time of war to
preserve the conditions of peace; especially in
time of civil war. Military power, when en-
gaged in subduing revolt, cannot be insensible to
political forces, it must win what itcannot over-
come. From the nature of the case, otdinary
political conditions are disturbed or subverted,
and electoral power loses its essential character,
so as to be no longer entitled to that peculiar re-
spect which it enjoys under American institu-
tions. These observations I apply solely to a
theater of war, and I insist that so applied they'
are true, just, and indisputable.
But, in point of fact, there is another and kin-
dred force which, conspires with the former to
disturb suffrage in Arkansas. I mean that which
proceeds from the incursions and other operations
of the enemy. These prevent elections in some
parts of the State, and render them partial in
others, and this unhappy condition must con-
tinue so long as war prevailsin thatregion. That
1 do not exaggerate these perils let me quote the
testimony of General Gantt, a citizen of Arkansas,
who participated in the recent election. " Thou-
sands, " says he, " when they started to the polls
in the morning felt that at nightfall, when they re-
turned, it might be toa mass of charred and smok-
ing rums and to a beggared and impoverished fam-
ily. And yet other thousands knew that the knife
of the murderous crew of Shelby, Marmaduke,
and others was whetted for their throats and
might do their execution before the polls were
reached; and ail knew that, should the tide of war
surge backward over our State, instead,of being
simply ordered outof the lines, bankruptcy, dun-
geons, chains, and an ignominious death awaited
them." This picture, which is unquestionably
authentic, while itintcrests us for the heroic suf-
ferers, testifies conclusively how incapable Arkan-
sas is at this moment to bear the burdens and dis-
charge the trusts of a State.
Fourthly. The present organization in Arkan-
sas, which seeks representation on this floor, is
without ihatlegality of origin which is required by
the American system of government. It is revo-
lutionary in its character. Nay, more, it may
ail be traced to a military order. Clearly this in-
congruity will not be tolerated, ft new civil gov-
ernment to be recognized as a State*of this Union
cannot be bom of the military power. Congress
has jurisdiction over ail those States in which
loyal governments have been overturned; and this
jurisdiction furnishes a natural, obvious, and con-
stitutional origin for the new government. With-
out it I am at a loss to see how the connecting
link of legality can be preserved between the old
and the new. This is not the first time in our
national history that Congress has stood between
the old and the new. Such is- its natural plaeo
and function. At the separation of- the colonies
from the mother country it interfered by formal
resolution to iudicate the process by which the
new governments should be constituted, although
the Tories of that day doubted the power. Ac- '
cording to this example, sustained by congenial
principles, Congress must set the new govern-
ment in motion and infuse into it that vital force
which is found in liberty regulated by law.
Fifthly. Arkansas is at this moment shutout
from commercial intercourse with the loyal States
under the proclamation of the President of 16th
August, 1861, made in pursuance of the act of
Congress of 17th July, 1861. By this proclama-
tion it is placed on the list of States in " insurrec-
tion against the United States, and all commercial
intercourse between the same and the inhabitants
thereof and the citizens of other States and other
parts of the United States is unlawful until such
insurrection shall cease or has been suppressed;"
and all goods, chattels; wares, and merchandise
coming from any of the enumerated States and
proceeding to any other State by land or water
are made liable to forfeiture'. (12 Statutes at
Large, 1262.) And yet Arkansas, which is still
under the ban of a presidential proclamation and a
congressional statute establishing non-intercourse
with other States asks representation m the na-
tional Government. Disqualified for trade with
other States, it asks to govern them. The old
practice is to be reversed. Thus far in history
trade has preceded political power; now political
power is to precede trade. Arkansas cannot send
her merchants into the loyal States to buy and
sell. Can she send her representatives into this
Qhamber to vote? Can she send her electors into
the electoral college to choose a President?
Such, Mr. President, are five distinct reasons,
obvious to the most superficial observer, against
the recognition of any representation at this time
from Arkansas; first, because the representation
is founded on a minority; secondly, because any
such representation, unjust in itself, is especially
unjust toward the loyal States; thirdly, oecause
the military occupation of Arkansas and its exposed
condition are inconsistent with civil government;
fourthly, b'ecause the present organization of Ar-
kansas is without that legality of origin which is
required by American institutions; and, fifthly,
oecause it is absurd to admit a State to represent-
ation which is still by solemn proclamation shut
out from commercial intercourse with the loyal
States.
The argument thus far applies to the present
case without touching that other question, some-
times discussed, whether, in point of fact, Arkan-
sas is still a State of thisUnion. Indeed, it is evi-
dent that Aikansas may have preserved her placa
in the Union and yet not be entitled at this moment
to representation in the national Government. She
may be a State, but in a condition of political syn-
cope or suspended animation. Or she may be
under such abnormal influences as to render her
for the time being incompetent to perform the
functions of a State.
But if Arkansas, by reason of her ordinance of
secession and her open participation in the war
against us, has ceased to be a State of the Union,
it is manifest that the Senate cannot now admit
the claimant to a seat as one of its members, nor
can it admit him at all until Congress, by a joint
vote, has restored the State to its original posi-
tion. The power to admit States into this Union,
and, by consequence, the power to readmit them,
are vested in Congress, to be exerted by joint
resolution or bill, to which the concurrence of both
Chambers and the approval of the President are
i necessary. Here 1 content myself with a state-
' ment. For the present I forbear from all consid- '■
eration of the status of the secrded States. The
argument is complete without it.
It is my desire to present this question on the
facts, and not on any theory or hypothesis. I say
nothing, therefoie, on the questions, what consti-
tutes a State government in this Union; whether
a State by a process of suicide may no* "eea,ge
