1864.
the congressional globe.
2899
According to these positive words "it rests
With Congress to decide what government is the
established one in a State." JBut Congress can
decide only through joint action.
4. The Constitution also, by a positive text,
seems to place the question beyond doubt. There
are express words, as we have already seen, de-
claring that *' the United States shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of
government.'" If these words stood alone, the
case would be clcar; but it becomes clearer still
when we revert to the other clause by which it is
provided that "the Congress'shall have power
to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper/or carrying into execution all power* vested
by this Constitution in the Government of the Uni-
ted Slates.99 Now, since theguarantee is vested in
the Government of the United States, it follows
that Congress has the power for carrying it into
execution*. In Arkansas a republican govern-
ment has been overthrown by rebellion. Con-
gress must see that such government is restored;
and to this end it has all needful power. Con-
gress, and not the President, must decide when
the restoration has taken place.
5. There is also the President's proclamation,
which, by its very terms, necessarily implies
the action of Congress in the restoration of a
State to the Union. There is first the positive
declaration that " whether members sent to Con-
gress from any State shall be admitted to seats
constitutionally rests exclusively with the re-
spective Houses, and not to any extent with the
Executive." But the language of the proclama-
tion and of the accompanying message plainly
assumes that the rebel States have lost their ori-
ginal character as States of the Union. Thus
in one place the Presidents&ys that " loyal State
governments have for a long time been subverted,99
But if subverted, they are no longer States. In
another place he proposes " to rewaugurate loyal
State governments." But a proposition to rein-
augurate implies a new start. In another place
he proposes to " reestablish a State government
which shall be republican." But we do not re-
establish a government which continues to exist.
In another place he proposes to " setup" a State
government in the mode prescribed. But what-
ever requires to be set up is evidently down. In
another place he seeks to guaranty and protect
a " revived State government." But we revive
only what is dead, or at leastfaint. There is still
another place, where the President evidently
looks to the possibility of a change of name,
boundary, subdivision, constitution,and general
code of laws in the restored State. These are
his identical words: "And it is suggested as not
improper that in constructing a loyal State gov-
ernment in q^State, the name of the State, the bound-
ary, the subdivisions, the constitution, and the
general code of laws, as before the rebellion, be
maintained." Thus the President does not in-
sist that even the name and boundary of a State
shall be preserved. He contents himself with
suggesting that it will not be " improper" to pre-
serve them "in constructing a loyal State govern-
ment." Of course this suggestion of what is not
improper implies necessarily that in his opinion
these great changes were within the discretion of
the revived community.
I have called especial attention to the language
of the President, because it constantly assumes,
in a succession of phrases, that the rebel States
are in an abnormal condition, from which they
are to be recovered or revived; and since such
restoration or revival can be consummated only
by the action of Congress, it is reasonable to in-
fer that such was his expectation. At all events,
the proclamation, by its repeated Mssumptions
with regard to the rebel States, testifies to the
necessity of congressional action.
We have already seen that Andrew Johnson
had declared the State of Tennessee "vacated"
by all local government which we were boun'd to
respect; and Arkansas was in a similar situation.
But this language obviously harmonizes with that
of the Pj esident.
Such are some of the arguments forthepower
of Congress over this question. Others might be
adduced; but I have said enough. The necessity
of the case—reason—the authority of the Su-
• preme Court—the Constitution—and the Presi-
dent's proclamation, cach and all tend to the same
conclusion, even without resorting to those war
powers which are all within the reach of Con-
greys. Butif wo glance at the latter we shall find
the power of Congress declared beyond question.
There is nothing which the President may do as
Commander-in-Chief which Congress may not
direct and govern, according to the authoritative
words of Chancellor Kent:
" Though the Constitution vests the executive power in
the Presidentanddeclaresliim Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, thesepoivers mustne-
cessarily be subordinate to the legislative power in Congress."
—Kent's Commentaries, volume 1,292, note 5. °
And these powers, vast as they may be when
called into activity by the exigency of war or re-
bellion, become as constitutional as if specified
precisely in a written text.
Mr. President, there is a saying of antiquity
which is applicable to this question: make haste
slowly. Do not fail to make haste; but let your
haste be governed by wisdom and prudence. In
making haste do not sacrifice all safeguards for
the future. In your haste to welcome Senators
from rebel States do not forget everything else;
do not forget the principles of republican institu-
tions, which are offended by th&rule of a minority;
do not forget the principles of justice among the
States, which will be shocked by the recognition
of a fraction of a rebel State to an equality of
power with loyal States; do not forget the dis-
turbed condition of the rebel States, rendering the
civil authorities subordinate to the military; do
not forget the necessity of a connecting link of
legality between the old and the new; do not for-
get that commercial intercourse mustberestored,
and every ban of proclamation or statute must
be removed before representation can beallowed;
and still further, do not forget that the rebel States
by thfeir own acts, sustained by bloody war, have
voluntarily placed themselves outside the pale of
political association, until Congress shall recog-
nize them again as entitled to their original equal-
ity; and, above all, do not forget that there can be
no recognition ofa rebel State until its permanent
tranquillity has been assured by irreversible guar-
antees which no local power can disturb. Keep
these things in mind; and then make haste.
Of course when within the confines of a State
the rebellion is triumphantly subdued, and the
great body of the people testifies an unmistaka-
ble loyalty; when local elections can be held ac-
cording to the ordinary municipal forms; when
the laws and not arms prevail; and when a gov-
ernment, republican in fact as in name, making
slavery forever impossible, has been permanently
established, then will Congress, by pioper legis-
lative action, rejoice to welcome the newly consti-
tuted State to its equal share in the national Gov-
ernment. But such welcome must, not be precip-
itated. It can he offered only after a most care-
ful inquiry into the actual condition of things and
the assuied conviction that the rebel State has
been newly constituted in fact, as m name. And
this ca"tion is needed not only for the good of
the Union but for the good of the newly consti-
tuted State, which must be saved from premature
responsibilities beyond the measure of its pres-
entpowers. *
Sir, it is much to be a State in full fellowship
and equality with other States represented in this
Chamber and in the other Chamber, with a voice
in the election of President and Vice President
and with a star on the national flag. To be ad-
mitted into these prerogatives and privileges a
State must be " above suspicion," and it mustbe
able to use well ail the great powers which belong-
to a S'ate. But if a State is not yet "above sus-
picion," and if it is not strong enough to stand
alone, even* against domestic disturbers, it cannot
expect immediate recognition. It must wait yet
a little longer until, restored at last in character
and in strength, it can do all the duties ofa State,
and with master hand grasp thatUJyssean bow
which pretendeis suive in vain to bend.
Mr. President, i conclude, as i began,with my
heart's gratitude to those brave citizens who
again in Arkansas have lifted the national ban-
ker. Let them not be d isheartened. Their coun-
try is witii them in all their perils and all their
efforts, longing to accept them again into ancient
fellowship and equality; but the time for this wel-
come has not yet come. Meanwhile let them
remember that
"Thi-y aNo serve who only stand and wait/'
Mr. JOHNSON, lam by no means sure,Mr«
President, that this debate is not to-be considered
as premature. The motion before the Senate is
to refer the right of the gentlemen who are here
claiming to be Senators from Arkansas to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The only gratification
1 have, if the debate so far is to be considered as
premature, is that if the reference should be made
the members of that committee will have had the
benefit on the questions which the reference may
presentof the argumentof thtfhonorable member
from Massachusetts. I put to him an inquiry
while he was delivering his speech, the aim of
which'he seemed at the time very distinctly to
discover, but the answer to which! havelistened
to him in vain to hear.
Mr. SUMNER. It came in the next sentence'.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I lost the sentence.
I am sorry for it.
Mr. SUMNER. It was because it came in the
next sentence that-I forbore to make any special
reply to the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the Senate
are already aware, if they have taken any interest
in the opinions which I have fr^m time to'time
expressed on this floor, that upon some of the
questions argued by the honorable Senator I have
the misfortune, or the good fortune, to differ with
him. I have heard him before to-day, and I have
read him before, announce as the true doctrine of
the situation in which these States are placed,
that they are out of tTic Union; that their citizens
are enemies of the citizens of the loyal States; that
the States of which they are practically the citir
zens are to be considered as States at war with
the United States, and that the result of the rela-
tion between them and the United States is such
that they and the territories which they occupy
are to be treated, the one as enemies, the other as
conquered, if our arms should be successful.
The honorable member, in support of that po-
sition, has heretofore relied and relies again, if I
■ have understood him correctly,upon the decision
of the Supreme Court in the cases known to the
profession as the prize cases. I'do not mean to
anticipate what may be the opinion that I shall
express in the Judiciary Committee, but if his in-
terpretation of that decision is a sound one—that
is to say, if, to illustrate it, theState of Tennessee
is a State in the relation of an enemy to the United
States, if the people within her limits are to be
considered the enemies of (he United States—then
it would seem to me to follow that that very in-
telligent and patnoticconvenuon by whom the re-
cent nominations, which I suppose have carried
pleasure to the honorable, member fiom Massa-
chusetts, were made, have come to the extraor-
dinary conclusion of selecting as a candidate for
the Vice Presidency an enemy of the United
States; and if the State of which he is a member
is now not a State of the United States, but a State
outside of the limit of the States which compose
the United States, they have selected an alien
enemy to represent them in the next highest of-
fice in the gift of the people, and, contingently, to
represent them in the highest.
Mi.SUMNER. The Senator evidently did not
hear what I said.
Mr.'JOHNSON. I will listen now attentively.
Mr.SUMNER, {stated that the person selected
was within the rightful jurisdiction of the United
States. My proposition was that the District of
Columbia, a Teriitory of the United Suites, and
any one ol the rebel States, are all within the right-
ful jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that. The hon-
oiable membu has always contended for that;
that is to say, the United Slates have the rightful
power to punish them al!,an.d that necessarily
assumes the existence of jurisdiction over them
all. But when the honorable member reliesupon
the doctrines which he supposes the Supreme
Court have announced 
Mr. SUMNEB. The Senator will bear in mind
that I have not alluded to-day to that decision.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; but you have before,
unless you have retracted your former views on
the question. 1 do not understand the honorable
member to have done so in his speech to-day.
If that doctrine be true, then it is impossible that
any loyal citizen oi the United States who believes
in that doctrine can vote for the candidate of the
paity to which my friend belongs for the office
of Vice President. The honorable member and
the Senate are not to understand me as holding
