878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
been no authoritative expression of opinion on
the subject. The bill I have introduced gives the
State the right to apply the proceeds of the lands
in question, being three hundred and ninety thou-
sand acres, to the education of those who shall be
made orphans by their fathers falling in the ser-
vice of the Union during the present war.
Mr. STEVENS. Does this bill donate any
new lands?
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; it merely provides
for the disposition so far as Indiana is concerned
of the lands donated by the act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from In-
diana will not press this bill to its passage now.
There is evidently some additional legislation ne-
cessary forthe location of these agricultural lands
by the several States. I hope, therefore, the gen-
tleman will refer to the proper committee some
general bill that shall provide for the location of
these lands, and such as shall apply to all the
States. 1 have no opposition to the gentleman's
scheme so far as his State is concerned, but I
think we ought to have some general legislation
on the subject, and 1 think it had better be con-
sidered at the same time.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that
reference.
The motion was agreed to.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD ACCOUNTS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion which 1 think is privileged in its character.
I ask to have it read; and if there be objection,
and the Chair decides that it.is not privileged, I
will move to suspend the rules.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the Secretary of War \v;is, on the Oth day of
January, 1861, directed by resolution to inform this Ilou-<e
what amount ot payment had been made, if any, to the
Illinois Central Railroad Company and certain other rail-
road companies for the transportation of upiopeity and
troops" of the United States, and the amount still claimed
by such companies from the United States lor such tians-
portatum; and wherea* the infoimation so required has not
been furnished* Theieforc,
Resolved, That the Seci clary of War be directed to in-
fo im the House why the information requited by said res-
olution has not been furnished to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to introduce the resolution under the call of
States.
Mr. STEVENS. That resolution calls for
information from one of the Departments, and
should lie over for one day.
The SPEAKER. It refers to a previous call
for information, and does not, in the opinion of
the Chair, come under the rule referred to by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. It calls for information from
a Department.
The SPEAKER. It, however, calls for no in-
formation not included in the resolution to which
it refers. The Chair decides that an objection
would not carry it over one day.
Mr. HOLMAN. I merely desire to say that
this information was called for some two months
ago. It  js of a character which certainly could
have been furnished m a shorter time than has
already elapsed. I wili state further that my ob-
ject in calling for the information was to have
legislative action upon it when obtained from the
Secretary of War.
Mr. STEVENS, i dare say the Secretary, as
soon as he is able, in the multiplicity of his busi-
ness, will communicate this information. I hope
the gentleman will wait a little longer. If lie
does not withdraw it 1 move that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr, HOLMAN. llather than that disposition
shall be made of the resolution I withdiaw it, giv-
ing notice that I will oiler it again.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 42)
authorizing payment of piize money, due to Com-
mander Abner Read, United States Navy, to his
widow, Constance Read; when the Speaker signed
the same.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. DUMONT introduced a bill to extend the
time forthe acceptance of the act entitled "Ail
act donating public lands to the several States find
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2, 1862, and to amend said act;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Agriculture.
TREASURY REGULATIONS, ETC.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be instructed to inquire into and report upon the practical
operation and result of the several acts of Congress touch-
ing commercial intercourse with the States declared to be
in insurrection against tlie authority of the Government,
and of the regulations of the Treasury Depaitment, estab-
lished by the Secretary and approved by the President on
the 31st day of March and the 11th day of September, 1863,
and of the mihtaiy orders which have been made fiom lime
to tune touching such commercial intercourse by generals
commanding departments or other officers; also, to ascer-
tain and report in what manner said acts, regulations, and
orders have been executed, and especially whether any
frauds iiave been committed or favoiitism to individuals or
localities shown by the officers or agents of the Govern-
ment employed under the said acts, regulations, or orders;
and to inquiie into all other matters touching any of the
points which affect the public interest or the character of
any public servant.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. How does that reso-
lution again get in here?
The SPEAKER. It comes in under the reg-
ular call of the States for resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JBLAIR, of Missouri. I demand the yeas
and nays. 1 want to see how many there are in
this House who wish to whitewash Mr. Chase.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Andeison, Arnold,
John D. Baldwin,Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boulwell,
Boyd, William G. Biovvu, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb,Cole,
Cieswell, Homy Winter Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eekley, Eliot, Fainswoi th, G.nfield, Ci m-
jK-ll, Hale, Higby, iloiiii.in, Iloopei, IIotchki>s, As.ihcl W.
liubbcud. John ii. Ilubbaid, Julian, K.eIley,OilnndoKell >gij,
Loan, Lovejoy, Mclhide, MeCluig, Mcindoe, Samuel F.
Miller. Mooihead, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myeis,
Leonaid Myers, Noiton, Chatles O'Neill, Patteison, Per-
ham, Pike, Poineroy, Puce, John 11. Rice, Schenck, Seo-
liehf, Shannon, Sloan. Smith, Snutheis, Spalding, Starr,
Stehbm*, Stevens,Thayer, Up^on, Van Valkenbutgh, Elihu
11. Was-hbume, William 13. Wd&hbuin, Williams, Wilbou,
Wiiidom, and Wondbndge—15.
NAYS—Mentis. James C. Allen, Ancona, Francis P.
Blair, Bli^, Btooks, Chanler, Cox, Denruson, Eden, Et-
dudge, Fntek, Gan-on, Grider, Griswold, Hauling, Hai-
imgton, Ilernck, Ilutchms, Keinau, Kmtr, Knapp, Law,
Long, Mallory, Maiey, McDowell, William H. Millet,
Momsou, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Rad-
fuid, Ross, Scott, John 13 Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuait, Voorhees, Wadsworth, and YVinfield—43.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEACE.
Mr. LONG submitted the following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Whereas lnstoij teaches that theie never has been a civil
war that was nor settled in the end by eompioniiv, and
inasmuch a> no possible hai in can result either to ilie ehai-
aetei or dignity of the United States limn an homM effoit
to stop the elltision ol tiaternal blood, and restoie the Union
by the leturn of the States in lehelhon to their allegiance
undet the Constitution ; and wheieas the PrcMdem, with
a hill knowledgeot the lesions taught by histoid m iclation
to ail civil wars, in bis inauirmal addicts saui, "Suppose
\ou go to war, \ou cannot light ahvajs; and when, after
nine]) lo-> on both sides, and no gam on either, you cease
lighting, the identical old questions as to tonus of intei-
eourse aie again upon jou;:> and whereas we now have
an arniMice, decieetl by tne Almighty, and executed for
the pa^t two monihs by the snows and tee of vvintei, theie-
by atfouhng time anil opportunity for lejlection upon the
past three \~ears ot'homhle, relentless, and destructive civil
wai with all its calamities, and a prospective view of in-
cieased honors in the npptoachingconilicts; and wheteas
a preamble and (evolutions weie, on the 7th ot February,
instant, limoduced in the house of lepu^eutativcs of the
confedeMtecongie-sat Richmond dein ins? the statement of
the Piesidentot the United States ''thatnopiopositions for
peace had been made to the United State- bj the confed-
erate State*," and affiiimmi that such piopo-itions weie
prevented fioin being made by the President ot the United
State6*, m that he had retused to hear, or even to leceive,
two commissioneis appointed to tieat expie^&ly for peace:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Piesident be, and he is hereby
most earnestly butie^pectfuliy, requested to appoint Frank-
lin Pierce of N^w Hampshire, Millard Fillmore of New
Yoik, Thomas Ewing of Ohio, and such other persons as
the Pi evident may see pi oper to select, as commissioners on
bchalfof the United States who shall be empowered tomeet
a commission of like numberwhen appointed for the same
objecton behalf of the confederate States, atsucluimeand
place as may be agreed upon, for the puipose of ascertain-
ing before the renewal ot hostilities shall haveaeain com-
menced whether the wai shall not now cease, and the Union
he re&toied by the letuin of all the States to their alle-
giance and their rights under the Constitution.
Mr. DAWES. Is it in order to move to insert
Vallandigham instead of Fillmore?
Mr. ASHLEY. Or to add the name of James
Buchanan ?
The SPEAKER. Not while the previous ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 22, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Brooks, Cof-
fioth, Dennjson, Eden, Eldridge, Fmck, ICnapp, Long,
McDowell, William H. Miller, Morrison, John O'Neill,
Pendleton,Samuel J.Randall, Rogers, Ross, Stiles, Stiouse,
Vooihees, and Chilton A. White—22.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegce,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Cteswell, Ilenry Winter Davis, Dawes, Item-
ing, Dixon, Donnelly, Dnugs, Duinout, Eekley, Khot,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gnnnell,
Guswold, Hale, Higby, Ilolman, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, John
11. Hubbard, Hutching, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Orlando
Kellogg, Keinan, King, Loan, Lovejoy, Marvin, McBnde,
McClurg, Mcindoe, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Momll,
Dame! Morri«, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Pomeioy, Pilce, Rad-
ford,William H. Randall, John H Iliee, Schenck, Scofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Starr, Stebbins, John
B. Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van
Valkenbuigh, Wadswoith, Elibu B. Washburne, William
B. Washbmn, Whatey, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Win-
dom, Winfield, arid Woodbridge—96.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. GRINNELL. Many members have re-
fused when called to answer to their names. I
want the rule read and enforced by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read, but
there is no way by which it can be enforced. That
is a matter for the House.
Mr. GRINNELL. Then I do not want it read.
SUPPRESSION 01? TIIE REBELLION.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a resolution which
I intended to offer as asubstitute for the one just
rejected. I offer it now as an independent prop-
osition, and call for the previous question.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the piescnt war which this Government
is cairymgon against armed insurrectionists and others,
banded together under the name of "southern confeder-
acy," was bi ought on by a wicked and wholly unjustifiable
rebellion, and all those engaged in or aiding or eneoui aging
it are public enemies, and should be tieated as such.
Resolved, That this rebellion shall be effectually put
down; and that, to prevent the recurrence of such rebel-
lions in future, the causes which led to this one must be
permanently lemoved.
Resolved, That in this struggle which is going on for the
saving of om country and tiee Government, theie is no
, middle giound on which any good citizen or tiue patriot
can stand; neutrality, or indiffeienco, or anything hhort oif
a hearty support of the Government, being a crime wheie
the question is between loyalty and treason.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division of the
resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The fust resolution was agreed to.
The second resolution was then read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division of the
second resolution. The first clause of it is asep-
arate and distinct proposition.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is suscepti-
ble of division. The Clerk will report the first
clause.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved. That this rebellion shall be effectually put
down.
The first clause of the resolution was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the second clause, as fol-
lows:
And that, to prevent the recurrence of such lebellions m
future, the causes which led to this one must be perma-
nently removed.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing: to that cjause of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move to
insert alter the words " this one" the words <f ab-
olitionism and secessionism?'' [Laughter.]
Mr. KERNAN. Oh, that means the same
thins;.
