THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IS,
jiny suich doctrine. On the contrary, I hold an
opinion diivctly the opposite of it. In my view,
Tennessee is as much, in the view of the Consti-
tution, now one of the United Stales as she was be-
fore the rebellion commenced, and consequently
that the very distinguished and patriotic citizen
who has been selected by the friends of the hon-
orable member, is eligible legally to the place for
winch he has been nominated, and of course will
fee the constitutional Vice President, if the people
should sanction the selection.
But if the. honorable member's view is right, I
do not see Upon what ground he can vote for that
nominee. The laws of war, say the honorable
member and those who agree with him on that sub-
ject—and the official law adviser of the War De-
partment has published quite an elaborate and
learned treatise looking to the same end—are the
only laws which are to govern ihe United States
in their treatment of the seceded States, and what-
ever under those laws they could do as against an
alien enemy in point of fact, a foreign foe, in the
prosecution of a national war* the United States
pan do as against these enemies, who are to becon*
siderrfd, according to the view taken by the hon-
orable member, as national enemies, extra-terri-
torial enemies, and noi as citizens of the United
States committing a crime against the allegiance
6y which they aie bound and liable to the pun-
ishment which the laws may -provide for such a
erime.
1 ha've already said, Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to express more decidedly the opin-
ion I have upon that question, because, as I
suppose, the subject which is involved in the
present motion will go before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, of which I am a member, and i deem it
due to myself and due to the committee and to
the Senate that 1 should not in advance prejudge
the question which that reference may present.
The honorable member has thought proper, in
the view which 1 take of that part of Ins speech,,
to assail the course of the Piesident. I know he
attempted to qualify what unqualified would have
been an absolute assault, by construing away
(as I think the Senate will see) what the Presi-
dent has actually decided. But he has announced
doctrines in debate, and has maintained them with
a learning which he always bungs to the illus-
tration of every question which he thinks proper
to discuss; he has thought over it in his closet,
hfi has given the midnight taper to the thoughts
which he has brought before the Senate to-day;
and he has told us that the Presidentin his proc-
lamation «f amnesty has decided to a certain ex-
tent that it is in the power of the people of these
States to come back into the Union without legis-
lative sanction. How could he have decided it
if lie entertained the view taken by the honorable
member from Massachusetts? What but clear
and palpable usurpation Would it have been or
would it be in the President of the United States
to say to thepeopleofeitherof theseStates, " You
may come back and 1 wiil receive you as one of
the States of the Union?" As far as theexecutive
authority of the Government is concerned, he
announces that " if the people ofany State now in
rebellion who comply with the conditions Stated
in that proclamation shad ask to be received into
the family of the States of the Union, they-shall
be received; all the authority which I may pos-
sess necessary to consummate that end I will ex-
ercise; i wilf appoint judges, district attorneys,
and marshals." And hp has done it; hn has done
it m this very State of Arkansas. By what au-
thority has he done it?
Mr. SUMNER. The statutes of the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Sfatutes of the United States
applicable to a State of the Union?
Mr, SUMNER. The territory has not gone.
Mi. JOHNSON. Where is it?
Mr. SUiVJNER. It is in the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON. The State is?
Mr. SUMNER. The tor ritory.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not suppose the land
had gone out or seceded.
Mr. SUMNER. The territory is in the Union,
the people, the j'lriailiction. :
Mr. JOHNSON. According to the hypothe- !
sis of the honorable member, whatauthonty has |
thePiesideni of the Umted States, Congress beino- I
Ui suasion, to suy that these States shall have their j
fudges paid out of the Treasury of the United I
States, district attorneys, marshals, and all the
other officers which the Government could have
had in that State, and had in that State before she
went out, all to Ue compensated out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, provided the State of Ar-
kansas was notaStatein the Union, politically,not
territorially? I do notknow whateourse my friend
pursued when the nominations for the offices to
which I have adverted were brought here for the
advice and consent of the Senate, but they were
confirmed. I do not think the honorable mem-
ber voted against the confirmation. Of that, how-
ever, lam not'sure. If be did vote for the con-
firmation, then the President has a right to hold
him to the fact that Arkansas is in the Union un-
der his proclamation, and has a right to say to
him, "By your vote you have estopped yourself
from denying it."
But the President, as the honorable member
says, has not attempted to interfere with the ac-
tion of either branch of Congress on the same
question. Certainly not. Howcouldlie? Whether
these gentlemen are to be received as members
from Arkansas, Senators of the State, by this
body, or whether any members elected by the
people to the other House are to be received by
that House as members of that body, depends re-
spectively upon the judgment of the two bodies;
and over the judgment of the Senate and the judg-
ment of the House of Representatives, to whom
is given by the Constitution the right to decide
upon the qualifications of members, the President
has no control whatever. But that does not show
that he did not go to the entire limitof thepower
which the Constitution confers upon him as Pres-
ident, when he told the jfeople of Arkansas," One
tenth of you—I do not require more—one tenth
of you assemble in convention; and if you, one
tenth, decide, whatever the other nine tenths may
do—they may be all in rebellion, all upon the
battle-field—that the State is to return to the
Union, as far as my power is concerned, I tell you
in advance, you will be a State in the Union."
For the same reason that I said I did not propose
to express any decided opinion on the other ques-
tion to which I before alluded, I do not propose to
express any opinion upon this except to say that
before one can come to the conclusion that the
President is not right, he ought to think well of
the question.
Now, Mr. President, I know the tenacity with
which the honorable member from Massachu-
setts holds on to that opinion, which seems to
have a stronger hold on him than any other, that
slavery is a crime, and should be everywhere
upon the face of God's earth put an end to. And
lie looks to the possibility that as far as that in-
stitution is concerned, as to its existence in the
United States, it may not be brought to an end
as soon as he would have it. Doubts have been
entertained whether that can be accomplished ex-
cept by an alt'eiation of the Constitution. The
Senate have provided for that alteration; that is
to say, to leave it to the people. The other branch
of the Legislature have not, as I believe, decided
the one way or the other; and if they sanction
the resolution adopted by the Senate, it has to go
to the people; and it becomes more or less doubt-
ful whether the constitutional majoiity required
can be received in order to make that change le-
gitimate; and looking to the possible contingency
that that mode of getting clear of this, in theeyes |
of the honorable member, hateful institution may
not be entirely successful, he wants, to use an ex-
pression which he has used more than once, to
strike at it wherever he sees it. One of the ways
of striking at it is to maintain the doctune that
none of these Stutes shall be permitted to come
back except upon the condition that they first,
by their State constitution, prohibit slavery; or,
if they do not do it in words, except upon the
condition of an act of Co'ngruss, which you may
pass, providing that slavery shall never thereaf-
ter exist in the State.
lias the honorable member refreshed his recol-
lection with the debates which resulted out of
the admission of Missoui i ? Has he consulted the
debates winch from time to time since have oc-
ctined in either branch of Congress? If lie has
he will find that however upon the first occasion
doubts were entertained whether it was in the
power of Congress to annex any such condition
to a State as a condition upon which it is to be
admitted, it was soon after conceded that it svas
not in the power of Congress to annex any such
condition to the admission of a State, because
such condition .would produce inequality as be-
tween the States. He reads everything that
comes out that is worth reading, and he will par-
don me for saying he sometimes reads what is not
worth reading; and I am sure the honorable mem-
ber must have read the speech that electrified this
body, charmed an immense audience, placed his
name high upon the roll of orators, made him for
the time the observed of all observers, the speech
that Pinckney delivered on that question in this
Chamber. It is very imperfectly reported, but
the argument is there, and the argument was so
overwhelming that although the opposite view
was taken by a man of eminent ability, and pure
and spotless character, and burning patriotism,
(Rufus King was his opponent, and spoke in ad-
vance,) he yielded to its masterly power, and
stood, if I may be permitted to use what 1 have
heard from those who were spectators of the de-
bate, crest-fallen. And from that day to this, (I
speak what 1 know, Mr. President, for it has hap-
pened to be my duty particularly to examine this
question professionally,) with rare exceptions
everyjurist in either branch of Congress who has
spoken on the subject, until the last two or three
years, has admitted that whether a State is to be
received into the Union or not, one thing is cer-
tain, she can only come in as art equal; and as Mas-
sachusetts might establish slavery if she thought
proper to do so, as she once recognized it, as
she once, if there could be any enjoyment in such
an institution, enjoyed it, as some of her citizens
sold the slaves which went out to the South—as
she could now establish African slavery within her
own limits, it followed that if you prohibited it
to Arkansas or to'Tennessee, or to any other
States, they would not be on an equal footing
with Massachusetts. I trust in God the Union
is destined to l st ftireve^; but it cannot last when
once it is understood thateach State m the Union is
not the equal of every other, equal in everything,
equal not only in the power to do right but equal
in the power to do wrong; I mean morally wrong.
My friend is for blotting out all these State lines
which were so valuable to us in the past, around
which so many associations that cling round the
heart of an American are to be found; associa-
tions the result of intercourse, the result of mar-
riage, the result of blood relationship, the result
of joint glories and joint trials inthe field. He is
for blotting them all out and considering these
States merely as territory, to return to the United
States as territorial acquisitions; or, if the hon-
orable member refuses to admit that that word
properly illustrates his own view, to get them
back into the United States asTeri itories, stripped
of State power and unprotected by ihe Consti-
tution of the United States, except so far as that
Constitution deals with and protects the Territo-
ries of the United States.
Now, I have nothing to say either one way or
the other; first, because I do not know what the
facts are; secondly, because, if 1 did,it would not
bo proper in the relation in which perhaps I shall
stand to the question of the right of these gentle-
men from Aikansas to seats on this floor; but I
may be permitted to remark that there is one as-
pect in winch the question is one of transcendent,
moment. Why did the President attempt to get
back Florida? Why Louisiana? Why Arkan-
sas? Why Tennessee? Why, to the extent that
he has succeeded in getting them back according
to his view, has he filled up all the offices which
the acts of Congress provide for those several
States? To have them represented here and in
the other branch ? That would depend upon the
two branches.
But there is another forum to whose decision
the questions may be referred. A presidential
election is near at hand; electoral votes are im-
portant. As these States may be represented in
that electoral college, or as they may not be rep-
resented, some one man may be elected instead
of some oth'er. Suppose they are represented;
suppose Arkansas, Tennessee, Florida, and Ala-
bama elect electors, who is to decide the question ?-
Suppose the election of Mr. Lincoln or the elec-
tion of his opponent—I put it both ways—sup-
pose the man who receives of all the votes counted
a majority of the votes, has a majority or not a '
majority just as these electoral votes may have
been legitimately cast or not; who decides it?
