1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COX. Then I will vote for the resolution
with that understanding.
The SPEAKER. No amendment or debate is
in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ames,
Aneona, Anderson, Arnold, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Francis P. Blair, Jr., Jacob B.
Blair, Bliss, Blow, BoutweH, Boyd, Brandegee, Brooks,
Ambrose W. Claik, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Coffroth,
Cole, Cox, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Deming, Dennison, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigge, Du-
inont, Eckley, Eden, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Fmek, Frank, Ganson, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Hcrrick,
Iligby, Holman, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbaid,
John If. Hubbard, Hutehins, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Or-
lando Kellogg, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Loan, Long,
Lovejoy, Marcy, Marvin, McBrkle, MeClurg, Mclndoe,
Samuel F. Miller, William H. Miller, Moorlicad, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, Moriison, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Nelson, Noble, Norton, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pat-
terson, Perham. Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Ross, Schenck,
ScofiWd, Scott,Shannon, Sloan, Srnithers, Spalding, Sstarr,
Stebbins, John U. Steele, William G.Steele, Stevens,Stiles,
Stiouso, Stuait, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Up<on,
Van Valkenbuigh, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Whit-
ley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and
Woodbridge—125.
NAYS—0.
So the second clause of the resolution was
unanimously agreed to.
Durins: the roll-call,
Mr. ELDRIDGE announced thathiscolleague,
Mr. Wheeler, was detained in his room by
sickness, and had been for the last two days when
the House was in session.
Mr. MALLORY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Webster,otherwise,looking uponab-
olitionism and secession as the causes of this re-
bellion, he should have voted " ay."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
agreeing to the third resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays,
and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Schenck
and Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
forty-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Tlie question was taken; and it wasdecidedin
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. James C. Allen, Alloy, Allison, Ames,
Anderson, Arnold, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Jacob B. Blair, BoutweH, Boyd, Brand-
egee, Brooks, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Cox, C res well, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Dennison, Divon, Donnelly, Diiggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Fenton, Finck, Fiank, Ganson, Garfield", Gnn-
nell, GiidWold, Hale, Harrington, Iligby, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hutehins,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kel-
logg, Kernan, King, Knapp, Loan, Lovejoy, Marvin, Mc-
Bude, McCturg, Mclndoe, MeKinney, William H. Miller,
Moorhead, Morull, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
JohnO'Nt:ill, Patter&on,Peihani, Pomeroy, Price,Radl'oid,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Rog-
ers, Koss, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Srnithers,
Spalding, Stair, Stebbins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Strouse, Stuau, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenbursh,
Elihu B.Washburne, William B. Washburn, Whaley. Wil-
liam*, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and VVood-
bridge—109.
NAYS—0.
So the third resolution was unanimously agreed
to.
TI1E REBELLION ABOLISHED.
Mr. COX offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the rebellion be, and the same is hereby,
abolished. [Laughter.]
NAVY-YARD FOR THE LAKES.
Mr. SPALDING offered a resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to, instructing
the Committee on Naval Affairs to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a navy-yard and
naval depot for the northwestern lakes at some
suitable point on the southern shore of Lake Erie,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
CLEMENT L. VALLANDIGIIAM.
Mr. PENDLETON offered the following res-
olution, and moved the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, (as the sense of this Hou*e,) That the military
ariest, without civil wanant, and trial by military com-
mission, without juiy, ot Clement L. Vallandisfhani, a cit-
izen of Ohio, not in the land or naval foices ot the United
States, or the militia in active seivioe, by order of Major
General Burnside,and his subsequent banishment by oider
of the President, executed by military force, were acts of
mere arbitrary power, in palpable violation of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States.
The question being on seconding the previous
question, the Speaker announced that the previous
question was not seconded; there being, on divis-
ion—ayes 37, noes 55.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis] rising to debate the resolution,
it goes over under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not rise to
debate the resolution. I call for tellers on second-
ing the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ancona] is in
order.
Mr. GRINNELL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will it be in order for me
to ask gentlemen to vote down the motion to lay
on the table, in order that we may vote on the
question direct, as the State of Ohio did?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold, Baily, Baxter, Francis
P. Blair, BoutweH, William G. Brown, Cobb, Cole, Du-
mont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Hale,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Oilando Kellogg, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Noiton, Perham, Shannon, Spalding, Stevens,Thayer,
Thomas Upson, Elihu B. Wa&hburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley, and Wilson—3.J.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Aneona, An-
derson, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Boyd,
Brandegee, Brooks, Chanler, Ambrose W.Claik, Coffroth,
Cox, Heniy Winter Davis, Dawson, Doming, Dennison,
Dixon, Donnelly, Drure*, Eden, Eldndge, Finck, Ganson,
Gaifield, Giinnell, Harding, Higby, Holman, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John II. Hubbaid, Hutehins, Jenckes, Julian,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law,
Loan, Long, Mallory, McBude, McCiurg, McDowell, Me-
Kinney, William H. Miller, Mooihead, Morrison, Amos
Myers, Leonaid Myers, Nelson, Noble, Charles O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomeroy, Price, Radfoid, Wil-
liam H. Randall, John II. Rice, Rogers, Ross, Schcnck,
Scofield, Scott, Sloan, Srnithers, Starr, Stebbins, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Van
Valkenburgh. Wadsworth, Chilton A. White, Williams,
Wilder, Windom, Winfield, and Woodbridge—84.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now call for tell-
ers on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs DuM0NT,and
O'Neill of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-two.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Biook«, Chanler, Coffroth, Cox, Dawson, Denni-
son, Eden, Eldiidge, Fmek,Ganson, Harding, Harrington,
IJeitick, Holman, Hutehins, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Long,
Maicj, McDowell, MeKinney, William H. Miller, Morri-
son, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Rogeis, Ross, Scott, Stebbins, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Voorhees?, Wadsworth, Chilton A. White, and Win-
field—47.
NAYS—Messrs. AHev, Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Francis P. Biair, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Brandegee, Ambrose W. Claik, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Dawes, Deming, Uixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Frank, Grinnell, Hale, Higbv, Hooper, Ilotch-
kbs, Asahel W. llubbaid, John H, Hubbard, Jenckes,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan,
Marvin, MeBiide, McCluig, Mooiliead, Mouill* Daniel
Morris, Amos Mjer*-, Leonard Myeis, Notion, Charles
O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pomeioy. Price, William H.
Randall, John H. Rice, Schcnck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan,
Srnithers, Stair, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Up->on. Van
Valkenbuigh, Elihu R. Wa^hburne, William B. Waslibui n,
Whaley. Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—76.
So the resolution was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MALLORY said,: Mr, Speaker, if I did not
consider myself paired with the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Webster] I should vote " ay."
DEBATE ON PRESIDENTS MESSAGE.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, moved
that next Saturday be set apart for general debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's annual message, no other
business to be done.
The motion was agreed to.
CAUSES OF REBELLION.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, asked leave to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas on the 29th day of February, 1864, the Ameri-
can Congress without one dissenting vote agreed uponone
of the most important questions of the age, to wit, the ne~,
cessity of the entire removal of the causes of the unhappy,
struggle now desolating our land: Therefore,io memory
of this auspicious event,
Resolved., That this House do now adjourn.
Objection was made.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty minutes past four
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 1, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of the Ger-
man Political Club of Cleveland, Ohio, praying
that the conquered States engaged in the rebellion
may be treated as Territories until they shall of
their own accord abolish slavery, and that the
provisions of the confiscation act may be strictly
enforced; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented six petitions of citizens of
Cincinnati, praying for the sale of the mineral
lands of the Rocky mountain country; and that
liberal aid may be granted in the construction of
the Ncn thern and Central Pacific railroads; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
ofWestford, Massachusetts, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery, and that the Constitution maybe
so amended as forever to prohibit its existence;
which was referred to the select committee on sla-
very and freedmen.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the petition of citi-
zens ofOhio, in which they say that slavery is the
sum of all villainies." They pray Congress to re-
peal all laws requiring the rendition of slaves, and
that measures may be taken by Congress so to
amend the Constitution that it cannot be con-
strued to favor slavery. As both these subjects
are now before the Senate, I ask that the petition
lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
trustees of the Roosevelt hospital in the city of
New York, praying that the duty or tax imposed
by the actof Congress of July 1,1862, upon lega-
cies and upon deeds and other instruments, may
be remitted so far as relates to said hospital; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of William W.
Woodworth, praying fora renewal and extension
of the patent known as the "Woodworth plan-
ing machine;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the memorial
of Horace H. Day, remonstrating against the ex-
tension of the patent of Charles Goodyear for the
manufacture of India rubber; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
E. F. AND SAMUEL A. "WOOD.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 105
for the relief of E. F. and Samuel A. Wood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have got some reports
to make.
Mr. ANTHONY. This will lead to no debate,
if the Senate will take it up, I will then give way
to reports.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make a report
if the Senate will allow me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by
Mm.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. Senators all
around me desire to make reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 withdraw the motion.
KEPOllTS SROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred a petition of criers and bailiffs attached
