1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
will telf you what the other is*.' The other is the
measure which was introduced I think by the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and which
has passed the Senate, proposing a radical alter-
ation of our fundamental law so as to abolish sla-
very. That was putting ourselves irr a moral
condition to meet the exigencies of the present
hour; and What that was in the morals and poli-
tics of the nation, measures like this, in my hum-
ble judgment, are in the finance of the nation.
Now*sir, let us adopt it. It is not perfect, I know.
It will operate unequally. I know, and so will all
human legislation. Buttneend,in my judgment,
wili be salutary, will be what the Uouseof Repre-
sentatives wants, what the Senate, I think, wants,
what the country wants. Besides, it is temporary,
aod we shall soon have aperrnanenttaiiff bill be-
fore us. I hope that we and the House of Rep-
resentatives will take counsel from what I think
there is no mistake in supposing is the public sen-
timent of this country, and that is that we are in
a gigantic struggle for life or death; we have got
some chronic diseases upon us that I will not
enumerate now; but the great remedy, if we mean
to fight this battle, if we mean to save this land,
to save this Government, and to hand this inher-
itance down to our posterity, is for us to'meet it
like men, and meet it by the imposition of just
such burdens as are necessary to sustain the gi-
gantic struggle in which we are engaged. I hope
we shall do that, nothing more and nothing less.
The measure that is now proposed, to my mind,
is the very first of a series of financial measures
that will satisfy our constituents that we under-
stand our condition and are in earnest in apply-
ing the remedy.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was astonished, Mr.
President, to hear the assertion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, which was in-
dorsed by the honorable Senatorfrom Maryland,
that this proposed increase of duties would pro-
portionately increase the price of all the domestic
products of this country. I was astonished to
near such a declaration from any source on this
floor. Do not those Senators know that very few
of the products of our looms come m competition
with the products of foreign looms? Are they
not aware that we have not imported cottons,
like our domestic cottons, for more than twenty
years to any considerable extent? Are they not
aware that we have notimported primsfortwenty
years to any considerable-extent? Are they not
aware that our flannels have not been in com-
petition with the flannels of the world for more
than twenty years? How, then, are we going to
advance the price of our domestic pioducts by
this measure, when they have not been in com-
petition with foreign products for twenty years?
I will not chaiacterize theproposition as! should
have done, speaking hastily, but I will simply say
that it is a fallacy.
I say for twenty years these articles have not
been in competition with any foreign product.
The articles we now import are laces, silks, fur-
belows, diamonds, wines, and other things that
we do not manufacture, products that we do not
need, that we should be better off without. Our
ladies might perhaps object to takmgoff their rib-
bons and their laces and their diamonds, but I,
for my parr, would beglad if they were compelled
to wear nothing but the products of our own
looms instead of the silks and laces and furbelows
of Europe.
- Not only do foreign articles not come in com-
petition with the domestic products which J have
just stated, but we export many of our products.
We are even exporting clocks by the thousands
and tens of thousands to-day; and yet the Sen-
atorfrom Vermont would have us understand that
we shall raise the prhe of clocks to the same ex-
tent that we raise the duties on importations. It ;
will not affect the price of ourdomestic products,
because they are not in competition with foreign
articles. Many of our products we are export-
ing to-day to South America, to the West India !
islands, to China, and India, and we come into i
competition with the woild m our exports of those 1
Very articles the price of which it is said will be
increased m the same ratio that we increase the !
duties on importations. The whole idea is a fal-
lacy; there is no forcc in it.
The only question at issue was fairly stated
by the Senator fium Ohio, It is wed known to
every member on this floor that even a proposi-
tion to increase your duties raises the price of.
goods. Let it be understood that you will in-
crease your duties fifty per cent, on the 1st day
of July, and it will not be three days before for-
eign merchandise will advance very nearly to the
fifty per cent, which you propose then to add to
the duties. The question to be decided by the
Senate is whether you will put these additional
millions in gold into the Treasury of the United
States, or whether you will put them into the
pd&kets of foreign importers. That is the ques-
tion you are to decide by your vote to-day, and
it is the only question. It was fairly stated by
the Senator from Ohio. Will you put these mil-
lions into your own Treasury, where you need
them, or will you give them, present them, donate
them to foreign importers who have no interest
in your Government, and most of whom have
no sympathy with your Government? Sir/1
am in favor of putting the money into the Treas-
ury of the United States, where it belongs, and
using it for the prosecution of this war, instead
of putting it into the pockets of foreignimporters.
Mr. DAVIS. I would thank the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance and the
honorable Senator from Ohio to give their esti-
mate of the probable product in revenue of this
measure while it may continue in force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sena-
tor that the committee have made no estimate
whatever, and could not make any estimate, be-
cause ^exannot tell the probable amount of im-
portations; and we do not know exactly the
amount of goods in bond at the present time, if
the measure is to apply to them.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the soundness of the
propositions laid down by the Senatorfrom Ver-
mont: that the increased duty upon foreign im-
ported articles will add that much to the price of
those articles; and in addition it will add some-
thing like the same amount to the pi ice of domes-
tic manufactured ai tides that admit of similar
appropriation, application, and uses with the for-
eign imported article. 1 dissent entirely from
the position of the Senator from Michigan that
the imposition of this increased duty will have
no effect to increase the price of domestic arti-
cles, because the duty will be laid upon such for-
eign articles as do not and cannot come into com-
petition with the domestic articles. A more fal-
lacious proposition was never stated. How could
a tariff protect domestic industry if it had not
substantially the effect which the Senator from
Michigan negatives? It is because the duty im-
posed upon foreign articles will operate as an in-
ciease of the price of the foreign articles that it
enables the domestic manufacturer to manufac-
tuie Similar articles, and sell them in our own mar-
kets at the price of the foreign articles increased
by the addition of the duty.
Mr. HALE, With the leave of the Senator
from Kentucky, I want to state to him that I think
he mistakes the position of the Senator from Mich-
igan His argument, if I understood him, and
1 think I did, was that it would not increase the
pi ice of those domestic articles which he named,
because they do not come into competition with
imported tbieign articles, and that for some twenty
years or more we had been exporting those very
articles to foreign countries, and therefore their
price could not be effected by this increase of duty.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not agree with the propo-
sition of the Senator from Michigan as modified
by the explanation of the Senator from New
Hampshire. Our own manufacturers and foreign
manufacturers make cotton goods. To insure
protection to the domestic article, it is not neces-
sary that the article which is brought m by the
importer and the article produced by the domes-
tic manufacturer should be precisely and in all
icspects of the same character.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator yield
to me a moment? I took the ground that there
was nothing similar imported; nothing would
come m competition with the articles 1 named;
and therefore their price could not be affected on
that account.
Mr. DAVIS. I dissententirely from the prop-
osition of the Senator from Michigan. 1 main-
tain this to be true, that in the various classes of
manufactured cotton goods in the United States
there is a competition with imported foreign arti-
cles, and always will be a competition until the
duty upon the imported article is prohibitory.
Mr. CHANDLER. There have not been for
twenty years any importations of that kind.
Mr. DAVIS. Have we imported no cottons
from abroad in twenty years?
Mr. CHANDLER. Nothing but very fine
fabrics which we did not manufacture in this
country.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the foreign
article may differ in its fineness; in its texture;
in the name by which it is known; and it may
differ in the price; but it may be susceptible of
the same appropriations and uses of the domestic
article.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I dissent from the Sena-
tor on the matter of fact, and we cannot debate
about that. So of woolens. I maintain that there
are various woolen fabrics imported into the Uni-
ted States, although they may differ in some re-
spects from the products of our manufactures,
but are stili of such a character and admitof such
appropriations and uses that if admitted free of
duty they would come into serious competition
with our own manufactured articles, and would
put them down. There is no mistake on this
point, and there cannot be, because articles that
are essentially the same, although in shades dif-
fering, may be appropriated to the same purposes
and to the same uses; and if all of those of for-
eign manufacture were admitted duty free they
would undersell and would supersede wholly or
partially the domestic article whose places and
uses they might be made to assume. '
I contend, then, that the position of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont is substantially true,
that the effect of imposing this duty upon im-
ported articles will be to increase to something
like the extent of the duty imposed the price of
similar domestic manufactured articles, and to
give that much more of price either to the man-
ufacturer or to the present holder of these man-
ufactured articles. Thatsuch would be the effect
substantially, and to a very material extent, I
have no doubt. If that be true, it explains why
the manufacturers are willing to accept this duty,
because, although its effect is to mcicase the
price of the imported aiticlc by the amount of
the duty and the profit upon the duty, it would
enable them to increase the prices of their own
manufactured articles in something like the same
proportion.
Now, sir, suppose that the product of this bill
should be $10,000,000, by way of aigument and
illustration, upon foreign imported goods. H
would enable the domestic manufacturers or the
holders of similar articles of the same aggregate
amount of value, articles that might he applied to
the same uses, to increase their pi ices about the
same sum, which would make their piesent Imge
profits enormous. The manufaetui mg constitu-
ents of the Senator from New Hampshire would
be well paid for his vote in favor of this duty, be-
cause it would enable those constituents to im-
pose that much more of price on their own goods;
but, as the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
has asked, who will be called upon to pay this
additional duty on the foreign ai tide, and this ad-
ditional price, without any duty on*the domestic
article? It will be the consumer, the people who
use them.
The Senator from New Hampshire mounts into
his usual grandiloquent style of declamation, and
sings a hallelujah upon the present state of the
country, the improved feeling, the increased light,
and the juster appreciation, both on the part of the
people and of Congress, of our great dangers and
difficulties, and the true remedy. He says that
we are in great peril from which we can be saved
only by taxation,and that taxation is indispensa-
bly necessary to produce our dehveiance. He
says it is a life or death struggle u ith the people
now. It is so to some very considerable ex'ent
in my State; and that life and death stmg le is,
whether one half of the people of Kentucky have
the means, or will by any industty and economy
that they may be enabled to practice ever ho able
to procure the means, to pay their enormous taxes,
existing and proposed.
The honorable Senator says that anotherques-
tion is whether our great inheritance is to be
handed down unimpaired to our posterity. I tell
him what is most apt to be the great inheritance
which will be handed down to our posterity; it
is a mountain of debt which the people will never
