THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). 'C.'
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1864.
JNew Series....,No,. 56,*
rolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 35) of thanks
of Congress to the volunteer soldiers who have
reenlisted in the Army; and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the case of
F. W. Landf-r be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
PUBLIC LOANS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance,to whom was referred the
bill (H. R*No. 265) supplementary to an acten-
titled "An act to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government," approved March
3, 1863, to report it back without amendment;
and as the time is very pressing about it, and it
can be easily understood—it is merely a slight
change of the law as it at present exists with ref-
erence to the issue of bonds—I will ask that it
l>e considered at the present time.
Mr. POWELL. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Maine if that bill authorizes the issue ofany
more five-twenty bonds?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. If the Senator
will hear it read, he will see what it does author-
ize.
There being no objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 265) supplementary to an acten-
titled "An act to provide ways and means for the
support of the Government,'" approved March
3, 1863. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury, in lieu of so much of the loan
authorized by the act of March 3,1863, to which
this is supplementary, to borrow, from time to
time, on the credit of the United States, not ex-
ceeding $200,000,000 during the current fiscal
yeart and to prepare and issue therefor coupon or
registered bonds of the United States, bearing date
March 1,1864, oranysubsequentperiod,redeem-
able at the pleasure of the Government after any
period not less than five years, and payable atany
period not more than forty years from date, and
of such denominations as may be found expe-
dient, not less than fifty dollars, bearing interest
not exceeding six per cent, a year, payable, on
bonds not over §100, annually, and on all other
bonds semi-annually, in coin; and he may dis-
pose of such bonds at any time, on such terms as
he may deem most advisable, for lawful money
of the United States, or, at his discretion, for
Treasury notes, certificates of indebtedness, or
certificates of deposit issued under any act of
Congress; and all bonds issued under this actare
to be exempt from taxation by or under State or
municipal authouty. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is to pay the necessary expenses of the prep-
aration, issue, and disposal of such bonds, but the
amount so paid is not to exceed one half of one
per cent, of the amount of the bonds so issued and
disposed of.
It proposes also to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue, to persons who subscribed
on or before the 21st of January, 1864, for bonds
redeemable after five years and payable twenty
yeais from date, and have paid into the Treasury
the amount of their subscriptions, the bonds by
them respectively subscribed for, not exceeding
$11,000,000, notwithstanding that such subscrip-
tions may be in excess of $500,000,000; and the
bonds so issued are to have the same force and
effect as if issued under the provisions of the act
to authorize the issue of United States notes, and
for other purposes, approved February 26, 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 answered the question
put by the Senator from Kentucky a moment ago
rather hastily. The last section does specifically
authorize the issue of five-twenties to the amount
of about eleven million dollars, in consequence of
there being subscriptions over the amount author-
ized by the law and the money having been paid
in upon them to that amount. It will be observed
also that under the bill as it stands the Secretary
might have power to issue five-twenty bonds. It
says that the bonds to bo issued shall be payable
56
in not less than five and not over forty years. It
varies from the original act which we passed at
the last session, authorizing alarge amount of what
might be called ten-forties to be issued, by redu-
cing the minimum to five years. It is not the in-
tention, however, as I understand, of the Secretary
to issue five-twenties, but a paper of different de-
nomination, to run for not less that five but for a
longer time than twenty years.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance if this bill makes any
other alteration whatever in the law, except re-
ducing the lowest period in which the $200,000,000
may be redeemed from ten to five years?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see that there is
any other.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought there seemed to
be a little difference from the reading of the bill.
It is not stated in this bill that the ultimate re-
demption is to be in coin. That is stated in the
original bill authorizing the loan of $900,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is in lieu of an
amount authorized by the original bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then the omission of those
words will not affect the payment of the principal
in coin?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The attention of the com-
mittee was not called to that. I ask the Secretary
to read that portion of the bill again. It is the
first part of the bill.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That, in lieu of so much of the loan authorized by the
act ot' March 3, 1863, to which this is supplementary, the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to borrow, tiom
time to time, on the credit of the United States, not ex-
ceeding $200,000,000 during the cuirent fiscal year, and to
prepare and issuo therefor coupon or registered bonds of the
United States, heai injr date March 1, 1804, or any subse-
quent period, redeemable at the plcasuie of the Govern-
ment after any period not less than five years, and pajabie
at any penod not more than iorty years from date, and of
euch denominations as may be found expedient, not less
than fifty dollars, bearing interest not exceeding six per
cent, a year, payable, on bonds not over $100, annually, and
on ail other bonds semi-annually, in coin ; and he may dis-
pose of such bonds at any time, on <siioh terms as he may
deem most advisable, for lawful money of the United States,
or, at his discretion, for Treasury notes, certificates of in-
debtedness, or certificates of deposit issued under any act
of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is sufficient. Itis
payable in coin.
Mr. POWELL. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill. The second section is in
these words:
"Sec.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to issue, to persons who
sub^enbed on or before the 2lst day of Januaiy, 1864, for
bonds redeemable after five years and payable twenty year*
from date, and have paid into the Treasury the amount of
their sub-cilption>, tins bonds by them respectively sub-
scribed foi, not e\ce<idn){; $11,001),QUO, notwithstanding
that such subscriptions may be in e^cevsof .$500,000,000 ;
and the bonds so issued shall have the same iorce and ef-
fect as if issued under the provisions of the act to authorize
tiie issue of United States notes, and for other purposes,
appioved Febiuary 26, 186-2."
By the quotations in the newspapers I see that
these five-twenty bonds are selling at a premium
of about seven per cent.; that is, they are worth
seven per cent, more than the paper money com-
monly called "greenbacks." If you authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue to these
persons £11,000,000 of these bonds which they
subscribed forafterthe$500,000,000authorized to
be issued had been subscribed for, you svill give
to those persons about seven hundred thousand
dollars; because the bonds are worth more by that
amount of money than the money they havegiven
for t ho ni. 1 do not think that any such law ought
to pass. It will be virtually giving to those per-
sons about seven hundred thousand dollars, or
over that amount. It is manifestly unjust to the
Government that itshould be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The fact is simply as has
been stated, that 111 the subscription for these
bonds they run over the amount of $500,000,000.
The persons who made the subscriptions have
paid their monry to some extent—I do not Imosv
exactly what the arrangement was with reference
to that—and this bill simply authorizes the per-
formance of that contract on the part of the Gov-
ernment with those persons. To be sure those
bonds have risen in value somewhat; but the Sen-
ate will judge whether justice does not require that
the persons who thus subscribed, the amount
being so comparatively small, should receive their
bonds^ They make nothing out of the Govern-
ment by itat all. The Government have no more
to sell, and therefore the Government loses noth-
ing by it.
Mr. POWELL. The law authorized the issue
of §500,000,000 of five-twenty bonds, butitseems
the subscriptions went some eleven millions over
that amount, and this bill proposes to issue bonds
to those persons who subscribed the eleven mil-
lions over the amount authorized. When those
persons subscribed they knew the limitation in
the law on the issue of those five-twenty bonds.
The Government was not bound in any .way
whatever, in faith or otherwise, to issue more.
Indeed, it could not issue more under the law as
it then and now exists than the §500,000,000.
Now, those persons who subscribed to the amount
over and above the $500,000,000 come here and
demand, or at least it is proposed to pass a law
authorizing the issue of five-twenty bonds for
those $11,000,000. The Government had better
pay them back their money, because these bonds
to-day are worth $700,000 more than the money
they paid. If they have subscribed for bonds
that cannot be issued, the Government can but
give them back their money, and in that there is
no breach of faith. I look upon this section: as
givingabsolutely away, of the Government funds,
$700,000 to those persons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed the mode
adopted was, that those who subscribed paid In
their money absolutely. The Government have
had the use of it. Now, what does the Senator
propose to do ? Pay back the money with inter-
est, or pay it back without interest? Who is to
perform the contract? 1 do not see that any harm
is done, and I think justice requires that these
bonds should be issued.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question has been put
to me by a Senator as to how this subscription
occurred. It occurred in this way: through'the
agency adopted by the Secretary of the Treasury
fully two thousand five hundred persons, banks,
corporations, bankers, &c., all over this country
from California to Maine, were employed to ne-
gotiate the five-twenty loan. When the loan was
about to be exhausted there was an eager demand
forit, and I believe on the lastday that the subscrip-
tion books were open,from six to seven millions
were subscribed and the money was paid in. It was
impossible to tell precisely when the $500,000,000
were exhausted, on account of the extent of the
country and the magnitude of the operations. It
seems that the loan was really exhausted a day
or two before it was known at the Treasury De-
partment, because these subscriptions did not
come in in the ordinary course of operations for
a day or two, and sometimes three or four days.
In this way an excess somewhere between nine
and eleven millions was subscribed over the
amount authorized by law. The money was
sent from all parts of the country and went into
the Treasury of the United States, and has been
expended. But when they came to issue these
bonds it was found that the amount subscribed
for was in excess of the amount authorized by
law. The only question occurs, whether the
money with interest shall be paid back to those
persons who subscribed for the stock, or whether
the additional amount shall be authorized by law.
From this statement of the proposition, I think
it is manifest the Government is bound to issue
to these parties these bonds. They subscribed for
them in good faith, ignorant of the fact that the
§500,000,000 were exhausted. The Government
could not tell exactly when to suspend the opera-
tion of this agency system scattered throughout
the United States; and it is manifestly proper
that the Government should furnish the bonds
subscribed and paid for.
The Senator from Kentucky says it is a loss to
the Government of $700,000. He is mistaken in
