2904-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
rect position; but I will examine their application
or.their effort to organize civil government and
see what they have got to say; and as we have
no gfeneral law under which to act, I will take
each case by itself and act on it according to our
I?est judgments. I wish itunderstood, however,
thai I will not, while I hold a seat here, vote to
admit any body who voted to,carry any State out
of the Union or any one who has fought the bat-
tles of the rebellion to seats on this floor, nor will
I vote to allow such men to hold office of honor
or profit under the Government of the United
States.. No, sir, never.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It seems to trie that
the Senator from Massachusetts might have re-
frained from insultinga gentleman in his presence,
at least when he is here not permitted to say a
word in his own defense. 1 say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that Mr. Fishback has as
clean a record as a loyal man as he has, with
the single exception of having cast a vote for
the ordinance of secession in order to save his
life. Mr. Fishback comes here with the indorse-
ment of friends as true to the Union as the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and I have said here to-
day that.there is .not now, and there never has
been, a loyal man in the State of Arkansas that
doubted the loyalty of Mr. Fishback. I am re-
sponsible somewhat for introducing him upon the
floor of the Senate. I have said that he came rec-
ommended by true men., men as true as the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts dare claim to be. After
consultation with older Senators, I told him that
it was the practice of the Senate to permit those
"who came here with regular credentials to take
their seats within the bar; and so he is here. 1
put it to the Senator from Massachusetts, when
this case is sought by these very applicants to be
referred to the Committee on theJudiciaryforin-
vestigation, if it is chivalric for him to rise in his
place in the Senate and assail a helpless man in
Mir teeth, I say to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that so far as I am concerned, I should feel
that I was perpetrating an act of -which I would
be ashamed, in the Senate of the Cfnited States,
and before the "world, to brand a man who has it
fiot in his power to defend himself, who seeks an
investigation, and who, if he cannot show a clean,
pure record of loyalty, from his birth to this mo-
ment, does not ask a seat on this floor. He per-
haps was the only man in the State of Arkansas
who could not have voted against the ordinance
of secession. He had before the rebellion written
a letter in extenuation of the raid of John Brown
upon Virginia, and he was known throughout the
western States as a radical abolitionist. That is
a misfortune in the eye of the Senator from Del--
aware, I doubt not, but in the eye of loyal men
it is an honor fo he branded as an abolitionist.
Mr. SAULS BURY. In response to that, I will
simply say to the Senator from Kansas that if by
the assertion that in lh j eyes of loyal men it is
an Junior fo be an abolitionist he means to cast
any imputation upon me, I do not intend to enter
into any discussion of my loyalty with that Sena-
tor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The gentleman who
has been assailed here was elected to the conven-
tion of Atkansos as a Union man. He opposed
the ordinance of secession and defeated it at the
first session of the convention. Before he finally
cast a vote for that ordinance of secession, he
went upon a steamboat lying in the Arkansas
river at Little Rock and tried to escape, but the
officers told him that if they received him their boat
would be destroyed. He voted for that ordinance
of secession after full consultation witli the loyal
men of the State, and with the distinct understand-
ing that he voted for it merely to save his life.
Mr. President, I take this opportunity of answer-
ins a suggestion made by the Senator from
Michigan a few days ago, that this State ought
not to be received into the Union unless it was
evidenced that they were able to maintain them-
selves after the army of the Union was withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD. I think my honorable friend
from Kansas need spend none of his time on such
a proposition as that, for 1 think I did not advance
any such idea.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. The suggestion was
that without the military aid of the Government
they could not sustain themselves.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is mistaken.
Such an idea never occurred to my mind.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. X certainly understood
the Senator from Michigan,and he will find it in
his printed speech, to express the idea that that
was to be the test. Does the Senator disavow it?
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does the Senator dis-
avow that he took the ground that Arkansas
ought not to be recognized because they could
not sustain their State government In the absence
of the military power of the General Government?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what the re-
port of my speech maybe; I have not seen it since
1 made it here; but I have no recollection of ever
advancing such an opinion as that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to under-
stand from the Senator if he entertains that opinion
now.
Mr. HOWARD. It is unnecessary to cate-
chise me on that subject. " Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof." I will answer the ques-
tion when it properly arises.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I so understood the
drift of the argument of the Sehator, and 1 was
going to-answer that proposition by saying that
1 take it that would affect every State in theUnion.
The State of Michigan could not long maintaiti
her State government after the armies of the Union
were dissolved or withdrawn. The armies of
the United States area's necessary to maintain a
State organization in Massachusetts, in Pennsyl-
vania, or in Kentucky, as in Arkansas.
I have desired the admission of Arkansas be-
cause I believed that it was our true policy to or-
ganize State governments in the rear of our ad-
vancing armies. In the confederate States there
are governments hostile to our Government.
There is no true way, in my opinion, to meet
those organizations successfully except by State
government. It was by a State government organ-
ization in Kansas that Kansas was saved to the
Union. I think experience will prove that the
true policy is to organize our State governments,
freeStategovernments, in the rear of our armies
as they move forward. It has been for that reason
that I have been anxious for the admission of
Arkansas. .
I desire to say further, Mr. President, that I
should be as far as the Senator from Massachu-
setts from voting for the reception of any man
upon this floor who had entertained an opinion,
or who had perpetrated an act hostile to the Gov-
ernment. It is not true that Mr. Fishback ever
engaged in the armed service of the rebellion. On
the contrary, as soon as he could escape from the
Stateof Arkansas he did escape,and he has been
engaged during this entire rebellion in organizing
troops for the Government. He has organized
one entire regiment and almost another one, al-
most two thousand men. I say to the Senator
from Massachusetts, with alcnowledge of what I
say obtained from others, that there is no man in
the State of Arkansas who has the confidence of
the loyal people of Arkansas to a greater extent
than Mr, Fishback has.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kansas,
who assumes to be the champion of the claimant
from Arkansas, speaks with a great deal of earn-
estness, not to say of passion. Sir, I assure the
Senator there is no occasion for any excitement or
passion in this case. The Senator complains be-
cause 1 have chosen to speak of the claims and po-
sition of Mr, Fishback in his presence. How could
I speak otherwise when lie was present? The
question is before the Senate; everything per-
taining to the claim, position,andconductof that
gentleman is before us for consideration. Yes,
sir, every act of his is before us; and if 1 speak
at all on the subject 1 must speak in his presence,
for the Senator from Kansas has introduced him
to this Chamber. Is he introduced here by the
Senator for the purpose of imposing silence"upou
us? When we are considering this question must
w<> be silent in regard to his conduct in voting to
carry his State out of this Union? Must we fail
til characterize his work of treason as it should
be because he is present? I object not to that
gentleman coming into this Chamber any more
than I object to his coming to the city of Wash-
ington; but when he is here, if he chooses to re-
main and listen to the discussions in the case of
Arkansas, he must listen, yes, sir, he must listen
to what Senators choose tw uiter in regaid to bis i
acts and his conduct. While this question is be- i
fore us if I choose to say anything upon the sub- !
ject, I shall speak of it precisely in his presence
as I would if he were absent. That isall I have
to say in regard to the remarks of the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, during the five
years that I have been a member of this body I.
have heard a great maby extraordinary debates,
but it occurs to me that this is the most extraor-
dinary one that I have ever listened to. Some
gentlemen appear before us and present to us cre-
dentials from a man calling himself or represent- .
ing himself to be Governor of the State of Ar-
kansas. That gentleman is recognized by the
chief Executive Magistrate of the United States
as the Governor of Arkansas. The credentials
are presented to us and read, and the proposition
is made to refer them for investigation to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The highest prerogative of this body, I under-
take to say, is that which relates to the qualifica-
tions and admission of its members, and their
expulsion. We act in regard to that question
purely or almost purely in a judicial character.
There are friends here with whom I am always
pleased to act, for whose opinions I entertain the
highest consideration, who propose that these
credentialsshall not be thus referred, that we shall
not investigate the facts in regard to them, some
for the reason that they say this man did not re-
ceive the requisite number of vote's. How do
we know? Shall we not give him a fair oppor-
tunity to appear before the organ of the Senate
which we have constituted for this particular pur-
pose, and explain to the Senate how that is?
Would it be just for us to drive him from the
doors of the Senate without giving him an oppor-
tunity to have the question investigated?
Others say that he voted for an ordinance of se-
cession in Arkansas." As evidence of it they pro-
duce to us a printed document, a book. How do
we knowthat that is notaforgery? Who knows
whether that was published by the authority of
the so-called confederate State of Arkansas, or, if
it was published by that authority, that it does
not contain an interpolation ? Will you drive this
gentleman away from the doors, of the Senate
Chamber without giving him an opportunity to
explain that vote? I am not prepared to say that
1 would not vote with, and I incline to think that
I would, nay, I certainly would, vote with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] against
the admission of any man who had participated
in this rebellion unless he could satisfy me, as the
Senatorfrom Kansas has said that thiscommittee
and the Senate can be satisfied in regard to this
man, that he cast that vote under coercion of such
a character as to make it absolutely necessary for
him to do it in order to save his life. But giye
the man an opportunity to be heard. It is due to
the State of Arkansas, it is due to the dignity of
this body, it is due to the country, that we should
not thrust him away in this manner without let-
ting his credentials be sent to the organ of this
body which we have constituted to investigate
questions of this kind.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa seems to regard this as a very extraor-
dinary discussion; the most so, it would seem,
that he has ever listened to. 1 see nothing ex-
traordinary in the discussion. What are the facts
which have given rise to the discussion? They
are few in number and easily understood. The
first is that on the 6th of May, 18GI, the people
known as the State of Arkansas, tiien one of the
United States, assembled in convention and passed
what is called an ordinance of secession by a vote
of 69 against l;and in that ordinance, among other
things, they declare:
" We do hereby further declare and ordain that Use State
ol Aikansas hereby assumes to heiself all rights and pow-
ers heretofore delegated to the Government or" the United
States of America, that her citizens are absolved from all
allegiance to said Government of the United States, and
tli.it she is in full pw.ses.Mnn and exercise ol" all the rights
and soveieignty winch appertain to a free and independ-
ent Slate."
This was an open, undisguised declaration of
national independence on the part of the State of
Arkansas, as plainly such as was the declaration
of the 4tli of July, 1776. It was an assumption
by her, contrary to all right'and all law, of the
rights and powers of a sovereign nation and a
sovereign people, and an entire rejection utid re-
pudiation of all allegiance to the Government of
the United States, of all dependence upon that
