IM
ME CONti-KESSlWAL (JiOBB.
£z
April 28?
.' But, Mr. President, this war has been forced
ppon the people of New Hampshire and upon
the people of the loyal States. They resisted
it as long as they could. They conceded until
tjie'y had nothing left in the way of concession.
They made every sacrifice for pea.ce that could be
made; and when life could not be preserved ex-
cept by unmanly concessions that would, have left
;them slaves, they resisted as, became men, and
.they witl,resist until the opportunity presents
itself in which life may be maintained, to say the
least, qpon honorable terms.
Ajr. President, the Senator.rails because we are
getting such a mountain load of debt that we never
shall1 be able .to pay it, nor our, posterity to pay
the interest of it. It-is because 1 wish to avoid
that very evil that I go for this measure. It is
because I do trot, wish to pile up a mountain load
of debt, but d'esire to meet the enormous expenses
which we are' obliged ti? incur by levying as the
war goes on some considerable portion of the
means with which it is to be carried on, that I go
for this measure. It is because I do not want the
debt to be increased, I do not want to go on in-
terminably and forever piling updebt,thatl think
it becomes us in the day of the emergency in
which we live to meet the existing evils which
threaten us.
Let me ask-theSenator, whatdoeshe propose:
'to rail and to find fault and to criminate and ca-
lumuiate.is the easiest tiling in the world. But
what does the Senator propose? He says he
would have this war cease. So would I. But in
Crod's name how would he have it cease? What
Way does he see in which it can cease? Has he
heard anything to show that the chiefs of this re-
bellion would make peace on any conditions? Has
' Jeff. Davis notified him that he would receive the
citizens of the loyal States back as slaves even ?
JSTo, sir. It is a war declared against the Consti-
. tution, against the life of the country, and it is
waged for its utter extermination and overthrow.
' When a quarrel commences, when war rages, it
takes two to make peace. One party may com-
mence a war, but one party cannot make peace
unless the other consents; and 1 ask the honorable
Senator, and I ask the Senate, and 1 ask the coun-
try, if from the day the first gun was fired upon
Fort Sumter there has ever been a day in which
the United States of America could have made
peace upon any terms short of national annihila-
tion, degradation, and disgrace? Has there ever
been a time when the Constitution could have been
saved; when this Congress could have met; when
this country could have existed, and peace been
made? .No, sir. The terms which this rebellion
continues to insist on are the utter ovei throw
and annihilation of this Union; the blotting out of
the work of ages; the tearing up root and branch of
the foundation-stones which our fathers planted;
the overthrowing and annihilating forever the last
vestige of free government upon this continent;
and a man that wants peace upon these terms
wants degradation, wants national annihilation
and disgrace,
Mr. President, I believe that the party with
which you and I act, I believe that the President
of the united States, I believe the great party of
the loyal States m this country desire peace as
earnestly, as sincerely as the honorable Senator
fiom Kentucky, or anybody else; but it is one
tiling to desire it and another thing to mark out
some practical way to obtain it; and it is idle to
rail against what we are doing, to calumniate the
Government of the country for what they are
doing, to thiow denunciation on the war, and
another to point out some means by which the
war can be avoided. I believe that the alterna-
tive is such (hat one or the other of these parties
must go to the wall; the rebellion must triumph
and the Union be blotted out, our country become
our eveilasting reproach, our name our shame,
or we must succeed; and how are we to succeed?
Only by energetically pursuing the means that
are adequate to what we propose; by putting forth
our whole vigor and our whole means. What is
property worth, what is your property or mine,
or anybody else's, more or little, worth if the
country goes? Nothing, nothing. What value
has property? -
Mr. President, in one of the darkest days of
the Revolution there was one of the truest patri-
ots that ever took part in the public councils of
this or any other nation, John Langdon, who
rose in the provincial assembly of New Hamp-
shire and addressed them as follows: " I have,"
said he, "§2,000 in specie; I will give that; I
will sell my plate for as much more." He gave
them a substantial inventory of his stock in trade.
"All that is at the service of the country; the last
dollm- that I have; and with that means we majr
possibly raise a regiment, and we will commit it
to my friend John Stark, and if we succeed I
shall be1 paid; if we do not succeed, property will
be worth nothing."
Sir, we need more of that spirit which animated
the fathers of the Revolution. We want patriot-
ism to manifest itself in some of the self-devoted
acts of patriotism rather than in continual rail-
ings against the Government. Sir, the result of
that patriotic sacrifice of property was this: the
regiment was raised; the leading of it was com-
mitted to John Stark; and he marched and met
the enemy first at the battle of Bennington. Y o'u
all remember his speech to his soldiers on that
occasion; perhaps it has not been repeated too
often to be repeated once more. He pointed out
the enemy to his soldiers, and said he, " Boys,
there is the' enemy, and they are ours, or Moll
Stark sleeps a widow to-night." It was in that
spirit that that regiment was raised. It was in
that spirit that they went forth to battle. It was
in that spirit that they conquered, and gave us
a country which God, in His providence, calls
upon us to-day by a like spirit and a like effort to
save and to preserve.
Sir, I hope we shall have more of that spirit,
more of that patriotism, more of that devotion
which won for us the battles of the Revolution,
secured to us the great inheritance that is how in
jeopardy, and which can only be preserved by a
like temper, a like spirit, and like efforts.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 was in the
other House when the Senator fromNew Hamp-
shire took his seat there, and he came there with
his mind absorbed by a single idea, and that was
to liberate the negro. That idea has possessed
him and has impelled him in all his public and
political conduct from that moment to the pres-
ent. It has been his guiding star, and we recol-
lect the psean which he sang the other day to what
he supposed would be the final consummation of
his great policy in the amendment of the Federal
Constitution abolishing slavery in all the States.
Was that American statesmanship? Was that
American patriotism? What right had the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire or any other citizen
of the United States to go to the other House or
to come to this to make an interminable and un-
constitutional war upon slavery? It was not the
concern of New Hampshire. She at the time that
the Declaration of Independence was promulged,
arid also when the Constitution was formed, I be-
lieve, was slaveholding, and it was a most im-
portant and essential principle of our system of
Government that the subject of slavery and of
property generally should be regulated exclu-
sively by the Slates.
Now, sir, he says that the South made war
upon the North. They made immediately the
present war, 1 admit, but the remote and prelim-
inary war was made by the North all tiie time,
and commencing nearly a third of a century ago
against the South, against its institutions, against
its property. If the State ofNew Hampshire had
done its duty singly and in good faith in relation
to this subject, if that State alone, and especially
if all New England had acted in the same line of
duty, this war never would have occurred.
The Senator was here when what was called
the Crittenden compromise was proposed. If the
Senatois from New Hampshire had supported
that compromise, and especially if the Senators
from New England had supported it, the rebel-
lion never would have taken place; the rebels and
the malcontents would never have had strength
to rear the standard of revolt and to involve this
nation in civil war.
Now, the Senator says that I have done noth-
ing but rail against the Governmentand its meas-
ures and its policy, and that he never knew of a
patriot in any country that took precisely that
course. I agree with him in the truth and cor-
rectness of that position, to the extent that such
measures are expedient and constitutional. But
1 tell the Senator that my course, within the prin-
ciple that I have stated, has not been such as he
has characterized it. Every proper and constitu-
tional measure that has been proposed to carry
on this war according to the principles and pol-
icy that were announced at us beginning 1 have
sustained; and it was only when the war became
perverted and its measures were made subsidiary
to other ends than putting down the insurrection
and enforcing the Constitution and the laws, that
I dissented from the p'olicy and opposed the meas-
ures of the Administration. In that departure I
dissented, and I condemned it, and I always will
condemn it, and the Senator was untrue to his
pledges, the Constitution, and the country, in
supporting them.
The Senator rebukes me in strong terms for
railing against the Government and its measures'.
Who has indulged, especially what supporter of
the Administration, more liberally in that line
than the Senator himself? Did he not proclaim
again and again, in fifteen or twenty days of suc-
cessive debate two years ago, that the liberties of
this people and the continuance of the Govern-
ment were in more danger from the corruptions
of the Departments than from the enemy in the
field? I agreed with him %en; I agree with him
now. I suppose the Senator will hardly assume
that the extent and enormity of that corruption
have decreased. No, sir; as the war has moved on
and its armies been augmented and its expendi-
tures increased, so has been the increase of cor-
ruption. Instead of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire rebuking mc, he ought to stand by me in
the position which I have assumed of condemn-
ing the extravagance, prodigality, wastefulness,
and corruption of this Administration, and hold-
ing it to the true constitutional principles upon 1
which it avowed at the commencement that it in-
tended to conduct the war.
Now, sir, I will read a sentence or txvo of what
has been read scores of times in this Chamber.
Mr. Lincoln, in his inaugural address, as the
Senator knows, and as we all know, said that he
had neither " the power nor the inclination to in-
terfere with slavery in the States." He said
through the Secretary of State, in instructions to
Mr. Dayton, our minister to France, that " the
rights of the States and the condition of every
human being in thefn will remain precisely the
same whether the revolution shall succeed or
whether it shall fail. In the one case th^ States
would be federally connected with the new con-
federacy; in the other they would, as now, be
members of the United States; but their constitu-
tions, laws, customs, habits, and institutions in
either case will remain the same."
The Senate itself passed a resolution, with but
three dissenting voices, 1 think, after the battle
of Bull Run, of which the substance was, that
i this war is not waged on your part in any spirit
of oppression, or for any purpose of conquest or
subjugation, or purpose of overthrowing or inter-
fering with the rights or established institutions
of the southern States, but to defend and main-
tain the supremacy of the Constitution and pre-
serve the Union with all the dignity, equality,
and rights of the several States unimpaired, and
as soon as these objects are attained the war ought
to cease.
I deny to the Senator from New Hampshire
that I have ever abandoned one square inch of the
ground announced for conducting this war. He
once pledged himself to it, and he has abandoned
the whole of it. He, with the President of the Uni-
ted States, is now operating upon a policy diamet-
rically opposed and wholly destructive of all the
rights of the States, their constitutions, laws,in-
stitutions, property, and all the principles upon
which they solemnly pledged themselves to the
country and the world tliey would carry on the
war. I ask the honorable Senator if, with this
altered policy on the part of the Administration
and its friends, I am not authorized to denounce
it. Wtiere does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire find the authority of the President of the
United States to pull down State constitutions
and State governments? Where does he find the
power of the President of the United States to
issue a proclamation authorizing less than one
tenth of the population of the States to recon-
struct those governments? Where docs he find
the authority of the President of the United States
to impose conditions upon the one tenth that he
will permit to take part in the reconstruction of
thosi' guvernments, that they must take all oath
I to support his proclamations and the measures of
