1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government, and of all friendly connection with
that Government. That is one fact.
A second fact is that on the 16th of the same
month of May, 1861, this community, claiming
thus to be an independent nation in and of itself,
sent to the rebel confederacy six representatives,
which representatives were received as members
of the rebel congress, and are now, as I suppose,
for I know nothing to the contrary, acting in the
rebel congress in hostility to the Government of
the United States.
A third fact is that the delegation of that State
in the Congress of the United States either with-
drew, and thus vacated their seats voluntarily on
the secession of their State, or were afterwards,
and shortly afterwards, expelled from their seats
in this body or in the other House. I do not
know what the particular fact was in regard to
the expulsion of members from Arkansas in the
other House; but the seats of all the Representa-
tives and Senators from thatState became vacant
in consequence of this act of rebellion and insur-
rection committed by the people of the State of
Arkansas acting in their convention, and that
State shortly afterwards joined the rebel confeder-
acy, arid is now, so far as she has any represent-
atives anywhere abroad, a member of the rebel
confederacy, and as a political community is en-
gaged in open war with the United States of
America.
Is there any doubt about these facts.' None
whatever. The honorable Senator from Ipwa
will not deny one of them.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether they
are true or not, and this Senate does not know
officially that they are true or not. That is the
question we propose to investigate through the
Judiciary Committee. As my friend from Con-
necticut [Mr. Foster] suggests, 1 do not know,
and 1 presume the Senator from Michigan can-
not tell me, whether or not that convention that
assembled in Arkansas was legally called under
the Constitution, and by authority of the old con-
stitution of the State of Arkansas.
Mr. HOWARD. That question is entirely im-
material. Of course it was not called in accord-
ance with the old constitution of the State of Ar-
kansas.
Mr. GRIMES. It may be immaterial in the
Senator's opinion, not in mine.
Mr. HOWARD. It is not in the slightestde-
free material to anybody. Is it'material for the
enate of the United States to institute an in-
quiry into this proposition, whether an ordinance
of secession is a legal ordinance under the con-
stitution of the seceding State?
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the question.
Mr. HOWARD. That was the question put
to me by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. Not at all; but whether the
convention thatassembled in Arkansas assembled
in pursuance of the provisions of their original
or old constitution, the State constitution, or not.
The trouble with the Senator is that he begs all
the questions which I propose to have investi-
gated by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the honorable Senator
from Iowa expect a committee of this Senate to
inquire into the legality of that seceding conven-
tian? And that is the question which he puts to
me now. He seems to intimate that it might have
been legal. 1 take it for granted in limine, without
discussion or inquiry, that such an assemblage
got together for such a purpose was a treasonable
and therefore an illegal and unconstitutional as-
semblage.
Mr. GRIMES. How does the Senate know
for what purpose that convention originally as-
sembled? It may have been called in pursuance
of the old constitution of Arkansas, andmay have
been assembled for a legitimate and constitutional
purpose, but after it assembled it may have been
perverted in its purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I judge of the cliaractcr of
the assembly from the acts which it performed.
I judge the tree by its fruit. If its purpose was
not treasonable, it certainly in its fruits greatly-
departed from the purpose for which it was ori-
ginally called. It is sufficient for my purpose to
know what it actually did, to determine 'lie pur-
pose for which it was called together. I do not
wish to spend any time on a question of that kind.
The next fact in the case is the proclamation of
the President of the United States declaring to the
nation and to the world that this community, once
a State pf the United States, was in a state .of in-
surrection against the lawful authority of the Uni-
ted States; and subsequent proclamations of the
President duly issued prohibited all trade and in-
tercourse between the people of Arkansas and
other portions of the people of the United States,
treating it to all intents and purposes as a belliger-
ent community with which the people of theUni-
ted States were engaged in a defensive war, and
that is all you can make of it. That condition of
things, so far as we know, still endures. There
is the President's proclamation declaring it to be
in a state of hostility. Is that revoked? No, sir;
it is the same that it ever was, and, so far as we
have or can have any information, the state of
war between that community and the Govern-
ment of the United States is still existent.
Now, sir, it is proposed to refer solemnly for a
report from the Judiciary Committee of this body
the question whether a community, a population
engaged in hostilities against the United States, a
population who have been decided to be enemies
of the United States, and so decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, are entitled at
such a time as this and under these circumstances
to be represented in this body or to be recognized
as a-State. Sir, I will spend no time upon a ques-
tion so absurd, so suicidal to the interests of the
United States. Whenever the President of the
United States, the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, who has due authority under acts of Con-
gress,shall see fitforcauses sufficienttoinfluence
him to declare that this state of hostility no longer
exists on the part of the people of Arkansas, it
will be time for me to take the question again into
consideration; and if I find that thatState has
ceased to be belligerent and hostile as a commu-
nity—that it has returned as a body-politic and
corporate to its allegiance to the Government of
the United States—1 shall be among the first to
hail its return to loyalty, to peace, and to har-
mony in the Union; but I shall be very careful to
take the best possible security the circumstances
of the case will afford, and see to it that the cause
of this hostility shall have been extinguished.
Before I agree to receive that hostile community
back into the Union 1 shall take every precaution
that pertains to common prudence that my con-
stituents and my State shall not again be under
the necessity of marching through this sea of
blood and fire for the purpose of vindicating- the
honor of the nation, for the purpose of vindicating
the nationality of the United States and of putting
down this heresy of the right of secession. 1
shall take as good security as the nature of the
case will admit. I will not discuss a question that
involves even indirectly the right of a seceded
SS'*te to claim a seat here or in the other House
of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. WiUthe Senator from
Wisconsin permit me to make just one remark?
The very first paper that will be laid before the
Committee on the Judiciary will be a proclama-
tion of the commanding general of Arkansas de-
claring that the rebellion is so far crushed out in
that State that the people can proceed to organize
a State government—the proclamation of General
Steele.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask my friend from
Kansas whether that is sufficient evidence for him
to act upon in so grave a matter as this? Would
he take the certificate of the general in the field of
the fact that the rebellion had been subdued in a
State ?
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. I understood the Sen-
ator from Michigan to state in his place that when
such evidence as that was produced, when the
military authorities communicated to the Senate
that the rebellion was crushed out, he could begin
to entertain the proposition. 1 say that the com-
mander of the department, General Steele, has
already made such a proclamation in regard to
Arkansas.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator entiiely mis-
understood the observation which he supposed I
made. I certainly never advanced any such idea
as that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Michigan certainly said that when the President
of the United States communicated such inform-
ation it wouid be time for him to act. 1 say the
President of the United States, through Ins sub-
ordinate commander., General Steele, has alremijr
proclaimed that to the world, and proclaimed it
to the people of Arkansas,- and under that proc-
lamation these proceedings were instituted-.
Mr, HOWE. Mr. President, I agrefe with the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator frertl
Maryland, that we had better make haste slowly.
I am afraid we shall fall into some confusion if
we do not. I have a document itt my hand en-
titled " the Constitution; of the United States,"
and here is a clause which reads:
"The Senate of the United States shait be composed of
two Senators from each State chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six years, and eacli Senator shall have one vote."
If that is & genuine document [laughter] and
that is a binding law, it opens up the inquiry
whether the State of Arkansas is-a State of the
Union. I have another document which is en-:
titled " An act for the admission of the State of
Arkansas into the Union, and to provide for the
due execution of the laws of the United States
within the same, and for other purposes." A.
clause in that act reads as follows:
" That the State of Arkansas shall Be one, and is hereby
declared to be one. of the United States of America, and
admitted into the Union on an equal footingwlth the origin-
al States in all respects Whatever, and the said State sriiaTi
consist of all the territory included within die following
boundaries, to wit."
I will not read the boundaries. I suppose the
body which enacted that law had authority to
enact it, and 1 suppose it to be a law to-day which
binds this- Senate and binds the President and
binds each of the agencies and all the authorities
of the U nited States except the law-making power,
unless it has been repealed or abrogated. If it
has been repealed, I ask when, and by whom?
There are those who say it was repealed by the
feople of Arkansas. I think they are mistaken.
think the people of Arkansas cannotrepeal one
of the acts of Congress, and 1 suspect it will not
be seriously contended by anybody on this floor.
There are others who suggest, if they do not say,
that it has been repealed by the President of the
United States. I think they are mistaken also.
I do not believe the President of the United States
can repeal one of these laws. I do not believe
that he has the authority to do it, and what is
more, I do not believe he has attempted to do it.
It is said he issued a proclamation which oper-
ates as a repeal of this statute. I have looked at
the proclamation. I do not think it was intended
to have any such effect, and if so designed the
terms employed were utterly inadequate to effect
any such purpose. He declared, to be sure, that
"the inhabitants of the said States of Georgia,
South Carolina, Virginia, North Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas,
Mississippi, and Florida (except the inhabitants
of that part of the State of Virginia lying west of
the Alleghany mountains, and all such other parts
of that State and the other States hereinbefore
named as may maintain a loyal adhesion to the
Union and the Constitution, or may be from time
to time occupied and controlled by forces of the
United States engaged in the dispersion of said
insurgents,) are in a state of insurrection."
That portion of this proclamation which I have
read does not declare that the people of Arkan-
sas even are in a state of insurrection positively,
but only so far as they are not controlled by the
military forces of the United States. So far as
they are not controlled by those forces he does
proclaim that the people are in a state of insur-
rection against the United States; but what then ?
What if they are in a state of insurrection, the
whole of them, what is the consequence as de-
clared by the President? Simply not that they
are out of the Union, not that they are no longer
in the Union, not that they are no longer entitled
to a representation in this House or the oilier,
not that they aie deprived of the functions of a
State; the President does not declare either.of
these things, but simply that "allcommercial in-
tercourse between the same and the inhabitants
thereof, with the exceptions afoicsaid, and the
citizens of other States and other parts of the
United States is unlawful, and wiil remain un-
lawful." When? u Until such insurrection shall
cease, or has been suppressed." What then?
Why, that "all goods and chattels, wares and
merchandise, coming from any of said States,
with the exceptions aforesaid, into other paitsof
the United States without the special license and
permission of the President, through the Sucre-
