THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
duty. Certainly thatwould bejust.-- We,by im-
posing this additional taxupioria particular arti-
cle, add so ranch to the price. "Would ,it' be just
tojcompel Hie seller, to pay that additional duty?
,• Mr.'JOHNSON.' Thatis what: ,~':-
this resolution
• Mr.DOOLlTTLE. I suggest that there ought
to be a provision in this resolution applying to
a -case where a contract has-been entered into
relieving the seller from the injustice which, it
faiight operate upon: him. But the great majority
of these goods remain in bond without being un-
der any contract of sale.at all. There should be
a provision, however, "to meet the. exceptional
case of such goods as are in bond, and which
those ^who hold them in bond haye entered into
* contract to sell and deliver, on which the duties
have not yet been paid. I.suggest, therefore, if
.the resolution -is.to stand, covering, as I under-
stsmiHt does, goods in bond as well as goods here-
after. to be imported, I had drawn a provision
substantially the same as this British statute, to
meet simply those cases where contracts have
-been entered into to sell and deliver the goods. I
will send the amendment to the Chair; but I be-
lieve it is not now in (Jrder.
. Mr. SUMNER. It would be in order as an
.amendment to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. DQOLITTjLE. Then I will submititasan
amendment to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment of the
.committee simply proposes to insert in the body
of tho resolution certain words exempting the
■goods in warehouse from this increased duty, and
the Senator's amendment could not very well
come in there.
- Mr. DOOLITTLE. The proposition I have
offered is not drawn exactly asan amendment to
.the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ohair
will suggest that it might be added as an addi-
tional proviso to the resolution.
Mri DOOLITTLE. It should be an additional
prevision nothe resolution.
Mr; POMEROY, I rise to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether his amendment
does not look like interfering with a contract? Is
not the purchaser entitled to the benefit of his con-
tract? How can you come in and make the pur-
chaser, the man who has contracted for thegoods,
pay any additional price? If this tariff increases
the value of the goods, is he not entitled to that
increase of value? Must he not have the benefit
of that contract? And yet by the Senator's prop-
osition, Congress is to come in and interfere with
it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We simply take the
Jtnoney which we are putting into his pocket.
Mr. JOHNSON. We do not put it into his
pocket.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly we do.
Mr. POMEROY. Is he not entitled to it by
his contract ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He is not entitled to it.
He contracted with reference to the law as it then
existed, and when we make a new law we ought
to make that law so as to do justice to all paities.
Certainly we ought not to impose the increased
duty on the seller. Suppose the seller has pre-
viously contracted to deliver the goods. Will you
pjace the increased duty on the seller and compel
him to pay it when he docs not get any additional
price from the purchaser?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask the Senator
a question. Would not that be a penalty upon
the purchaser—a penalty enforced by law?
Mr.DOOLlTTLE. I do not understand it so
stall. I understand that a similar provision was
adopted in one of the revenue biils by Congress.
Mr,McDOUGALL. By introducing the Eng-
lish statute here, would you not compel the pur-
chaser in the form of penalty lo pay the additional
price, which would be a penalty over and above
the con!ract price?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly it would.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is very true we compel
him to pay the additional price which we add to
the goods. Who shall pay it? Will you make
the seller pay it?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Would you put it upon
an involuntary purchaser?
. - Mr.JOHNSON. Mr.President,whetherCon-
gress have the powerty impose tins tax isaques-
• tum which I do not propose to consider; but that
there is a contract between the Government and
the importer that the importer should be entitled
to take out his goods on paying the amount of
duties levied at the time they are warehoused is,
I think, clear beyond controversy. The honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin says that there is
no contract because there are no duties to be paid
if the goods are not sold in the United States; it
is a mere offer on the part of the Government to
the importer that if the importer, sells his goods
here he shall pay a certain amount of duty, but
if he does not sell them here he shall pay nothing
except the mere expenses of warehousing. Does
that make any difference when we are consider-
ing the question whether there is a contract be-
tween the parties or not ? The duties are imposed
by an existing statute. The importer imports his
goods into the market to-day under that amount
of duties. He knows what he is to pay, and the
amount that he is to pay upon that importation
is ascertained, and he is directed to give his bond
in a penalty double the amount of that sum.
Having given that bond and having got his goods
into the warehouse, what are his rights as against
the Government, looking now, I mean, to the
mere construction of the law? The language is
clear, as I think. He is to warehouse them and
they are
"There to be kept with due and reasonable care, at the
charge and risk of the owner, importer, consignee, or agent,
and subject at ail times to their order, upon payment of
the proper duties and expenses, to be ascertained on due
entry thereof for waiehousmg, and to be secured by a bond
of the owner, importer, or consignee, with surety or sure-
ties, to the satisfaction the collector, in double the
amount of the said duties, and in such foim as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescnbe."
These bonds are given, and you tell the im-
porter after he has given his bond, " If you will
pay us the amount of duties imposed by the ex-
isting law the goods are yours, and you may
take them out and do with them as you please:
you may reexport them if you think proper,
and get clear of the obligation to pay anything
but the amount of the warehousing expenses;
but beside that you have the alternative of taking
them out and selling them. If you are anxious,
to take them out and sell them, we tell you you
shall do so, provided you will pay us the specific
duty existing at the time of the warehousing and
nothing more." Now the Government come m
and say, "You may give as many orders as
you please, but you shall not take them out. We
have told you that if you will give the order and
pay the duties ascertained now you shall take
them out; but we say now, that notwithstanding
you do give the order and are willing to pay [he
amount of duties imposed by tho existing act
and which forms the principle of your bond, you
shall not take them out unless you will pay some
further sum."
How would it be as between two individuals?
A places his goods in the hands of B for safe-
keeping, and B tells him, or it is a part of the
contract, " If you take yourgoods out at the end
of one month you shall pay me so much; if you
take the goods out at the end of two months,
so much more or so much less; or if you do
not take thern out you shall not pay me any-
thing." Does the existence of these alternatives
of the contract show that there is no contract? !t
is the contract, in this case to do one of two things
on the part of the Government as between the
Government and the importer. It is to let him
reexport hisgoods, if he thinks proper to n export
them, on paying the warehousing expenses, or
to sell the goods, if he thinks proper to sell them,
on paying the specific duty. After that the Gov-
ernment come in and say to the importer, " You
shall not sell them unless you pay an additional
duty.*" With as much propriety could they say
to-the importer, "You shall not reexport them un-
less you pay twice the amount of the expenses."
There can be no difference in principle,asi think
the Senator from Wisconsin will see if he leflects
for a moment. The only question, therefore, is
not a question whether the Government may not
have the power to impose this tax, but whether
they have not told the importer that these goods
shall be subject to no other duty, if he sells them
in the United States, than the duty existing under
the laws in force at the time of the importation.
Sf this was a general tax opera ting equally upon
everybody there could be no objection to it; but
that is not the case with this tax. You are not
charging these goods an ad valorem tax in com-
mon with all the other goods of the same de-
scription in the country. You are saying to the
petrticularowneroftheseparticulargoods," Other
goods of a like kind belonging to other people are
not to be taxed; but these goods belonging to you
are to be taxed, although we have told you, on
taking your bond as security that you will com*
ply with your part of the contract," that you will
not be taxed one dollar more than the laws in
force at the time the goods were imported."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proposition sug-
gested by the Senator from Wisconsin was un-
der consideration by the Committee on Finance.
They considered it several times and at some
length, and they came to the conclusion on the
whole that although this measure might operate
hardly in some particular cases, the proposition
now suggested would be introducing a new feat-
ure into our revenue laws. The Senator from
Wisconsin is mistaken m supposing that it has
ever been introduced into the tarifflaws. In the
internal revenue law which was passed a couple
of years ago we inserted a provision with regard
to leases of coal lands in Pennsylvania some-
what of this description, leaving some sort of an
option, I believe—I do not remember the exact
terms—so that the party could take the lease at
the rate proposed or not. That was the first in-
stance and it is the only instance that I am aware
of in our legislative history where that has oc-
curred. 1 am told that in the new revenue bill
whicji is now under discussion in the House of
Representatives there is a provision similar to
that which has been proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin and probably drawn from the
English law on the subject. 1 do not know but
the policy would be a good one to be adopted if
it was properly matured; and there is an appar-
ent equity about it. This change of the duty
does operate hardly in some cases. Itnotun-
frequently happens that a party sells goods yet
to arrive, predicating his sales upon the existing
laws as they stand with reference to imports,and
if an additional duty is imposed meanwhile, tho
loss falls on the seller. It is a matter well wot-
thy of serious consideration how far H would be
advisable to go and what provision it would be
advisable to make with reference to such cases.
The Committee on Finance came to the con-
clusion, however, on the whole, that if this pro-
posed tariff was reduced to thirty-three and a
third per cent., and the goods in bonded ware-
houses and public stores were exempted, as that
would cover the great majority of cases, we might
perhaps with propriety, not on a measure of this
kind, introduce as a commencement the provision
which has been suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. It was considered very
carefully and extensively by the committee, and
they deliberately concluded that on the whole it
was best not to put it on this resolution as it
stood, with the amendments of the committee.
It will be for the Senate to judge whether it is
i advisable by way of amendment,to add it to the
' resolution. The Senator does not seem to be ex-
actly certain about it himself. 1 suggest to him
that the proper place to put it as it stands would
be in lieu of the proviso now in the bill, which
the Committee on Finance propose to strike out
entirely.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now before the Senate is on the amendment of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that is the principal
question, I cali for tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say but one
word upon this question, i think the principle
involved in the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance was recognized by the Smate
some three or four weeks ago after Very full dis-
cussion, and the Senate very firmly adhered toits
positionm opposition lo the opposite position as-
sumed by the House of Representatives; and that
was when the liquor tax bill was before the Sen-
ate. ft was very plausibly argued at that time
that if we increased the tax on iiquor thereafter
to be manufactured from twenty to sixty cents,
it would increase the price of that then in the
market. The Senate said we hud noihing to do
with that; the liquor in the mtuket had already
paid its tax; and therefore, although the holders
