1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
reasonable certainty that he could get this money
for five per cent., would not be willing so to get
it? The inference is obvious that the Secretary
of the Treasury does not feel entirely satisfied
that he can negotiate this loan for less than six
Eer cent. But the Senator assumes that he can.
[e says substantially that he must, or he shall
not give any more. That the rate is fixed at six
per cent, would seem to prove satisfactorily the
conviction of the Secretary that he can get it for
six percent., founded, too,on previousexperience
where our loans have been negotiated on such
terms; or, at any rate, if he could not get it for
that he might be able to sell it under par. I do
not know that he would be authorized to do so,
however, under this bill.
Now, let me say a word with regard to the avid-
ity with which this five-twenty loan was taken.
How long was it before it could be negotiated at
all? Why,sir, it remained in the marketformore
than a year with but a few millions sold. It was
not till theadjournmentof the last session ofCon-
gress that this loan took a start,-owing probably
to many considerations which I will not now enu-
merate. From the different situation of things
in the country and other considerations, the loan
took a start and went on and was taken up. But
does the Senator know how long that avidity will
continue?
The Senator will remark that it finally took its
start after lingering for more than a year, in spite
of the efforts of the men with whom he acts all
over the country to keep it down and to cry it
down. They told the people that the Govern-
ment was not entitled to any credit. 1 know,and
I presume he knows, that the men with whom he
acts through this country made a general effort
to decry the credit of the Government anywhere
and everywhere, and to prevent that loan being
sold at all. But in spite of all their efforts, the
people at last aroused and it was taken; and now
the Senator makes use of that fact to convince the
Senate and the country that we should not allow
even the ordinary margin which has always been
taken within which to procure a loan. Sir, I
know that such an argument can have no effect
in the Senate, whatever it may have elsewhere.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should not have in-
dulged in another word in this debate, for I have
expressed my views on the amendment which I
have offered in good faith, were it not for the last
suggestion of the Senator from Maine. He has
said to the Senate that the last loan was taken and
public confidence grew up in respect to it not-
withstanding the efforts of the men in the country
with whom I act politically to beat down public
confidence with regard to that loan. Sir, 1 have
not said anything in this debate to call for any
such suggestion from the Senator; and with great
respect to him personally, I think that part of his
argument is not worthy the position he holds in
the Senate. 1 know of no effort on my own part
and of no efforton the partof the public men with
whom I act as a party man to destroy the confi-
dence of the people in the Government securities.
Public confidence in those securities depends very
much on our military operations, and the confi-
dence in that loan was inspired more by the suc-
cesses of our army upon the Mississippi and the
Cumberland than by any political speeches, and
the Senator ought to know it. After the \ictories
of July last, the confidence of the public in the
Government securities went up, very naturally.
And now as the Senator claims that the rebellion
is upon its last legs, why is it that he says the
confidence m the public securities is not greater
to-day than it was even at that hour? As the
hour approaches, in the opinion of the Senator, at
which the rebellion will cease to have power to
resist the authority of the Government, the con- i
fidencein the Government securities is to go down, j
at least not to increase. Sir, the success of our |
armies has given this confidence, and no efforts of i
political parties in the country.
I am very sorry that upon a question that af- j
fecis only the tax-payers of the country, the Sen- !
tor should have deemed it necessary to go into ,
any political discussion. I do notintendto be led i
into it even by the chairman of the Committee on !
Finance \
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Indinna.
The amendment warf rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not make myself un-
derstood when i called the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to the differ-
ence between this bill and the act to which it is
an amendment. The point was not in regard to
the payment of the interest in coin; but the act
to which this is an amendment, the act of March
3, 1863, states specifically that the principal is to
be paid in coin. That pro vision is left outofthis
bill. In the original act it reads,(* not less than
ten nor more than forty years from date, in coin,
of such denominations, not less than fifty dollars,
as he may deem expedient." This bill says,
" not less than five years, and payable atany pe-
riod not more than forty years from date, and of
such denominations as may be found expedient."
The words "in coin," which are in the original
act, are left out of this bill. I do not know that
it makesa'ny practical difference,but I think itis
desirable to make this bill conform to the original
act, as it may make some difference in regard to
the taking of the loan, as capitalists are always
very sensitive.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is this an amendment to the
original bill?
Mr. ANTHONY Yes, sir; it repeats the lan-
guage of the original bill, but leaves out the words
" in coin."
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is supplementary
to the act of lb(53 and in lieu of a portion of it. I
do not think it will make any difference; but
tnose words were not intentionally left out.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ought they not to be put
in? I submit that it will be of some importance
in taking the loan.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no doubt that the trde
construction of the act would be, however, that
the principal is to be paid in coin also. How-
ever, differences of opinion exist on that point in
the country, and I suggest to the chairman that
it would be better to add those words.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think the words
about paying the principal in coin are of any con-
sequence in either bill, but I think they ought to
be alike; and the omission of those two words
may make'Capitalists imagine that there is a dif-
ference between the two loans.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has the Senator the ori-
ginal act before him?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOSTER. The expression "in coin" is
in this bill in regard to the interest and not in re-
gard to the principal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator has any
doubt about it, I shall not make any objection to
the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move, after the word
date," in the thirteenth line of the firstsection,
to insert the words " in coin."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is unnecessary;
but still I have no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, after the enacting clause,
and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of the Treasmy is hereby authorized
to issue bonds, redeemable alter five ycais and payable
tw enty yeais front date, for $11,000,000; the bonds mi to be
issued to be disposed of to the iuahest bidder or bidders,
but at not le&s than par. after due notice tliereof has been
given by the SecietJuy of the Treasuiy ; and the bonds to
to be i-!sued ?ha!I have the ssame force and effect as il issued
i uuder the pioviMons of the act to authorize the issue of
' United Stares notes, and for other puiposes, appioved Feb-
ruary 26, 1862.
The object of the amendment is to issue a suf-
ficient number of bonds to cover the amount of
money stated by the Senator from Ohio to have
i been paid in excess. I have moved to strikeout
j the second section of the bill because I am not
! willing that any larger amount of bonds than au-
thorized by law should be issued at the present
time unless at the present market price. That is
the object of the amendment that I now offer. It
may not be m all its forms correct. I have writ-
ten it m some haste.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator
from New Yoik this practical difficulty: he de-
sires to provide a fund from the sale of these
bonds to pay back to the surplus subscribers to
the five-twenty loan the amount they have paid
in. I understand thatis the purpose of hisamend-
meiU. Now a m impossible lor any one to de-
termine who are entitled to the last of the five-
twenty loan. The subscriptions,as I said before,
were made at twenty-five hundred differentagen*
cies at different dates. The yery day the Secre-
tary of the Treasury knew that the loan was
taken he stopped, by telegraph, this whoJe ma-
chinery; but the loan became so valuable and so
desirable the last two or three days that it was
open that it was subscribed for to the excess of
$11,000,000. It is impossible for him to designate
who are the subscribers of the last ยง11,000,000.
Shall he take the date of subscription as final and
conclusive? If so, then probably on a given date
there were $6,000,000 subscribed. Part of this
would come within the ยง500,000,000 and a part
would fall outside of the #500,000,000. Who
are within and who are without? What hour of
the day shall he fix when the $500,000,000 was
exhausted? What time in the day? Six million
dollars were subscribed on a given day, part of
it before the loan was exhausted and a part of it
afterwards. How can he designate who sub-
scribed before and who after the time?
Take another case. A portion of this loan was
subscribed in St. Louis, and a portion in Cincin-
nati. By the ordinary course of the mails three
days were consumed before notice of that sub-
scription and payment of the money into the sub-
Treasury there cameto Washington. The money
would be paid into the United States depository 4
at Cincinnati or St. Louis. It would be trans-
mitted by ordinary course of mail to Philadelphia
or to Washington, occupying three or four days'
time. Will you cut off these subscribers from
the benefits of the loan merely because they were
at too remote distances from theGovernmentand
the Government had not notice of the amount sub-
scribed by them? How can you do so justly?
They subscribed and paid in their money in good
faith. There is no loss to the Government in car-
rying out this contract. The Government was
very anxious to make this loan. The loan hung
upon the money market for six or eight months
and only $10,000,000 were subscribed. It was
only after this system of private associated agen-
cies was organized and thoroughly spread over
the country that this loan became popular, and
the peopleof the country subscribed to it. It has
been said in the public prints that $64,000,000 of
this loan were taken in the State of Ohio. Whether
that is correct or not I do not know. It seems
to be a very large sum; but a very large amount
of it was subscribed there by farmers and me-
chanics in small sums, from fifty to one thousand
dollars.
The amendment of the Senator from New York
would make it perfectly impossible to tell who
was entitled to the remnant of the $500,000,000
loan, and who fell beyond. It seems to me it is
fairer and better to give to these men, who before
notice was given of the expiration of this loan
carne forward and paid their money, the bonds in
accordance with law, rather than to attempt to
save a little money and retain from them what
they are fairly entitled to, and thus make trouble
and "confusion worse confounded." It will be
impossible, as the Senator must perceive, to sep-
arate those who are Entitled to this loan and who
came within the $500,000,000, and those who sub-
scribed afterwards.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a suggestion
to the Senate, and particularly to the Senator from
New York, in regard to the faith of the Govern-
ment about this loan; and I desire that Senators
should keep in mind the time at which the trans-
action was entered into, which was, I think, some
time in the month of October or November. 1 do
not now remember the precise day when the sub-
scription was concluded.
Mr.SHERMAN. In January.
Mr. CLARK. I think it was in January. At
the time this money was subscribed for these
bonds, when the Government took the money,
this loan was not at par; it bore no premium.
The Government had asked its citizens to sub-
scribe for the loan, and they took the loan at par.
I desire Senators to keep fully in mind that that
was the time at which the obligation of the Gov-
ernment acciued to the men who subscribed for
the fulfillment of that contract. It was in Jan-
| uary when the money was subscribed and when
the loan was not at par that the Government un-
dertook to take the money and deliver these bonds,
i Now heie is the point. The bond is now ut a
