1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Cowan. Drivu^j Fessenden.Foot, Foster, Ilendeisou, H end-
ric ks, Johnson, McDougaii, Moigan, Powell, Riddle, Ten
Eyck,Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
NAYS—Me.-srs. Anthony, Chandler, Connes*?, DooHtdc,
Gumes, Hale, Harlan, Ilowaid, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Lano of Kansas, Nupmith, Ponwioy, Ram<ey, Sherman,
Spjasruc, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That printing paper unsized, used for books and
newspaper exclusively, &hall be exempt from the operation
of tills icvolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no occa-
sion to send the resolution back to the House
of Representatives. Let us finish it to-night by
taking it just as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg to suggest that as
the Senate have now refused to concur in either
of those amendments, it will be absolutely ne-
cessary, unless you do gross injustice, to put on
some amendment like that proposed by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] There
is a disposition to put on such a provision there,
as I understand; but if we concur in the resolu-
tion just as theysent it here, it will beimpossible
to do that. I hope, therefore, this proviso will
be left out and such a clause as that inserted in
its place.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the Senate
adjourn. [" Oh no.'M
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senate to let
us dispose of the subject to-night.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, i ask for the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 voted for this amend-
ment, and I concurred in it in committee; but it
is a small matter; the duties on paper imported
will be but very slight, and I would not delay this
resolution a day by sending it back to the House
of Representatives on that account.
Mr. CONNESS. And besides, it is a matter
that will soon be corrected.
Mr. FOSTER. I am willing to withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call can
only be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
put on a provision like that suggested by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Several Senators. It can be moved after-
wards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it be moved as an ad-
dition and be adopted, the resolution must then
go back to the House of Representatives. -Ihope,
therefoie, the Senate will adhere to us position
m regard to tins matter and leave olF this proviso.
[" No, no.'*] We will try it. I ask for the yeas
and nays on striking out the proviso.
The PRESIDENT pro ton-pore. The yeas and
nays have been oidored.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEA^—Mcssis. Anthony-, Cathie, Cl.nk, Collam^r,
Cow,m, F'J«sendfn, Foster, Grimes, llander&on, Johnson.
Moia;an',Teu L>ek, and Van Winkle—I J.
NTA\'o—Uuclcihnv, ('handlor, Connors, Doo-
little, Foot, Hale. [J.irhm, flenduek-. llovvaul, Howe,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan<-a^, MeDougaii. Ne^nutli,
Ponioroy. Powt'll, Ram>ey, Kiddie-, Sherman, fcSpragne,
Sumner, Wilkinson, Wilh y, and Wilton—24.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer the following
amendment &s a proviso:
Jlnd proi Med/tulher, That in c:w'« where contracts or
agif-emenis- may have boon made lor the sale or delivery of
tome o! the goods, \v<ao\ and ineiehandise now in the pub-
lic More-* oMjonded warehouse, ot tm hlnpboaid in course
o! importation, winch uieie;i-{ d or additional dfilie> die
by tin- art imposed, winch eontjnet&oi o^ieemeiih- may
haw, been made with no lvfeience to &ucif additional du-
ll' cv eiy pi r-on who shall have made or onuued into such
coiiiiactoi aj.'H''inent shall he and is hereby authorized
and empovvi ted u> add so much money ns will be equiva-
1< lit to the uu-teavd oi addiuonal dun hercbj impof-ed to
Uie piice uk-m <>(, and s.Uaii bo entitled to sue for and tv~
euver the .-.unc aeeonhngiy.
Mi. JOHNSON. I should like to know what
pnwci Congress has to adopt any provision of
that soil. Paihanient does it because Parliament
is omnipotent; bur how the Congress of the
United {Stales can make a contract between two
indu ulnais is more than 1 can comprehend. The
amendment supposes that impotters have eon-
tra< ted lo sell the goods in bond or on shipboard
for a certain price. The contract, therefore, is a
contract between those two parties for that price;
the purchaser is entitled to his goods upon pay-
ing that money; and now we propose to say that
the purchaser shall not be entitled to the goods
on payment of that money, bu£ he shall pay so
much more. If we can do it to the extent of
fifty per cent, of the duties paid we can do it to
any extent. If we want, as we do want, to raise
money, why can we not say that he shall pay
one hundred per cent., two hundred per cent.?
The honorable member is mistaken, as I
think, in applying analogically, so to speak, legis-
lation of this sort in England to our institutions.
We are governed by a Constitution -which gives
to us only certain delegated powers. The au-
thority of the Parliament is supreme. 'As it has
been said, they can do anything but make a man
a woman or a woman a man. But I should like
to know of the Senate under what one of the
powers conferred upon this Government the Con-
gress of the United States has the authority to
alter a contract entered into between individual
citizens.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not take up the
time of the Senate by going into a discussion
of this question. My own opinion is very clear
that while to the States certain things, are forbid-
den by the Constitution of the United States, very
large powers are expressly«given to this Govern-
ment over the whole subject of contracts. We
are authorized, if we please, to make a uniform
law of bankruptcy, absolving men from their con-
tracts. We are authorized to coin money and
regulate the value thereof, which' is to be the stand-
ard in which debts are to be paid. We have as-
sumed the power to make our notes legal tender
•instead of com, which the governments of the
States cannot do. Over this whole question of
contract we have power, i speak of power, not
of what we may rightfully do. It is a question
addressed to the conscience of the Government
as to what we ought to do under given circum-
stances, not a question of constitutional power,
for [ do not see the difficulty there.
I say on this particular matter as to contracts,
this Government is clothed with a power that the
State governments do not possess. The State
governments cannot passa bankrupt law that will
release men from their contracts, and this Gov-
ernment can. That is the difference; but I will
not take up the time of the Senate. For my part,
I think there ought to be some provision of this
kind; but if the Senate refuses to adopt it, so far
as my own conscience is concerned, I am clear.
Mr. COWAN. I hope this amendment will
be voted down in order that the resolution now
may be passed without having to go back to the
House of Representatives. L think that as far
as any legislative body ought to go in the direc-
tion of tins amendment would be to compel the
purchaser to pay the additional duty in case he
insisted on the specific performance of the con-
tract; and that I take to be the law. If the pur-
chaser comes to the vender and says, " I insist
that you shall specifically perform that contract
and deliver me the goods as you contracted to
do," the vender ought to have the right to say,
" i will do so if you pay the additional tax;"but
if the purchaser refuses to pay the tax, the con-
tract ought to be taken as rescinded. That would
be fair, but this would be eminently unjust.
Mr. POOL1TTLE. It is exercising the same
power precisely.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think there is a little
mistake on the part of the Senator from Mary-
land , and somewhat of a mistake on the part of
the Senator from Wisconsin. This is undoubt-
edly a question of 'power, the power to make be-
tween two citizens a contract to which they have
never consented; and 1 believe that m no book I
have read has it ever been said that a conhact
could be made without a subject-matter and two
contracting parties. But power being sufficient
can accomplish anything. The power of the
Almighty set in motion the vast machinery of the
universe. What the powerof the Federal Con-
gress is might be a matter of discussion. I do
not think they have the power to make a contract
between two parlies who do noiconscntas to the
subject-matter of the contract; but there is u power
here, and in that the Senator from Wisconsin is
right, there is the military power, and some say
that military p^v/er is the Government, and
through the machinery and 'the force that they
exert they may carry this  ut', btft H cannot be
done by any form of law known to legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the "yeas -aiwi
nays on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
The yeas and nays .were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yea's 4, nays.33j as follows: "
YEAS—Messrs. Doolittle, Fessend«n,.Grimes, and Yap
Winkle—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalefr, Carlile, Chandter,
Clark, Oollamer, Couness, Cowan, Foot, -Poster, Hale,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,-Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MelKwgall, Morgan,
Nesmith, l'omeroy, Powell, fcamsev, Kiddle, Sherman,
Bprague, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wilkinson, Willey, and
Wilson—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was read the third time.
Mr. Powell and Mr. Ten Eyck rose.
Mr. POWELL. J ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution. ["Oh no.*'] .
Mr. TEN EYCK. I aniinfavorof the resolu-
tion, but having voted for the amendments, all of
which have been rejected, I rose to call for the
yeas and nays that 1 might record my vote on
the resolution itself.
The yeas and nays were ordered; an& being
taken, resulted—yeq^ 30, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile,Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Comiess. Cowan, Doolittle, Foot, Fpster, Grimes,
Hale, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson~30.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Fcssenden, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, MeDougaii, Powell, and Riddle—8.
So the joint resolution was passed.
INSPECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the-
Senate the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 66) to increase the com-
pensation of inspectors of customs in certain ports.
The amendment, which was to add to the bill4 4 but
the increase hereby authorized shall not extend
beyond July 1, 1865," was concurred in.
HOU8J3 BILL REFERRED,
The joint resolution (No. 6&) for the payment
of volunteers called out for notless thano«e hun-
dred days was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to take up the
bank bill for the purpose of keeping its place on
the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, That bill is
now before the Senate, having been laid aside
temporarily for the consideration of the joint res-
olution just disposed of.
Mr. fiUCKALEW. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jpril 28, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Chaining.
Pile Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Hous^ a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, recommending the payment
to the New York Indians of $1,641 70 under the
treaty of January, 1838; which was ordered to be
printed, and referied to the Committee of Ways
and Means,w
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. BA1LY, the Committee of
Claims were discharged from the further.consid-
eration of the application of ciffeens of Wrights-
viile, Pennsylvania, in reference to damages sus-
tained during the rebel raid m the summer of
1863; and the petitioners were allowed to with-
draw their petition and documents.
INSTRUCTION IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the District of Columbia,
reported back a bill (S. No. 26) to provideforthe
public instruction of the youth m primary schools
