1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
partment—^-the War Department denying abso-
lutely that any promise had been made to the
Massachusetts colored soldiers, and the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts asserting absolutely that
a promise had been made. The report we have
made obviates ali question of veracity between
them.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Am I right in supposing
that colored persons not free in 1861, who have
enlisted, are prohibited from receiving full pay?
Mr. STEVENS. We leave them to the law,
■without saying a word about it. There may be
a difference between the two cases. The law
may be construed differently in regard to the
"contrabands."
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is an amendment in or-
der ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The.question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 58, not voting 52; as
follows:
YEAS—^Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Buily, Baxter, Beauian, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Boyd,
Brandegee, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Thomas T. Davis,
Dixon, Donnelly, Drlggs, Eckley, Pen ton, Frank, Garfield,
Iligby, Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Asabel VV. Hubbard, John H.
Tiubbftrd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Keller, Liulejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhoad, Morrill, Daniel
. Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill,Orth, Patterson, I'erbam, Pike, Price, John H. Rice,
Scofickl, Shannon, Smith, Srmthers, Spalding. Starr, Ste-
vens, Thayer, Thomas, Tracv, Up^on, Van Valkenburgh,
VVeb>ter, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—71.
NAYS—Me^r5?. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John JL>. Baldwin, Bliss, Boutweli,
James S. Brown, Chattier, Cox, Cravens, Henry Winter Da-
vis, Dawes, Dawson, Denteon, Eden, Edgerton, Eldrldge,
Eliot, Fmek, Ganson, Gooch, Gnder, Harding, Harrington,
Chatles M. Harris, Ilerrick, Hohnan, Hutchms, Kalb-
fleisch, Kernan, King,Law, Le Blond, Marcy,McDowell,
MoKtmiey, William H. Miller, JamesR. Morris, Morrison,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Radford, Alexander H. Rice,
Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, JolmB. Steele, William
G. Steel*-, Stiles, Stiouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsvvorth,
Wheeler. Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, {tad Fer-
nando Wood—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Brooks, Broomall,
William G. Biown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Coffroth, Cole,
Creswei!,Demmg, Dumont, Enghbh, Farnsworth,GrinneH,
Gtibwold, Hale, Hall, OenjaminG. Harris,Hulbu/d,Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kassou, Oilando Kellogg,
Knnpp, Lazear, Long,Mullory, McAllister,MoBride, Mid-
dteton, Nelson. Noble, Odell, Perry, Pomeroy, Pruyn,
Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Rogers, Edward
II. UoMin6-, Schenckv Scott, Sloan, Stebbms, Voorhecs,
Wrud. Elihu B.Wa^hburne, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Wmfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—52.
So the report was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. STROUSE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Randall, had been called home by the serious
indisposition of his brother.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that'the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The call of committees for reports having been
concluded, the House proceeded, as the regular
order of business during the remainder of the
morning hour, to the call of States forresolutions.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. ASHLEY introduced the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be instructed to
inquire into and report at an early day upon the expedi-
ency of amending the rules of the House, so that on and
after the passage ot a joint resolution for the adjournment
of Congress, no motion tor more delay shall be in order
after the previous question shall have been seconded on
any bill or ponding resolution before the House, except to
lay on the table, to postpone to a day certain, to postpone
indefinitely, to reconsider the vote by which the main
que-tion was ordered, and to adjourn; which motions it
fchall not be in order to repeat until after the pending bill
or resolution shall have been voted upon.
Mr. COX. I propose to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes over, un-
der the rule.
COMMUTATION OF MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr. SCHENCK, in pursuance of previous no-
tico, introduced a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," and of theseveral
acts amendatory thereof, and upon it called the
previous question.
The bill was read. It repeals all acts that pro-
vide for a commutation of money to be paid by
persons enrolled or drafted for military service in
lieu of actually rendering such military service,
and provides that hereafter no payment of money
shall be accepted or received by the Government
to release any enrolled or grafted man from obli-
gation to perform military duty.
Mr. H.OLMAN. Is this bill regularly before
the House?
The SPEAKER. It is. Whenever resolutions
are in order bills on leave may be introduced un-
der rule 115, which will be read.
The rule was read, as follows:
"Every bill shall be introduced on the report of a com-
mittee, or by motion for leave. In the latter case, at least
one day's notice shall be given of the motion in the House,
or by filing a memorandum thereof with the Clerk, and
having it entered on the Journal; and the motion shall be
made, and the bill introduced, if leave is given when reso-
lutions are called for; such motion or the bill when intro-
duced may be committed."
The SPEAKER. The State of Ohio was called
for resolutions, and under that call the gentleman'
from Ohio introduced the bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Has notice been
given?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
stated that fie gave notice.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have given notice.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. If it has been
given it will be upon the Journal, and I ask if it
is on the Journal. I make the point of order,
that as all notices of that kind can be proven by
the Journal of the House, and by that alone, that
the word of a member cannot be taken.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman need not
trouble himself, for I appeal to the record myself.
The SPEAKER. On what day did the gen-
tleman give the notice?
Mr. SCHENCK. One day last week.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I do not doubt
the gentleman's word at all, but I insist that his
word has nothing to do with the matter. The
proof must be on the record.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
record consulted; but the usual custom of the
Chair has been, when any gentleman statesafact
in his knowledge, to accept it as conclusive.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I do not doubt
the gentleman's "word in any manner,but the no-
tice should be upon the record, and I ask the gen-
tleman if he states that this notice went upon the
record.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot answer to any-
thing except that I handed in the notice in my
own handwriting, and therefore I appeal to the
record.
Mr. STEVENS. That the notice was given
I have no doubt. Was the previous question
called ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry for that. '
The SPEAKER. If the previous question was
not called, it would go overif any gentleman rose
tt> debate it. The Chair would ask the gentle-
men from Ohio and Wisconsin whether they de-
sire that the Chair shall change his custom in
reference to accepting the statement of members?
Mr. COX. This differs somewhat from the
usual cases, and we are entitled to the record
proof.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I do not object
to the general practice of the Speaker, but inas-
much as the rules require that the notice shall be
on the record, and inasmuch as there is an at-
tempt here to change the fundamental law of en-
rollment without the slightest chance to debate
it, I object in this instance.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to the gentleman's
arguing this matter upon a point of order.
The" SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and business will be suspended
until the record is consulted.
Mr, BROWN, of Wisconsin. I will withdraw
my cull for the record.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to allow mu to offer an amendment to
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, if he is willing to ac-
cept the statement of the Chair, what will confirm
the statement of the gentleman from Ohio. The
gentleman from Ohio came to the Chair and In-
quired if he gave notice of a bill he coulel intro
duce it upon a call of the States for resolutions.
The Chair stated that lie could do so., xhe gen-'
tleman from Ohio then replied that he would give
notice of a bill, and the Chair supposes. Uvalde
carried out his intention. " .
Mr. COX. 1 rise to a point of order. The
previous question could not be called by the gen-
tleman from Ohio until the question of the right
to introduce the bill had been settled. Before it
was settled I proposed to debate the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin withdrew the demand for ttie record.
Mr. COX. That was after I proposed to de-
bate it.
The SPEAKER. [The gentleman from Ohio
is too familiar with the rules not to know that
after the previous question is demanded a gentle*
man cannot rise to debate a proposition.
Mr. HARDING-. I rise \o a question of or-
der. We want the production of the record.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky makes the objection too late. 1
The House divided on seconding the previous
question; and there were—ayes 45, noes 60,.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HOLM AN rising to debate pie bill, it
went over under the rule.
V TREATY OF 1817.
Mr. SPALDING asked leave to introduce a
joint resolution in relation to the treaty of 1817.
The SPEAKER. Has notice of the introduc-
tion of this joint resolution been given?
Mr. SPALDING. No notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. Then its introduction is not
in order under this call.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it not in order to intro-
duce it for reference?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes there
will be no objection.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ELECTORAL VOTE OF REBEL STATES.
Mr. GARFIELD asked leave to introduce a
joint resolution on the subject of electors for the
Presidency of the United States.
The resolution was read. It resolve's that no
State declared to be in rebellion by proclamation
of the President is entitled to appoint electors of
President or Vice President, and that no electoral
vote from any such State shall be received -or
counted until both Houses of Congress, by con-
current action, shall have recognized a State gov-
ernment in such State
The SPEAKER. Has notice been given of
this joint resolution?
Mr. GARFIELD. It has not been.
The SPEAKER. Then it is not in order un-
der this call.
Mr. COX. There is no objection on this side
of the House.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced and read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD moved the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tlio
main question ordered; and under its operation
the joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and' read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD moved the previous question
on its passage.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main-question ordered.
Mr. KcKlNNEY. Is it in order to inquire
whether Mr. Johnson could be a candidate for the
Yice Presidency under that rule ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make
the inquiry.
Mr. BLAINE. Is it too late now to raise a point
of order? . „
The SPEAKER. It is entirely too late."The
joint resolution has received its third reading, and
the main question has been ordered on its pas-
sage.
Mr. BLAINE, as the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the House has
ordered the main question to be now put.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to lay the joint reso-
