1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit thefollowing resolution:
Whereas the Navy Department on the 28th day of July,
1852, entered into contract with Captain John Eticssori,
of the city of N<nv York, for the construction of two im-
pregnable floating batteties. the Dictator and the Puiitan;
and wheieas experience with a similar class of vessels in
actual conflict and during a varied service of more than
two years has demonstrated that many improvements could
be made to render them more complete and efficient as ves-
sels of war; and whereas these improvements have added
largely to the cost of construction of each of these vessels,
mulcting it impossible for the contractor to complete them
under existing arrangements; and whereas it is of the ut-
most importance to the honor and interests of the country
that tliey should he finished and ready for service at the
earliest moment: Therefoie,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America, That the Secretary of the
Navy be', and he is hereby, authorized to amend the ex-
isting contract for the construction of these vessels so far
as it relates to the Puritan, and to appoint a competent
board to ascertain the present value, as far as completed,
of that vessel, and of the material on hand deemed actually
necessary to her construction, and to pay to Captain John
Ericsson, the contiactor, the amount of valuation so as-
certained, deducting therefrom any sums already advanced
toward the completion of said vessel; and that upon said
payment being made by the Secretary of the Navy the
rights of the contractor to said vessel and maseiial or any
poition thereof shall cease and be vested wholly and abso-
lutely in the United States, which shall thenceforth pro-
ceed to complete said vessel under such airangcments as
may be deemed most advantageous: Provided, however,
That nothing herein contained shall in any manner affect
the contract for the construction of the Dictator, which
shall be completed by said contractor upon th« same terms
and conditions as if this resolution had not been passed:
Jlnd provided further, That no action shall be had under
this resolution until s>aid contractor shall have signified to
the Secretary of the Navy in writing his acceptance of its
provisions, and his willingness to superintend to completion
the construction ot the Puritan: Provided further, That
this resolution shall not take effect until the completion
and delivery of the Dictatoi.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved that the
rules be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not now in
order.
SUPERANNUATED FUND SOCIETY.
Mr. WEBSTER, by unanimous consent,
moved to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 293, to empower the Superannuated Fund
Society of the Maryland Annual Conference to
hold property in the District of Columbia, and
to take a devise under the will of the late Williaih
Doughty.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was taken up and read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill recites that William Doughty, of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, by his
last will, bearing date on the 29th of April, 1859,
duly admitted to probate, devised and bequeathed
certain real and personal property and estate—
part thereof to take effect at his death, and the
residue at the death or marriage of his widow—
to a society incorporated by act of the General
Assembly of Maryland by the name of the Su- ]
perannuated Fund Society of the Maryland
Annual Conference, and called in the will the
Superannuated Fund Society of the Methodist
Protestant Church for the District of Maryland;
and as it has been questioned whether the cor-
poration can lawfully take and hold the property,
in virtue of the last will, without the leave and
assent of Congress, it gives the assent of Con-
gress to all such devises and bequests to the Su-
perannuated Fund Society of the Maryland An-
nual Conference, and authorizes and empowers
the society and body corporate to take and hold
the property and estate devised and bequeathed
to it, agreeably to the tenor and provisions of the
last will, and to dispose of and enjoy the same
to every intent and effect as if the society had
been originally incorporated by act of Congress.
The second section empowers the corporation to
hold real and personal property located in the
District of Columbia, acquired or that shall be
acquired by gift, purchase, devise, or bequest,
and the same enjo^', rent, lease, or convey, at
pleasure, as freely as any person or body corpo-
rate can do, provided the net yearly income thereof
shall not exceed $20,000.
The bill was ordered to bo read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. FINCK. J ask unanimous consent to
change my vote from the affirmative to the nega-
tive on the motion to lay upon the table the reso-
lution to pay contestants on Saturday last. ■
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
MEMBER EXCUSED.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I have been
absent several days on account of sickness, and
I ask that I be excused for non-attendance.
Mr. Miller, of Pennsylvania, was accordingly'
excused.
REPEAL OF THE FUGITIVE SLATE LAW—AGAIN.'
Mr. MORRIS, of Now York. I do not yield
any further. I ask that the agreement be that
we shall take the vote at four o'clock this afternoon
on House bill No. 512, to repeal the fugitive
slave act of 1850, and all acts and parts of acts
for the rendition of fugitive slaves.
Mr. COX. We cannot tell until then.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that the discussion
go on to-day, and that,the vote be taken to-mor-
row at half-past twelve o'clock.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Unless there is
some understanding, I shall have to call for the
previous question after reasonable discussion has
been had. We do not want more than twenty
minutes on this side of the House.
I will suggest further, that if any number of
gentlemen desire to speak, I will move that there
be an evening session to enable them to be heard
upon this question.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I object to any arrange-
ment.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman from
New Yoi k that there has been no debate yet upon
this subject.
TRADE WITH REBELLIOUS DISTRICTS.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resoh-ci, That in the opinion of tins House all permits
heretofore issued by the Treastuy Department to any per-
son oi persons allowing such per-on oi per.-ons to trade
within the limits ol any of the Stales now or heretnfoie in
rebellion should at once be revoked and no more issued.
Mr. STROUSE objected.
REPEAL OF THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW AGAIN.
Mr. KING.. Mr. Speaker, the report and bill
of the honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Morris] propose to repeal the act of 12th Feb-
ruary, 1793, usually called the fugitive slave law.
This law was passed in pursuance of and with
the view more effectually to secure to the citizen
his rights guarantied to him by the second clause
of the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, and which is as follows:
" No person held to service or labor in one State, -under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or legulation thoiem, be discharged
li-om suell service or laboi, but shall ha delivered up on claim
of the party to whom such service or labor may he due."
This clause was the result of one of the many
compromises which brought about the adoption
of the Constitution.
In submitting the few remarks which I intend
at the present,! desire to draw the attention of
the House to the circumstances which gave rise
to the adoption of this clause of the Constitution,
and then to point out the rights guarantied thereby
to slaveholders. And notwithstanding the institu-
tion of slavery has received a fatal stab, mainly
at the hands of its friends, yet, as I conceive,
there has been no legitimate abolishment of that
institution, only so far as it has been effected by
the Army and Navy in its appioaches into the
enemy's country, by the exercise orenforcement
of a well-established rule of the laws of war, by
depriving the enemy who may be in aims of that
which strengthens them and weakens us. The
institution is, nevertheless, an existing one among
us, and as such I shall treat it in the few remarks
I am about to submit.
I know it is sought to be impressed upon the
public mmd that the institution is gone, and that
therefore no rights exist in reference to that spe-
cies of property at this time, whatever may have
been the admitted and adjudicated rights hereto-
fore.
These revolutionary times have originated a
new school of commentators upon the Constitu-
tion; they now boldly argue that no rights ever1
diti exist under the Constitution to that species of,
property. I trust my honorable'friend^andcol-
league of the Judiciary Committee who reported
this bill to the House does not intend to assurne
that ground in,urging its passage. It is true I
see this point pressed with some ability by an
abolition writer, who says among, other things
that— ...
" VVe,need a President, a Congress, and judges who have
done reading the Constitution of the United States through
pro-slavery spectacles. The seif-contiadictory and half-
way measures of the Government in regard tb the war, and
especially to slavery,' come from this false reading; this
gratuitous pro-slavery construction of that grand abolition
document." *
And after admitting that the greatest statesmen
of the nation have given such construction to our
Constitution he says:
"The most learned statesmen, lawyers, and judges of
England gave a hkecoastruetion to their constitution until
a certain clerk in a store, plain Mr. Granville Sharp, by
dint of good common sense, some thorough examination,
and a number of well-written published articles, compelled'
Lord Chief Justice Mansfield to see the truth very much
against his aristocratic will, and to decide, in the Somraer-
sett ease, contrary to his former decisions, and to the opin-
ions, dicta, and decisions of the great men of the realm,
and thus effected an entire revolution in the construction
of the English constitution in*regard to slaveholding."
In answer to this I have to say that the consti-
tution of England is fofmed and made of the old
ancient common-law maxims of Fleta and Brax-
ton, of Littleton and Coke and Bacon, and oth-
ers, and of concessions extorted from the Crown
in every revolution from the days of King John
down to the present time, and extending through
a long series of ages past,'so that the memory of
man runneth not to the contrary; and these all
combined give direction and point to judicial de-
cisions as well as governmental policy.
But according to our theory of government we
have a written Constitution by which our rights
arederived and secured and our wrongs redressed.
Our system is an improvement upon everything
ever known to the republics of Greece and Rome,
or any of the Governments of the Old World. Its
edifice is that of a written Constitution, and its
avowed objects and purposes are declared to be
" to form a more perfect Union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the com-
mon defense, promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity." I see itarguod by some, and the
fanatical sentiment is gaining ground in certain
quarters, that, from the foundation of our Gov-
ernment we have been living in disregard of the
plain, written declarations contained m the pre-
amble to our Constitution, which, among other-
things, is to " secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity;" and then we are
told, with an air of triumph, that these declara-
tions were intended for the negro. I hefve this
question to ask those who thus argue. Is the
negro of the posterity of those who, in Conven-
tion, adopted our Constitution ? Were they rec-
ognized to be of " we the people of the United
States" who sent up the delegates to the Con-
vention? If so, then they properly come under
the designation of " posterity." I desire those
who thus argue to give a miscegenatical answer
to these questions.
Lexicographers tell us that the word "poster-
ity" means descendants, and that "descendants
and posterity" are terms never applied solely to
children, but they are used comprehensively to
include children, grandchildren, great-grandchil-
dren, &c., without limitation.
The framers of our Constitution spoke for
themselves and their children, and the children of
those and their posterity, whose delegates they
were. Those who vote to repeal this law, cer-
tainly will not attempt to place its passage on
any such Utopian theories as those to which I
have been referring; nor will they, I trust, take
the other ground, assumed by those visionary
theorists of the same political party to which I
have already referred, who take as their theory
the exact reverse, and declare that ours is a pro-
slavery Constitution, and that the Union of which
it is the only bond, by reason thereof, is a lie.
"The American Union is an imposture, a cove-
nant with death, and an agreement with hell." it
must be overthrown. " Up with the flag of dis-
union."
I will not do gentlemen the injustice to charge
that thev take either of the grounds to which I
