193§
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBil.
April 28.
mow honesty left in the world, and this provision
does not treatall men alike. If all men areequal
they are entitled to equal rights, privileges, and
protection.
Now, what are the facts of the. case? The
State banks of ray State have purchased national
b&nds three to one over what the national banks
have purchased; and are you going to tax those
banks out coexistence because they do not hap-
■pen to be organized under the system adopted
jiere? Is that right in a free Government like
.this? No, sir; and it will not be done. * I feel
confident that it cannot be done. If done, it will
4-aise a-storm of indignation all over the country
•which this House cannot withstand.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the pend-
ing-proposition by striking out from the fifth and
-sixth lines all that refers to national banks, as fol-
iowst " unless thereto authorized by act of Con-
The-effect of striking out those words will be
to impose the same tax upon the State banks of
•thecountryand upon the national banks. And if
-this is done, this tax, or at least some reasonable
lax, should be imposed. But whatever tax is im-
•posed should be equal. .1 can say for those,with
whom I have conversed, that whatever gentle-
men upon the other side of the House may pro-
pose ast a tax upon the local and national banks
we shall feel called upon to sustain, if it is equal
on.each; but we will not discriminate between the
two systems.
If you propose to favor national banks at the
■expense of the State banks, I tell you a spirit of
indignation will be provoked throughout the whole
country which will be disastrous to our financial
interests. You cannot safely make such a dis-
crimination. If you pass a bill imposing a duty
of two per cent, upon the national banks, and
impose a tax of three per cent, upon State banks,
•you will crush out and-retire the State bank cir-
culation for the benefit of the national bank cir-
•culation. Gentlemen talk about diminishing the
paper currency. You cannot do it in this way.
You will drive out $200,000,000 of State bank
circulation and supply its place at once by a cor-
-responding amount of national bank circulation,
or perhaps a greater amount, for the national
banks are authorized to issue §300,000,000. The
currency of the country anil the finances and
credit of the country can only be maintained by
reducing this excess of State and national bank
circulation, amounting at this time to over two
hundred and sixty million dollars. The people are
satisfied with legal-tender notes. They are of
equal value all over the country. The interest
inures to their own benefit, or rather they save so
much interest, and are sought for everywhere.
. They are good so long as the Government exists.
The people have entile faith in that currency and
have become wedded to it and are willing to sus-
tain it. It is the only system of paper currency
the benefits of which can inure to the people.
I trust gentlemen will see the necessity of
placing these State and national banks upon the
same footing, and impose at least a two per cent,
tax alike upon their circulation. This would re-
sult in the gradual withdrawal of their circula-
tion, restoring the currency to a sounder con-
dition and gradually reducing the currency to
your legal-tender notes. The sooner this is done
the better for the country and for our finances,
and securing to the people the profits of that tre-
mendous system of banking which has always
pervaded the country, and the enormous profits
of which have inured in the past to the benefit
of a few favored capitalists. I cannot doubt, sir,
that the wisdom of such policy would soon be
apparent in a sounder ami better currency, and
in an improved condition of the public finances,
now so greatly imperiled for it is apparent to
all that either the $450,000,000 of legal-tender
currency or the $260,000,000 of bank paper, now
daily increasing, must be withdrawn or finan-
cial ruin is inevitable. -If you were limiting your
bank circulation to $50,000,000, the extent now
issued, there might be some force in the argu-
ment against State banks. You would then duve
out the State bank circulation without increasing
any other circulation; but while by the tax on the
State banks, on the discrimination proposed, you
•drive out the State bank circulation you increase
the national bank circulation. This is no benefit
to the people or to your finances. I therefore
hope that this proposition to place the banks on
exactly the same footing will receive the favor-
able consideration of Congress.
Mr. ARNOLD. I have heard with surprise
the gentleman from New York declare that the
adoption by the committee of the amendment of
my colleague would endanger the passage of this
revenue bill. Is it possible that upon a measure
of this importance, so necessary to the salvation
of the country and the preservation of the public
credit, gentlemen representing the banking inter-
est on this floor will get up and threaten that if
the amendment be adopted they will vote against
this bill'
Sir, the passage of this amendment will largely
increase the revenues of the country. Is there
any class that can better afford to pay n tax than
those who are issuing three or four times the
amount of their capital,.loaning this enormous cir-
culation, and are deriving high dividends fiom
their paper circulation?
Mr. KERNAN. In six months you will cut
off the whole revenue by suppressing the bank
circulation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If my colleague will
give way to me for a moment I will say that, at the
suggestion of many members of the House, and
as this is a tax bill, 1 modify my amendment by
striking out the last proviso.
Mr. ARNOLD. I am glad that my colleague
has modified his amendment by striking out the
last proviso. That will leave it purely a rev-
enue measure providing a tax on the bank notes
of the country, and as such I trust that it will
commend itself to the judgmentof this committee.
Surely there is no clas'sof the community that can
so well afford to be taxed as those representing
these banking interests. There are no men in the
country receiving such laige dividends on their
capital at the present time as the banking institu-
tions of the country.
Not only does it commend itself to the judg-
mentof the committee as a means of raising rev-
enue, but if it should incidentally repress the re-
dundant circulation under which the country is
now suffering, and which raises the price of all
the necessaries of life, it will in this respect to some
extent relieve the people.
Mr. PRICE. The banks are now taxed three
pel- cent., and if you destroy the banks all over
the country where then can you get the revenue ?
Mr. ARNOLD. I think that this tax can very
well be borne. The banks realize ten,fifteen, and
twenty per cent, on their capital, and can well af-
ford to pay this tax for the exclusive privileges
which they enjoy. If the effect of the tax shall
be to repress to some extent this circulation, which
is a great evil in the country, so that we shall not
have as much of it, it will be an incidental ad-
vantage to the country of very great importance.
1 do not appeal to any section of the country to
support this proposition. It is a proposition that
ought to commend itself to all. Tne necessities
of the country compel heavy taxes even upon ne-
cessaries of life; surely bank circulation should
not escape.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the House under-
stands this question,and I therefore move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. FENTON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. MORRILL. The House understands this
proposition distinctly, and that it is not intended
for revenue, but for the purpose which another
bill is framed to accomplish, and I think we ought
to acton that measure independently and upon its
merits without embarrassing this measure with it.
I therefore insist on the motion that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The question was taken,and the committee re-
fused to rise.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to—ayes 55, noes 39.
The question recurred on Mr. Farnsworth's
amendment as amended.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the tax one eighth ef one per
cent, instead of one fourth of one per cent. I
offer the amendment for the purpose of saying
one word.
1 am not now to diseuss this question, I could
not do it in five minutes. 1 have a large amount
of statistics bearing on this question which, at
the proper time, I shall ask the attention of the
House to, and at that time I will defend, as well
as I can, the charge of unsoundness against tha
banking system of New Yoik.
My purpose now is to ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. FARNSwoRTri] notonly to withdraw
the proviso to his amendment, but the whole
amendment. It must be evident to every gentle-
man that this is a subject which will involve a
wide range of discussion respecting the two sys-
tems, national and State, and that it would con-
sume not only hours, but days, for it opens up
the whole field of discussion on the subject of
finance and banking. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw the proposition and let
it Stitnd, as it property does, before the House ill
the form of a bill, and when it comes up for dis-
cussion we can devote that attention and consid-
eration to it which the vastness of the subject de-
mands. We cannot do it now without delaying
the passage of this important measure, the tax
bill. I hope that members will proceed directly
to pass this bill at once, and will withdraw all
disturbing questions which are really foreign to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I am
not disposed to withdraw my amendment, for I
offered it in sincerity and want to get a vote of the
House upon it. This is a tax measure. My
amendment simply proposes to levy a tax on
banks; why is not this the proper place to incor-
porate that tax ? Why should we have two tax
bills before the House? Gentlemen are willing
to tax everything else, all kinds of labor, all
kinds of manufactures, everything but banks. If
this is a tax measure, make it complete. I do not
think that my amendment is calculated to delay
the passage of this bill. Let us have a vote of
the House upon it as upon every other question
of tax that has arisen and may arise in the con-
sideration of this bill. The constituency that I
lenresent is deeply mteiested in the measure.
The West has been cursed by the issues of State
banks. In appealing to members from the West
I had no design of making any invidious distinc-
tion between West and East, or of arraying'the
West against the East, but I spoke about the
West because we were peculiarly cursed by these
shinplasters flooding the country. People come
out to the West with bank currency for the pur-
pose of buying produce. The formers get their
pockets full of these shinplasters and do not
know what is good and what is bad till they find
that some of the banks are gone.
Mr. MORRILL. May I ask the gentleman
whether the people of his State have not lost more
I hy Illinois banks, created by the Illinois Legisla-
ture, than thev ever lost by New England banks '
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have lost a good
deal by banks created by the Illinois Legislature,
but I think we have lost more by banks outside
of the State of Illinois. The truth is that in Illi-
nois we copied after these much lauded institu-
tions of iNew York, and other States, and they
proved failures. The same may prove a failure
in other States. We know that banks do fail,
and we know that when they fail the men who
sold produce and got the notes of these banks for
it are the sufferers. These men who establish
themselves at every corner of the street, and who
sit behind their counters handling the people's
money, do not suffer by the failure of banks.
Those who suffer are the manufacturers and the
farmers. If we are to have a bank cuirency let
it be a sound national currency. I would, if I
could, blot out all the bank issues, and depend
upon greenbacks. I would have all the paper cur-
rency of the country issued by the Secretary of
the Treasury, which will be the same in all States,
and all parts of all States, and will be ledeemable
everywhere where there is an office for redemp-
tion.
As I said before, Mr. Chairman, I have offered
this amendment in good faith,because the people
whom 1 represent demand it; because 1 believe
four fittiis of the pet-pie of tin Northwest demand
| a measuie ot this kind. I am not willing to with-
I draw my amendment. This is a tax measure that
we ai e cousidei Lf-t us meorpotate this with
it and have a square vote upon it.
The question was taken oil Air. Fenton's
amendmentto the amendment,and it wasretccted.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. If I undeistood the gentle-
