1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
gence, all its virtue, all its-patriotism left the Dem-
ocratic party when he left it. He is not more
important nor yet less vain than many another
man whom I have seen attached to that great
party, and by the aid of its power rising to high
place. Their appreciation of themselves and the
party has no parallel except in that of the fly upon
the coach wheel, which, elated with the smooth-
ness and rapidity of the motion, called to the coach
to be duly thankful that itself and the wheel were
carrying it along so swiftly.
My colleague, [Mr. Cox,] before he had fin-
ished an analysis of the bill which he had com-
menced with his accustomed ability, was easily
seduced by the taunts of gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber to enter upon the discussion
ofthe old doctrine of amalgamation under the new
name of miscegenation. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks,] avoiding thepractical
questions suggested by this bill, announced his
belief that slavery is dead, and gave several rea-
sons for believing and for saying so. Both gen-
tlemen, however, agreed that if this bill could be
so changed as that it would impose no burden on
the Treasury, they would be prepared to give it
a favorable consideration.
Sir, I am not willing to let the opposition to
this bill rest entirely on the argument made by
either of them. They have given up one of the
strong points of the case.
If there is no constitutional power to pass this
bill, the fact that it costs nothing makes the in-
fraction none the less flagrant, if there is con-
stitutional power to pass it, then there is power
to incur all the expense necessary to carry it
into full operation.
Nor, sir, am I quite willing to have the ques-
tion embarrassed by any view we may take of
the proclamation of emancipation. The effect ot
that proclamation, or its authority, have noth-
ing to do with this question.
I agree with the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,] that no lawyer whose opinion is
worth having thinks it worth more than the paper
on which it is written. The power of Federal
armies may be brought into requisition to give it
validity. Test oaths unconstitutional in them-
selves and extorted as a condition precedent to
the enjoyment of any civil right may give itsome
sort of'effect; but of itself it is utteily void; it is
illegal; it is of no authority; it ought never to
have been issued; it ought to be immediately re-
called; it has never freed a single slave; it never
will. But that is not the question here. It is not
even remotely involved.
We have within our lines now five hundred
thousand men, women, and children who are ac-
tually freed by the chances of war. The number
increases daily. They consist of slaves who have
run away from their rebel masters, slaves who
have been run away from by their rebel masters,
and slaves who have been made captives by our
troops. They are all free, actually free, legally
free, and will never be reenslaved.
It was in behalf of these that the gentleman
from Massachusetts appealed to us. He told us
they were poor; without food, except Govern-
ment rations; without clothes, except (Government
clothing; without houses or homes, and without
knowledge enough to take care of themselves and
provide for their families. He did not tell us—
but it is frequently alluded to in the various re-
ports of those who have looked into this subject—
that they long for the repose and quiet of their
old homes and the care of their masters; that
freedom has not been to them the promised boon;
that even thus soon it has proven itself to be a
life of torture, ending only ill certain and speedy
death. But he did tell us that this ignorance arose
from the circumstances of their former life; that
we have changed those circumstances, and that it
is our duty to fit them to bear and to benefit by
the change which we have wrought. Sir, the ap-
peal of the gentleman made a deep impression
upon me. But reflection has convinced me that
the highest considerations of official duty and of
sound policy require that we should not yield to
those sympathies and pass this bill.
I stand, sir, here substantially with my fiiend
from New York, a member of the select com-
mittee, [Mr. Kalbfleisch,] who addressed the
House so forcibly a few days ago. We have not
the power; if we had, its exercise would destioy
our best hopes for a rcstoiation of our Union.
As my objections to the bill are radical, I will
not be se uncandid as to dwell upon the objec-
tions to its details, faulty as I think I could show
these to be. I will only pause to point you to the
officers created by it: the commissioner, eightor
ten assistant commissioners, and all needful su-
perintendents and clerks to carry into operation
this complicated machine wherever it may once
get a foothold. I will only suggest the enormous
powersyou give to one or another of these offi-
cers. They shall have power to decide all ques-
tions arising under any law heretofore or hereaf-
ter to be enacted concerning persons of African
descent, whether they have ever been slaves or not,
and all persons who have or may become free, or
in anywise entitled to their freedom. They shall
have power to assign to the freedmen all lands
which have been at any time abandoned, even
though they may now be occupied by their own-
ers; and to advise and aid them, organize and di-
rect their labor, adjust their wages, and arbitrate
their quarrels. Extraordinary power, indeed!
Were such ever intrusted to man and notabused?
Nor will I remind gentlemen that this very diffi-
culty was frequently foretold, that theincapacity
of the negro to take care of himself was often al-
luded to, and that you always ridiculed the idea.
What will you do with the negro when you shall
have emancipated him? was frequently asked; and
as often your virtuous indignation boiled over at
the bare intimation that he was not thoroughly
competent to take care of himself. Is he not " a
man and a brother?" "Is not his soul white
if his skin is black?" "Did not one God make
both white and black?" This was the answer
trom most of the Republicans of the last Con-
gress. Some few took refuge, as the gentleman
from Maryland did a day or two ago, in the sug-
gestion that these troublesome questions were de-
vices of the Democratic devil to disturb the minds
and unsettle the faith and shatter the harmony of
the faithful. Nevertheless these questions are
now here for solution, and the care of the negro
bids fair to be as troublesome in the future as his
emancipation has been in the past.
Sir, we have no power to pass any bill of this
kind; and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] frankly means that when he says:
" But if all proclamations were wron? and all laws were
without constitutional support wlucli have sought to liber-
ate the slaves of enemies, still the l-ehellion itself has treed
them, and they are subjects of our charge. We must pro-
tect them or be faithless 111 our office."
_ But if we had the power we ought not to exer-
cise it.
I have seen the orders of General Banks at
New Orleans, and of General Butler at Fortress
Monroe, and the report of Mr. Mellen, the Treas-
ury agent on the Mississippi, in relation to this
very subject. I believe those orders establish as
good a system as you can expect to organize
under this bill. They provide for the care, train-
ing, education, wages, clothing, support, and com-
pulsory labor of the colored people. This is done
under commissioners and superintendents, who,
being officers of the Army and directly amenable
to those generals, will doubtless perform the flu-
ties as well as any others who might be selected.
And as for those generals who are thus to super-
vise the arrangements, whatever higher places
they may be fit for, their worst enemies would
not dare to say that they have not eminent capa-
city to organize and control a village of contra-
bands and to regulate the occupation of aban-
doned plantations. Their scheme, then,is equal
in good results to that proposed by this bill, and
is far superior in this: that it is a military order;
that it is limited to military occupation; itisshort
111 duration, contracting in its tendency, and will
expire soon by the very law of its being. On the
other hand, the plan of the committee, large atits
commcnccmcnt, is in its nature progressive, ex-
pansive; begins a bureau, aspires already to be a
Department, and will last as long as the Govern-
ment itself.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
will say that the number of these contrabands is
now too large for management by these military
orders. That I think is not the difficulty. But
if it is, let me suggest a remedy based upon the
reasonings of his speech and of these various re-
ports. You say these contrabands are patient,
docile, brave, industrious, but too ignorant to
take care of themselves; that they are in our
charge; and that it is our duty to support, train,
and educate them forthedutiesof life, and to com-
pel them to labor as a means at once of support-
ing themselves and of reimbursing us. The con-
current testimony of all the reports on that sub-
ject, which the gentleman himself furnished me,
is that the discipline of the military service is the
very best method of imparting this education in
the shortest possible time. You say that it has
become the settled policy of this Government to
use colored soldiers. In the loyal States you
draft both the free negro and the slave. Why
not, then, take these contrabands, whom you say
you are bound to ed ucate, putthem into the Army,
which you say is the best school, and thus, while-
you fulfill the duty to them, relieve your citizens
at home from that ever-present, fearful foreboding
which haunts the home of eVery farriily too poor
in these times of high prices to lay by §300 for
each draft?
The gentleman will say," The women and chil-
dren will still remain to be cared for." True;
but surely for them General Banks and General
Butler and Mr. Mellen will suffice; and if not,
then I answer, in the language of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] the other day on an-
other question, " Let the Government take charge
of the charities of life, and, after deducting a proper
sum from the wages of the colored soldier, appro-
priate a sufficient sum for the support of each '
needy member of a poor family whose protector-
is taken away," to be administered through the
agency of these military authorities.
But, sir, I pass to another consideration. Iam
one of those who still hope for a restoration of
the Union; not the unity of our territory only,
but the maintenance of the Union under the Con-
stitution. I hope that we may maintain the in-
tegrity of our system of government: the system
of confederation; the system whose foundation
is State rights. The Constitution is a compact of
government made by sovereign States, which
assigns to the Federal Government its powers
and duties, and reserves all others to the States
and people. Its foundation is that all power not
granted is reserved; all duties not specifically en-
joined are forbidden. The duties ofthe Fedeial
Government-are few and simple. They relate to
foreign affairs and mattorsofgeneral and universal
interest. Its powers were intended to be limited
also. To the States were committed all matters of
loeal concern and the care of the rights and liber-
ties of all their citizens, Their reserved powers
were consequently very large. Our fathers though t
this the very hidden secret of their system. They
thought they had discovered in this the philoso-
pher's stone of government. And so they had.
It was the beauty and the pride of our system.
It secured to us liberty; it secured to us prosper-
ity; it secured to us self-government beyond the
example of any people. In an evil hour it was
abandoned. Since then we have had war, and
misery, and tyranny; but 1 forbear.
I see the efforts made to reconstruct State gov-
ernment. They are upon a wrong basis; they
ought to fail; 1 believe they will fail. They would
be a perpetual mockery of the duty on the part
of the Federal Government to guaianty a repub-
lican form of government to the States. Never-
theless they may succeed. If they do, it will be
the right and the duty of each State to take care
of her own poor; it is a duty she cannot shift
upon another, a right she cannot surrender. It
is a duty which the Federal Government has no
power to perform,a rightwhich theFederal Gov-
ernment has no power to accept. Build up the
system proposed by this bill, and you will have
established in the heart of each State that which
Will prove the very strongest obstacle against its
return to the Union on the basis of the old Con-
stitution. Establish it firmly, and you will have
in each State a settlement of negroes superintended
by your officers, more difficult of management
either by the Federal Government or by the State
than were the Indians in Georgia, which will
either draw the Federal Government into the per-
formance of a State duty, or will harass and an-
noy and embitter the officers of the State in the
performance of it themselves.
I have said nothing, sir, of State institutions.
They may perish. They are butfora time. Their
duration depends upon many causes. But State
rights belong to our Government, are an essential
part of its system, are essential to liberty itself.
