892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
I am pledged to maintain them; pledged by every
oath in which I swore to support the Constitution
of the United States. That oath I intend to keep
sacredly to the end. And because I intend to
keep-it, I am constrained thus to oppose this bill.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.* McDonald, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body returned House bill No.
122, to increase the internal revenue, and for other
purposes, with the report of the committee on
conference thereon, in which the committee were
unable to agree, for the action of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
by unanimous consent the House proceed to the
consideration of that report.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman to postpone
it for a little while.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would be
glad to do so, but for the circumstances under
which I am placed. I am obliged to leave town
at five o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not object.
Mr. WASHBURNE,ofllhnois. I submit from
the committee of conference the following report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houj-es on the amendments to the bill (fl. K. No.
122) " to increase the internal revenue, ami for other pur-
Eoses," having mot, after full and free conference have
cen unable to agree.
JOHN SHERMAN,
DANIEL CLARK,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Mcmagers on the part of the Senate.
E. B. WAS13BURNE.
JOHN A. KASSON,
JOHN L. DAWSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
it will be seen by that report that the committee of
conference has not been able to agiee. While I do
not state anything,of couise, thutoccurred in the
committee of conference, I will state that I think
there would have been no difficulty with the man-
agers on the part of the House in coming to an
agreement on the subject. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dawson,] who represented
the minority of the House, was willing, in order
that the difference between the two Houses might
be accommodated, to agree to the tax of twenty
cents; but he wanted the tax in future to remain
at sixty instead of eighty cents. This contained
the difference between the two Houses.
Mr. STEVENS. He does not represent the
minority of the House if he does not disagree to
that.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I believe the
gentleman from the Brownsville district of Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dawson] voted with the gentle-
man from the Lancaster district, [Mr. Stevens,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, on every proposition against taxing the
stock on hand.
I was pioceeding to say it was insisted by par-
ties who aie against any re taxation that the House
had decided against the principle of taxing whisky
on hand. It was insisted upon the other side that
the House had not decided upon any such prin-
ciple, hut had only decided against taxing it forty
cents a gallon. In order to test the sense of the
House upon that subject, I move the following
resolution in connection with the report made by
the committee:
Resoleed, That the House insist upon its di>as:reenienUo
the Senate aim ndnierits to House hill No. i'22, and th.it the
Iloiw reqnot of the Senate anothei committee of confer-
ence on the wild hill; and it it heieiiy declared to lie the
judgment of thi< House that in an ad|iMment ot the differ-
ences beitween the two Houses on the baid hill there should
he an additional duty of not less than twenty nor more than
forty cents per gallon imposed on spmts on hand for sale. 1
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order. It j
is that that is not in order as an amendment to
the lepojt of the committee of conference. The !
committee can report nothing but their disagree- |
ment. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point ;
of order, as stated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that the resolution is not in order as an
amendment to the report of the committee; but it
is in <nder for any member of the committee or
the House to offer such a resolution; and he un-
derstands it is offeted in that shape.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i offer the
resolution, and demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee did not offer
the resolution. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, a member of the committee, offered it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Pennsylvania will keep cool.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course he will.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
House of Representatives has the power to in-
struct any committee which it authorizes to be
appointed. Itis ajudicious check upon the power
of the Speaker in appointing committees. They
have a right to instruct a committee of confer-
ence, as they have a right to instruct a standing or
a select committee. The gentleman from Illinois
moves this himself as a resolution. It seems,
however, susceptible of division, first upon asking
another committee of conference, and secondly
upon the instructions. As to the right to move
instructions the Chair has no doubt
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the Chair
whether he holds that an individual can offer the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order. It
is that when the committee made their report they
ceased to be a committee, and therefore it is not
in order to instruct them.
The SPEAKER: The Chair sustains that point
of order also, as stated by the gentleman raising
it. But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burns] having been one of the conferees moves
for another confeience, and in addition offers a
resolution instructing them, which he has the
right to do.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then two questions are in-
volved.
The SPEAKER. There are.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise another point of or-
der. It is that no committee being in existence,
a resolution of that kind is not in order. If it re-
quires unanimous consent, I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it does
not require unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What right has the gentle-
man to introduce it unless he has unanimous con-
sent?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rose as one
of the late conferees and offered it, as applying to
the bill on which the two Houses have thus far
failed to agree.
Mr. LOVEJOY. He had ceased to be one of
the conferees.
The SPEAKER. It is usual, when a confer-
ence committee reports a disagreement, to recog-
nize one of the conferees for any motion he desires
to make.
The Chair would modify his previous state-
ment on another point. Upon reflection he does
not think the resolution of instructions will be
susceptible of division. It being really a commit-
tal of a bill to a committee with proposed instruc-
tions, the rule is imperative that the vote must be
taken on it as a whole.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order.
There ts no committee to instruct.
The SPEAKER. It is an almost every-day
practice to move the appointment of a select com-
mittee with instructions to them to perform cer-
tain acts.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order to move an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will be if the previous
question is not seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. PENDLETON. I make the point of or-
der that the gentleman from Illinois had not the
floor to make a motion of that kind. A motion
to raise a committee of conference is not such
a privileged motion as will take precedence of
other business. When the gentleman made his
report he exhausted his privilege. Having ex-
hausted that privilege, he cannot hold the floor
for the purpose of putting in a motion which is not
a privileged one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order, and for the reason that when the con-
ferees reported to the House they brought with
their repott the bill and the amendments upon
which the two Houses disagreed. These are now
on the Cleik's table and before the House. The
Chair then recognized the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wasiibuhxk,] and, the papers being
before the House, he made the motion "which he
did in reference to it, and in order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the House
recede from its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe the
gentleman from Ohio cannot do that while I have
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio as taking pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from Il-
linois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The motion
of the gentleman from Ohio cannot be entertained
if the previous question should be sustained.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will consult the gentleman whom he said
the other day was " the best parliamentarian m
the United States," [the Journal Clerk] in which
opinion the Chair concurs, he will find that the
Chair, in this ruling, is sustained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall beg
leave to differ on this occasion from the "best
parliamentarian in the United States." I believe
1 have the floor.
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
withdraws the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw it, if 1 have the control of it.
The SPEAKER. Certainly the gentleman has;
but the Chair will state that all motions to bring
the two Houses together take precedence of mo-
tions which tend to keep them apart.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that very well, provided the motion is made
when the previous question is not pending. But
I do not understand that when the previous ques-
tion has been demanded, another motion can be
interposed. That is my understanding of the
pailiamentary law, although I may be mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
Manual read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to engage in any controversy with the Chair.
I am quite willing that the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio shall come in, so that the House
may vote understandingly on the whole question,
and that we may make some disposition of it;
because I take it that it is for the interest of all
parties that this question should be settled, and
settled speedily. I would ask the gentleman from
Ohio what would be thecondition of the bill if his
motion should prevail?
Mr. PENDLETON. I have not the bill be-
fore me, but if 1 had I could soon inform the gen-
tleman as to what the condition of the bill would
be. I can only say this: that it will maintain
the principle upon which this House has acted,
that no tax shall be placed upon the stock on
hand.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
point.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose that if the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means, shall pie vail, the
amendment sent to us by the Senate taxing whisky
sixty-five and seventy cents a gallon after a given
period will then be the law.
Mr. PENDLETON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
will understand that if the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio prevails there is to be no tax upon
the stock on hand.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofllhnois. If the House
are of opinion that that is light they will vote for
the gentleman's motion, and there will be an end
of the whole question, and the speculators and
liquor-holders wili go unwhipped.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is the gentleman's
set speech, and we do not care about that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose to debate the question myself, because, if I
should do so, it would not become me to demand
the previous question. Every member of the
House understands the question: it is whether
we will permit the immense block of liquor oil
hand, which would yield a large revenue, to go
untaxed.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to a question of
order. I would inqune of the Speaker if it is in
order for my colleague to be permitted to discuss
the nifi us of the bill to the exclusion of every one
cIjjc upon the floor ?
