1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
only for the benefit of their individual stock-
holders.
Whenever the proposition has been before this
House to tax the national bank circulation it is
said thatitwould beunfair.anditisopposedupon
the ground that there is no tax imposed upon the
circulation of the State banks. When any meas-
ure has come before the House to tax State bank
circulation it is opposed upon the ground that
there is no tax imposed upon the circulation of
the national banks. We have them both pre-
sented now by this amendment, which proposes
to tax the circulation of both national banks and
State banks, and I hope the amendment will be
adopted. The effect of it must be to increase the
revenue and to diminish the inducement of the
banks to depreciate the currency by extending
their circulation and their loans.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washborne, of Illinois,
reported that the committee had had under con-
sideration the internal revenue bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of this bill all de-
bate shall terminate upon the pending section in
half a minute after the same is resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestateof thetfnion,
on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being the internal
revenue bill.
The question recurred 011 Mr. Farnswokth's
amendment as amended.
The committee divided; and there v/ere—ayes
50, noes 41.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Fenton were appointed.
The amendment was adopted; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 62, noes 51.
Mr. HOfcrMAN moved to strikeout the words
" beyond the amountinvested in the United States
bonds."
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Orth and
Kernan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tollers reported
—ayes 57, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YEAMAN moved to add the following:
Provided, That this tax shall not apply to any hank 111
process of liquidation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERNAN. 1 move to insert after the
word " money" the words " excluding moneys
deposited by and belonging to any State." And
I ask for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; and the amendment
was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The next proposition re-
served is the following amendment moved by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
Strike out the following:
Provided, That in all cas.cs where the rate or price of
advertising is fixed by any law of the United States, State,
or Territory, it shall be lawful fbrthecompanv, person, or
persons, publishing said advertisements, to add the duty 01
tax imposed by this act to the price of said adveitisements,
any ia>v, as alomsaid, to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KASSOMT. I move, according to the con-
sent granted to me by the committee some time
ago, to add the following proviso to the onehun-
.Ired and fourteenth section:
Provide/!, That only one deduction of$600shall be made
i'tom the aggio>jate incomes of all the inembeis of any one
family composed of parent and minor cinldi en, or hiwbnnd
and wife, except in cases \vhe«es>uoh separate income shall
lit* derived from &cpen ale ur individual gains of the wife or
child, and the dcductionin such eases made shall he allowed
only on incomes of the heads of families.
The object sought by this amendment is to pre-
vent the dividingtfp the income of a family, which
really belongs to the head of the family, among
its different members, so as to reduce the amount
below $600.
Mr. HOOPER. I propose to amend the amend-
ment in such a way as to render that provision
unnecessary. I move to amend section one hun-
dred and fourteen, relating to income taxes, by
striking out " five," wherever it occurs, and in-
serting "ten;" so that the income tax shall be ten
per cent, in all cases.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that that portion of the section was not reserved.
The only reservation was to enable the gentleman
from Iowa to offer his proviso.
Mr. HOOPER. Then I offer my amendment
as a proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. HOOPER. I propose to add it as a pro-
viso to the proviso.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a point of order on
that. That subject has not been reserved.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. HOOPER. It comes in as a part of the pro-
viso. The right to put in a proviso to the section
was reserved.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will not insist upon the point of order.
Mr. WILSON. If I withdraw the point the
amendment will be regarded as being before the
committee for action, if the gentleman merely
wishes to make some remarks upon the subject
without asking a vote upoti the amendment, I
have no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
proposition of the gentleman does not come within
the undersfanding of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL. Will it not be in order for
the gentleman to move to add to that proviso
that after one year the income tax shall in all cases
be ten per cent. ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa read
again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HOOPER. ■ I now move to add to that
proviso a proposition that after one year from the
passage of this act the income tax shall be ten per
cent.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the point of order.
That matter has been acted upon and disposed of
by the committee, and was not reserved.
The CHAIRMAN. The agreement of the
committee was that the gentleman from Iowa
should have peimission to go back to that sec-
tion for the purpose of offering a proviso. The
gentleman from Massachusetts moves to amend
that proviso by an amendment, which the Chair
thinks is in order.
Mr. WILSON. I raise another point. It is
that the question of amount of income tax is not
germane to the matter of that proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it em-
braces the subject-matter, and is therefore in
order.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting at the end of the proviso the
words "and that after one year the income tax
shall be uniform at ten per cent."
Mr. Chairman, my colleagues on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will bear witness that
I proposed ten per cent, as the uniform rate of
income tax in the committee. J object to the in-
troduction of the principle of the gentleman from
New York, selecting certain men of wealth to be
taxed as a class at a different rate from what he
taxes himself and others; and I object to the
large majority of the members of this House
taxing themselves and their friends at half price,
for that is precisely what it amounts to as the law
stands now.
The pious gentleman from New York, who
likes better to take money out of his neighbor's
pocket than his own, and the law-observing mem-
ber from Ohio, who proposes to crush down rich
men who refuse to submit to law, tell us that they
are prompted by regard to worthy men with large
families who have only $1,200 a year. They
know, however, that $800 of that amount is ex-
empt from taxation, leaving only $400 to be taxed
as income. It is very hard, these gentlemen tell
us, to make such poor men pay twenty dollars
more; but neither of them have referred to the
i fact, which I fancy ia of much more interest to
them, that under this pretended carc for poor men
with large families they will each save themselves
from paying several hundred dollars. For every
twenty dollars they save the poor men with large
families, about whom they are so anxious, most
of the members of this House will save them-
selves from paying §300 and some wjll save $500!
Let us consider, Mr. Chairman, how much will
be produced by confining the tax of ten per cent,
to incomes over ten thousand dollars. The whole
amount that would be collected would be com-
paratively small, and in my opinion would not
compensate for the amount of ill-feeling which
its injustice would create. Nine tenths of the
members of this House probably have incomes
varying from $4,000 to $10,000. But if you will
take the community at large, there are probably
not more than two with an income over ten thou-
sand dollars to five hundred with incomes vary-
ing from $2,500 to $10,000. Estimating those five
hundred at an average income of $3,000 each would
give you, at the rate of ten per cent., $150,000 for
income tux, while the two with incomes over ten
thousand dollars, even if you rate them at $40,000
each, would give you only $8,000 for the tax. If
the tax of ten per cent, is confined to incomes over
ten thousand dollars, it will not yield three per
cent, of the amount which would be obtained by
making ten per cent, the uniform rate of income
tax. I trust the gentleman from Iowa, who talks
so much about patriotism, will show his sincerity
by consenting to sacrifice the fey/- hundred dollars
he would save at "the half price rate to protect poor
men with large families," and vote for the uniform
rate of ten per cent, after the present year, which
will give many millions to the Treasury and re-
deem the House from the imputation of my friend
from Pennsylvania, who charges that we tax the
poor man's oil and refuse to tax members of Con-
gress and others having salaries and incomes of
$3,000 to $10,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to reply to the views
addressed impromptu [laughter] to the House by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I have no
particular objection in my own particular case to
meet this increased rate of ten per cent, upon my
income; but I am afraid thatthat tax would prove
onerous upon the $2,000,000 of the plethoric gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. Why, sir, the gen-
tleman, since we voted the other day upon this
proposition in regard to the income tax, making
the rich pay in proportion to their riches and the
poor pay-in proportion to what they have, has
thought upon this matter upon his pillow,and he
comes in here this morningand undertakes to be
sarcastic upon certain members of this House who
had the boldness to advocate the proposition of
making wealth bear some little portion of the bur-
dens of these calamitous times. And he not only
does so, but he impugns the motives of men who
perhaps may be as honorable and patriotic as
himself.
Sir, I have read in Peter Pindar that avarice is
a devil; and I have read somewhere else that after
a man becomes wealthy his covetousness is legion,
that it is a host of devils; and I never saw it ex-
emplified so fairly and plainly as on this floor.
Why, how are all taxes laid? If I have a four-
wheeled carriage and ride in it to church on the
Sabbath, I expect that carriage to be assessed
with the duty put on such articles by this Con-
gress. If I have not a carriage and go on foot,
I escape the tax, and the gentleman who rides
pays the tax. What is the difference here? Upon
the first thousand, two thousand, or three thou-
sand, 1 pay the same tax with him. I ask no dis-
crimination in favor of my modicum. To the
extent to which we are enabled to go together, I
pay as much as hedoes, although I cannot afford
it to the same extent. When he rises up to his
$50,000 or more, upon the surplus over $25,000
he pays a tax which I do not pay, because I have
not the property to be assessed. Thatis the only
reason I do not pay it; notbecause I have not the
inclination, but because I have not the subject-
matter to be assessed. Cannot the gentleman see
the difference? I am willing to pay. I pay ho
far as my property subjects me to payment. He
does not. He refuses. I present my means and
pay accordingly. He presents his means and will
not pay accordingly. There is the difference be-
tween us. He is craving for himself and the mil-
lionaires throughout the country an exemption
from duty which no poorpa'trioticman asks to be
