1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2915
take the earnest advice of your venerable Chief
Justice Shaw and other conservative patiiots like
him, and erase from your statute-book all your
unconstitutional legislation; it was because in
Ohio and other States, members of Congress like
those opposite from my own State gave aid and
comfort to rebellion against the authority of the
United States, going so far as to pledge in the name
of the State its military power to break down by
armed resistance the law made on this subject. It
was because of these outrages, these breaches of
the fundamental compact, that the southern States
shot so madly fiom their proper spheres and
brought on this terrible conflict. These were the
grievances of which they complained, not suffi-
cient to justify their revolution, but of sufficient
magnitude and importance to demand from us
redress.
Gentlemen say that this matter does not belong
to thd Federal Congress but to the States. I un-
derstand that to be the doctrine of my fn.fid from
Massachusetts who.sits near me. Does he ever
expect Massachusetts to pass a law for the rendi-
tion of fugitives from labor? No, sir.
Mr.BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The ques-
tion here is not what Massachusetts will do, but
what this Congress will do.
Mr. COX. The gentleman proposes that Con-
gress shall repeal this law, and he does not pro-
pose that Massachusetts should enact a law to
carry out this injunction of the Constitution.
Why? Because Massachusetts does not act in
good faith.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I deny
that.
Mr. COX. The repeal of this law is not in-
tended in good faith. No man on that side of the
House expects that Massachusetts, or Ohio, or
Wisconsin will pass a law for the return of fugi-
tiveslaves. Who dreams ofit ? Who proposes it?
Some few years ago when a Democrat in the Le-
gislature of Ohio proposed by resolution to carry
out the Constitution by State action, the party on
the other side of the House voted to table the
resolution. I would not vote for such a resolu-
tion myself, because a law of this kind should be
uniform throughout the United States. As gen-
eral power is given to the Federal Government by
the Constitution, it was intended to be exercised in
a general way. This has been the practice and
the interpretation of the Constitution from the
beginning of the century down to the present
time.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. By what
clause of the Constitution ?
Mr. COX. By the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution. I am sorry the gen-
tleman has not read a clause so familiar to almost
everybody in this country.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Please
read the clause which gives Congress the power
to legislate in reference to fugitive slaves.
Mr. COX. I would not have my constituents
think I was so ignorant, or had a seat in a body
so ignorant, that I had to read that old familiar
clause of the Constitution about the return of
fugitive slaves.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman cannot find it.
Mr. COX. That is because I do not wear spec-
tacles, I presume. I say that from the beginning
of the Government to the present time there has
been a uniform opinion upon this subject. Why,
sir, that great man who presided over the birth
of the Constitution, George Washington, and who
urged its adoption upon the States, was the same
great man who signed the fugitive slave law of
1793. History says, too, that he was the fust man
to have a slave reclaimed under that law, a slave
thatescaped and was hidden somewhere in thecity
of Boston. It is said around me here that the
fugitive slave of Geoige Washington took refuge
in the district of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, but I have no authority upon that point at
present. All I can state now is that the fact was
stated in a debate here m December, 1859, by
General Curtis, of Iowa. It is a curious tact that
Gi'nt'ial Washington, m 1196, had a slave woman
who left the seivi.ee of his wife and went into
New England, in a letter to Mr. Whipple he
a.sked for her restoration under the law of 1793.
lie stated the fact of her cscape,and claimed the
benefit of the law.
Mi. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I will say
that a man who hunts for his liberty findsagreat
deal of sympathy in my district.
Mr. COX. They who hunt for constitutional
liberty in Massachusetts find no sympathy; but
they who seek for that liberty which knows no
law, and which breaks down constitutional re-
straints, find there sympathy and devotees by the
thousands in Massachusetts.
It is a maxim of the common law, as it is of
common sense, thatevcry right to be of any avail
must have its remedy. The Constitution is no
exception to this rule. For every right therein
asserted there must be a remedy somewhere.
Where is this remedy, then, if not in Federal legis-
lation? No respectable party ever disputed tins.
The old Whig party never disputed as to this rem-
edy by Federal legislation. ,It was left for these
men of the higher law dispensation, the new lights
of this day of war and revolution, men who have
been borne here within a few years past upon the
wavesof fanaticism, to find outall these newinter-
pretations of the Constitution. The great men of
1793 whom 1 have named, and those of 1850, your
Clays, your Wfcbsters, your Douglases, men of
that giant mold and whole-hearted patriotism
which took in all the States by a common bond,
never questioned the power or the mode and expe-
diency of its exercise by the Federal Government
to carry out this clause of the Constitution.
Mr. COLE, of California. 1 would ask the
gentleman if he would return the fugitive slave of
a rebel.
Mr. COX. No, sir.
Mr. COLE, of California. In the next place,
suppose the fugitive slave of a Union man had
joined the Union Army, would you take him out
of the lanks of the Army and return him to his
master ?
Mr. COX. I would comply with the law. I
would remand the case to the commissioner to be
decided under the law.
Mr. COLE, of California. Thcgentleman can
answer " yes" or l{ no." If you were the com-
missioner before whom the case was brought,
would you take him from the Union ranks and
remand him to his master?
Mr. COX. I would try to carry out the law
in every respect.
Mr. COLE, of California. I want a direct an-
swer; would you or would you not?
Mr. COX. I do not see how I can answer my
friend any more directly or satisfactorily. I am
entirely frank about it. I would comply with
the law as it exists. I would break it under no
circumstances.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask the gentle-
man how he would interpret the law in that re-
spect; whether, under the law as it exists, he
would return the slave to his master under such
circumstances.
Mr. COX. I would comply with the fugitive
slave law; and if the master were a rebel I would
catch and try and punish him.
Mr. COLE, of California. Would you return
the slave of a Uniton man ?
Mr. COX. Of coursc I would. Would the
gentleman refuse to cairy out the law because it
happened to be a Union man that owned the slave ?
Mr. COLE, of California. Not as I interpret
it. The gentleman will not answer my question.
Mr. COX. 1 have answered his question. He
knows it. Hut how can he act with the other side
of the Mouse, who have attained their political po-
sition by advising the infraction of this law, and
the disregard of the decisions of the courts of the
; United States? How can he act with thatsideof
I the House who declare that they will not obey
| the Constitution with respcct to the fugitive slave
! law when thatConstitution comes in conflict with
' their own conceptions?
j Mr. BLAINE. I want to. ask the gentleman
i from Ohio a question. I was not entiiely satis-
; fied with his response to the question propounded
I by the gentleman from California, [Mr. Cole.]
, The gentleman is lectuiing the House upon lus
I views of the Constitution and the laws enacted
j under it, and theiefoie 1 piesume he will not in
i the slightest degree iefuse to give us his views
: upon any particular application of the law. 1 he
! laws of the United Staus now allow the enlist-
ment of negroes, and there are a gieat many slaves
of Union men m the service.
Mr. COX. Come to the question; I want the
question; but do not make it too sharp.
Mr. BLAINE. Those negroes are regularly
enlisted in tiie Army, and I want to know if the
gentleman would return them to their alleged
owners. Do not dodge the question by saying
that the commissioner will decide the case when
ir arises. Here is a negro in the ranks of the
Army belonging to a loyal owner: would he re-
turn that negro to his master? I do not want the
gentleman to go offand say that the commissioner
would decide so and so; I wish him to give the ,
House his own view of the law.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not want me
to answer the question except just as he wishes
I should.
Mr. BLAINE. I want you to answer yes or
no.
Mr. COX. Learn to put your questions di-
rectly without preface.
Mr. BLAINE. Would the gentleman return
to a loyal owner his slave, found in the ranks of
the Union Army,fighting for the preservation of
the Government? Js that direct enough to suit
the impatient gentleman ?
Mr. COX. I would *ieturn any slave stolen
from his legal master, and let that slave take the
consequences of the military law.
Mr. BLAINE. I hear the answer of thcgen-
tleman from Ohio, but I cannot catch its meaning.
Mr. COX. And I guess that very few peo-
ple ever catch their slaves under present circum-
stances. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to say that unless the slave be stolen he
would not return him.
Mr. COX. If I were a commissioner under
the law I would return every man whom the law
required to be returned.
Mr BLAINE. But does the law require a man
to be returned who is in the ranks of the Union
Army ? The gentleman skillfully attempts to
evade that question.
Mr. COX. The gentleman skillfully puts a
question and doggedly shuts his ears to the an-
swer. The law was never made in view of a
condition of things like the present.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I understand the gentle-
man to say that he would return men to slavery
from the ranks of the Union Army.
Mr. COX. I would return any man now in
arms who has been wrongfully taken from his
master, and then I would let the proper tribunal
decide whether he properly belonged to the mili-
tary service or not.
Mr. BLAINE. Are the men who are in the
Army wrongfully taken?
Mr. COX. 1 ask the gentleman that. Were
they wrongfully taken?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Then I have nothing more to say
to the gentleman on that point. The answer is
obvious.
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, but obvious as the an-
swer may be, the gentleman fails fo give it. But
I will putanotherquestion. Supposearunaway
slave, one not taken by law from his master, en-
lists and is found iri the ranks of the Union Army
and is claimed as a fugitive slave, what does ha
think about that?
Mr. COX. J will tell the gentleman what I
think about it. I opposed putting the black men
in the Army in the firstplace. I said there would
be trouble about the exchange of prisoners. I
warned the House against that policy earnestly,
in the interest of our white soldiers who have
been kept in prison by reason of this inft*nous
militaiy policy as to black soldiers. I do not
believe that the Army has been strengthened one
jot or tittle by these black men. I believe they
arc a positive weakness to the Union Army and
the Union cause. General Grant does not use
them. He does not put them in the front. He
does not fight them. ITe knows their worth or
svorthlessnoss. He-uses them where he can, but
takes care where he places them.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me tell the gentleman that
there are more than one hundred and fifty wounded
negroes in one hospital at Fortress-Monroe.
Mr. COX. The gentleman may find one hun-
dred and fifty blacks wounded out of one hundred
and fifty thousand soldiers. They were with But-
ler. The wondensthatany escaped. ButGnneral
Grant is too ^illfui and able a general to put him-
self and black* men against General Lee and his
white men-
