2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. BLAINE. I do not see the pertinency of
that to my question.
Mr. COX. I will show the gentleman. I would
be'willing to lei the black soldiers in our Army
be taken home to their loyal owners, and if the
war must go on, leave to the white men the honor
and duty of carrying on the war for the consti-
tutional liberties of white men. .
Mr. BLAINE. Precisely; but 1 still fail to see
the pertinency of the gentleman's harangue. I
recognize in it the sentiments and the phrases of
a stump speech which I had the pleasure of hear-
ing from nim more than once before. But it has
no relevancy to my question.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is mistaken. I never
discussed the subject-matter of his question be-
fore in my life. He imagines it to be a stump
speech, because, in his familiar parlance, it is a
stumper to him. True, I gave him a general an-
swer.
Mr. BLAINE, duke a general one.
Mr. COX. Then I will not yield any further.
If I cannot make him understand, it is not my
fault.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all.
Mr. COX. I do not think the gentleman is so
stupid as that he cannot understand it. The trou-
ble is he does not want to understand it.
Mr. BLAINE. I understand distinctly that the
gentleman does not wish to give me a direct an-
swer.
Mr. COX. I have answered all direct questions
directly; and indirect questions I have answered
directly and indirectly. What more can I do?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. You have
answered every way but directly.
Mr. COX. Oh, Mr.Speaker, I think the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has been most thor-
oughly answered.
The majority want to nullify this constitutional
clause as to fugitives by repealing all laws to
execute it, and they do not provide any remedy
instead of the law, or suggest any other mode for
carryingouttheconstitutional right. They would,
in their impulsive movements against slavery,
shatter the Constitution. They have undertaken
unwisely to keep up this crusade against slavery,
with a view, as I charge, to prevent the States
South from ever returning to the Union, and to
their old relations under the Constitution. They
would imbitter the loyal men South against us,
and thus weaken the bond of Union. They
deepen the abyss between us and the insurgent
• States.
This is strange enough when we consider that
those who thus act call themselves the Union
party. But there is still a stranger anomaly. I
cannot understand why these gentlemen would
destroy the only method of carrying out this ex-
tradition system of our Constitution, and yet the
other day, when a Spanish subject was arrested
by our authorities, and taken from our shores
•which he sought as an asylum, these gentlemen
sustained such extraordinary action. Against the
Constitution, without law, without treaty, with-
outevidence, withoutjury trial, without warrant,
without information, byexecutive power,usurp-
ing the treaty power, usurping the law-making
power, usurping the power of the judiciary, this
Administration delivered to Spam a white refugee;
and this Congress, with cringmgobsequiousness,
bowed before executive dictation and by their
legislative action said, "All right, Mr. President,
you can seize a white man and take him from the
country in defiance of the great right of asylum,
but when a black man, escaping from one State
to another, and whom we are commanded by the
Constitution to deliver up, and under the sanction
of our oath to make laws for such delivery, we
break down the constitutional clause and the* laws
sanctioned by the judiciary in order to create in
the North an asylum for the blacks of the South."
When awhile man from another nation is torn
away, and the practice and usage of all free and
civilized nations is outraged, gentlemen on that
side stifle proper resolutions of condemnation.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. The gentleman
will ailow me to ask him a question for inclina-
tion. In the case referred to by tbe gentleman
fiom Ohio, was the man charged with crime or
was "he not?
Mr. 1UGBY. I object to further interruptions.
Mr. COX. 1 say to my friend fiom New York
that that white man was charged with a crime in
newspapers, by clamor, but not legally. There
was no charge, no warrant, no information, and
no trial. I defy gentlemen to give me a resolution
of inquiry, to ascertain whether the Executive or
the Secretary ofState had anything in writing but
the request of the Spanish minister upon which
to base the arrest and extradition of this Spaniard,
seeking an asylum in this country. Upon the re-
quest of SenorTassara, the Spanish minister, Mr.
Seward issued his rescript and the man was taken
from the privacy of his own room, without the
knowledge of his wife, who was in the next cham-
ber. He was hurried on board a steamer, was hur-
ried off to Havana, and is there held as a criminal
to be tried. Yet gentlemen upon the other side dare
noteondemn that. Why? Because it was alleged
that he was engaged in some way in the slave trade.
Well, some one with less sense than sensibility
may cry out, " Oh! you are the defender of the
slave trade and slave trader/' There is only
one answer to this: the monosyllabic answer,
"Pshaw." 1 defend no crime when I defend the
right of asylum; nor do 1 defend slavery when
i oppose the repeal of the constitutional law for
the rendition of slaves.
It has been said that this Spanish subject,
Colonel Arguelles, was engaged in the slave trade,
and hence an enemy of the human race. The
truth is that he was not engaged in that trade.
Slaves had been landed in the district of Colon,
in Cuba, under his jurisdiction, and those slaves,
as it was alleged, he had sold after they were
landed and confiscated, and having made money
out of the transaction in violation of his duty he
had fled to this country. There was no proof of
all this. It was theonJy allegation, however, and -
itmaybetrue. Suppose it were. The charge is
simply that of a breach of the municipal law of
Spain. He is not, then, in the legal sense, as
Mr. Seward asserted, an enemy of the human
race. He was not a pirate in any legal or moral
sense, but a criminal under the laws of Spam.
He could only be delivered to Spain under a tieaty
or a statute, and neither existed between this
country and Spain. Yet gentlemen who are be-
coming so careful about the personal liberty of
black men as to refuse to lender them up in pur-
suance of the Constitution sustain the extradition
of a white man without evidence, law, treaty, or
constitutional authority. If there were a treaty
between Spain and the United States similar to
this authority in our Constitution with legard to
the rendition of black fugitives, no indignation
would ever have been hurled by a hospitable peo-
ple, proud of their system ofasyium under our once
iree Government, against its present perfidious
administrators. Upon the same principle, or
want of principle", Gy which the Executive gave
up this Spaniard, they would have surrendered
Thomas Francis Meagher, a criminal convicted
by the judicial tyranny of England, Professor
Agassiz, the savant whom the world delights to
honor, and every other man of great or little note
who comes here from abroad.
We have had many humiliations since the
present Administration came into power. We
have bowed humbly before the throne of the
French usurper, at the beck of an arrogant for-
eign minister, and allowed an Austrian prince
and an imperial dupe to bear a crown from Eu-
rope to our continent, and sway a scepter over a
democratic republic with which we were in
friendly alliance. We have had domestic humili-
ations by the forcible abduction, imprisonment,
and exile of our citizens without law or trial.
We have had our very thoughts pinioned, our
presses manacled, and our writs of right and
liberty annulled. For all these we place our
hands upon our mouths m shame; but for this
last humiliation, by which America is no longer
the home of the oppressed or the refuge of the
foreigner, by which we are made the hissing
and byword of the nations, we cast our mouths
in the dust m abjectest degradation. We are
put to cruel shame before all civilized nations,
nay, before even half-civilized nations.
Turkey once protected the Hungarian patriot,
Kossuth; Svvitzeilaiid protects all political refu-
gees in the midst of Europe, and stands there in
her lepublican simplicity and faith as firm as
hereverlasting mountains against the oppressions
around her. We protected the half-made citizen
JCotza in an Asiatic harbor, and lescued him from
an Austrian ship; but this was when we had a
Democrat to represent us in our foreign affairs
like William L. Marcy. But while thia national
Congress stops in the midst of a great civil war
to sow new dissensions in our midst by unwise
legislation like this for black fugitives, it has
shown its servile timidity before the usurpations
of our Executive, and has allowed the Ictire de
cachet of the French monarch to be reissued un-
der the great seal of the United States without a
murmur of dissent or denunciation. We are dis-
graced before the world by the violation of the
great feature of ourlsystem of polity. What new
humiliation is in store for us?
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that I am not traveling
out of the range of proper discussion by refer-
ring to this matter of the extradition of a for-
eigner without treaty or law. I have considered
it fully. I hope before Congress adjourns that
the Committee on the Judiciary will report a bill
for the purpose of punishing such officers as
dare lay their hantls upon refugees who afe here
from countries with which .jve have no treaty,
and in cases where there is no law for their deliv-
ery. Such refugees have the right to shoot down
the officers who thus arrest them, and be entirely
innocent of crime. Refugees under such circum-
stances would have the right to sue Mr. Lincoln,
Mr. Seward, or the marshal of NewYork for false
imprisonment, because of the absence of all law
and all treaty in relation to that subject.
What inference do I draw from this? That in
my opinion, as to all matters of rendition, whether
of fugitives from service or justice, or of political
refugees, there is always some law required to
carry out in good faith the treaty or agreement
upon those subjects. Hence, as between these
United States, we had placed here in this second
section of the fourth article of theConstitution that
any person charged with treason, felony, or other
crime fleeing from one State to another should be
delivered up, and Congress passed a law to carry
that out. Forthepurposeof delivering up persons
accused of crime in one State and fleeing to another,
papers are prepared, a prima facie case is made
out, and a quasi trial is had. These are indispensable
toexecutiveaction amongourStates. So m regard
to fugitives from labor, the same preiiminanesare
requiied. Proof, a hearing before the commis-
sioner, and warrants for the delivery up of the
fugitive to the claimant, these prerequisites are a
part of a system as to all renditions.
it is laid down in every authority on interna-
tional law, and by statesmen who have had in-
stances before them m this country in the vari-
ous cases growing out of the treaties with Great
I Britain, France, and other countries, that there
can be no rendition of any one from one State to
another, except in pursuance of some treaty or
law specially made to effectuate the object.
Indeed, m this very case of Arguelles, when
our consul at Havana was informed of the flight
of Arguelles to New York with a view to his rec-
lamation, the consul at once said that, in the ab-
sence of a treaty, no reclamation could be had;
that if it were had it would be an "exceptional
measure." In this view he is confirmed by Judge
Story in his Conflict of Laws; by the practice of
this Government inacase asearly as 1792, when
Mr. Jefferson urged a treaty with Spain; in an-
other case underthejay treaty in 1799; in another
case under Washington's Administration m 1797,
for the rendition to Spain of certain criminals
from Florida, then a Spanish province; in another
case in 1821, when William Wirt, as Attorney
General, held that the Executive had no power
to arrest a refugee, except for the violation of our
own Uuvs; in another case in 183i, of a Portu-
guese pirate, wherein Attorney Grueial Taney
decided the same principle; and in various other
cases up to the time of our civil war, whoie, in a
I case of demand by Mr. Seward for rebels held by
j Spain, the Spanish minister of State himself, Mi-
! raflores, insisted on a treaty of extradition as a
: prerequisite to the delivery. It makes my Amer-
ican blood tingle to read the eloquent vindication
of this great right from the lips of the minister
before the Cortes of Spain. 1 insert it here as the
better sentiment of what is left of the free white
men of America:
•• Tin) right to give asylum to political refugees m such
maoner looted in the habits, in such ->orr interwoven v\ ifh
th«; nlca> of toietance of the piG^ent century, and ha-? Mich
tn quem, genci <>us, ami bene'iceiit applications in the ex-
traordinary and on&angutned political contents of the tune*
we live m, that there ta no nation In the world which dare*
