1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2917
to deny this rijrht, and, moreover, not any one that can re-
nounce irs exercHP, VViiat would become of the most emi-
nent men of out days if, m the political tempests in which
suece-* iii.iy be against tbeni. they could not protect them-
selves beneath the inviolable mantis of foreign hospitality,
offeiiii^ to thrill haply a lneinll> couitity, whete they may
bieathe muiquil and  afe; hnpiya-iholierwhose thresholds
their pmMie^s cannot ovorr-tep, or haply, in line, the shadow
of a national flay floating in a port? fn such eases it can
be said that the flag which shield-* them ia not merely the
ensign of a foreign nation, but rather the banner of human-
ity and civilization, under whose ample folds all those can
he icceived vviio are pursued because they are enemies,
rathei than becMU&e thoy are criminals. We are empow-
ered, therefore, and wo ought to give asylum on board our
vessels of war in the, United States to political refugees.
The limitation of asylum lies in the offense. *dsylum ought
not to sctve to «ire impunity to those guilty of ordinary
crimes; that would be to eneoutage ci ime, and no civilizcd
nation may do that. But it may be said that it is not ea«y
for the commander of a s-hip-of-war to know whether the
inan who pie«ents himself on board, asking for asylum, is
or not guiltv of ordinary crimes. In such cases the com-
mander should leqmre Jus word of honor that he has not
committed such oftensps. P.iu should ho give that, and
it should aftei wards turn out that he has lied, there could
be no difficulty in handing over to the authorities a man
who to formei offences had added that of the abu^e of good
faith, in being wanting to his parole. Jhid if the Govern-
ment of Washington wishes to acquire a perfect and positive
right to the delivery to them of those °uilty of ordinary
crimes, it will he enabled tz do so by means of a treaty of ex-
tradition, to the vontlin>ionof which the Spanish Government
would not oppose itself, as it has not rejw>ed to conclude such
with other Slutes."1'
I need not call the roll of English judges or
statesmen who have spoken to the same effect with
legal learning and indignanteloquence. The Creole
case gave rise to these discussions in the English
Parliament. The great names of Aberdeen, Den-
man, Campbell, Brougham, and others might be
cited, to show that the sanctity of asylum can
only be invaded in pursuance of treaty or of
statute.
Yet, in defiance of all precedent, practice, and
authority, this House proposes not to repeal the
constitutional clause requiring fugitives from la-
bor to be delivered up, but, preserving that clause,
to nullify it altogether by repealing the law by
which alone the clause can be executed.
On the charitable assumption that gentlemen on
the other side intend to execute the Constitution,
I say that it is indispensable that some law should
exist to carry it out. As in the case of a treaty,
as in the Arguelles case, so in the case of a fugi-
tive slave there must be some law to carry out
the treaty or clause of rendition. To repeat the
law made for that purpose, is a cowardly blow at
the Constitution itself. It is a breach of faith, a
breach of treaty; and between independent na-
tions would be a casus belli. Between States
banded like ours under a Constitution, it is a fla-
grant violation of a sacrtd compact.
I know that 1 may be considered as having wan-
dered in discussing thisSpanish case, but the ma-
jority here would not allow me to discuss it upon
my resolution offered last Monday. They called
for the previous question to smother discussion.
They referred it by a hostile vote to a hostile
committee. Therefore I choose, on the subject
ofthe rendition offugitive slaves, to show how the
Administration is illustrating the rendition of an-
other class of persons. The law in the one case
is analogous to the law in the other. Wherever
there has been a treaty with any nation in respect
to any person fleeing from one nation to another,
there has been a law to carry that out. The gen-
tlemen propose to repeal a similar law in the case
offugitive slaves. What do they propose to do
in addition ? Nothing. They leave this part of
the Constitution a dead letter. They leave it not
to law, but to the passions of the claimants to
rescue their slaves.
Mr. SLOAN rose.
Mr. H1GEY. I object to any further inter-
ruption.
Mr. COX. I have a special reason for yield-
ing to the gentleman. I wish to call the atten-
tion ofthe gentleman from Wisconsin to the fact
that the Republicans in his State long since repu-
diated the fugitive slave law.
Mr. SLOAN. I would like to reply to the
gentleman.
Mr. 1I1GBY. I withdraw ray objection.
Mr. SLOAN. I rose for the purpose of ask-
ing the gentleman from Ohio whether he believes,
as has been announced upon that side of the
House, that slavery is dead.
Mr. COX. Then I ask the gentleman does he
believe slavery is dead?
Mr. SLOAN. That is the question I put.
Mr. COX. I put it to the gentleman first, as
my opinion may be influenced by his judgment.
Mr. SLOAN. I object to that Yankee'mode
of answering a question.
Mr. COX. 1 am not a Yankee. 1 want to
know whether the gentleman thinks slavery is
dead; and then perhaps I may alter my opinion.
Mr. SLOAN. The question is whether the
gentleman from Ohio concurs in the view an-,
nounced by some gentleman upon that side of the
House, that slavery is dead.
Mr. COX. I db not believe that slavery is en-
tirely dead; do you?
Mr. SLOAN. Does the gentleman believe it
will be destroyed by this war and rebellion?
Mr. COX. What would be the use of the re-
peal ofthe fugitive slave law if slavery were alto-
gether dead? Would not the law be a dead letter?
Mr. SLOAN. That is an evasion of the ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. Why bring in this bill if slavery
is dead ?
Mr. SLOAN. In reply, I ask why keepalive
this law for the rendition of fugitive slaves if
slavery is already dead?
Mr. COX. Because I am informed by gentle-
men here from Kentucky, whatl know to be true,
that there are loyal men yet slaveholders. I would
give them the benefit of the compact which our
fathers made with their fathers. Would not you ?
Mr. SLOAN. That is an evasion. Does the
gentleman believe slavery is dead ?
Mr.'COX. No, sir. Do you?
Mr. SLOAN. 1 believe it oitght to die; [laugh-
ter;] and 1 believe it will die if the loyal people of
this country succeed in putting down the rebel-
lion.
Mr. COX. So, on the other hand, I want you
to die—politically—but you do not. [Laughter.]
God in heaven hasten that day; but you are not
entirely dead yet.
Mr. SLOAN. Does the gentleman believe that
the institution of slavery will survive the issue of
this war and rebellion ?
Mr. COX. Now the gentleman compliments
me by thinking I am prophetic enough to look
through these dark clouds of Republican policy
and these red clouds of civil war into our future.
I cannot see that the institution of slavery will be
altogether erased by this war. i think it was dying
inch by inch, under the blows of war, until the
President revived and stimulated rebellion by his
African policies and proclamation. But I do not
believe that slavery is yet altogether dead, though
we must confess it is rather unhealthy and proba-
bly may die.
Mr. fcvLOAN. There was no compliment m
the question I asked. I supposed the gentleman
at least possessed the ordinary intelligence of the
members of this House, and that he had some
settled convictions on the subject of whether this
war would extinguish the institution of slavery,
and I supposed he must have had an object in
desiring to have this fugitive slave law continued
upon our statute-book. If slavery is not to sui-
vive the war this is a useless and obsolete statute,
and ought to be wiped from the statute-book, for
it has always been, in my judgment, a disgrace
to the nation. But if the gentleman is so strenu-
ous for its continuance upon the statute-book, he
must believe that slavery is not dead nor even in
the process of dying, but is to survive the con-
vulsions of this war, and is looking to the preser-
vation of the guarantees of that accursed institu-
tion after peace is returned.
Mr. COX. I have let the gentleman speak
some time; but he has not returned the courtesy
by answering my question. I answeied his
frankly. What 1 want to know is whether or not
he thinks slavery is already dead.
Mr. SLOAN. No, sir; bull think it is dying,
atid I think the loyal and patriotic men of tins
country will trample its life out in this civil war
and rebellion.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from W isconsm,
of all others, is not the man to talk in that way,
for the reason that he was opposed to the exe-
cution of this fugitive slave law long before tins
rebellion broke out. I understood the gentleman
upon this floor to confess that he once took tue
ground that that law should not be executed, and
he proposed—to use the tembrest expression—
something seditious, something rebellious i re-
sistance to the Federal Government when it un-
dertook to carry out that law in the State of Wis-
consin. I aslc the Clerk, as a part of the logic of
the history of the gentleman, to read what I send
to him.
The Clerk read, as follows :
" Joint resolution relative to the decision of the United
States Supreme Court regarding the supreme court of
Wisconsin.
"Resolved, That the Government framed by tile Consti-
tution ofthe United States was not made the exclusive or
final judge of tile extent of the powers delegated to itself,
but that, as in all other eases of compact among parties
having no common judge, each party has an equal right to
judge for itself as welt of infractions as of the mode and
nlPusnre of redress.
"Resolved. That the principle and construction contended
for by the pally which now rules in the councils of the
nation, that the General Government is the exclusive judge
of the extent of the powers delegated to it, stop nothing
short of despotism, smce the discretion of those who ad-
minister the Government, and not the Constitution, wouid
bo ihe measure of their powers; that the several States
which lorined that instrument, being sovereign and inde-
pendent, have I lie unquestionable right to judge of its in-
fraction, ami that a positive defiance of those sovereignties,
of all unauthorized acts done, or attempted to be done,
under color of that instiument, is the rightful remedy.
''Approved Maich 19. 1859.
"ALEXANDER W. RANDALL, Governor."
Mr. COX. These resolutions were not the im--
pulsive throbbings of a popular meeting, sympa-
thizing ill hot blood " with the panting fugitive,"
but the cool action of a deliberative assembly of
legislative malcontents, determined to provoke,
defy, and resist the Federal Government. The
gentleman defended that action. Where does he
belong? With what grace can he appear here to
justify, as a present necessity, the repeal of that
'law which he defied when no necessity existed,
except the necessity for good faith in its execu-
tion? He is not the man to make the question
for its present repeal. He must justify his for-
cible resistance to the law anterior to this civil
war. He should be placed on the list of rebels;
ami only one tenth of his nature be allowed, on
repentance, to express itself through him!
I i wish to say further, just here, that these res-
I olutions are in part copied from the old Virginia
i and Kentucky resolutions, but not interpreted as
we Democrats interpret them. We interpret
those lesolutions to mean that the mode and
measure of redress which any State might take
for the remedy of grievances should be in pur-
suance of the Constitution by the amendments
thereof. This is Mr. Madison's interpretation
of the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions. But
the Legislature of Wisconsin and the gentlemen
in its defense, as well as the Republicans in
Ohio who proposed similar resolutions in our
State, when they sought to auay Ohio against
! the United Suites, gave to them an interpretation
I precisely similar to that given by South Carolina
I and Alabama when they passed their secession
I ordinances. Claiming the sovereign independence
! ofthe State, and that the Federal Government by
! making itself the exclusive judge of the powers
' delegated to it, and the unquestionable right of
i the State to judge ofthe infraction of the Consti-
! tution, these Republican disunionists of March,
I 1859, hurled down the glove of " positive defi-
: ance," and prepared, as they did in Ohio, "the
| rightful remedy" by forcible resistance. South
! Carolina bettered their example. With the same
I plentiful lack of patriotism and the same plenti-
i ful supply of sedition, she and her sisters in re-
I bellion imitated this bad example.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman allow me a
word ?
Mr. COX. No, sir, not now. 1 want the other
resolution read.
Mr. SLOAN. I appeal to the gentleman in
fairness to allow me a word in reply.
Mr. COX. I think I have done very fairly by
you.
Mr. SLOAN. I think not.
Mr. COX. Before the Clerk reads the other
resolution allow me to say thatwhile the levolu-
tionary resolutions approved by Governor Ran-
dall were pending in'the Wisconsin Legislature,
Mr. Horn offered the following as a substitute,
which was rejected by ayes 36, noes 49—a strict
patty vote; the Democrats voting ay, and the
Republicans no.
The Clerk read, as follows:
' '■ Whereas it would lead to anarchy and a dissolution of
' the Uivon if the interpretation of the Con>ntution should
i iH> u-urtM-d by the diffeient State courts, m opposition to the
I Supreme Oouit ofthe United States, where it was placed by
