896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
of the President of the United States, communi-
cating a report from the Secretary of State and
accompanying papers relative to the claim on this
Government of the owners of the French ship La
Manche, and recommending an appropriation for
the satisfaction of the claim, reported a bill (S.
No. 142) for the relief of the owners of the French
ship La Manche; which was read, and passed to
a second reading:.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 133) in relation to the pay
of cadets at the Military Academy at West Point,
and forother purposes, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia,- to whom was re-
ferred a bill (H. R. No. 163) for the relief of Charles
Anderson, assignee of John James, of Texas,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a memorial of the
National Land-Transfer Association for the State
of Missouri, praying for aid to promote the emi-
gration of skilled laborers to that State, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
PAY OF COLO TIED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was recom-
mitted the joint resolution (S. No. 23) to equalize
the pay of soldiers of the United States Army, to
report back a new bill in lieu of the original joint
resolution.
The bill (S. No. 145) to equalize (he pay of
soldiers in the United States Army was read, and
passed to a second reading.
CIIAItLKS A. PITCHER.
Mr.HENDIUCKS. The Committee onClaims,
to whom was referred the petition of Chatles A.
Pitcher, have directed me to report a joint resolu-
tion for his relief. The committee had no doubt
about the right of this party to compensation; but
they did not feel that Congress was competent to
assess the damages, and therefore they thought
the case ought to be sent to the Court of Claims.
This joint resolution proposes to send the case to
the Court of Claims and to give that court juris-
diction of the claim. As there can be no objec-
tion to it, I ask that the joint resolution may be
put upon its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S.
No. 30) for the relief of Charles A. Pitcher was
read three times, and passed. It recites that on
the lstday of September, 1857, letters patent were
granted to Spencer Rowe for an improvement in
machines for making brooms for the term of four-
teen years; that the patent was by Rowe,on the
4th of December, 1857, sold, transferred, and as-
signed in proper form to John Fox, and on the
Sit day of April, 1801, by Fox to Charles A.
Pitcher, together with all the right and claim
which Fox had to any damages for any infringe-
ment of the patent before then suffered, and au-
thoiizing Pitchei to prosecute and recover for his
own benefit damages for such infringement. Af-
ter the assignment by Rowe to Fox had been
made and recorded, and during the period of the
possession of the patent-right by Fox and by
Pitcher, the improvement and the machine for its
use have been used m the penitentiary of the Uni-
ted States for the Distnct of Columbia, whereby
the United States has enjoyed large gams and
profits in the employment of convict labor. The
resolution therefore pioposes to confer upon the
Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear the claim,
and to allow and adjudge, as in other cases, to
Pitcher what he ought to have for the use of tins
improvement and machine, upon the principle,
however, that punitive damages shall not be al-
lowed against the United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked; and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 143)
making appropriations for the repair, preserva-
tion, and completion of certain public works here-
tofore commenccd under the authority of law;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
tylr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 144)
to amend an act entitled " An act to establish and
equalize the grade of line officers of the United
States Navy," appioved July 16, 18G2; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
146) to enlarge the canals and improve the navi-
gation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,from the
Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, for military,
naval, and commercial purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 265) supple-
mentary to an act entitled " An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, " approved March 3, 1863.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 51) to
establish a Bureau of Freed men's Affairs, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
B. C. BAILEY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up Senate
bill No. 48, for the relief of B. C. Bailey.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to B. C. Bailey $4,496 98, being
for damages for detention and expenses incurred
in the seizure of the ship Argo by the flag-officer
of the blockading fleet, in the month of May, 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report accom-
pany ing the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report.
It will be read.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Commerce, from which it appears that the ship
Argo was under a charter in 1861 to proceed to
City Point, Virginia; thence to Bremen, with a
cargo of tobacco on foreign account; and thence
to (Quebec. While loadingat City Point the ports
of Virginia were blockaded, allowing to owners
until the 15h of May, 1861, to load and clear their
vessels.
The Argo left City Point on the 12th of May,
and was proceeding on her voyage to Bremen, and
on the 14th of May, at Hampton Roads,was seized
and taken possession of by the United States flag-
oflicer of the blockading fleet, and sent to New
York as prize of war.
The ship was held in custody of officers of the
United States at the latter place until the 24th
of May, when she was released, and afterwards
returned to the custody of the captain, by order
of the Secretary of the Navy, no legal proceed-
ings having been instituted.
The owner of the ship Argo presents a claim
against the Government for money paid in New
York, the port to which she was taken, being her
expenses, &c., $2,05 J 60. For damages of deten-
tion eighteen days from her seizure at Hampton
Roads on the l-lth of May, and her discharge
and depaiture on her voyage from New Yoik on
the 31st of that month, estimated at $5 50 per
ton per month, $3,557 34. For damages con-
sequent on the delay of the ship at New York,
whereby she lost her return cargo at Bremen,
which was to be taken on a given day, $3,000.
For extra insurance, by reason of being late at the
river St. Lawrence, on her return voyage, $800;
and for loss of two anchois and one cable, §490.
The committee deem a claim for disbursements
and expenses in the port of NewYork, the direct
result of her detention by the Government, and
also the damage for detention, should be paid by
the Government; but claims for supposed loss of
return cargo at Bremen, money paid for insurance,
loss of anchors and cable, do not fall within the
same principle; the contingency upon which they
are based remote and uncertain, and are not such
as the Government can recognize as just. The
committee estimate the expenses and disburse-
ment at New Yoik at $1,916 98, and damages
for detention eighteen days, at four dollars per
ton per month, one thousand and seventy-five
tons, $2,580.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view to take up Senate bill No. 125,
which was before the Senate the other day.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask what it is?
Mr. SHERMAN. The foreign immigration
bill. I think it will take but a little while to pass it.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 125) to encourage immi-
gration was resumed as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are one or two verbal
amendments that I desire to make. In line two
of the second section 1 wish to strike out the word
"foreign" before 44 immigration." It does not
change the meaning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line seventeen of the
same section I move to strike out the word " one"
and insert " the next," so as to read, " during the
next fiscal year."
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ This amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Inline twenty-nine of the
same section I move to strike out the word " an-
nual" and insert " during the next fiscal year."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be made, if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and it was read the third time, and passed.
ARMY OF TIIE POTOMAC.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a personal explana-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota asks the consent of the Senate to sub-
mit a personal explanation. The Chair hears no
objection. The Senator will proceed.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hold in my hand, Mr.
President, the Boston Post of February 24, con-
taining a speech of Governor Andrew in Faneuil
Hall at the reception of the twenty-fourth Mas-
sachusetts regiment. In that speech Governor
Andrew said:
" I observed with keen regret, in a congressional debate
sketched in this morning's newspaper, come lemaiks which
1 might have called unpatriotic did I not believe them
thoughtless, quoted trom the hps of a gentleman occupying
the position and who ought to say nothing unbecoming a
statesman. lie attempted a contiast of the soldiers ot the
East with the soldieis of the West. lie affirmed that the
eas-tein troops had as jet done nothing but to carry on a
pendulum dance between the Potomac and the Rapjdan,
while they of the West had beaten rebel armies and had
opened the Mississippi. 1 need not pause to lepei the taunt
against the army of the Potomac."
And in a brief editorial on the first page of that
paper the following language occurs:
"Eastern Troops.—We have already printed a ptetty
full abstract of the Governor^ speech at the reception of
the twenty-fourth leguncut on Saturday; but in justice to
eastern tmops generally we lee! bound to publish it in full,
as repoitod ioi the Bosion Journal; bi'cau^e u pteseuts a
manly and conclusive ai^wer to the slur cast upon them
by Senator Wilkinson ot Minnesota, on the floor of the
United States Senate. The Sonatoi was  hai ply u.phed to
by Mr. Fessenden, but not with that piecision and array
of facts which render Governoi Andiew's remarks so tri-
umphant a refutation ot the calumny uttered upon biave and
taitbUii men honorably serving their countiy. See tho
iouith pape."
So, Mr. President, I have pretty good reason
to believe that I am the Senator alluded to by the
distinguished Governor of Massachusetts. His
excellency, it seems, based his remarks upon what
he says he observed sketched in a morning news-
paper; and taking for granted that what he saw
" sketched" as the report of a congressional de-
bate, contained a full and fair statement of the de-
bate as it took place in the Senate, he proceeded
in the most formal manner, in old Faneuil Hall,
the cradle of American liberty, in the presence of
the brave, patriotic, war-worn veterans of Mas-
sachusetts, to arraign me for making an unpatri-
otic attack upon the noble citizen soldiers whom
he was addressing.
Mr. President, I do not think that as a general
rule it is profitable to notice here in the Senate
what may be said or written of its members out-
side of this body; but,sir, I also think that there
