2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
those who mutually pledged to each other their' Jives, their
fortunes, ami theirt acred honor;' Therefore,
" Resolved, That we will abide by the decisions of the
Supreme Churl of the United States, declared by said court
to be constitutional, without regaid to ou r private views and
feelings."
" Mr. COX. The gentleman defends this action
in voting down such resolutions. He thereby
defended and helped along the causes of " disso-
lution. " Is he not, therefore, equally with the
revolutionists South guilty of bringing these dire
calamities upon the laud?
Mr. ASHLEY. I want to ask my colleague
at what time the party of which i am a mem-
ber ever passed such resolutions ?
Mr. COX. Such resolutions were adopted in
May, 1859, in Ohio, after the rescue case in Cleve-
land; and the gentleman himself is put down as
one of the committee on resolutions on that oc-
casion. I have here the Ohio State Journal of
May 26, 1859, in which my colleague figures as
one of the leading men in that great secession-
abolition movement in Ohio. I will do him the
justice to say that four years afterwards, when
told, for the first time as it seemed, that his name
was recorded as one of the members of that
convention, the gentleman's memory had at once
all the watets of oblivion roiled over it, and he
had forgotten all about the interest he took in
that meeting.
Mr. ASHLEY. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. COX. With great pleasure
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 want to say that the party to
which I am attached never, in State convention
in. Ohio, passed such a resolution; that I never
was present in any convention when such a res-
olution was passed; and that I never subscribed
to that doctrine.
Mr. COX. 1 did not say it was at a State con-
vention. But now I say thatat a State convention
of the Republican party on the 13th of July, 1855
—the first Republican convention in Ohio—this
resolution was passed:
That the people, who constitute the supreme power in
the United Irftaies, should gnatd with jealous- care the
light* of the seveial States, as independent governments.
No encjoaehirients upon their legislative or judicial prciog- ;
atiees fhould be pcimitted from any quaiter."
This was done at the nomination of Mr. Chase
for Governor, who on acccpttng it said that "the
independence and sovereignty of the State in her
legislature and judiciary must be asserted and
maintainedThe gentleman supported the res-
olution and nominee. The object of the party
then was to get up a controversy with the Federal
authority and break it down by State action.
But the convention to which 1 had particular
reference was a great gathering at Cleveland; as
the report says, "the influx of all the surround-
ing countiy." About ten thousand men came
in with banners, singing revolutionary rounde-
lays; and this great mob of persons was addressed
by Governor Denison in a letter, and by Gov-
ernor Chase in person. My colleague [Mr.
Spalding] presided and made a speech—the only
sensible speech of the grand occasion. I always
supposed that my colleague was also there in
person.
Mr. ASHLEY. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Then my colleague never disa-
vowed it until this moment.
Mr. ASHLEY. I was neyer called upon to
disavow it.
Mr. COX. It was published all over Ohio at
the time. The gentleman has received the polit-
ical benefits of ins cooperation with that move-
ment of the "sons of liberty;" and it is too late
now to disavow it after it has been heralded for
months and years as one of the great signs of
anti-slavery advancement. [ pass by the frothy
declamation of the speakers, inciting revolution,
to quote for my colleague the "declaration"
which was adopted with great enthusiasm:
" This assembly of the people of Ohio, holding—
<l That, next to our duty to the Supreme Being, la the
obligation to preserve our free institutions and our em] lib-
erties ;
"That the greatest tyrants have been those whose titles
have been least questioned ;
" That every violation of the Constitution should be
watched with jealousy and resented with spirit;
That the history of every free people has shown the im-
possibility of a eoididl compliance with Jaws which neither
embody nor execute the public will;
" That the enforcement of .such laws, against an unwill-
ing people, is productive only of evils threatening public
order, and the stability of governmental institution*."
The enforcement of law against an "unwilling
people !" Why, the sentiment is the very bold-
ness and badness of secession, the parent of civil
strife, the source of all our woes. Holding thus,
that meeting proceeded to declare:
" That the several States composing the United States of
America are not united on the principle of unlimited sub-
mi^ion to their General Government, but thatby compact,
under the style and title of a Constitution for the United
States, and of amendments thereto, they constituted a Gen-
eral Government for certain definite powers, reserving each
State to itself the residuary mass of right to their own self-
government; and that whensoever the General Govern-
ment assumes undelegated powers, its acts are unauthoii-
tative, void, and of no force, and being void, can derive no
validity from mere judicial intei pretation ; that to this com-
pact each State acceded as a State, and is an integral party;
that this Government created by this compact was not made
the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers dele-
gated to itself, since that would havo made its discretion
and not the Constitution the measure of its poweis>; but
that, in ail other ca=es of compact among parties having no
common jud?e, each party has an equal right to judge for
lbclf, as weli of infractions as of the mode and measure of
redress."
For years in Ohio this doctrine ran its round
ofruin, under the sanction ofmy colleague's [Mr.
Ashley's] name, and this is his first open disa-
vowal of it! That meeting gave its interpretation
of the "mode and measure of redress" by ex-
pressions of resistance, which resulted in a pledge
from the Republican government to use the arms
of Ohio against the Federal authority. Ball cart-
ridges were ordered to be manufactured to carry
out these designs of bloody revolution.
Whether my colleague helped to draw these
resolutions, or by his absence and subsequent ac-
quiescence in theifi, with his name attached, tacitly
favored them, it does not matter. He voted fora
man for judge of the supreme court of Ohio who
afterwards on the bench carried out in his decision
the identical doctrine declared in the Wisconsin
resolutions and copied in these Ohio resolutions.
I refer to Judge Bnnkerhoff.
Mr. ASHLEY. Does my colleague pretend
to say that that decision of Judge Bnnkerhoff
indorsed these resolutions ?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; almost word for word.
Mr. ASHLEY. Not at all.
Mr. COX. We will sec about that presently.
Thank God we had a majority on the bench who
decided that the fugitive slave law was constitu-
tional; but Judge Bnnkerhoff decided the other
way, and the gentleman voted for him. And I
say now that the reason why that convention and
the party which sanctioned it did not succeed in
dragging Ohio out of the Union and making
revolutionary resistance to the Federal Govern-
ment was—and I mention this in all confidence
to the House—that the committee levied a " fund
of liberty " on the citizens of the Western Reserve
to pay the lawyers for suing out of the State courts
a writ of habeas corpus! When they found that
they had to pay a dollar a head for breaking; out
into rebellion they revolted against revolution.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY. Not being present at that
meeting 1 am not responsible for what was said
or done there, but I call the attention of my col-
league to the fact that he misrepresents Judge
Bnnkerhoff in what he says of that decision.
Mr. COX. The gentleman may not be willing
to take the responsibility now, but he lived and
gathered honors for years under its load. His
party constituents who have just nominated him
by acclamation are yet faithful to him, and amid
all obloquy cling to him for his bold avowals of
anti-slavery sentiments. As to Judge Bnnker-
hoff, I will insert his language m my remarks,
when it will appear that my colleague-is conven-
iently ignorant of what the judge did say.
I read from Judge Brmkeihoff's dissenting
opinion, (Ohio State Reports, volume nine, page
338:)
I know of no way other than through the action of the
State governments in which the leserved rights and powers
of the States can be preserved and the guarantees of indi-
vidual hbeibybe undiluted. The histoid of this country,
brief as it is, already shows that the Federal judiciary "is
never behind the other depaitments of that Government,
and often toremost, in the assumption of non-gtanted pow-
ers. And let it be finally gt anted that the Federal Govern-
ment is m the last lesoit the authoritative judgevj the er-
tent of its ov-n powers, and the reservations and limitations
of the Constt tution winch theframeis of thatinstiumentso
jealously endeavored to fix and guard will *-oou be, it they
are not already, obliterated."
It was upon this reasoning, similar to thatem-
ployed by secessionists at Montgomery and abo-
litionists at Milwaukee and Cleveland, that this
judge sought to array the States against the Fed-
eral Government by denying the authority of the
latter over the question of rendition. He held
that the Federal Government was a usurper of
State rights, and ti denied that the decisions of a
usurping party in favor of the validity of its oivn as-
sumptions can settle anything." He in fact hold,
as Attorney General Wolcott argued, (9 Ohio
Reports, 114,) that "as to these powers, the
States stand to each other and to the Federal Gov-
ernment as absolutely foreign nations." Yet
my colleague voted for both Judge Brinkerhoff
and Mr. Wolcott!
One more word to this Wisconsin gentleman,
[Mr. Sloan,] the gentleman who has more than
"ordinary intelligence," the gentleman who, at
an early day, helped to bring this war on by just
such a course, if not worse, than that pursued
by the Republicans of Ohio.
I assert that these gentlemen in their resolu-
tions and conduct proposed to array the States
in armed hostility against the Federal Union.
Oh yes ! they talk now against State rights, as
if these rights were the teterrima causa belli. If
State rights carried into rebellion be the cause,
bow will these gentlemen escape condemnation?
Failing to observe the limitations of the Constitu-
tion and the reservations therein to the States,
they do not want any State to have its rights
now; not now. Not so in 1859. At that time
they were for giving the States all sovereign
rights, including nullification and resistance by
force against the Federal authority. When the
Democrats appealed to the country for the right
of the Federal Government to exercise the pow-
ers clearly delegated to it under the Constitu-
tion with respect to fugitives from labor, these
devotees of the new gospel of black liberty cried
out in chorus: i{ No, no ! All these laws passed
in pursuance of the Constitution come in col-
lision with our peculiar notions of the higher
law of our conscience and our God. No matter
if the Supreme Court have decided the law to be
constitutional; we will array our personal liberty
bills against your fugitive slave bills, and our
courts against the Federal courts. We will re-
lease the men you arrest for resisting the Federal
authorities, by State writs of habeas corpus, or
4 rescue' them from their incarceration !" They
did notthen undervalue the habeas corpus. Oh no!
It was made for the black man. They were over-
zealous then for thegreatwrit of freedom, to pre-
vent the proper exercise of the Federalauthoruy.
But now they, I mean you, have ignored that right
and nullified that writ. You will not allow it for the
white man when imprisoned without warrant and
punished without trial. You are against the ren-
dition of the black man in pursuance of the Con-
stitution; and you give up awhite man who has
sough tan asylum on our shores without the form
or substance of law or treaty, and in " positive defi-
ance" of the law of nationsand the Constitution.
Your Executive is a usurper of the powers
wisely distributed to the other departments of
the Government. Here you sit to-day striving
to strike down the only mode whereby one pecu-
liar clause of the Constitution can be carried out,
and propose no mode as a substitute either by
State or Federal action. You will not allow an
indiyidual to take his slave by the sanction of the
Constitution alone; you will pass no law to help
him. You will not allow him to go into a free
State and have his right there by jury trial, be-
cause you cannot try the claimant's right to his
slave by a jury m a free State. You will notal-
low the law of 1793, which George Washington
assisted in making; yetyoustnke down all the
great rights of personal freedom for the white
man fixed by the fathers of the country in our
fundamental law, because you are bent, becauso
you are demoniacally bent, upon riving this Union
in twain,and separating its parts forever. Your
ideas are not those of the higher, but of the lower
| law. They do not come from the sources of law
j and light and love above. They sunder all the
ties of allegiance and all the sanctions of faith.
You are destructionists; you would tear down all
that is valuable and sacred in the past and build
up nothing m their place. You are revolution-
ists. You were trying for years by wrongful in-
terference and force to nullify the very law which
you now seek to expunge by repeal. You dili-
gently sought to embroil the States in collision
with the Federal Government, and have sue-
