1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2919
ceeded in bringing with your advent into power
the consequences we predicted, a relentless and
bloody war. I charge it upon every man of you
on the other side of the House who took any
part in these sediuous infractions of the Consti-
tution, who counseled individual and State re-
sistance and fomented sectional strife, that you
are responsible before God and the country for
our present calamities. The enormous bur-
dens of taxation, the widow's tears, the orphan's
curse, the waii of the bereaved, and the .future
destitution and consuming desolation of this land,
all cry aloud against you as the authors of this
worst evil which ever befell a suffering people!
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, I do notdesire to*
detain the House but for a single moment. The
gentleman from Ohio who has just taken his seat
has alluded to some resolutions passed by the
Legislature of Wisconsin. He had the fairness
while commenting upon these resolutions to ad-
mit that the principles which were announced in
those resolutions were the principles contained in
the Kentucky resolutions of 1798. The only
difference between the resolutions of .the State of
Wisconsin and the Kentucky resolutions, which
formed a part of the Democratic platform in 1852
and 1856, was that they were applied to a differ-
ent subject. If there was any error on the part
of the Legislature of Wisconsin or on the part of
the people of Wisconsin it wasonly in this: that
they had seen these Kentucky resolutions of
1798, under the sanction of the Democratic party,
doing service in the cause of bolstering up and
perpetuating slavery in this country. They took
the principles contained in those resolutions and
applied them to the cause of human freedom. If
the principle embodied in those resolutions was
erroneous it was a piinciple taught them by the
gentleman from Ohio and his party. The Legis-
lature of Wisconsin wrested these resolutions of
1798 from the base uses to which the Democratic
partyof the country had put them, of servmgand
attempting to bolster up with them the institution
of slavery, and applied them to the cause of lib-
erty in the case of a fugitive slave in the State of
Wisconsin.
Now, sir, for members who have acted with
that party, and who have indorsed those resolu-
tions, to charge it upon our State as a reproach
for passing these resolutions is simply self-stul-
tification. It is an inconsistency that no man who
belongs to that party and has examined the sub-
ject, who has any regard for his own reputation,
would be guilty of upon this floor. It may have
been an error on the part of the Legislature of
Wisconsin to affirm the doctrine that is contained
in the resolutions of 1798, and which is reiterated
in the report that Mr. Madison made to the Vir-
ginia Legislature in 1799; but if it is an error it
isone which the gentleman from Ohio and all who
belong to that party have taught to the people of
Wisconsin, and taught to the people of the whole
country.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. SLOAN. I will.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not do me jus-
tice. I gave an interpretation to those resolutions
which the gentleman has forgotten, and I gave it
in the words of Mr. Madison himself, as pub-
lished in ins private correspondence, printed by
Mr. McGuire, of this city. , He says that the
proper interpretation of those resolutions is this:
that the mode and measure of redress which a
State may take, and the only mode and measure
of redress which a State may take for any griev-
ance, is an amendment to the Constitution by the
mode proposed in that Constitution. And that
is the Democratic doctrine on that subject.
Mr. SLOAN. What mode or measure of re-
dress did the people of Wisconsin propose to take
in that case, except by an appeal to the constitu-
tional tribunal?
Mr. COX. They did not propose to appeal to
the Constitution. They appealed to force, they
took up arms, and the gentleman backed them up
in it. I heard him upon this floor say that they
were right.
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman is mistaken in
his facts im i elation to the people of our State. I
deny that any authonzed or organized force in
that State took up arms to obstruct the execution
of the fugitive slave law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my colleague yield
to me?
Mr. SLOAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I rise to a point
of order. I object to the gentleman from Wis-
consin yielding any further for the discussion of
side-bar questions. I insist that the discussion
shall be confined to the pending question. I want
to get avote before we adjourn to-day,and I shall
object to any further interruption of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
The SPEAKER. All this debate being in ref-
erence to the fugitive slave law is in order.
Mr. COX. The gentleman yielded to me before
the objection was taken by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. SLOAN. I do not object to yielding to
the gentleman from Ohio, although it would be
extending a larger measure of courtesy to him
than he saw fit to extend to me.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGTE. Does the gentleman object-
to me?
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I do.
Mr. SLOAN. Mr. Speaker, I contentmyself
•with simply saying that the misrepresentation
which is attempted to be putupon the resolutions
of the Legislature of Wisconsin by the gentle-
man from Ohio are unfounded; that, so far as
the announcement of principle in those resolu-
tions is concerned, they are an exact copy in
language of those famous Kentucky resolutions,
and that whatever construction may be putupon
the Kentucky resolutions by Mr. Madison or by
the gentleman from Ohio can be put upon the
Wisconsin resolutions. The offense of which
Wisconsin was guilty, as 1 have said, was in
wresting those resolutions, made to do service in
the cause of human slavery by the Democratic
party in this country, to support the cause of hu-
man liberty. The Legislature and the supreme
court of the State interposed the principles con-
tained in these resolutions between the fugitive
and his pursuers. It rests with no man who has
been a member of the Democratic party and sup-
ported its platforms and candidates to reproach
the State of Wisconsin for the passage of those
resolutions. It is a case of self-stultification so
gross that I wonder any man can be guilty of it
here without the blush of shame mantling his cheek.
Mr.MORRIS,of New York,obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. How long?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A few minutes only.
Mr. MORRIS, of New Yoik. I propose to
occupy the floor but five minutes, and then to
move the previous question; but I am inclined to
give way to my friend for ten minutes.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I object, unless the
gentleman yields unconditionally.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friend can yield
me the floor and get it again when I get through,
can he not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not able to an-
swer the gentleman whether he can or not.
Mr. BLAINE. In the colloquy which to.ok
place with the gentleman from Ohio 
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Maine
is not in order; the gentleman from New York
is upon the floor, and objection is made to yielding.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to send to the desk a
dispatch in reference to negroes fighting, to which
allusion has been made, to be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Gentlemen on the other
side have objected to yielding on this side, and j
now I object. I
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw it. j
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I will ask the !
Clerk to read it as part of my speech. j
The Clerk read the dispatch, as follows: j
L-onsviLLE. Kentucky, June 12, 1864. j
Major Foster. A. Jl. G.: j
Am iulonnec! that at Frankfort there were m the fort j
tlnee hunched negioeb, unarmed, lor tetuge. After rebels
had captured two guiib the negroc-- weie allowed by Gov-
ernor Bramleue to litcht with their and kmve-, and re-
captured tit# guns. Geueial Fiy telegraphs camp Nehoii,
sixteen hundred negro reeruit> there, very useiui lbrtitj-
lnjj. General Thoma* came last night.
R. P. MUS3EV,
United istatcs Jirmy.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York, I do not pro-
pose, Mr. Speaker, to occupy the attention of the
House over five minutes; but it is due that I
should say a few words with reference to the ques-
tion involved in the bill before the House.
The (Constitution of the United States, in sec-
tion two, article four, provides that no person
held to service or labor in one State, under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in
consequence of any law or regulation therein, he
discharged from such service. Such is the pro-
vision of the Constitution, and there has been
certain legislation supposed to come within that
provision and which is now upon the statute-
book. The bill before the House proposes to
repeal those statutes. The power authorized to
enact those statutes may also repeal them, «ud
the only question is the practical one whether it
is wise and proper to repeal them.
I hear but two objections alleged to their re-
peal. The gentleman from Ohio who has just
taken his seat [Mr. Cox) urges one piomiuent
objection, and to illustrate it cites a case which
occurred recently in this country where a citizen
of the island of Cuba was remanded by reason
of crime and surrendered up by the Government.
He says it was a monstrous outrage upon the
rights of foreign citizens.
Now, sir, the individual who was thus demanded
by theGovernmentofCuba had done, what? He
had been guilty of that which is proclaimed by
every civilized Government upon the face of the
globe as piracy; he had been engaged in taking
men by force from their homes and country, %nd.
of transporting them to Cuba against their wills.
The gentleman from Ohio deprecates the act of
the Government in surrendering up this criminal,
but not a word escapes his lips in condemnation
of that man for having thus perpetrated a crime,
not only offensive to this nation, but also to the
civilized world. He concedes that the remanding
of this man was, by reason of the commission of
a crime, recognized by the laW3 of the Govern-
ment of Cuba.
Now, sir, we ask the repeal of this law; and
why? Suppose some man from Cuba, like the
gentleman alluded to by the gentleman from Ohio,
had stolen three hundred negroes fiom the shores
of Africa, and then had brought them to these
shores, and a portion of them had been landed
and sold in Missouri or Maryland, and then had
escaped from their purchaser into another Stale,
under this law the gentleman from Ohio,ascom-
missioner, would have surrendered them up to
the claimant. Now, I insist that we should have
a court by which such person thus seized in any
other State shall have the usual trial by jury in
the State where arrested to ascertain whether he
is entitled to his liberty or not. By a repeal of
these statutes there may such hearing and trial
be had in accordancc with the Constitution of the
United States and the laws of the State where
such person is found. I ask that it be repealed
for another reason, and my friend from Ohio has
given an instance which peculiarly illustrates the
necessity of the repeal. Under the laws of the
United States, enacted by the present Congress,
a colored man in the State of Missouri or Mary-
land , being a slave, may enlist into the armies of
the United States. If he should do so, and should
be stationed in the State of New York, under the
laws sought to be repealed he might bo seized
and remanded to slavery; and a further conse-
quence would be that he might be dealt with as a
deserter from his post of duty. Here isa conflict
in our laws, an absurdity which demands a rem-
edy. Under the laws sought to be repealed our
Army may be invaded and our troops consigned
to slavery.
But independent of that, I object to these laws.
It is conceded by nearly every one that they area
dead-letter upon our statute-book, and from high
moral considerations I would strike from the
statute-hook every law which the people contemn
and so despise that they cannot be enforced. The
retention and violation of a bad law leads to the
contempt and disregard of good ones. I do not
object to enforcing laws, but I do object to the re-
tention of a law so unjust, so unpopular, that you
can rind no citizen willing to executc it. These
statutes aie repugnant to the sense of every good
man who has not been educated to believe that the
slave code is more imperative than the Constitu-
tion itself. I say, sweep out a law which no man
