1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
, will be called up for action on Tuesday
next.
VIRGINIA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to give notice that I
will call up the ease of Mr. Segar to-morrow.
PRINTING OF THE LAWS.
Mr. SCHENCK. Two or three weeks ago
some gentleman offered a resolution directing the
printing of a certain number of copies of each law
as it should he passed fur the use of members.
The resolution was offered, and I hope that by
unanimous consentit will be taken up and passed.
We feel the want of them every day. I think at
least five hundre<| copies should be printed for the
use of the House of each bill as it becomes a law,
I am sure nobody will object to that.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is that the resolution to which the gentleman re-
fers has already been passed. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Baldwin] who is a
member of the Committee on Printing may state,
definitely.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The res-
olution for printing all the laws regularly as they
are passed, two thousand copies, five hundred of
which to be bound at the end of the session, was
adopted by the House, and, as I understand, is
being executed by the Public Printer.
REBECCA SCOTT.
Mr. CEESWELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Claims a bill grant-
ing a pension to Rebecca Scott; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
and with the accompanying report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
that the vote may be taken on my motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon (at forty-five minutes past eight o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned. *
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jipril 29, 3864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NAVAL CODE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of Hon. C. B. Sedgwick, trans-
mitting a copy of the naval code prepared by
htm under ajoint resolution of the last Congress;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.WILSON presented the petition of,T. H. Ii.
Woodward, in behalf of enlisted men of the fif-
teenth regiment Kentucky cavalry, twelve months
volunteers, praying for a bounty of twenty-five
dollars; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Racine county, Wisconsin, praying for
an increase of the duty on foreign wool imported
into the United States of at least ten cents per
&ound; which was referred to the Committee on
'inance.
He also presented a memorial of the Milwaukee
and Prame duChien Railway Company, remon-
strating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, I present also a memoiial
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin in
relation to increased facilities for military and
commercial transportation,and which has special
reference among other things to the improvement
of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, a ship canal
around the falls of Niagara, and the improvement
of the Erie canal. The subject of the Fox and
Wisconsin river improvement is already commit-
ted to the Committee on Military Affairs, and I
therefoie move that this memoual be also referred
t to that committee, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Rhode Island m favor of the re-
imbursement to that State of the amount paid to
volunteers for military services rendered prior to
being mustered into.the service of the United
States; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. YAN WINKLE presented a memorial of
the mayor and city council of Parkersburg, West
Virginia, praying for an appropriation for the re-
pair of the city wharf at that place, alleged to have
been injured by the military use thereof by the
Government; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of Joel
Wayburn Van Orman, praying for the issue to
him of a patent for lots two and three, section
fifteen, township ninety-five north, range three
west of the fifth principal meridian; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the memorial of 0. C. Niel-
son, praying to be allowed to enter at the proper
land office lot one, section fifteen, township
ninety-five north, ©f range three west of the fifth
principal meridian; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of the establishment of cer-
tain mail routes in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on PostOffices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Dubuque
and Southwestern Railroad Company, remon-
strating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Brooklyn, New York, praying for the passage
of an act declaring slaveholding within theUnion
to be a criminal offense, defining the same, and fix-
ing the punishment thereof; which was referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of Mr.
A. Penfield, of Ohio, a clerk in the Treasury De-
partment, praying Congress to construct for the
small lakes at the head of the Mississippi, reser-
voirs for supplying the upper Mississippi with a
medium stage of water for navigation throughout
the dry season, and in conjunction with that a
canal from the head of Lake Superior to the Red
river of the North, using for a portion of the dis-
tancethe channel of the Mississippi river. Imove
that the petition, with the map and other accom-
panying papers, be referredto the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS 'WITHDRAWN.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the papers yes-
terday reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs by the chairman of the committee be re-
turned to the Secretary of the Interior by an order
of the Senate. They are papers relating to a
treaty with the Kickapoo Indians. Many of them
are original papers which should be kept on file
in the Intcnor Department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the return of the papers as proposed?
The Chair hears none, and the order will be made.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 4) to
extend the act of Congress granting pensions to
peisons wounded in the Indian massacres in Min-
nesota m the years 1862 and 1863, reported ad-
versely thereon.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referied the petition of John
Gmdon, a messenger in the Post Office Depart-
ment, piaymg for compensation for services per-
formed out of office hours, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. POMEROY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of James Pool,
praying for the reimbursement of an amount of
money paid by him for supplies for the Shawnee
tribe of Indians, have instructed me to ask that
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject. I will remark that these
cases grow out of contracts either express or im-
plied, and the committee thought they should go
to the Court of Claims under the law of the last
session.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by the
i Committee on Finance to report back the memo-
i rial of the First National Bank of St. Paul, Min-
! nesota, praying that the Secretary of the Treas-
: ury may be authorized to issue duplicate bonds
• in lieu of bonds alleged to have been lost. Since
| the report was prepared, I understand the bonds
: have been recovered by the bank. I therefore.
; simply ask that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of J.
W. Eddy, paymaster in the United States Army,
praying to be reimbursed for an amount of money
alleged to have been embezzled by L. St. John, a
clerk in the pay department, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Francisco Caseves,
of Sonora county, California, praying for com-
pensation for a horse taken from him on the 2d
of July, 184G, by John C. Fremont, then in com-
mand of the American forces at Alto, California,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofMaria Antonio Blume,
formerly widow of James Dowson, of Sonora,
California, praying for compensation for prop-
erty taken from her in July, 1846, by order of
John C. Fremont, at that time in command of the
American forces in California, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Pie also, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred a bill (PI. R. No. 217) to
confirm certain entries of land in the State of Mis-
souri, reported it with an amendment.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. FOSTER. I have been instructed by the
Committee on Pensions to move that the bill (S.
No. 150) for the relief of Jessie Gould, widow of
Daniel Gould, of Portland, Maine, together with
the report and accompanying papers, be lecom-
mitted to that committee. The committee are
desirous of making a further examination of the
case. I move, therefore, that the bill and accom-
panying papers be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
JESSE WILLIAMS.
Mr, HARDING, The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
388) for the relief of Jesse Williams, have directed
me to repoit it back, and recommend its passage.
It is a very short bill, and it will not take a min-
ute to pass it. I ask for its immediate consider-
ation.
By unanimous consent the hill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to issue a patent to Jesse Williams, of Jef-
ferson county, Iowa, for the west half of the
northwest quarter of section fifteen, township six-
ty-seven north of range fifteen west in the State
of Iowa; but no ughtsaequired by other persons
are to be affected by the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM C. WALKER AND OTHERS.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H, R. No. 47) for the
relief of W. C. Walker and others, have directed
me to report it back favorably; and as it is a
small matter, I ask for the present consideration
of the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the
bill. It dircets the Secretary of the Tieasury to
pay the sum of £664 90 to the following persons,
and in the sums following, namely: to William
C. Walker, §83 25; to John fc>. Emrie, $70; to
A. G. Crane, $97 50; to George W. Pilbean,
$21 50; to E. Goodrich, $87 75; to Jacob Cox,
fill 25; to Thomas Lamkin, $92 25; to Porter
Durell, $90; to Matthew Randall, $96 75; to Da-
vid Lynn, $5 50; to Andrew Lisk, $4; to Wil-
liam Burkes, $3; to William Depuy, ft2 25, for
labor done and performed by them ori the bridge
acioss the Ohio river and floating battery at Pa-
ducah, by and under the direction of General
