1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
niand who were there, and they make it exceed-
ingly plain to a man who is not a military man
when they go on to explain how it was. I could
give their evidence on the point; but I think it is
not necessary to go into that here.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with the honorable
member from Ohio that it is not necessary. The
honorable member from Rhode Island is very
much mistaken if he supposes that 1 intend to
cast the slightest imputation on General Burn-
side. I have as high an opinion of General Burn-
side as he can have, and would be as unwilling
(even if I could be induced to do it) to assail
General Burnside as the honorable member from
Rhode Island. I do not know who were the par-
ticular corps commanders, or whether they were
corps commanders, who are said to have diso-
beyed the orders of General Burnside. I recol-
lect having read a defense of himself by one of
his corps commanders, General Franklin, and
if his statements of fact were true, there was no
disobedience of orders as far as I am capable of
judging, and that is a capability no greater than
the honorable Senator from Ohio claims for him-
self. I thought General Franklin made a very
good case of it.
But I did not mean to say that there was any
blame to be attached to anybody. What I pro-
test against is that we should be found herefrom
time to time assailing our officers. For the soul
of me, I cannot imagine what good to the coun-
try is to result from it. But when the honorable
member from Minnesota thinks proper to assail
these several commanders, I wonder it does not
occur to him that each one of them has acted but
a subordinate part. Had McClellan the direction
of his campaign, or the President of the United
States? Was McClellan given all the troops that
be thought to be necessary for the campaign, or
was a portion of the troops originally promised
him taken from him,and if taken fromhim taken
by whom? By the Presidentof the UnitedStates.
Who placed Burnside in command and removed
McClellan from it? The Presidentof the United
States. Who placed Hookerin command,one of
the officers whom General Burnside, that stands
so high in the estimation of the honorable mem-
ber from Rhode Island, thought ought to be dis-
missed the service because, as he alleged, he had
disobeyed his orders ? The President of the Uni-
ted States. Who visited the Army from time to
time for the purpose of directing its movements?
The President of the United States. Where did
the several commanders from time to time go when
they were not visited by the President, for the
purpose of getting orders? To Washington, seek-
ing interviews with the President of the United
States, and taking and following out his oiders.
The honorable member from Maine [Mr. Fes-
sekden] the other day said, and said truly, that
when gentlemen charged disasters to the army
of the Potomac, and, as one of them was under-
stood, charged them to the army of the Potomac
because of the inefficiency of the army itself, its
rank and file, they should recollect, and he re-
minded the member from Minnesota to bear in
mind when he drew a comparison between the
eastern and western troops, that the man who
managed the army of the Potomac was a western
man, and that man the President of the United
States.
It has become a common saying throughout
the country (whether justly or not it is not for
me to say) that the army of the Potomac has
been successful or unsuccessful just as it has been
left to the management of its leader; in propor-
tion as it gets out of the influence of the Execu-
tive and stands upon its own resources, so is it
triumphant; but immediately it conies within the
hands of the President—hands 1 have no doubt
honeatly and patriotically used, but he is no more
of a soldier than either of us—then from some
cause or other there is disaster. What have we
now, carrying distress to hundreds and hundreds
of households? A loss in Florida of from ten to
twelve hundred men, a defeat not disgraceful to
the men concerned, but apparently disgraceful to
those who planned the expedition. Who planned
it? Not McClellan, not Meade, not Hooker, not
Burnside, not Gillmoie. Who then?
Mr. WILSON.' Can the Senator tell us who
did?
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot, but I am sure who
did not. We all know what the result is, and
we all deplore it. The men were gallant. Gill-
more was supposed to be a successful leader.
But yet there is a defeat. Who suggested the
campaign, I am as ignorant as the member from
Massachusetts, if he is ignorant; but the public
suppose, and if they are in error that error should
be corrected, that it was planned here, and charge
the defeat to the Executive, whether justly or
not I do not know. I do not suppose that the
President of the United States would have ordered
a campaign of that description unless he had
been supported by high military authority; but
whether he was or wa$ not, one thing is certain,
it had not the support qf the officers whom the
honorable member from Minnesota has thought
proper to impeach.
1 have said all, Mr. President, that I rose to
say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mary-
land in his remarks just now alluded to the fact
that I reminded the Senator from Minnesota the
other day that the President was a western man,
and that he was in command of the Army. I
made no imputation whatever on the President
in reference to any interference or any attempt to
command the Army, because I knew nothing of
that. I alluded to the fact that he appointed the
officers and they were under his eye, and such
officers as they were he was responsible for.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; so I understood.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am not going
to enter into this subject now, though I may at
some time give my views upon itas derived from
testimony. The Senator from Maryland, how-
ever, has charged the President, I think unjustly,
with the responsibility of the plan of the penin-
sular campaign. I think that if the President's
plan had been adhered to by General McClellan
there would have been no particular trouble. Be-
fore the President of the United States would
permit General McClellan to follow the plan of a
campaign on the Peninsula, he made it a condi-
tion precedent that General McClellan should
consult with all.his division commanders, I be-
lieve twelve in number, and that he should have
their unanimous opinion as to the number of
troops it would be necessary to leave here for the
defense of Washington, and that he should leave
such a number as would be sufficient in the opin-
ion of all the division commanders, and that un-
less he did so he was not to go.
He had not the opinion of more than eight of
those commanders; and, in direct violation of the
condition prescribed by the President, he went
to the Peninsula without leaving here the tioops
that the division commanders were of opinion
should be left. He had hardly reached Yorktown
before he was crying out for more soldiers, though
lie had so many then that, I may say, he did not
know what to do with them; he did not land them
all. As has already been stated, he had more
than one hundred and twenty thousand to en-
counter seven or eight thousand miserably in-
trenched in mud fortifications that were of no con-
sequence; but 1 am not going into that.
He continued to call for troops. He railed for
McDowell's corps, when he knew as well as we
knew here that there was a large rebel force un-
der Jackson in frontof Washington. If the Pres-
ident had yielded to his demands, Washington
must have fallen without resistance into the hands
of the enemy who had a force in front of it.
The objection of the President to permitting
him to go to the Peninsula was that it would in-
evitably lead to a division of our army. You
could not march to Richmond by way of the Pen-
insula without leaving the capital entirely un-
covered to the rebel force that was lurking about
here northwest of the city; therefore the Piesi-
dent made that a condition, and McClellan knew
it well enough when he was calling for troops.
He had his selection of the troops, and he left
but about fifteen thousand here when he should
have left forty thousand.
I say then that it was not the fault of the Pres-
ident that he went to the Peninsula. He went
against the President's orders and without com-
plying with the condition on which the President
permitted him to go; and therefore the President
is justified. McClellan had no right to call for
additional troops, and he knew it. He knjw that
i they could not be spared to him. As a military
| man he could not help knowing it. What would
I have been our condition if the President had
yielded to his request and sent McDowell's corps
to Richmond ? As 1 said before, the capital would
have been overrun without resistance. TJiftt-i?
all I wish to say now, sir. : •• *. ••
Mr. WILSON. I have listened to this debate
with a great deal of regret. On the one sidS e®- ~
cers are criticised and censured, and on the other
side the Government is held responsible for our
misfortunes, and between the two itseems'to me
the country suffers. I doubt the wisdom of un-
dertaking on this floor to criticise the movements
of our armies in the field, or to hold the Govern-
ment responsible for our defeats, unless we have
conclusive evidence of the interference of the Gov-
ernment with the plans of Army commanders.
The Senator from Minnesota makes a personal
explanation in reference to remarks made by the
Governor of Massachusetts. It may be that the
Governor of Massachusetts should not have said
what he did say in Faneuil Hall on the evidence
furnished by telegraphic dispatches; but the Sen-
ator knows full well that Governors and presses
and people criticise our words and acts here,and
criticise them sharply, upon evidence furnished by
telegraphic dispatches. The Senator from Maine
says, in an under-tone, "That ought not to be so."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say that they ought not
to do it on such dispatches. I accord them the
largest liberty of criticism.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator that
we ought all to be careful how we criticise any
body of men or any man in the country upon the
mere evidence of brief telegraphic dispatches.
But, sir, all of us know that the people of this
country see very little of what we do here except
from brief telegraphic dispatches. Those dis-
patches go to the country daily. The Globe goes
along in the mails afterwards, and is read by lew
of the people and by very few even of the con-
ductors of the public journals. The country to-
day judges of us, and of our acts and of our
words, by the dispatches that go to the associated
press and by the correspondence of the leading
journals. It is our misfortune; we cannot help
it; and it is impossible for those who, send the
telegraphic dispatches always to give to their
readers an accurate idea of what is said and done
here.
In saying this I do not wish to find fault with
the reports that go out from this body by tele-
graph. Considering their brevity, they are as
good as we have teason to expect them to be; but
1 say to the Senator from Minnesota we may com-
plain of it as much as we please, the public jour-
nals of the country, the public men of the coun-
try, the peopleof the country will daily pass upon
our words and acts here upon the telegraphic dis-
patches that daily go to the country,and we can-
not avoid it. It seems to me, therefore, we had
all of us better bear what we cannot help as best
we can.
1 find, sir, one thing to be true, and it has been
true tlnoughout the war, that when we win vie-1
tories the victories aie claimed by the officers
commanding in the field, but when misfotlunes
and defeats come upon us, the public judgment of
the country is apt to throw the blame upon the
Government. I think sometimes that tendency is
encouraged by defeated military men who wish,
in order to relieve themselves, to put the blame
upon the Government, to charge it upon the in-
terference of the President, the Secretary ofWar,
or General Ilalleck. I know that has been done
in some cases where facts subsequently disclosed
to the public showed that the President, the Sec-
retary of War, and the General-in-Chief of the
Army did not inteifere, but that the advice they
gave was not followed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Maryland that nothing can be
more unprofitable than to assail upon this floor
the conduct of our generals. Ineverdoit; lam
not a militaiy critic; and if I were I should not
exert my powers in that way; but since this ques-
tion has been raised, 1 think it is but simple jus-
tice to General Burnside to read a little from the
testimony taken before the committee on the con-
duct of the war touching upon the point to which
the Senaior from Maryland has alluded. This is
the testimony of General Meade, who commanded
a division in the first Army corps under General
Franklin:
"Question. What number of men did General Franklin
have under lum tliere?
