1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
John C. Fremont, while commanding the army
of the West.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know but this
bill may form a precedent for a very large num-
ber of claims, and 1 should like to have a little
explanation of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the claim for?
Mr. MORRILL. I will state. It is a claim
for the services of Walker and some half dozen
others, who were employed by the quartermaster
of General Fremont in 1861 in constructinga pon-
toon btidge over the Ohio river. It is for their
labor. The contract is certified and the labor is
certified by the quartermaster. The'committee
think there is no doubt about the equity of the
claim. It is a very small matter, and the only
reason assigned for it not having been paid by the
Department was that the order was considered an
irregularity by them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not make any objec-
tion to the bill. 1 did not know but it was one
of those bills for damages growing out of the war,
and might be a precedent for other cases.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
lead the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
259) supplemental to the laws relating to the War
Department, and authorizing the settlement and
payment of certain claims against the United
States; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 260) to change the name of the steam-
boat Gem, of Wheeling, to Emma Boyd; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2G1) for the benefit and better management of the
Indians; which was read twice by its title, refeirod
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of thellouse of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
lution; which were thereupon signed by the Pres-
dentpro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 66) to increase the compensation
of inspectors of customs in certain ports;
A bill (H. R. No. 62) fixing certain rules and
regulations for preventing collisions on the water;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No 07) increasing
temporarily the duties on imports;
ALLEGED FRAUDS IN WJSSTEltN DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to have the
resolution I offered on Monday last providing for
the ptinting; of the report of the military commis-
sion in the Western department, now taken up and
acted upon. I move to take it up.
The motion was ageed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Rcbolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to i epoit a resolution to pnnt for the of the Senate the
leport made by the military commission heretofore ap-
pointed by the President to examine into the military op-
erations in the Western department in connection with
certain alleged frauds, of winch Major General Irwm Mc-
Dowell was prevalent, together with the evidence taken by
the &aid communion.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Missouri if those papers aie now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe not, and I move
to amend the resolution so as to call upon the
Secretary of War to furnish them.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is probably
not aware that that proposition was debated, and
rejected or laid on the tabic, I forget which.
'Mr. HENDERSON. What resolution >
Mr. SHERMAN. A resolution to call for
these very papers. It was debated at length and
rejected by a decisive vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not recollect any
such action, but it may.have been had.
Mr. POWELL. That was a resolution di-
rected to the President; this is directed to the
Secretary of War.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does that action pre-
clude this resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I onljf suggest it
to show that there are objections to printing these
papers without other information.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] can incorporate his amendment in
the resolution. I have no objection to that
amendment, and in fact I desire that it shall be
made. The information which this resolution
calls for I consider very desirable at present, and
I am prepared to give my reasons for that opin-
ion. I think it is the only authentic information
we can get on the subject, to bear upon two sev-
eral bills now pending before this body, and I
desire especially to have it. I am willing that
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, as I
know what it is, shall be added.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Missouri as moving
an amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to amend the
resolution by adding, "and that the Secretary of
War be directed to communicate the aforesaid
proceedings to the Senate.5' The Clerk can add
those words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
can so modify his resolution; and it is so modi-
fied .
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move to amend the
resolution by adding the usual clause, " if, in his
opinion, it can be done without injury to the pub-
lic service."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move further to amend the
resolution by adding the following:
And that he fnrnLh to the Senate the papers on file in
the executive offices of the Government touching the ?ub-
je,cts embraced in said icport, furnished by ;my person oi
peisons supposed to be implicated therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Now, ! should like to have the
resolution He over until to-morrow morning. I
move to postpone it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that will not be
done. 1 can state to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts my chief object in offering this
proposition. There are two bills now pending
before this body 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Missouri that the question is hardly debat-
able, because one objection carries the resolution
over. It has been changed to a new resolution,
and the Senator from Massachusetts objects to its
consideration, and that objection necessarily car-
ries it over.
Mr. HENDERSON. This is a resolution that
was offered several days ago. 1 have called it up
this morning. It is not a resolution offered this
morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In its present shape, as
a call for papers, it is entirely a new resolution.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was added as a
mere amendment, and surely if an amendment is
made to a resolution that is called up, a single
objection cannot carry it over. I know of no such
rule, and it would be a very strange rule indeed.
I was going to state that there arc two measures
before this body which, in my judgment, render
it absolutely essential that this testimony be sent
to the Senate and published. One of them is a
bill that has been reported from the committee
on fieedmen's affairs, which provides for taking
care, by the Government, of the negroes who have
become free during this war. There isavastdeal
of this testimony bearing directly on that subject,
according to my recollection,and, in fact, it is in
the most authentic form that itcan possibly be in,
so as to gi\e us infoi ination on that subject.
There is another bill,one which rendersit much
more important that we should have this testimony.
It is a bill which has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which puts it in the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase up
all the products of the southern States by the use
of the money of the Uhited States. It is a prop-
osition, it is true, that was up at the last session
of Congress; but it is a proposition of very great
importance to us and to the country at large; and
if I recollect ai ijjht—1 have not read the whole of
this testimony, but [ have read a large pottion of
it—much valuable information is furnished in the
.testimony upon that subject. In fact, if it is fur-
nished to us, we can act with much more knowl-
edge and discretion in regard to this bill, because
it applies to the dealing in southern productions,
it gives us information in regard to individuals
dealing in them, and also in regard to the oper-
ations of the Army in that connection.
I will state another fact while I am up. I do
not desire to implicate anybody; I have never im-
plicated any person in regard to cotton specula-
tions or speculations of any other character upon
the Mississippi river; I do not desire to do it. I
desire in the publication of testimony of this char-
acter that justice shall be done to each and every
individual* who may be implicated. I do not ob-
ject to that. But there is valuable information in
this testimony that the Senate ought to be in pos-
session of, and especially now. I do not know
whether there is anything in the rumors which
reach us; but I have seen correspondence from
Red river within the last few days stating in the
most positive manner that in all probability our
defeatatGrand Ecorecame out of speculations on
the part of officers in cotton. It cannot be denied
that the cavalry brigade that was in front on that
occasion had a tram of wagons of two hundred
and sixty-five. I believe that is very generally
understood; it is admitted by all the correspond-
ence from the scene of action; and the whole
cavalry brigade consisted 1 believe of three thou-
sand men, and when they were driven back they
became entangled in the wagons, and it resulted
in the utter defeat of our troops in the first day's
battle.
If these things are so, if there is any founda-
tion for them, it is high time, in my judgment,
that the Senate and the country should under-
stand something of the facts in regard to them.
It has also been chargcd in the newspapers that
something of that character produced our defeat
at Olustec; that the whole expedition was for
the purpose of getting timber out of the river,
perhaps some two or three million dollars5 worth
of timber that was needed for ship-building. I
do not say these things are so; but I say the
country should know whether there is any foun-
dation for them. Defeatafter defeat we have met
with, and it is high time that these defeats should
cease; and if there is any other purpose in these
expeditions than the purpose of putting down the
rebellion, we ought to know it.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the Senator
to gay that the Red river expedition was for the
purpose of getting cotton?
Mr. HENDERSON. I said no such thing.
Mr. WILSON. I asked the Senatorif heuid.
Mr. HENDERSON. I said no such thing. I
said that there was correspondence in the news*
papeis to the effect thatourdefeat was occasioned
there by having a superabundance of wagons—
wagons not needed for any other purpose, per-
haps, except for collecting up cotton.
Mr. WILSON. I did not suppose it was owing
to the quantity of wagons, but the position they
got in.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will not be denied
that the cavalry brigade under General Lee of
three thousand men had two hundred and sixty-
five wagons. If anybody will tell me what need
they had of two hundred and sixty-five wagons,
I should like to know it. Thatstatement is made,
and I have not seen any contradiction of it; and
the wagons themselves, when the defeat came,
were in the way of the cavalry. They became
entangled in their own means of transportation,
if they were intended for transportation, and, in
fact, much of the loss was occasioned in conse-
quence thereof.
I do not say that any of these things are so.
I say that they are stated in correspondence from
i the Army.
![ Mr, CONNESS. A word to set the Senator
l| right on this matter. I think I can. Although
[j the Senator states that what he now presents to
I the Senate on the subject of these wagons being
intended to bring in cotton is based upon rumor
or unofficial statements, yet it will go to the coun-
tiy and have its effect. I desire to state that on
the very best information I can tell the Senator
that the statement is not correct. Those wagons
were part of the regular train belonging to that
army, and their being in that position was simply
an act of new generalship, the result of which we
