1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Have; but the statement that they were intended to
bring in cotton and made up part of the train for
that purpose I can undertake to say is not correct*
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no information
on the subject, and I am very glad to have the
information coming from the Senator, because he
certainly knows what he states. I hold in my
hand a correspondence that I saw a few days ago,
and I do not desire to give to it any further cur-
rency than it already has, because.it was pub-
lished in a paper that has a very large circulation
in the West, and has already gone to the country.
It is an article written on the 4th of April, 1864,
from Alexandria, Louisiana:
u There is now a grave question to be settled, as to
whether the Navy can seize and hold as naival prizes prop-
erty on land. Admiral Porter has been impressing wag-
ons and mules to haul cotton from the country. I heaid
that he had been running a gin somewhere in the vicinity,
and had been ginning cotton captured as naval prizes. At
one plantation, below tins, while a gunboat was taking on
pome cotton, some of the men connected with the fleet
branded nearly every article of property with the initials
' U. S. N.' The negroes had branded on the shirts that
were on their backs ' IT. S. N.j* the carts, wagons, mules,
and oxen were also branded in like manner. Quite a number
of mules may be seen here every day thus branded, which
have been seized by the Navy. * I understand that there is
a conflict of authority at this time between General Banks
and Admiral Porter on the subject of their respective juris-
dictions. Genetul Banks claims Cat he is in command
on land and that Admuai Porter must confine himself to
the water. The general is doubtless of the opinion that
ships cannot sail on land. There is a misunderstanding
between the general and the admiral on this subject that
may lead to important complications. The conflict of au-
thority and the misunderstanding existing between them
is publicly talked of here, and the matter may have to be
settled at Washington, where it will doubtless be referred."
This was written on the 4th of April. On the
7th of April the first battle was fought.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who wrote that?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have stated that it is
a correspondence published in one of the public
newspapers of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it anonymous ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad, since the Sen-
ator has presented this subject, that he has read
that statement, and presented if as having no more
foundation than resting upon what a newspaper
correspondent says maybe the case. I undertake
to say from my piace, and with some degree of
authority too, founded upon information, that it
is a cruel and base slander by that correspondent
of Admiral Porter, than whom there is nota more
pure or gallant officer in the service of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state to the
Senator from California that I am personally ac-
quainted with Admiral Porter, and that 1 concur
and have concurred with him in the opinion he
now expresses, i do not state this fact for the
purpose of reflecting upon Admiral Porter or
General Banks.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not so understand it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am glad the Senator
does not so understand it. 1 do not wish the
country to understand that 1 desire to reflect upon
these gentlemen, or either of them, or upon any-
body; but I say these things are stated in the
community, and they are in the public press of
the country, and defeat and disaster follow them.
Hence it is that I say we ought not to flinch when-
ever an investigation is to be madeinto these mat-
teis. We have had defeat enough in all con-
science to lead us to ascertain whether these things
be so or not. There certainly need not be any
objection to having a military commission to in-
quire into these matters.
But that is a question apart from the matter
now before the Senate. Much valuable informa-
tion on this subject, in my opinion, will be given
in that testimony. Upon whom it reflects I do
not know, nordo I care. 1 desire that it shall be
before the Senate in order that we can act prop-
eily upon two important measures now pending
before this body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the resolution.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
ADDITIONAL ASSAY OJTFIOES.
Mr. SHERMAN. In a few moments, when j
the morning hour has expired, there wiil be a j
conflict between the bill presented by the Senator j
from Oregon [Mr. Nesmitii] and the bank bill, ;
both being special orders for to-day. I trust, i
therefore, that by unanimous consent the bill on
which he desires to have a vote may be taken up,
in order that it may be acted upon if possible so
as not to interfere with the other special order,
the bank bill. I desire very much to press a vote
on the bank bill to-day, and I wish to expedite
matters by not creating a controversy between
the two bills.
ThePRESIDENTproJempore. It can betaken
up by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 185) to establish assay
offices at Carson City in the Territory of Nevada,
and at Dalles City in the State of Oregon, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the pending ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ore-
gon was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdrew that motion,
but I gave notice when tlie bill was reported to
the Senate I should desire to have the yeas and
nays upon concurring in that amendment, and
should desire to say something on the subject.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the Senate with the amend-
ment made in committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that amendment I
wish to make a few remaiks.
Mr. Piesident, on motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] a bill to estab-
lish a mint at Portland, Oregon, was sent to the
Committee on Finance for consideration. A hear-
ing was had of the Senators from that State before
the committee in relation to the matter. Another
question was taken up in connection with it; and
that was, the subject of enlarging the mint now
established at San Francisco. Both these ques-
tions were submitted by the Committee on Finance
to the Secretary of the Treasury for his advice
on the subject. The Secretary of the Treasury,
as perhaps it was wise for him to do, before an-
swering the letters which we sent him, referred
the question of the establishment of a new mint
at Portland, Oregon, to the consideration ofMr.
Pollock, who is the Director of the Philadelphia
Mint. Mr. Pollock has been ridiculed by the
honorable Senator from Oregon; but we know
very well that he is a very distinguished man, has
been Governor of the Slate of Pennsylvania, and
is considet*ed a very able officer. He gave his
opinion on the subject at length, and advised
against the establishment of a new mint in Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, the Chair will interruptthe
Senator to call up the order of the day, being the
unfinished business of yesterday, the bank bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a matter of entire
indifference to me whether this bill is postponed
or not.
Mr. CONNESS. I move the temporary post-
ponement of the bank bill until this question is
disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be passed over in-
formally by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can be
done by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Pollock, on being
consulted, gave his opinion to the Secretary of
the Treasury at length. The Secretary of the
Treasury, on examining the reasons assigned by
Mr. Pollock, transmitted a copy of the letter to
the Committee on Finance with a letter from him-
self, in which he expressed his concurrence in
the opinion given by Mr. Pollock. It seemed to
the Committee on Finance that those reasons
were good ones. In order to refresh the recollec-
tion of Senators who may take interest enough
in this question to make themselves aware of the
ground on which it is put, I will read the letter
of the Secretary, as it is shorter than that from
Mr. Pollock himself:
Treasury Department, February 20,1864.
Sir: Phave the honor to return herewith the bill pro-
viding for the establishment ot a branch mint of the Uni-
ted States at Portland, Oregon, tiansmitted by you on the
28th ultimo, and to inclose also a copy of a communication
on the subject from the Director ot the Mint at Philadel-
phia, to whom the bill was submitted for his views.
You will perceive that the Director disapproves of the
proposed measure, for the following reasons:
Thatexperieneehaving shown that the Philadelphia Mint
possesses sufficient rapacity to promptly coin all the bul-
lion which finds its way East from the mining legions of
the United States, as well as imported bullion, and that the
San Francisco branch mint is equally sufficient for the
country west of the ltocky mountains, a true public policy
does not require the establishment ot mints for coinage at
other points in the Union.
That it is not good policy to provide for <l parting" and
coining the precious metals at points where there are no
skillful artists or experienced workmen, the "parting" being
the separation of the silver from the gold, and consuming
large quantities of nitric acid, which is expensive and dif-
ficult to transport.
That the transportation of supplies, particularly chem-
icals, is inconvenient, uncertain, and so expensive that it
will be found impracticable to impose charges for parting
and coinage sufficient to cover the cost of labor and mate-
rials ; and that whenever the cost of converting bullion to
coin at a given point exceeds the expense of transportation
to and coinage at another point, it will find its way to the
latter, however distant.
That coinage, being one of the highest and most import-
ant attributes of national sovereignty, should be exercised
and controlled in such a manner as will tend to strengthen
rather than weaken the national Government, and the sug-
gestion arises whether the providing of additional coinage
establishments does not tend toward national disintegra-
tion.
That is the particular argumentwhich amused
the honorable Senator from Oregon so much.
That the present is not a favorable time for the erection
of suitable buildings for coinage, and providing them with
the necessary machinery and fixtures, owing to the exor-
bitant prices of materials and labor.
The Director suggests that provision at some suitable
point in Oregon of facilities for the melting, assaying, and
stamping of bullion, will meet the wants of the mining and
commercial interests of the people of the region as well as
a branch mint,and he therefore recommends the establish-
ment of an assay office; also that authority be given the
Secretary of the Treasury, in case he should deem it expe-
dient, to cause to be issued on such terms as he may pro-
vide, in payment of bullion deposited at the assay office,
certificates redeemable in coin at the San Francisco branch
mint.
I concur in the views expressed by the Director of the
Mint, and cannot, therefore,recoinmendthe passage of the
bill under consideration. I join with him, however, in rec-
ommending the establishment of an assay office for the
purposes mentioned by him.
A recent loss in the Colorado mint illustrates the inex-
pediency of multiplying mints for coinage, and would jus-
tify a recommendation that so much of existing acts a a
authorize coinage except at great commercial centers be
repealed.
I am, very respecfuily, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon.W. P. Fessenden, Chairman Committee on Finance,
United States Senate.
At the last session of Congress, I think, we
authorized theestablishmentof amint at Nevada.
Nothing has been done with reference to the
erection of a mint there, and the Secretary rec-
ommends that we repeal the law. It is too late
to repeal the law establishing the mint in Colo-
rado Territory, and therefore that must remain
as it is, thus leaving three mints in operation, the
Philadelphia Mint, the mint at Denver, and the
mint at San Francisco. We formerly had a mint
in Georgia, and one in North Carolina; but they
were found always to be expensive and useless,
and repeatedly an attempt was made to repeal
them, but that could not be done, owing to certain
causes. In connection with this subject is a pe-
tition requesting the enlargement of the branch
mint at San Francisco. I will read that, in order
that the whole subject may be before the Senate:
San Francisco, October 10, 1863.
Sir? We beg leave to address you upon the subject of
the branch mint in this city and the inadequate facilities
therein tor the accommodation of the public and the re-
quirements of the Government.
When the present branch was established in 1853 it was
supposed that the maximum yeaily coinage would be about
five million dollars. The capacity of the building was reg-
ulated accordingly. With the rapid development of the
mineral resources of this State and fheadjoinhig'JVrritories
the business ot the mint has increased in like proportion.
One halt ot the estimated yearly coinage of 1853 was coined
in the single month of September last. And yet the accom-
modations have not been increased, the working room has
not been enlarged, and the operations of the mint, which
now are nearly six times greater than the original estimate,
are necessarily conducted wilhin the limited compass of a
building which at the outset even was too inconvenient and
contracted.
Situated in a block upon one of the most narrow streets
of the city, the building is dark, exceedingly hot at all times,
and unhealthy for the workmen. Gas is required through-
out the building every hour of the day. It has no store-
house accommodations whatever; acids, wood, and coal
can only be received in very small quantities. A ware-
house for aiticles in constant use m the operations of the
mint is necessarily rented m a remote locality. The office
of the superintendent, instead of being upon the spot,
where he can exercise constantly a personal supervision
of the business of the department, is elsewhere. Neither
the coiner, assaver, nor melter and refiner lias an office, or
even decent writing accommodations. The office of the
treasurer of the mint and the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States, which the law requires shall be within lbs
