THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
«Answer. I am not able to state positively. He had his
own grand division, consisting of two corps, which I sup-
pose amounted to very nearly forty thousand men; and he
fiad additional troops &eutto him,piobably to the extent ot
fifteen or twenty thousand men. I should say that he had
from fiftv-five to sixty thousand men altogether under his
command. That is as near as I can judge; 1 am not able
testate positively,
'"Question. With what number was the attack made
upon the enemy'a lines?
"^jisu-er. t estimate mydivision in my official report to
Jiaye h en aboutforty-five hundred. Thedivision of Gen-
eral Gibbon on my right might have amounted to six or
f'even thousand. And the poition of General Biruey's di-
vision that cameup in my rear might'have had trom four to
five thousand men.
((Question, How many troops actually advanced to the
attack? ,
* "Answer. The actual attack, as contemplated, was made
probably by^at the outside, ten thousand men; that is,
j'orty-five hundred men in mydivision, and I think General
Gibbon's was probably something over five thousand men.
"Question. What was the success of this attacking col-
^'"'l#nsu>er\ My division succeeded in driving the enemy
from all their advanced works, breaking through their
lines, and occupying the heights they had occupied ; pierc-
ing their lines enurely, and getting into the presence of their
reserves.
' il Question. How strongly were you supported at the time
you picrced their lines and got into the presence of their
reservesm
'Ajifiswer* The division on my right—General Gibbon's
division—which 1 had understood was to have advanced si-
multaneously with my own, did not advance until J*was
driven back. It advanced until it came within short range
of the enemy, when it halted. The otfieers could not get
the men forward to a chaigo, and the division was hold at
bay there some twenty or Unity minutes, during which time
my division had gone forward. That delay enabled the
enemy to concentrate their loices and attack me on my
front and both flanks. I had penetrated the enemy'-? lines
so far that I had no support on either flank, and was, there-
fore, forced to foil back ; as J came out Geneial Gibbon's
forces advanced, and got as far probably as the railroad,
which was the enemy's outer line. The enemy were
posted on the ridge, and the railroad ran along at the foot
of the ridge.
" Question. And you finally failed in the object of the
attack?
"Jlnswcr. We were repulsed after that success.
"Question. To what do you atlubute that failure and
your repulse?
"Jinstver. It was owing to the faet that, from inferiority
of nmnheis, we were unable to hold wli.it i had gained.
"Question. had jou been promptly supported by ail the
disposable force of General Franklin, what, in your judg-
ment, would have been the le^ultf
i:J3nstecr. i tlunk if we had been supported by an ad-
vance of the whole line, theie is every leason to believe
that we could have held Ihe giound.
" Question. And if you had held yourgound, you would
have broken their line?
"JInswcr. Yes, sir.
" Question. And what would have been the effect of that
Upon the enemy ?
"slnswer. I should judge that the effect would have been
to have produced the evacuation ol the other line of their
works m therearof Fredeiieki-burg; that is, had we driven
them back on out fiunt, the left, ami held the position."
EXPEDITION TO FLORIDA.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ilesiie now to present
a resolution which J intended to submit yester-
day, but was prevented from presenting; by the
fact that the Senate went to other business. I
desire to present it now, because the subject to
which the resolution refeis has been alluded to in
the debate that has just closed. A very groat deal
of interest is felt in the country now touching the
recent expedition to Florida, which in .some re-
spects, to say the least, resulted so disastrously
to the Army of the country. Whether the le-
sponsibility be upon the Piesident, the Secretary
of War, the General-in-Chief, or the general who
commanded the expedition in Florida, it is now
important to know, because reasons are attrib-
uted to the author of the movement, whoever he
may be, not calculated to promote the confidence
of the country in the operations of the Govern-
ment. J therefore offer this resolution:
Resolved, That tin; joint committee on the conduct of the
wur be directed to inqauc into the causes of and cncutn-
st:ince> attend lit" the i front military expedition into Flot ida:
wtih whom the expedition ougmated; ioi what purpose it
wft1? undeuaken; anil what were its Jesuits-; and that the
committee be m^-Uuctud to repoit at a«> rally a day as piac-
ticablo.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, ami agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message ftom theHouseof Uepiesentntives,
by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bit! of the Senate (No. 140)
to provide for the protection of overland emigra-
tion to the States and Tomtoiics of the Pacific.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message fiutherannounced that the Speaker
tof the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 265) supplementary to an
"act entitled " An act to provide ways and means
for the support of the Government," approved
March 3, 1863;.and it was signed by the Yicc
President.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed a resolution" that the
House insist on its disagreement to the Senate
amendments to House bill No. 122, to increase
the internal revenue and for other purposes, and
that the House request of the Senate another con-
ference between the committees of conference on
the said bill; and it is hereby declared to be the
judgment of this House that in the adjustment of
differences between the two Houses on the said
bill there should be an additional duty of not less
than twenty nor more than forty cents per gallon
imposed on spirits on hand for sale."
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had appointed Mr. Rufvs P.
Spalding of Ohio, Mr. John a.kassonof Iowa,
and Mr. John L. Dawson, managers at the pro-
posed conference on its pait.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the message and resolution of the House of
Representatives in regard to the bill (H. R. No.
122) to increase the internal revenue, and for other
purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the conference requested by the House of
Representatives be agreed to, and that lli<* conferees heie-
toforc appointed by the Senate be mstiucted to a<?iee to
pioper amendments to the Senate amendments disagreed
to by the [louse, providing for a tax of not oxcecdmg twenty
cents a gallon on spirits on hand for sale.
Mr. FESSENDEN. t should like to inquire
of the Chair whether that is a parliamentary mode
of proceeding. My understanding of a free con-
ference is, that the persons appointed to conduct
it may agree to make such an arrangement of the
disagreeing votes as they think best. At any rate,
I have never m parliamentary history read of an
instance where a committee of conference were
sent out instructed on the part of the body they
represented to take a particular line of action in
reference to the legislation they were to agree to.
I should like to know if there is any precedent
for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not examined for
precedents; but I think there can be no doubt of
the power of the Senate to instruct its conferees on
any point. It is a question of discretion. Ordi-
narily it would not be done; but there have been
two conferences on this disagreement, which has
all grown out of one difference. The House of
Representatives have now expressed their opinion
on that difference, and I think the Senate ought
also to do so.
The identical proposition now before the Senate
has never been discussed or acted upon here in
the words in which itis presented, oreven in sub-
stance as it is now presented. I consider it there-
fore important to take the sense of the Senate on
the question whether they will acquiesce in a tax
of.twenty cents a gallon on the spirits on hand.
If that is agreed to by the Senate, there will be no
diifieulty in biinging about an agreement on the
whole bill between the two Houses; but if the
Senate confotees carry out the expressed wishes
of the Senate heretofore not to agree to any tax
upon spirits on hand, as a matter of coutse there
can be no agreement, and it is scarcely worth
while to provide for another meeting of the con-
ferees. I do not wish now to discuss the main
question, unless other Senators do, because it is
perfectly familiar.
Mr. GRIMES. Had you not better strike out
the twenty cents and leave the amountof the tax
open ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to say not ex-
ceeding twenty cents.
The VICE X'RESIDENT. Does th* Senator
fiom Maine raise a question of order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; I intended to
raise the question in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can have
no doubt that the lesolution proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio is in order. Conferences are of
two characters, free and simple. A free confer-
ence is that, winch leaves the committee of con-
ference entirely free to pass upon any subject
where the two branches have disagreed in then-
votes, not however including any action upon any
subject where there has been a concurrent vote ol
both branches. A simple conference—perhaps it
should more properly be termed a strict or a spe-
cific conference, though the parliamentary term is
" simple"—is that which confines the committee
of conference to the specific instructions of the
body appointing it. The Chair therefore rules
that the resolution is in order.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 wish to inquire whether the
instructions winch this resolution proposes to
five to the committee do not introduce into the
CiU a feature whjch is new, and which changes
the character of the bill as agreed to both by this
and the other House?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will reply to the Senator
from Connecticut that upon that question there
was a difference of opinion in the committee of
conference. The House of Representatives, in
the bill as it was originally passed by that House,
proposed to impose a tax of forty cents a gallon
upon spirits on hand. The Senate struck out
that tax and made various other amendments to
the bill. The bill went back to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and that House agreed to strike out
the tax of forty cents upon spirits on hand, but
disagreed to theSenate'sotheramendments. The
conferees on the part of the House proposed to
amend those Senate amendments by adding a tax
of twenty cents a gallon \apon spirits on hand. I
do not see any parliamentary difficulty in the way
of accomplishing that if the Senate are willing to
acquiesce in an amendment to their amendments.
There are disagieeing votes on two amendments
between the two Houses, to either of which, in
my judgment, an amendment proposing a tax of
twenty cents a gallon upon spirits on hand might
be added according to parliamentary rules; but
all difficulty on that point will be obviated by the
instructions of the two Houses. The Senate might
very properly object to any action by the Senate
conferees which was not strictly within the par-
liamentary rule; but the Senate itself may, by
its instructions, enlarge the power of the commit-
tee. There is no doubt about that. There is no
limit to the power of the Senate over its commit-
tees. It may authorize its conferees to agree to
amendments to its amendments, which might not
be in order if those amendments to the amend-
ments came directly from the conferees without
the action of the Senate. That is the view all the
conferees took,although they differed on the ques-
tion of parliamentary law.
I say again the simple question I wish to pre-
sent by this instruction is, whether the Senate'is
willing to acquiesce in a lax of twenty cents a
gallon upon spirits on hand. That subject I do
not propose to debate unless other Senators en-
gage in it.
Mr. FOSTER. I understand then that it is as
I supposed: the Senate objecting ton tax on spirits
on hand as proposed by ihe House of Represent-
atives, sent the bill back to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and that House agreed with the Senate
in striking that feature from the bill.
Mt. SHERMAN. A tax of forty cents.
Mr. FOSTER. Yes, the House of Represent-
atives proposed a tox of forty cents; we objected
to it and struck it out, and the House agreed to
striking it out. So then that feature was not in
the bilit We disagreed on other matters. Now
it. is proposed to introduce into the bill a change
of a feature which has been agreed to by both
Houses, which the honorable Senator and many
others here on former occasions have insisted
could not be done. The Senator now suggests
that, although the committee cannot do it, the
Senate can do it by instructing the committee, and
then the committee can do it A committee once
undertook to do that and asked the Senate to
ratify it, and it was claimed that they could not
ratify it, that the Senate had not the power to rat-
ify it; but now it is claimed that we can authorize
a committee to do that which if they had done we
could not ratify.
Mr. President, I do not believe that, and I do
not believe, therefore, that the honorable Senator
is tight, taking into view the previous decisions
of the Senate upon this principle.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate will allow me
to make an additional statement. Growingout of
the rules of the House of Representatives, when
a bill goes back to the House of Representatives
with amendments of the Senate it is usual to call
