1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
walls of the building, measures but a few square feet, and
is ciowded when four persons are present. Although the
coinage of the branch has Inct eased in th*> pi oportion stated,
there has been no iueiease of room or of minting facilities.
So rapidly does the production of the precious metals mul-
tiply upon this coaj-t that it is more than probable the sup-
ply five years hence will be double that of to-day.
It is important for the welfare of the nation that as much
as possible of tins supply should be coined and retained in
th« United States. At the present momenta large propor-
tion of the production of ilie gold of this coast, and nearly
p)l Hie silver, is shipped away in bars prepared by private
asv-ayiTb; chiefly bucause ot the absence of proper mint
facihtip*.
In a word, the present building is dark, dungeon-like, un-
nealrhy for workmen, inconvenient tor the public, and a
d^qraee to the Government of the United States.
In view of these facts, and the prospective requirements
of this branch, we beg leave to request, upon the score of
economy as well as of public nrce.^&ity, that you will ask
of Congress, in such maimer as you may deem advi.s.iblo,
a sufficient appropriation for the erection of a building
which will at once be creditable to the Government and
afford adequate accommodations to the public.
ROBERT 13. SWAIN,
Superintendent United States Branch Mint.
D. \V. CI1EESEMAN,
Treasurer Branch Mint United States.
F. F. LOW,
THOMAS BROWN, Special Jlgent.
THOMAS STARR KING,
CHARLES JAMES,
OGDEN HOFFMAN,
STEPHEN I. FIELD.
Hon. Salmon P. Chase,
Secretary of the Treasuiyy Washington,
On that statement the Secretary recommended
an appropriation of $300,000 in order to afford the
proper minting facilities in San Fiancisco. The
committee took these recommendations of the
Secretary into consideration in connection with
each other, and they could come to no other con-
clusion than that the wise course would be, to en-
large the minting facilities at San Francisco, as
desired, and to establish an assay office at Port-
land or some other place in Oregon, as recom-
mended by the Secretary of tjie Treasury himself,
i believe there was no difference of opinion in the
committee,and it was thought unanimously that
that was the advisable and proper course to take.
The reasons for that opinion wauld seem to be
good; and the question that presents itself to the
Senate is siuiply this: do we mean to go on and
establish mints jn every State west of the Rocky
mountains that may be organized where the pre-
cious metals are found?
The bill reported by the committee, as I have
suggested, repeals the law establishing a mint in
Nevada. Now it is perfectly obvious that if this
amendment prevails we must leave the mint in
Nevada if we make a new one in Oregon; we
must then make another by-and-by in Montana,
and wherever else gold or silver may be discov-
ered, because having once established the princi-
ple upon which we are to act, that we arc going
to com those metals on the spot, we shall be com-
pelled to follow it up.
I know it may be answered that the coining
part of the mint may support itself; but that can-
not be true if the facts stated with reference to
the very great expense of erecting buildings and
of workmen and of everything connected with
the coinage at the present time, and the procuring
of the necessary materials, be correctly stated.
Why? For the simple reason the superintendent
gives, that when the percentage, or the seignior-
age, as I believe they call it, winch is paid lor the
coinage moie than covers the expense of trans-
portation to a distant mint, the bullion will go off
to some other place. That will be the necessary
result.
Even if it were desirable to do a thing of this
sort, it is hardly advisable, in my judgment, to do
it at the present time. My own deliberate judg-
ment upon the subject is, that if the statements
which 1 have read with regard to the mint atSan
Francisco are true, (and certainly there can be no
doubt about them when they are stated by such
men, and I believe there is no dispute about them,)
that establishment ought to be very considerably
enlarged, it is unfit for its purpose if it is to re-
ceive the coinage from the neighboring regions;
hut it may make a very material difference as to
what is to be the amount of that enlargement if
we are to establish a mint in Oregon, and one in
every otherState that may desire it. I am averse,
in a case like the present, to spending more money
to these establishments than we are absolutely
compelled to expend. 1 should like very much,
so far as my personal inclinations are concerned,
to gratify ihe honorable Senators from Oregon,
and let them have a mint in their State; but,after
all, it is a question to be settled as a whole. Can
we do so consistently with the interests of the
Government? Upon that subject we have not
only the opinion ofGovernor Pollock—who cer-
tainly cannot have any sort of interest in the ques-
tion, for he will not be concerned in the minting
which willbedone on the othersideof the mount-
ains if we establish a new mint—an opinion
founded on the reasons which he gives, but tve
have his opinion indorsed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to whom it is perfectly satisfactory.
The question, then, for the Senate to settle is,
whether to gratify the wishes of the people of Ore-
gon we can set aside what seems to be the public
interest and vote to establish a mint there, when
an assay office will undoubtedly answer the pur-
pose, if not precisely to the point that is desired
by that people, yet to a sufficient extent.
I have deemed it my duty, Mr. President, to
put these things plainly before the Senate. The
amendment, if adopted, as I said before, leaves
the law for the establishmentof a mintin Nevada
in operation, and we mustbuild that. We must
then erect this new mint in Oregon. We must
take all the consequences which have been pointed
out by the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
and against which the Secretary of the Treasury
warns and advises us. It seemed to the com-
mittee that at least at the present time, when we
are pressed so hard for funds, it i§ not advisable
to go in the face of the advice that is given to us
by the proper officers, when we are certain of
getting along, and getting along well enough for
a long time, with the matter as it is, except so far
as lelates to the mint at San Francisco, about
which [ have expressed my opinion. I am there-
fore fully convinced, as all the committee were,
that the proper course for us to take is to enlarge
the facilities of the mint at San Francisco, and to
establish no other mint, at present at least, be-
yond the mountains, but to build assay offices in
those places where it seems desirable that some-
thing should be done, and leave the matter to
stand thus. I believe I have piesented the facts
to the Senate in as plain and clear a manner as 1
am able to do, and having done that 1 have noth-
ing further to say upon the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr, President, when this
question was under consideration before 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me. 1 am informed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckalew] that in one particular
i made a mistake; that the amendment leaves in
the bill that portion of it which abolishes the mint
in Nevada untouched. The result, therefore, is
to abolish one mint deliberately established, in
order to establish another in another section of
the country, which would be rather invidious.
Mr. SUMNER Mr. President, when this
subject was under consideration before, I voted
with the committee, paitly because it is my habit
to vote with committees of this body on topics
which they have within their special considera-
tion, and partly because at the time i was under
the impression that their report was justified by
correct pnuciples in the case. Subsequent reflec-
tion has induced me to hesitate in this conclusion.
Much dependence has been placed in this dis-
cussion upon the report of the Director of the
Mint at Philadelphia. Now, sir, if he had con-
tented himself with giving an opinion against
establishing this mint m Oregon, without assign-
ing any reasons therefor, I might have respected
Ins opinion; but when he puts forward as his
first great objection that the multiplication of
mints will tend to (i national disintegration,5' I
must confess that I join with the Senator from
Oregon m distrusting his conclusion. What con-
fidence can anybody have in anything founded on
such premises, which expeiience, if not reason,
shows to be falser Why, sir, the author of this
opinion forgets that in that country whicli is the
most centralized in the world, where all the agen-
cies of Government converge in a single capital—
I mean France—there have been for a long time,
even within its comparatively contacted borders,
more than half a dozen diffeient mints. There is,
to be sure, one magnificent central mint at Paris,
but there ate, or wete very recently, auxiliary
mints at Lyons, Marseilles, Bordeaux, Lille,
Rouen, and "Strasburg. I never heard that this
multiplicity of French minis had tended toward
" national disintegration.if France still contin-
ues one and indivisible, and 1 doubt if there
would be any difference in this respect even if
there were a mint in ©very one of her eighty-six
departments. Really the Director of the Phila-
delphia Mint ought to have borne in mind the
famous instructions of Lord Mansfield to thecoio<-
nial magistrate, and contented himself with giving
an opinion without assigning his reasons therefor.
But there is another consideration to which I
confess that I am not insensible. It in the import-
ance of a correct and finished coinage, which it
seemsnatural to suppose would be best promoted
by a single mint. On this point 1 am disposed to
agree with the Director. But our Government
lias not acted on this principle.
Mr, CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr, SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not hear his last sen-
tence. Do I understand the Senator to say there
should be but one mint in the United States, in
his opinion?
Mr. SUMNER. Not precisely. I said that
there was a reason in favor of a single mint, but
that the policy of our Government had not been
that way. Allow me to glance for one moment
at this reason, in order to see the extent of its ap-
plicability to our country.
If circumstances favored the consolidation of
the national coinage at a single mint, I can con-
ceive that there would be advantages of an unques-
tionable character. Indeed, if we repair to France,
where the mints have been, in times past, so nu-
merous, we shall find that these advantages have
not been denied. I suppose that the most author-
itative testimony on this whole subject, whether
we look at it in the light of theory or of practice,
will be found in that country; and if we seek spe-
cial authorities, there is nothing so instructive or
ample as the report of Dumas and De Colmant,
made in 1839, under a commission from the
French Minister of Finance. This document,
which contains minute revelations with regard to
; the operations of mints, was for some time kept
secret in France. Indeed, i have understood that
there were but twelve copics printed for the use of
the commission, who were placed under a solemn
obligation not to divulge it. But it found its way
to the public through the parliamentary inquiry
into the mint made in England in 1848, consti-
tuting the blue book of that year on this subject.
The testimony of Dumas is an argument for a
single mint. He dwells especially on two con-
siderations, economy and the perfection of the
coinage; and these he places above the local in-
terests which demand a. multiplicity of mints
The figures by which he illustrates the superior
economy are very striking. But these, of course,
assume that the metal is already delivered ai tlx
mint, a point which must not be forgotten on tfeo
piesent occasion. Beyond his own opinion on
the question of perfection, Dumas quotes liie
testimony of Bastereche, regent of the Bank of
France, who,, after an examination of the sub-
ject as long ago as 1800, very positively declared
that " the perfection of labor which ought to dis-
tinguish a great nation imperiously required a
single mint, placed under the immediate superin-
tendence oftheGovernment.,, And he also quotes
the testimony of Humarin, Minister of Finance,
who, in presenting his budget in 1835, declared
that the Paris mint was adequate to do all the
coinage required in France; that the concentration
of labor there would promote an improvement in
all the processes of production; that in this way
the Government would be relieved from the ex-
pense of different establishments; that all the
money from the same mint would be identical in
character, and in proportion as it acquired per-
fection it would be less exposed to counterfeiting;
and, in fine, that the superintendence of the Gov-
ernment would be a guarantee of security which
does not exist where the work is distributed in
a large number of establishments. Such was the
testimony of the minister adopted by the illus-
trious authority in science, Dumas. Perhaps
the case could not be stated stronger. But it
did not prevail in 1800, when it was first given—
nor in 1835, nor in 1839—even in France, where
the tendency to concentration is so active, where
the facilities for it are so great, and where the
disposition to take counsel of science is so con-
firmed. But surely there must be a reason why
it did not prevail.
Dumas says, in rather contemptuous phrase,
