902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the. form of taxation twenty cents. But I will not
discuss this matter farther. The arguments pro
' and con. are obvious; and I do not wish to detain
the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. CARLILE rose.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, and theu 1 will give way to the Senator.
Mr. CARLILE. I wish also to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. I will withdraw mine if it
will not suit you.
, Mr. CARLILE. If it is in order I will submit
a motion that the Senate agree to the amendments
to the bill as made by the House after it had gone
there from this body.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Secretary read the
amendment that I propose ?
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
outallof the resolution after the word "resolved,"
and to insert:
That the Senate disagree to the resolution of the House
of Representatives of yeste>day's date, proposing instruc-
tions to the conferees, and ask another free conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House No. 122, to increase the internal revenue, and for
other purposes.
Mr. CONNESS. That will meet the case.
Mr. CARLILE. I should prefer the motion
that 1 have submitted. It has been stated in this
discussion that the delay already in acting upon
this bill has lost to the Treasury a considerable
amount that would have been placed there by tax-
ation upon this article of whisky, if this bill had
been enacted into a law when it first came to this
body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me say one thing to
the Senator. If we agree to the bill in the shape
in which it came back to us from the House, the
result wilt be that we shall have a tax of sixty
cents from now until the ]st of July, and after
that time it will go back to twenty cents, and re-
main there.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notonlythat: thetaxstill
exists on spirits imported into this country, and
not on those manufactured here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my construction.
That is the view I take as to what the cffect would
probably be.
Mr. CARLILE. In answer to that it might be
replied that that could be remedied by subsequent
legislation; hut before I would consent to do an
act of injustice, as I think would be done by the
Congress of the United Suites if they should tax
the aitiele on hand after it has paid a tax under
the law as it now exists, I would allow the bill to
fail entirely, and allow this question as to the tax
to be placed on whisky to come up for consider-
ation in connection with the other subjects of tax-
ation when we consider the revenue bill. I will
withdraw my moiion, and allow the Senator from
California to present his amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 will simply say that I agree
entirely in what was last stated by the Senator.
I prefrr that this hill should fail than that we
should agree to the demand of the House of Rep-
resentatives at the piesent time, and then take up
the question and legislate upon it at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir; I withdraw it to
allow the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia to be presented,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear that
amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. H will be again
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows!
That the Senate disagree to the resolution of the House
oi Representatives of jesterday's date proposing instruc-
tions to the conferees, and another free conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two IIou es on the bill of the
House No. 192, to increase the internal revenue, and for
other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is understood to move to amend the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio by striking
out all after the word " resolved" and inserting
what has been read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 hope the Senate will
not agree to the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio. Such legislation as he proposes would
operate very disastrously to a large interest that I
am required to represent, in connection with my.
distinguished colleague in tins body. I agree with
the decision of the President of the Senate that it
is competent to instruct a committee of conference
on the part of the Senate; but 1 submit whether
the particular instruction proposed in this case is
within the power of the Senate. What subject
goes to a committee of conference r Not the whole
bill, but only the questions in difference between
the two Houses. Now what are those questions?
Three and only three, neither of which relates to
a tax on the article manufactured in this country
now on hand. There is a disagreement between
the two Houses in respect to the proposed in-
crease after July and January next. There is a
disagreement between the two Houses in respect
to the tax proposed to be imposed upon that in
the market which has been imported from foreign
countries; but there is no disagreement touching
the proposition to tax whisky manufactured in
the country and which is on hand.
I will ask the attention of the Senate to this
fact: that the bill as it came to the Senate from the
House proposed a tax upon three articles: first,
whisky to be manufactured; secondly, whisky
manufactured in the country and now on hand;
and, thirdly, liquors imported from foreign coun-
tries and now in our markets. The House and
the Senate have agreed to the tax now to be im-
posed at sixty cents upon the article hereafter to be
manufactured. The House and the Senate have
disagreed as to the tax upon the article brought
into the country from foreign countries and now
on hand; but the House and Senate have both
agreed not to tax that which is produced in the
country and now on hand. The Senate struck
out this provision of the House bill:
Provided further, Thatal! spirits on hand forsale, whether
distilled prior to the date of this act or not, shall be subject
to the rates of duty provided by this act from and after the
12th day of January, 1864, except that spiuts which have
been already taxed under the law approved July 1, 1862,
shall not bear more than the additional or increased tax
proposed by this act.
The Senate struck that provision out of the
House bill. That amendment went to the House
and the House concurred in the amendment of the
Senate. The House agreed that that tax should not
be imposed, and the two bodies stand concurring,
not disagreeing, upon the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I know he says that he pro-
poses a tax of twenty cents and that this was a
tax of forty cents on the article in market; but
the Senate decided by its vote, on the proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
and on the proposition in the bill, not to tax the
stock on hand at all. That was the decision of
tlie Senate. That decision of the Senate went to
the House, and the House concurred in it; but
the House refused to concur in two other propo-
sitions. Now I want to know 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shoudliketoaskmyhon-
orable friend if he does not know that practically
the House of Representatives do not concur in that
amendment, and that the vote of the House on
the subject of these very instructions shows that
the opinion of the House is that the tax should
be levied. Therefore it is the same as if it still
stood in tlie bill, and there was a disagreement
between the House and the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should be happy had
the Senator from Wisconsin not asked me any
question which would require me to explain the
conduct of the House. I am sure he will find him-
selfembarrassed if he should undertake that work.
The course of the House in respect to this matter
has been extremely strange, and such as not to
demand of the Senate to abandon a principle that
it has asserted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend will
allow me, I do not think it necessary for me to
say anything on the subject of the conduct of the
House by way of justification or by way of im-
peachment, but I think it is very susceptible of
explanation. The House, as I understand, by a
very decided vote determined in the first instance
to impose this tax upon whisky on hand when the
bill originally passed. It came to the Senate. Cer-
tain amendments were made here. It went back
to the House, and under the operation of their pre-
vious question, which takes everything, at a mo-
ment and with hardly any discussion, it is prob-
able, a3 the gentleman states, that at first there
was a concurrence.
Mr. SHERMAN. In striking out the tax of
forty cents.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; but subsequently
there has been a determination on the part of
the House, as I understand, to insist on a tax on
this liquor on hand to a certain extent, between
twenty and forty cents a gallon. I will say to
my honorable friends here the practical question
is this: whether we shall come to it now, or kill
this bill and come to it three weeks hence. That
is the practical question before Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Permit me to ask the
Senator a question. Did not the very member of
the House of Representatives who moved this
amendment to tax the stock on hand vote against
his own amendment? I understand that the dis-
tinguished member from New York who proposed
it did vote against it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I look upon this as the
practical question before Congress: Shall we kill
this bill now, or shall we go into a conference
with the House on thissubject? If we kill it now,
we shall come to this same question about three
weeks hence; and in the mean time we shall lose
what revenue we might otherwise have secured.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator has gone
beyond the point to which he called attention.
He asked me if the House has not in fact insisted
on this proposition to tax the article in market.
I say that the Senate struck that proposition of the
House from the bill. It went to the House; and
if the House wished then to tax the article in
market thirty cents instead of forty, it should
have been done by concurring in the amendment
of the Senate with an amendment, which was
competent under the rules of the House.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Indiana
is perhaps technically right, but practically upon
the case as it stands now on their vote on these
instructions the House have reconsidered that
vote and have decided to insist upon putting the
same tax on the liquor on hand. We shall nave
to meet the House on that question either on this
bill or, by killing this bill, on a new bill. There
is no doubt about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator repeats what
he said before, that the question now before the
Senate is whether we will agree to what the House
demands or allow the bill to be lost. I do not
think that is the question. I do not think that
the House is going to defeat an important meas-
ure of legislation merely because it cannot force
the Senate to come to its views.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir. The Senator
misunderstands if he understands that the House
has undertaken to force the Senate to agree to
this proposition; but I say the direct effect will
be, we shall have to meet this proposition at
some time; we can either meet it now on this bill,
or we can kill this bill and wait and meet it on
some new bill to come up some two or three
weeks hence, perhaps.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, sir, when the new
bill comes up I hops the Senate will be able to
meet the question. That is all I can say to the
Senator from Wisconsin on that point. The Sen-
ate has met this particular proposition. The Senate
has said on a proposition offered by the Senator
himself that we would not agree to a tax at the
rate of twenty cents a gallon. In response to the
proposition of the House the Senate has said we
would not agree to a tax of forty cents. To be
sure, we have notgone up from one to forty cents,
giving a vote on each cent; butthe Senate has dis-
tinctly informed the House that we do not agree
to the proposition that the article now in market
and produced in this country ought to be taxed
at all. The will of the Senate on that subject has
been clearly made known.
But, sir, that was not the question that I desired
now to speak upon. I say that the instruction
proposed by the Senator from Ohio is not proper;
it cannot be given to the committee of conference.
That committee has nothing to do with this bill
except upon the questions of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses. In respect to the ques-
tions of disagreement, the Senate may instruct its
part of the committee; but outside of the ques-
tions of disagreement the Senate cannot instruct
that committee, for the reason that that is not one
of the modes of legislation known to parliament-
ary usage. Let me ask the Senator this question:
is it competent for the Senate to instruct its por-
tion of the committee to tax cotton two cents per
pound on this bill? The Senator would say no;
and why? For the obvious reason thatthat ques-
tion was not referred to the committee. The
Senate may instruct the committee upon all the
