IM8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
thatti on one side is ft petty local interest in a
great degree imaginary." (See Rapport, p. 70.)
But if this " petty local interest" were of sufficient
importance to prevail for so long a time in Prance,
against such influences, it must be because there
was something of intrinsic strength in its char-
acter. I have alluded thus minutely to this testi-
mony, because I would not keep anything out of
the discussion that was calculated to shed light
upon it; and because it seems to me that the
long-continued practice of France, in spite of such
testimony, must not be disregarded in our en-
deavors to arrive at a true policy.
Thus far our Government has followed the
teachings from the practice of Prance, rather than
from its science on this subject. It renounced,
some time ago, the policy of a single mint, acting,
it may be supposed, under other considerations of
a controlling character. The statute of March
3, 1835, (Statutes at Large, vol. four, p. 774,Enti-
tled "To establish branches of the Mint of the
United States," provides for mints at New Or-
leans, Charlotte, in North Carolina,and Dahlon-
ega, in Georgia—the two latter for the coinage of
gold only. Since then there has been provision
for mints at San Francisco, Denver, and Carson
City.
I do not have before me the most recent state-
montof the productionatthcsedifferent mints; but
this is not necessary for illustration. If we take
the year 1851, we shall find that the number of
pieces, gold, silver, and copper, produced that
year was as follows:
Philadelphia  24,985.730
New Orleans  3,539,000
Charlotte    105.356
Dahlonega.      83,«56
So that mints were kept up at the two latter
places merely to manufacture a very small amount
of coin. Eut the reason assigned was that gold
was produced in the neighborhood.
If we look at the cos* of production at these
different rilaces, we shall find that at Philadelphia
it was only 42-100 per cent.; at New Orleans,
1 8-100 per cent.;at Charlotte, 3 55-100 percent.;
and Dahlonega, 3 13-100 per cent. But great as
was the economy at Philadelphia, compared with
lhat at the other mints, we shall find that at the
Pans mint the same production costs one half less.
If we look further at the mints of Charlotte
and Dtthlonega-it io easy to see how every con-
sideration of economy was against them. "With
a single Munich press in the mint at Chailotte
the whole annual coinage there would have been
accomplished in thirty-three hours'. And with a
similar press at Dahlonega the whole annual coin-
age there would have been accomplished in less
than twenty-eight hours! Experience shows
that one Munich press will coin in a day of ten
hours, allowing one sixth of the time for stop-
pages and accidents, thirty thousand pieces. Of
couise the coinage at these two places must have
been at an expense much beyond that of Philadel-
phia. It would have been more economical for the
Treasury to have paid the cost of transporting the
gold from these places to Philadelphia. And
doubtless this would have been done if the ques-
tion of economy had been alone involved.
I have referred to these instances as illustra-
tions of the policy already adopted by our Gov-
ernment. And yet I cannotsay that they commend j
themselves to my judgment, especially when itis
considered that la ull probability the coinage at
these mints, besides being expensive, was ;il o of
an inferior quality.
But the vast pioducts of gold in distant Califor-
nia presented the question in a new foim. Un-
expectedly the early prodigies of Mexico ami
Peru were renewed. Puvate persons were sud-
denly enriched. Gold was turned up like a clod
of the valley, or washed out of sands deposited by
mountain toirents. Where gold thus abounded
the currency of the country was naturally in this
metal, which thus perfoimed its double function
of meiehandise and money. Should all this treas-
ure be sent faraway to Philadelphia for coinage?
The answer of reason, convenience, and commerce
was eleaily against any such entbieed transpor-
tation. A mint became a necessity. Even as-
suming that the coinage could be executed with
more economy and perfection at Philadelphia,
it is evident, on the simple statement of the case,
that the local interests of California wrere too im-
portant to be neglected. The mint was established,
and during the last year gold has been coined
there to the amount of §17,510,963, while the
smaller amount of $3,340,931 was the sum total
of gold coinage during the same time at Philadel-
phia.
It is now proposed to create another mint in
Oregon, and the reasons foi> it are similar to those
which prevailed in the case of California. The
country is found to be fruitful in gold, if not to
the same extent as California, yet so much so
as to require similar facilities for coinage. It
seems that the amount received at three private
assay offices in the city of Portland, from Janu-
ary 15 to October 30 of the last year, reached
§2,486,406. Compare this sum with the paltry
yield at Charlotte or Dahlonega, where mints were
established and maintained down to the rebellion.
The mines of Peru have been proverbial for rich-
ness; but the sum total of their product in 1858
was only $6,000,000. That of Chili was $5,000,000;
and that of Bolivia was only $2,000,000, less than
the product of Oregon for a part of a year.
Here again the considerationsofscience,which
seem so strong in favor of a single mint, seem to
lose their applicability, or rather they fail in pres-
ence of other considerations which cannot be
neglected. Sir, we cannot forget in our legisla-
tion that it is no narrow territory that comes
within our jurisdiction, but that it is a vast re-
gion, washed by two great oceans and separated
by intervening.mountains. A rule which may be
proper in a countr ' like France becomes inap-
plicable to a country so vast in territory as ours.
If all our States were huddled together on a single
seaboard, perhaps a single mint might suffice.
In such a case the economy and perfection of the
coinage might be exclusively consulted. But the
iuteiests of business on the Pacific coast must
not be sacrificed, even to these considerations.
Spain still has mints at Madrid and Seville, al-
though at the latter place the coinage is chiefly
confined to copper; but in former days, while
Mexico was a Spanish province, there was a
Spanish mint there, for the same reason, I sup-
pose, that a mint is now proposed m Oregon.
But Oregon is even more distant from Philadel-
phia than Mexico fiom Madnd.
The consideration from distance alone cannot
be disiegarded. Oregon is five thousand miles
from Philadelphia, and seven hundred miles from
Sail Francisco. It is impossible to legislate for
such immense spaces as you would legislate for
a European kingdom, where every part is within
easy distance of the metropolis.
In England there is only a single mint, which
transacts the business of that commercial coun-
try. But I need not remind you that all its vast
commerce is conducted within a small territory.
In Holland, also, there is only a single mint, al-
though during the days of the republic there was
a mint in each province. At the revolution these
weie abandoned, snd one mint for the -whole
kingdom was established at Utrecht. But here
again I may remind you of the narrow space of
territory which is served by ibis mint.
The whole question has been obscured by con-
sidering gold when coined as exclusively cur-
rency, whereas it is also merchandise. It is in
this latter character that it comes under the same
laws which govern commerce m other articles.
1! we go back to Aristotle we shall find a defini-
tion to which it i5> difficult to add anything in our
day. '' 11 is agreed," says this master ofiliought,
■!to e;ivt; end receive in exchange a substance \
which, useful iii itself, is easily managed in the
us.<<'« of Hie; as, for example, iron, silver, or [
sei.h other su'-sLmce as shall linve a determined j
dimension and weight, and which, in order to !
avoid the embarras.-nieiit of continual weighing, j
sh'tU be 'jii.tt kfd hu a particular stamp as the sign of \\ tide or to meet the desires of its producers. Now.
the quality which fitted them for that employment."
Therefore, it must not be forgotten that coin is
something more than money; it is merchandise
also. In this character it plays a conspicuous
part in the commerce of the world. It differs in "
size from the lumber of Maine, but it is just as
much an article of merchandise.
It is when we regard gold as merchandise that
we see how clearly in certain places and under
certain circumstances it escapes from the scien-
tific laws which are applicable especially to coin-
age. Gold is unique among articles of commerce.
Every other article may allow discussion as to its
quality. Clothes or wool may be more or less
fine; flour may be more or less bolted, or it may
be made from hard or soft wheat. But gold is
chemically a simple body, and when once refined
perfectly homogeneous, whether it comes from
California or Siberia, from the sands of Tran-
sylvania or the poorer sandsof the upper Rhine.
Let it be once brought up to any arbitrary stand-
ard, as, say, nine tenths, and there is no difference
in its character. But this degree of fineness must
be established in an authentic manner, or other-
wise transactions in this article may be arrested
at every moment. The delicate agencies neces-
sary for determining its value are not easily ac-
cessible. The Government, therefore, as the rep-
resentative of the community, after refining and
weighing gold, puts upon it a stamp which guar-
anties its weight and fineness. Thus the eagle,
with the stamp of ten dollars, is a piece which,
according to the act of Congress of 18th January,
1837, (Statutes at Large vol. five, p. 138,) weighs
two hundred and fifty-eight grains with nine
tenths of gold and one tenth of alloy. The Eng-
lish sovereign is a stamped piece of gold twenty-
two carats fine, and of such weight in proportion
to the troy ounce that .£3 17s. 10(/. shall make
an ounce. The French franc is a stamped piece
of silver weighing exactly five grains and nine
tenths fine.
But in our country, and now especially in Cal-
ifornia and on the Pacific coast, gold has become
a principal article of production and exportation,
like wheat or cotton. Such is its character that
it instinctively seeks inspection in order to secure
a guarantee and recommendation. Now, every
State has its inspectors, for instance, of flour;
pot and pearl ashes; fish, beef, and pork. In
Massachusetts I think there have been inspectors
of sole leather, although a hide of leather is open
on all sides. But if gold be regarded as merchan-
dise there is more reason for its inspection. It
is true that it is more portable than these other
articles; but it is also more valuable, more easily
lost, more easily stolen, and more provocative to
plunder. * Therefore, it is entitled to peculiar safe-
guards. _
Here, then, is the case in a nutshell. Califor-
nia is already a large exporter of gold as mer-
chandise. Oregon is now commencing a similar
career. But the gold there ought to have every
advantage as merchandise which it can derive
from the inspection of the Government. Call it
protection, if you will; but I beg to submit that
an interest so important, so peculiar, and so deli-
cate, deserves this protection.
If it be said that all this may be accomplished
by an assay office, I reply that this does only par-
tially what is accomplished by the mint. The
gold is delivered back in ingots stamped, so that
for certain purposes it is merchandise; but the
work is only half done. If the quantity were
trivial, as at Charlotte and Dahlonega, then an
assay office would suffice; but where the supply
is so great as in California or Oregon, it would
seem as if no pains ought to be spared by the
Government to facilitate the commerce in this ar-
Us ealue." (Politics, book 1, cap. 3.) Iiiquotm^
these words, Alieiiel Chevalier, the politicalecon-
P omist and new-made .senator of Fiancq, who has
'i given much attention to this subject, rightly
] says that, the whole question is admiiably put
and at the nine time (ieieinuned. But the same
j idea has been staled also by Adam Smith in his
jlrematkablo work on the Wealth of Nations.
[' "The qualities,'"hesays, " "futility, beauty,and
i| seal city are the original foundation of the high
jj price of tin so metals, or of the great quantity of
j! other goods for which they can everywhere be
1 exchanged. Th'n. value e ;/s antecedent to and iu-
! dependent of tluir bi'ng employed a:, coin, and was
it is obvious that nothing in this respectcan equal
! the stamp which is put upon the national com.
| A courtier said to Philip 11 of Spain, " Your
j golden ducats carry your name and your features
| over all the countries of Europe, exciting envy
| and dread." The time for envy and dread has
| passed; but our eagles are not idle. There is
j their inscription, /, pluribus umim, and an un-
! questionable stamp of nationality and value,
I which they carry wherever they go.
I Therefore, sir, while admitungthat for tlie sake
j of the coin there must be the highest accuracy
■ possible in the operations of the mint, 1 cannot
,, hesitate to insist that, regarding gold us merchan-
