2924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ures a matter of prompt importance. That is the
testimony.. I have from other quarters informa-
tion going to show that if something is not done,
not only the immediate locality will suffer, but
the harbor generally; its character as a harbor
will be in danger, and other places in the harbor
will more or less be affected injuriously by the
injury firsteommencingin this quarter. It is im-
portant that the remedy should be applied here
and at once, as we have military fortifications on
these different islands in Boston harbor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not on this.
Mr. SUMNER. Wot precisely on this, but on
several of the islands in Boston harbor; the sit-
uations of all these fortifications are all more or
less affected by the injury to which these par-
ticular islands are exposed. I believe, sir, if I
may so express myself,'they all make common
cause. There is not a fortification in Boston
harbor that has not an interest in having Great
Brewster and Deer island put in a proper condi-
tion, and protected against injury, according to
the recommendation of General Totten. General
Totten recommended it while he was still spared
to us, our most approved authority on a matter
of that kind, our chief engineer, who dealt with
the matter, as 1 understand it, with a view to-the
interest of the fortifications in Boston harbor. I
see the line that possibly may be run between
this case and some other cases. General Totten
forbore to run that line; the House of Represent-
atives has forborne to run that line. Why should
we now undertake to run it? It is enough, sir,
that the public interests require that this should
be done. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
adhere to what the other House has adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I had followed my
own inclinations with regard to this particular
item, I should have been disposed and anxious
to retain it in the bill; but acting upon the prin-
ciple upon which thejeommittee felt bound to act,
it was not easy for me to do so. I agree with all
that the Senators from Massachusetts have said
in regard to the importance of this appropriation
which it is proposed to strike out. I -took pains
to inform myself in regard to it. I have, no doubt
of the extreme urgency of the case. I have no
doubt of the great injury that is accruing year by
year to these islands, nor have I any doubt of
their indirect connection with the fortifications in
the harbor, and more especially with the preser-
vation of the harbor itself, which is of great'im-
portance to us in a national point of view, espe-
cially as connected with our navy-yard, where
we have very large expenditures. That question
has been settled by recent surveys, and the opin-
ion of the military authorities is uniform with
regard to it.
As stated by the Senator [Mr. Sumner] the.
work upon which we have already expended a
good deal of money on Brewster's island is very
fast disappearing from the want of a small appro-
priation m order to complete it. It is almost com-
plete, but it needs something more. There is the
argument in its favor, and the argument is all in
its favor. There is nothing to. be said against it
in a national point of view.
The answer to it, however, is this: it is put in
the fortification bill; this is a bill making appro-
priations for the military defenses of the coast and
other places and those things thatare immediately
connected with these military defenses; and these
two items and one other with regard to the harbor
of Buffalo were inserted in the bill by the House
ofReprcsentatives on full argument, without ref-
erence to that particular question. There is no
estimate for either of these appropriations in the
general estimates furnished to us for the expendi-
tures of the year; but so far as that is concerned,
the letter which has been read maybe considered
as an estimate by General Totten.
Mr. SUMNER. And adopted also and recom-
mended by the Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. But I mean
that it is not one of those things that are included
in the general ordinary estimates, as they are
called, for the appropriation bills. Thegreatdiffi-
culty in my mind is whether it will Jo to insert
what is substantially a commercial improvement
in a fortification bill, and perhaps a commercial
necessity. It is true it is notaltogethercommer-
cial, for I agree with theSenator from Massachu-
setts that indirectly these works are connected
somewhat with the military defenses of the har-
bor, but not immediately. They are not so re-
garded by the officers who have made the esti-
mates for these military defenses.
Under that impression, and carrying out the
principle which we have felt bound to adopt in
regard to these bills, to keep them within the
limits that properly belong to them, the commit-
tee felt obliged to strike out these appropriations,
thinking that if they were necessary they should
be estimated for and stand in a bill for themselves,
and that that bill should perhaps cover other
things that are if not quite as necessary yet ne-
cessary in themselves. The difficulty is that we
do not know where to stop when we begin upon
these matters. I am very much afraid that gen-
tlemen would feel inclined, if this was adopted,
to move similaramendments fordifferentsections
of the country, so that there would be no end in
fact to the debate that would spring up and to the
effort that would be made to put upon a fortifica-
tion bill other matters which are not properly
connected with it and which should not stand in
that relation.
That is the simple ground on which the com-
mittee put it. They deemed it their duty to strike
out these two items. It is for the Senate to de-
cide whether the views of the committee are cor-
rect or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one additional
fact- in addition to those suggested by the chair-
man of the committee. We have this morning
appropriated $250,000 for general repairs of works
of a similar character on the lakes, and $100,000
for such repairs on the ocean. That hill came
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would have been a
good place to put this provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed, as a matter of
course, when that bill was passed, all these spe-
cial appropriations for particular harbors were
to be abandoned.
Mr. SUMNER. I had rather rely upon a spe-
cific appropriation for these two particular sea-
walls than a general appropriation in which they
are not named,and which, of course, will be open
to question hereafter by the Department that has
the expenditure of the money. And, sir, I am
led to persevere by this consideration: the House
ofReprcsentatives, which has the originating of
these measures, has, after proper inquiry, made
this appropriation. I understood the Senator
from Maine to say that the appropriation was not
in the general estimates furnished to the House.
But can that affect our decision ? It appears that
it was in a special recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War; and surely that is as good as if it
found a place in the general estimates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He did not recommend
that it be put in this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. No, but he recommends it,
and I take it that is enough. As long as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had the special rec-
ommendation from the Secretary of War, backed,
too, by General Totten, it seems to me that was
enough.
Then, sir, behind it all is the great, overruling
necessity of the case. The Senator is afraid that
propositions will come from some other quarter.
If from any other quarter there is an equal neces-
sity, I say let it come. We are here to legislate
for such cases, to meet the public exigencies as
they arise, not to postpone them, not on any
ground of theory or merely for the symmetry or
uniformity of a bill to object to a proposition
which is m itself intrinsically just.
If any measure really concerns the public in-
terest, and if on inquiry it appears that it is im-
portant that it should be acted upon promptly,
that it should not be postponed, then I think the
time has passed for niceties as to whether it
should be taken up on this bill or on another
bill, especially when the House of Representa-
tives has already passed it on this bill.
It seems to me the argument in favor of keep-
ing it on this bill where the House of Represent-
atives placed it is absolutely unanswerable, un-
less it be by the suggestion which fell from the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and which
has been repeated i  conversation by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes.] They both have
called my attention to the bill which passed the
Senate this morning, making a provision as fol-
lows:
The further sura of $100,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War, in repairing sucli oftlie
public works connected with the harbors on the seaboard
of the United States as may in his judgment need such
expenditures.
The Senate will observe the generality of that
appropriation. In the first place it is not spe-
cifically applicable to Boston harbor, certainly not
specifically applicable to these two sea-walls 
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senator what other
sea-walls have been recommended by the Secre-
tary of War or General Totten, or what other
improvement on the seaboard, save these two
sea-walls ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware what others on
the seaboard have been recommended, but there
are several others in Boston harbor—the Senator
perhaps is not aware—which need repair.
Mr. GRIMES. My question is, what ones
have been recommended by the Secretary of War
and officers under him1; save those named in the
fortification bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I am only aware of those in
Boston harbor. Naturally, 1 have not followed
the recommendations elsewhere.
Mr. GRIMES. The inference, I think, is very
fair, if they have called the attention of the pub-
lic only to those in Boston harbor, that Boston
harbor would certainly get a very fair proportion
of these $100,000 we have already appropriated
this morning, and that bill was passed in the
other House some weeks after the appropriation
bill was passed there that is now under consider-
ation.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Assuming that
Boston will get what the Senator calls a fair
ShMr. GRIMES. All.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says we will#
get it all. I know nothing of that. Suffice it to
fcsay that there is no specific appropriation for this
purpose; and when I consider the importance of
providing- against the abrasion of these islands,
and the injury that must ensue not only to the
islands but to the harbor itself, and then, as I
say, indirectly to all the fortifications which are
planted on several of those islands, I feel that we
ought not to miss the opportunity of securing
the appropriation. I hope, sir, i shall not be
considered too pertinacious in this matter. It
seems to me that the House of Representatives
acted wisely in placing it in the bill, and that the
Senate will not act as wisely as the House if it
rejects it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the clause will" be
stricken out. It is very evident that if any such
necessity exists it is provided for by the bill
already passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " for
repairs of sea-wall at Buffalo, $37,500."
Mr. HARRIS. Why is that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is of the same char-
acter as the others, not connected at all with any
military work.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance or of the
Military Committee whatis meant by the eighty-
sixth and eighty-seventh lines, where there is an
appropriation of $300,000 to provide " obstruc-
tions to be moored in the Potomac river to render
the shore batteries more efficient for the protec-
tion of Washington against maritime attack."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has ail the
information we have. It is an amount proposed
by the military authorities, the engineers, as ne-
cessary. I am not master of the military art, and
I cannot judge of the necessity.
Mr. GRIMES. I confess that I should like to
have some information about what obstructions
we are going to put into the Potomac river in or-
der to protect ourselves. I have seen moored upon
a former occasion some obstructions which it was
the design to sink in the Potomac river. I should
like to know the description of these before I vote
for the bill. I move to strike out the eighty-sixth,
eighty-seventh, eighty-eighth, and eighty-ninth
lines. I do not expect the motion to carry, but
I want to put myself on the record against voting
blindly any such appropriation without any
knowledge on the part of anybody of how the
money is to be expended.
