1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
disc, the mint must be established in such locali-
ties as may be required by the interests of com-
merce.
I doubt if there would beany hesitation in this
conclusion, if the whole subject of coinage had
nut been shrouded with a certain mystery, al-
most like the 14 black art.*' This appeals con-
stantly.
" They cannot touch me for cowing ;
I am the king,"
says Shakspeare; and Pope says:
 <c she now contracts her vast design,
And all her triumphs shrink into a coin."
Like other incidents of sovereignty, coinage has
been reserved rightfully to the Government, but
on this account it has been little appreciated in
its true character. People have sometimes erred
in not seeing that the delicate laws which are ap-
plicable to this subject must not be strained to
interfere with the proper regulation of the value
of gold when it has become a principal article of
merchandise.
Objection is also made on the ground that a
mint is necessarily an expensive structure. But
tins is a mistake, arising partly from the general
mystification on this subject, and partly because
the Philadelphia Mint, which we have all seen, is
an expensive structure. A mint, in plain terms,
is nothing but a founder]) provided with good locks
and keys. If it be finished elaborately and ex-
pensively, it may attract the eye, but it does not
become more useful. The whole system of coin-
age has been twice changed during the present
generation: first,by the change in assays by Gay-
Lussac in 1830,and secondly, by the introduction
of the Munich press worked by steam instead of
the old hand-press with two ponderous balls as
flies. And the Munich press itself has been much
improved in France by Thonellier. Now, a mint
should not be so costly as not to receive easily
all improvements. The science of metallurgy is
sull in the progress of development, and it cannot
be doubted that the coming generation will witness
improvements as important as any during our
day. The eminent French authority to whom I
have already referred, Dumas, was in the habit
of ridiculing the expensive edifices constructed in
Franco for mints. It was his desire that the pres-
ent mint at Paris should be surrendered to some
public office, and the business of the mint removed
to an open space in the suburbs. In his report he
has furnished estimates tending to show the small
expense of a mint, according to his ideas, which
should be adequate to all the coinage of France.
If you would see how the cost of a mint in ou%
country may swell, at least in calculations on
paper, if not in reality, I beg to refer you to the
memorial of the Board of Trade of Philadelphia
in relation to the establishment of a branch mint at
New York in 1852. But the mint pictured heie
isanything but the simple foundery which I have
descubed, or the woikshop which the Senator
from Oregon asks you to authorize.
Mr. President, 1 hope that I have notoccupied
too much time with this statement, I have been
led to make it m order to show that in differing from
the Committee on Finance 1 have not proceeded
without proper consideration. There are several
topics connected wrth the subject to which I
have not alluded, because I desired to confine my
remarks to the points in issue. There are also
details as to the costof coinagein a well-regulated
mint, involving the question of seignioidge, and
the essential difference between the systems of
England and France, which I should be glad to
present; but I have said enough. There is, how-
ever, one practical lemark, founded on the ex-
ample of Spain, which I venture to add. Itwas
the habit of this Power to require that the initial
of the place of coinage should appear on every
piece, so that the com from Madrid bore an M;
{Seville bore an S; and that from Mexico bore an
MO. This precaution rendered each mint respons-
ible for its own work. In France also every mint
lias Hs own special mark. The coins stiuck at
Paris bear the letter A. Perhaps a similar require-
ment in ou; uvvn countiy might have an influence
in stimulating greater care m the several mints,
by creating an honorable rivalry.
There is one other remaik which 1 would make
before 1 close. Much stress has been placed upon
the opinion of the Director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia. Indeed the whole case against the pro-
posed mint has been allowed to rest on his letter,
which begins so whimsically. I hope that I have
not spoken of him too freely; but since his au-
thority has been invoked, I have been led to ask
if there were anything in his studies or scientific
attainments calculated to render him a court with-
out appeal on this question. It is obvious that
his position for the time being subjects him to in-
fluences hostile to new mints. He naturally seeks
to amplify his jurisdiction, and to keep the tide
of gold from ebbing away from his marble build-
ing. Peihaps I do not use too strong language
if 1 say that he is under inducements to play the
pedant for his own mint, and to quote it against
every other mint. At all events, I think the Sen-
ate will be satisfied that on the present occasion
he ous;ht to be overruled.
Mi\ NESMITH. Mr. President, the history
which the Senator from Maine has given of this
bill I believe is substantially correct. Some time
in the early part of the session I introduced a bill
providing for the establishment of a branch mint
of the United States at Poitland, Oregon, asd it
was referred to the Committee on Finance. The
committee, however, reported back ad liferent bill,
one providing for the establishment of an assay
office at Carson Cny, in the Territory of Nevada,
and for the establishment of an assay office at the
Dalles, in Oiegon. The bill as reported by the
committee, and to which I believe the chairman
of the Committee on Finance raises no objection
at this time, provides for an appropriation of
$75,000 for the purpose of establishing an assay
office at the Dalles, in Oregon. "When the bill
came before the Senate I moved to strike out the
ninth section containing that provision and to in-
sert in lieu of it my original bill for the establish-
ment ofabranch mint,the only difference being that
Portland was stricken out and the Dalles was in-
serted,and an appropriation proposed of $100,000
for the establishment of a branch mint m place of
$75,000 for the establishment of an assay office.
My amendment was adopted giving us a branch
mint in place of an assay office. It was adopted
after the question had be^n argued atsome length.
A few days ago, when my amendment was
adopted, the Senator from Maine manifesting to
this measure, as he has to almost every thing else
relating to our State, a very decided hostility,
when he found that he was beaten upon the vote
adopting the amendment, resorted to parliament-
ary tactics m order that he mi^ht have an oppor-
tunity to reconsider the vote by which it was
adopted. That was proper enough, perhaps; I
make no complaint of it. He found himself at
that time, however, in a dilemma. In order that
the reconsideration should be acted upon, it was
necessary that it should be done then, while the
bill was in Committee of the Whole. The Chair
reminded him of that fact. He then withdrew
his motion, and the bill now is reported to the
Senate with my amendment adopted^ and the
question is on his motion to strike out that amend-
ment which was adopted in Committee of the
Whole.
When the Senator gave us notice on that oc-
casion that he intended to speak upon the bill I
supposed he would introduce some new and con-
vincing arguments to show to the Senate the im-
propriety of adopting the amendment which re-
ceived thpirsanction.m Committee of the Whole.
Instead of that his speech has been simply a
reiteration of the objections of Mr. Pollock, with
the additional declaration that those objections
were sanctioneO by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. As I stated in my former remarks to the
Senate on this subject, when this matter was re-
feriedto the Secretary of the Treasury ho tacitly
admitted that he had no particular oi positive in-
formation on the subject, and therefore he referred
it to this man, Pollock. Pollock's letter has been
before the Senate, and has been read once or
twice. I spent some time in commenting on it
extensively, 1 do not propose to do itagain. The
Secretary of the Treasury gave no opinion ex-
cept what was based upon Pollock's letter, and
merely reiterated Pollock's arguments, gave none
other, simply concurringm what Mr. Pollock had
said. Neither has the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance produced any additional argu-
ments against this measure. He has apparently
rested his case on the letter which was ioad,and
which was written by Mr. Pollock, and indorsed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. Pollock,
though he may be veiy good authority for the
chairman of the Committee .on Finance, is no.au-
thority whatever for me; and I think that the sug-
gestions which the Senator from Massachusetts
has made in the speech which he has been so
kind as to make in favor of this measure, entirely
disposed of him by showing that his weakness
got the advantage of him, and that he was con-
trolled by selfish motives for the purpose of keep-
ing the Mint and the coinage at Philadelphia.
Two years ago there was a proposition before
the Senate to establish a branch mint at Denver,
in Colorado Territory. This same process of
reference was then gone through with. It was
referred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the Secretary of the Treasury, as in the present
instance, referred the matter to Mr. Pollock. Mr.
Pollock, for some reason or other, then found it
necessary to have a branch mint established at
Denver, m Colorado Territory; and he made a
favorable report, notwithstanding the fact that the
production of the mines in that Territory for the
four preceding years had amounted to but about
four million dollars, while last year the accumu-
lation of gold in Oregon from our own State and
the surrounding Territories amounted to about
fifteen million dollars, with a prospectof its being
doubled or trebled during the present year. Mr.
Pollock is hardly consistent with himself. He
stated then that it was absolutely Necessary to es-
tablish a brancli mint for a Territory producing
upon the average $1,000,000 a year; but he now
finds reasons why there should not be a branch
mint conceded to a portion of a Territory pro-
ducing $15,000,000 a year. On thatoccasion the
chairman of the Committee on Finance was either
misled by Mr. Pollock or else he was diverted
from his usual good judgment. When he pre-
sented that measure to the Senate, with the in-
dorsement of Mr. Pollock and the indorsement of
the Secretary of the Treasury, the honorable chair-
man said:
" It has been the policy of the Government to establish
bianch mints wherever it has been thought they weie
needed on account of' the groat yield of gold in particular
distiicts, and their distance lioni the existing mints. We
have had a branch mint at New Orleans, without any very
good reason for it that I could ever see.55 * * * *
" This region, however"—
Referring to Colorado—
" is at a very gieat distance"—
Not quite so great a distance as Oregon or Idaho,
I would remind the Senator—
•' and the yieJd is large and is ineieasmg very much every
year; and it seems to me to he unwise to compel the trans-
portation of gold from that section of country to this const
to he minted, and then to send it back again in the shape of
com to meet tiie necessities of the Government and the
people there. They have, indeed, found it neee&bary to es-
tablish puvate mints."
That is as conclusive an argument as I could
offer for the establishment of a mint in Oregon—
that very argument which the chairman of the
Committee on Finance offered in favor of thees-~
tabhshment of a branch mint for a people who
were producing about one million dollars a year;
and I submit to him that it is not very consistent
m him to undertake to refuse a mint to a people
who are producing fifteen or twenty million a
year, and who are two or three times as far frpm
the seat of^he central Government.
As to the question of additional expense to the
Government, I stated before that my amendment
adds only $25,000 to the appropriation contained
in the bill which has the sanction of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance and his committee.
Mr. Pollock's own report of last year shows that
the Government is in the habit of imposing a
chaige upon the coinage of gold sufficient to pay
the expenses of separating and of coining. There
can therefore be no additional expense to the Gov-
ernment. It is a mere question of policy and a
question of finance whether the gold shall be
coined in the neighborhood where it is produced
and where the producers can at least have some
of the benefit of it,or whether they shall be com-
pelled to send it to San Francisco or to Philadel-
phia. The reports of Mr. Pollock and his own
lettei of two yeais ago are conclusive ou that sub-
ject. In that letter he said:
" In view of the increased production of gold bullion
from that section"—
Referring to Colorado—
" and tiie delay, eipeimf, and inconvenience"—
The very things we complain of—
<kattendingits transmission to the Mint tor coinage, and to
aid m diffusing a mrullic euirenc> throughout our west-
