90-i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr, SHERMAN. That is the very form
adopted'by the House of Representatives. They
io not instruct their committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I am mistaken. X
#ouid like to hear the action of the House of
Representatives read.
Mr. SHERMAN. They simply say, as the
judgment of the House, that such an amendment
should be' made, providing for that tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that substantially
the same as instructions? I think it is.
* Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine for information's sake, supposing
all this be done and the committee of conference
report, whether that report is amendable in this
body?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not amendable. We
may reject it.
Mr. COWAN. We must reject it in loto or
not at all?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. That strikes me as a very strong
argument why we should not introduce this prac-
tice. it is the right of this body, when a measure
is proposed to make amendments, to discuss them
and to adopt them, according to the Usual form.
By adopting this most extraordinary mode of
legislation", it seems to me it will be establishing
a very bad practice, one that we shall hereafter
regret, f think itis due to the dignity of the Sen-
ate to resent an interference of this kind. There
is no disagreement here except from outside par-
ties. If the two Houses have agreed, what right
has anybody else to say they disagree and insist
that we shall reconsider our action and allow them
to impose upon us their particular measures?
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Senator
with whom we are disagreeing?
Mr. COWAN. I have made the same inquiry
myself, and I am at a loss to know with what
body we ore differing. It seems we have agreed
with the House of Representatives—the TTouse
concurred in our action. Now, 1 should like to
know with what body we are disagreeing. If
there is a third estate to be represented here, I
should like to know who it is, and where it is,
and what are the relations which we hold toward
it exactly. I know there are parries outside who
have disagreed with both Houses; but how they
expect to affect legislation through the medium
of committees of conference, I cannot say.
Perhaps the Senator from Iowa can inform us
who the thiid estate is that is dissatisfied with the
action of both bodies.
Mr. GRIMES. I can only tell by the news-
papers, to which the Senator has had the same
access as myself. 1 have had no intercourse
with any of those inside or outside parties.
Mr. SHERM AN. I am very sorry to see
Senators rest on technicalities on a plain propo-
sition like this. The Senator from Pennsylvania
says that the House have agreed to the proposi-
tion of the Senate. That is not so. The House
proposed a tax of forty cents a gallon on spirits
on hand. The Senate disagreed to that. It went
back to the House, and the House agreed that
foity cents should not be put on spirits on hand;
but at the same time 
Mr. COWAN. I will ask, if the House did
not agree to the bill us returned to them by the
Senate, with the exception of the differences
which were referred to the committee of confer-
ence r
. Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I explained—
the Senator could not have heard me—that it was
not within the power of the House under their
rules, and we are bound to take notice of their
rules, at that stage of the bill to make a proposi-
tion to levy a tax of twenty cents a gallon.
Mr. COWAN. Could they not disagree?
Mr. SHERMAN. They might have disagreed.
Mr. £IENDRICKS. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer that the Sen-
ator would wait until I get through; Senators are
propounding questions to me on ail sides.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to reply
to the Senator, and therefore 1 would like him to
answer a question now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will answer the
Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator say that
anamendmcnttoouramondmentwas not in order
in the House according to the rules of the House?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at that stage. I say
that at that stage an amendment to our amend-
ment was not in order, because the previous ques-
tion is always called on propositions of this kind,
which cuts off all amendments. We are bound
to regard that. We are bound to regard the action
of the other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it not the House
that called the previous question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. Now here we are,
the Senate of the United States, in the position of
a technical lawyer, picking at little flaws to avoid
a plain vote. 1 do not think it is done for that
purpose; but the argument looks like an attempt
to avoid a plain vote on the proposition. I would
prefer to take the vote on the direct question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to take it
on that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the Sena-
tor is. I have no doubt every Senator has made
up his mind on the merits of this matter honestly
and fairly, and therefore I simply desire to pre-
sent the question free from technicalities. I say
there is nothing in the action of either House to
prevent us from taking a fair vote on the question
whether we will levy a tax of twenty cents a gal-
lon on the spirits on hand. That is all I want.
Now in regard to another matter, the Senator
from Indiana seems to think that this is a gross
outrage, because, by the bill as it now stands, on
spirits imported into this country, which have
already paid a duty, there is an additional duty
levied of forty centsagallon. I say thatisgrossly
unjust; that it would be wrong and outrageous for
us to levy such a duty on imported liquors and
not levy the same duty on domestic liquors.
When spirits are brought into this country and
pay the duty, they stand like any other property
of similar character; and we have no light to se-
lect that particular property because it has been
imported and levy a new tax upon it. The bill
as it now .stands does levy a tax of forty cents on
imported spirits, and levies no tax on domestic
spirits. That is unjust.
It is perfectly competent now as a question of
parliamentary law for the Senate or the House to
propose to amend the Senate amendments in that
particular, in regard to the tax on impoi ted spirits.
1 will first state, however, that the House levied a
tax of forty cents a gallon on imported spirits, and
also the same tax on domestic spirits. The Senate
struck out the tax on imported spirits on hand.
The House may very properly say that they will
agree to a tax of twenty cents on imported spir-
its if the Senate willagree to a tax of twenty cents
on domestic spirits. It would be perfectly right
and perfectly proper to put it in that form. The
committee of conference may report that amend-
ment. But what is the condition of affaiis in a
committee of conference, unless you instiuct the
committee? Throe Senators are selected from this
body to represent the Senate. You cannot expect
those conferees to settle the point about taxing
spirits on hand unless they receive instructions
from the Senate, and therefore it is important to
obtain the instructions of the Senate. I was a
member of one of these committees of conference,
and I know we were constantly embarrassed by
the vote of the Senate. I wish to stand by the
action of the Senate until the Senate by a delibe-
rate act revokes that action.
Mr. CONN ESS. If it will not disturb the
Senator I should like to make a suggestion to him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. I was going to suggest to
the Senator that so far as 1 am concerned I am
entirely willing that this body shall vote on the
plain proposition whether they will consent to a
tax of twenty cents on the stock on hand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the Sena-
ator is piepaied to vote on that question.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say in that con-
nection—1 will consume no time—it is a proposi-
tion that has never been before this body, never
been examined or discussed. It is an important
proposition, important in its consequences to us, ;
to the Government, and to the countiy. j
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indiana !
and the Senator from Pennsylvania have just ar-
gued at some length that it was not only consid-
eied heie, but finally decided, and it is beyond
our power and the power of the House to lecon-
sider if. The Senator from California may settle
this matter with them.
Mr. CONNESS. It was considered in an indi-
rect manner on a motion made by the Senator
from Wisconsin,butit wasneverdiscussed in this
body as a proposition involving the policy con-
nected with it. The Senator knows that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 leave that disagreement
between the Senators and will let them settle it
among themselves. I say myself it has never been
settled beyond the power of either House. The
only reason why I ask for instructions is to re-
lieve from embarrassment the committee of con-
ference who may go out on the part of the Senate,
and it is but fair and right that the Senate should
give those instructions. This complication has
grown out of the action of the two Houses, and I
think it is but fair that the committee of confer-
ence, when appointed, should be relieved by in-
struction or request in any form Senators may
desire, expressing the opinion of the Senate. The
proposition of the Senator from California and the
proposition I have submitted will enable us to take
a fair vote. If a conference is appointed without
instructions, as a matter of course the conferees
appointed will represent the sense of the Senate,
and that would be considered as against any tax
on spirits on hand. If on the other hand the in-
structions which I submit aie adopted by a ma-
jority of the Senate, the conferees will no doubt
be appointed with a view to carry out those instruc-
tions. I think the question may be fairly presented
by these two propositions. If the proposition of
the Senator from California prevails, then whoever
is on the committee of conference will be bound to
adhere to what is then considered the action of the
Senate.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator from
Ohio talks about technicalities. He says we are
standing ou technicalities, sticking in the bark,
caviling upon the ninth part of a hair. Sir, I do
not understand this question exactly in that way.
What is a technicality ? A technicality is some-
thing which has been produced by the opeiation
of a rule. Is this body to have no rules? Is it
to abandon its rules and give them up whenever
it suits the whim or the caprice of some third es-
tate, some outside parties, to compel us to do so?
Why, sir, the essence of everything we do is,
that it is done according to rule; and when we
abandon rule we abandon law, and the body will
have no constitution and no guidance, and may
then do anything.
But how is this question? A bill came here from
the House of Representatives. We amended it,
and sent it back to the House. The House agreed
to that amendment. The honorable Senator says
thattheycould notamendthatamendment. Why?
Because the previous question was called. Who
called the previous question ? The House. When
the House calls the previous question, as I under-
stand it, they mean to say ," We will not amend;
we do not desire to amend;55 and that is the rea-
son that amendments are cut off. Then the two
Houses concurred upon all points save three, and
committees of conference were appointed to ad-
just those three points. What was the duty of
those committees? What was the limit of their
authority? To consider those points of disagree-
ment, and those alone. They had no right to con-
sider any other point of disagreement. That was
not their function, and could not be. If they could
not agree upon those points, it was their duty so
to report; but it was not their duty to introduce
a third element and attempt to force its passage
through both bodies by rules not known to the
bodies. A committee of conference, as 1 under-
stand the theory of the constitution of these
Houses, has no right to originate any measure.
Measures must originate m one of the Houses
from the regularly constituted committees. The
function of the conference committee is confined
solely to the subjects of disagreement, and not to
other amendments which they, in their judgment,
might suppose to be beneficial and foi the good
of the country.
Then, sir, as to the main question, it is said
that by levying a tax of forty cents a gallon on
whisky we thereby add forty cents a gallon to
the value of the whisky; and that if we do so it
is but fair that the Government shall share in that
increased value. Sir, that isamost extraordinary
cUgiinierH m favor of a tr-x, and one which I think
is entirely novel; at least I never remember to
have heard or rrad of it before this debate com-
menced. Suppose that should not be the factj
