1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
Mr. NESMITH. That is a question that the
Senator from Maine ought to be more able to
answer than myself. He is an able financier, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and he
ought to know, it is his duty to know, all about
the origin, production, coinage, and distribution
of the precious metals. It is his business to
know it, not mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator knows what
the business of Oregon is much better than 1 do.
I was never there, and do not know so much
about it. I supposed with reference to the affairs
of his own State that ho might be able to inform
me. I confess my ignorance as to what amount
of coin is necessary to do the business of his
State.
Mr. NESMITH. To be candid with theScn-
ator from Maine, that is a question which I am
unable to answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not vastly the largest
portion of it exported ?
Mr. NESMITH. It is like the codfish of
Maine, distributed throughout the country; it
goes everywhere. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come back ?
Mr. NESMITH. Sometimes it comes back;
it fluctuates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The codfish does not
come back. [Laughter.]
Mr. NESMITH. The gold does not generally
come back, because it is an article that we pro-
duce constantly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
understands my question. Is not very much the
largest part of the gold produced there exported?
Does it not go away not to return?
Mr. NESMITH. I admit that a great portion
of it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The Senator is aiguing
precisely as if none of it went out, or if it did that
it came directly back.
Mr. NESMITH. It does not all go out or all
come back; but 1 admit a very great portion of
it goes out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it not go to San
Francisco where there'is a mint?
Mr. NESMITH. Not all of it. Let me illus-
tiate this matter. Suppose the Senator from
Maine, who is an industrious man, wasa. resident
of Oregon, and had produced one hundred ounces
of gold dust. That one hundred ounces of gold
dust, we will say,^might coin him twenty dollars
if he had it at the Mint in Philadelphia, and out
of that he would be compelled to pay the expense
of coinage. He wishes to make a remittance to
the East and he desires to use the gold dust, the
intrinsic value that he has in his hand. He goes
to an express company or a banking house and
he says, " Here are one hundred ounces in gold
dust, which, coined into money, would be worth
twenty dollars. Now I desire you to pay such a
person that amount or else transmit this East and
let him get it coined their." Their answer would
he, "It is only worth fifteen or sixteen dollars
here." They would pay him the depreciated
amount that gold dust was selling for in the mar-
ket, on account of the superabundance of that
material produced there and the scarcity of coin
to redeem it. That very fact, the absence of coin,
which would be remedied by the measure I pro-
pose, depreciates the gold dust in his hands some
three or four oj^five dollars an ounce, and he is
compelled to-^ubmttsto. that depreciation in order
to make his gold dust available.
Now I think, in the present condition of the
country, when we are overwhelmed with an im-
mense'debt, when the people of that remote
region are struggling, as they have been for years,
to open up the country, to develop the mines, to
develop those vast resources of wealth which lie
hidden among their mountains and upon which
you must rely to discharge the liabilities you
ate now incurring, it will only be fair and just
and good policy for Congress to do everything
in their power to encourage that development.
Everything that you do in the way of giving
those people facilities for realizing the value of
the gold for which they delve in the earth is so
much done to increase the development of that
country. The time will come, when that country
is developed, when the Government will want to
make those lands available. They will want to
sell them or to realize money from them. They
will went to hold them as a resource toward
paying the great accumulation of national debt.
Is it not therefore good policy in us to do all in
our power to make them more valuable? The
question now before us is only the mere differ-
ence between $75,000 and $100,000. My amend-
ment proposes an appropriation of $100,000, and
that of the Committee on Finance $75,000. I
think that Is a mere paltry consideration.
Mr. President, I have occupied much more of
the time of the Senate than I desired to do on
this question, but it has been rendered necessary,
in my opinion, by the pertinacious opposition
which this measure has met on the part of the
Senator from Maine; and, unfortunately for me,
for some reason or other, all my measures meet
with opposition from that quarter. Before I sit
down, perhaps I ought to tender to the distin-
guished Senator fiom Massachusetts my kind ic-
gards for coming to my rescue in this important
crisis of our State.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended tosayawoid in thisdiscussion, for really
whether there shall be a mint in Portland, Ore-
gon, or whether there shall not, amounts to very
little with me. I trust that the day^will never
come here when I shall be willing to procure for
my own State a favor at the expense of another,
or to prevent another State from obtaining what
she wants on account of the advantage which it
might be to mine to withhold from herherdesires.
But, Mr. President, I rise for the purpose of
saying one word in regard to Governor Pollock,
who has been assailed here in my opinion in a
very unjustifiable manner. He has been held up
to ridicule before the eyes of the nation in a body
where he has no opportunity to be heard, no
chance to reply. I think it is exceedingly unfair to
a gentleman of his standing and ability that this
should be done. Fiist he was assailed the other
day by the light aitiUory of the honorable Sena-
tor from Oregon, whose barbs everybody knows
aie admirably pointed and sometimes keenly
poisoned. This is sent abroad all over the coun-
try for the purpose of rendering Governor Pollock
ridiculous. But to sum up, to-day the Senator
from Massachusetts comes upon him with the
heavy artillery and attempts to crush him down
on the ground that he is a pedant, and that, ow-
ing to his place, his judgment has been warped,
and that he has not given that opinion to the
country which perhaps ho would have done if he
had been unbiased. All I have to say of Govern-
or Pollock is that he is a gentleman and a scholar.
His education has been perhaps very much that
of the Senator from Massachusetts, it was lib-
eral in his youth. In his profession he obtained
distinction, and as a statesman I believe he has
won the applause of his fellow-countrymen. He
has been promoted to the chief magistracy of the
Srate in which he lives, and he has also occupied
a seat in the Halls of Congress.
Mr. NESMITH. I beg leave to ask the Sen-
ator whether his promotion has occurred since he
wrote that letter? [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. I will attend to the Senator
from Oregon and answer his question directly.
This is Governor Pollock. Now if this man,
when requested by his superior officer to give his
opinion upon a question of fact, gives it fairly and
honestly, and if, too, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says, they are very good reasons all
but one, why should he be assailed for that one?
Why should he be turned into ridicule because
he happened to use the phrase " national disin-
tegration?" I beg these learned Senators to re-
member that that phrase "national disintegra-
tion" includes a great question, a question mooted
long ago, as long ago, I think, as the coriquestof
Persia by Alexander. It was the question which
the Scythian decided by setting his feet on the
center of the ox hide. I am tree to say that I
have no very distinct opinion about it. I do not
say whether you can bind the nation more strongly
together by knittingitupon the center, or whether
you can preserve it haimonious by distributing
your favors equally all over it, putting a mint m
every State, an arsenal in every State, a foundery
in every State, and a navy-yard in every State.
Gentlemen may very well differ about all that;
but the fact, whether a man expiessed an opinion
one way or another, ought not, I think, to sub-
ject him to this storm of ridicule.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania tell the Senate how it was that Gov-
ernor Pollock recommended "a branch mint
Denver and denounced one at Portland ?
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I am not here
prepared to say that Governor Pollock may not
have done a great many inconsistent things in his
lifetime. I am not here to be the sponsor of his
past life. I am here, however, to say that I am
unwilling that he shall be unfairly treated, that
he shall be made ridiculous in the eyes of the
nation for that which will not warrant it. I have
only to say that Governor Pollock might complain
with Hamlet in his encounter with the grave-
digger:
" We must speak by the card, or equivocation will undo
us. By the Lord, Horatio, these three years I have taken
note of it; the age is grown so picked, that the toe of the
peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier, he galls his
kibe."
Which of your officers will be willing to giv& '
an opinion to his superior officer to be read in the
Senate if, for some inadvertent phrase of this kind,
if, for some opinion which does notcoincide with
the views of those who advocate particular meas-
ures, he is to be held up to the scorn and derision
of the nation?
Mr. President, I hope this will not be hereaf-
ter. Surely those who do this are not aware of
the injury and wrong Chey may inflict upon a
kindly heart and a genial soul in this way. I am
sure that the Senator from Oregon would not de-
sire to hurt any one's feelings in any way, and I am
equally sure that the Senator from Massachusetts
would not mean to reflect personally upon Gov-
ernor Pollock.
That is all I have to say. I have notattempted
to influence the Senate one way or the other with
regard to the measure which the Senator from Ore-
fon has at heart. I shall be perfectly satisfied if
e succeeds in it. I have no feeling one way or
the other; but 1 think it due to Governor Pollock
that he should not be assailed in this wise with-
out a single word being said in his behalf.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 was under tl« impression
that I did not assail Governor Pollock the other
day. I read a very shorUextract fiom his letter
and saw fit to comment on that, as I supposed I
had a right to do. I have seen Presidents* mes-
sages commented on,and every paper that is pro-
duced from any of the Departments is open to criti-
cism here. I think the most cutting criticism that
could have been made on Governor's Pollock's
letter would have been to publish the whole of it
to an intelligent community and allow them to
read it. Notwithstanding all the absurdities it
contains, it has, as I said the other day, found
advocates on this floor. I did not object to that;
but I did object a little the other day when the
Senator from Wisconsin brought his battery of ar-
tillery to bear against me and ridiculed my speech,
saying there was not a single ray of reason in it,
while he admitted there was some wit. After he
had thoroughly disposed of me, now I find my-
self attacked by the very distinguished Senator
fiom Pennsylvania, and he quotes Shakspeare
to make the thing conclusive. 1 have not read
much of Shakspeare, or of any other books; but
i do lecollect having read in my youth a classic
work which I believe iscalled " MotherGoose's
Melodies," and these distinguished Senators re-
mind me of that work where it says:
u The bull frog cocked his tail on high
And went bounding o'er the plain,
The bumble-bee went thundering bj,
And then came down tlie ram."
[Great laughter.]
We have had a striking parallel in this case,
and Pollock has been vindicated with a vengeance!
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to continue
the debate^ but 1 feel bound to allude to one or
two things stated by the Senator fiom Oregon.
I shall not attempt to imitate or copy either one
Senator or the other in their poetical quotations.
They quoted according to their tastes, i suppose,
and according to their reading.
The Senator from Oregon has read an extract
from some remarks that I made in the Senate
when the branch mint at Denver was established.
I believe it is true, as I stated then, that the pol-
icy of the Government had been to establish these
branch mints; and in the report that I then made
to the Senate on the subject, 1 was influenced in
my judgment by that policy,.and by the advice
which i received from quarters upon which 1 felt
I had a,right to rely. But now a different ques-
tion is presented to us by distinguished authority,
