1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2927
gether with dams, locks, and slack-water navigation, and
in the management and keeping the same in repair; and
the same shall be paid to the said canal company out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated.not
exceeding in amount, however, the balance charged against
the State of Wisconsin upon the sales of said canal lands,
as above, required, after deducting the sum.allowed said
Stale for money paid by her out ol the same fund. The
same to he received bysatd canal company tn full payment
and satisfaction of all claims of said company against the
State of Wisconsin and of Hie United States on account of
said canal land giant, or on account of any action of the
Teriitoiy or Stale of Wisconsin, or of the United States,
in relation thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further lesolved, That the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office be, and he is hereby, ap-
pointed commissioner to adjust the accounts herein pro-
vided for, under the supei vision ot the Secretary of the in-
terior, and to deteimine what sum shall be chargcd to said -
State of Wisconsin for the lands granted for the construc-
tion ol said canal; and what sums shall be credited respect-
ively to said State and said company tor the moneys ex-
pended by them m the construction of said locks and canal
as herein provided.
Mr. HENDR.ICKS. There is no Senator that
questions the right of the State of Wisconsin to
her five percent, fund, because that is secured
to her under the law admitting her into the Union,
and the main question is whether the equities of
the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company
ought to be adjusted at the same time. The Sen-
ator from Iowa has proposed an amendment to
strikeout that portion of this resolution which
adjusts the claim of the canal company. The
committee were unanimously of the opinion that
that provision of the resolution ought to be in-
serted. There was no difference of opinion in
the committee, after a very careful investigation
of the whole subject. The judiciary committee
of the Senate of the State of Wisconsin also, in a
very elaborate and able report, recognized the
equities to the same extent that the Committee
on Claims of this body have in this joint resolu-
tion. A committee of the House of Representa-
tives of the Congress of the United States as far
back as 1842 recognized precisely the same equity.
But the question is asked why this equity of
the canal company should be ad justed at the same
time that we provide for the pay merit to the State
of Wisconsin of her five per cent. fund. I will
answer that in very few words. The reason is
found in this, that Congress by the act admitting
the State of Wisconsin into the Union united
these two funds, united these twogrants, the one
of 1838 and the other of 1848. By the act of
1838 the grant of land was made to the Territory
of Wisconsin, not for her benefit, but for the
benefit of the canal company, and for the pur-
pose of paying off the subscriptions of stock. By
the act of 1848, at the request of the constitutional
convention of Wisconsin, Congress agreed that
the five per cent, fund should be used to support
schools instead of making roads, upon the con-
dition that the liabilities incurred by the terri-
torial government of Wisconsin under the act
granting land to Wisconsin for the purpose of
aiding in opening a canal between Milwaukee and
Rock riv^r should be paid and discharged by the
State of Wisconsin. It was a condition of the
law itself that the State of Wisconsin before she
received her five per cent, fund should adjust
this claim. Now, what was the claim ? Tlmtis
established by the resolutions of the Territory of
Wisconsin passed in 1846. Those resolutions
provided that—
" The faith of the Territoiy and future State of Wiscon-
sin is heieby pledged to rep.iy to the said canal hind the
sum which shall be diverted m puisuance of the above
resolutions to the purposes aloiesaid, whenever the same
shall be lequired to be repaid, for the purpose of executing
the tru«t cieated by Congress in making the 1 canal giant
and all laws contiavemng these are hereby repealed."
The Territory of Wisconsin herself in 1846 lec-
ogntzed the tiust, that is, that the Territory held
these lands in trust for the canal company, and
the very resolutions which diverted the fund from
the making of the canal to the ordinary expenses
of the Territory provided that the State of Wis-
consin and the Territory of Wisconsin should be
bound to see that fund made whole again; and
when Congress provided for the payment to the
State of Wisconsin of her five per cent, fund, they
made it a condition upon her receiving that five
per cent, fund that she should adjust this very
obligation which grew out of her breach of the
trust m diverting the fund originally.
i do not design to occupy the attention of the
Senate longer. The reason that we must adjust
both together is, that Congress united them to-
gether by this condition of the law which gave to
Wisconsin the five per cent. fund. It has been
very fully discussed, and I simply repeat that the
committee were unanimously of opinion that jus-
tice would not be done unless we carried out this
condition of the law of 1848.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator who has
just taken hjs seat draws an incorrect inference
in this: he proceeds as if this donation had been
made by Congress to this company as a gratuity,
and the Territory of Wisconsin was acting merel y
as a trustee, and holding the property until the
company could take possession. This was not
the character of the grant. It was not and was
notintended to be a gratuity to that company, but
was placed in the possession of the Territory of
Wisconsin to be used by her as stock; every dol-
lar derived from the proceeds of the sales of that
land was to inure to the benefit of Wisconsin, and
not to the company. What obligation, then, is the
Governmentof the United States under to pay the
company the proceeds of the sales of this land?
'If it had been a gratuity to the company, some-
thing given to them for which no consideration
had been returned, the donor would have a right
to conclude the grant at any time. Property re-
ceived without a consideration, of course can be
withheld at any time before the possession shall
have been taken by the grantee. But then this
property was not given to, nor was it intended to
be given to, "the company. It was provided that
they might use the proceeds of the sales of the
land in the construction of the canal; but after
they had been thus applied, the value of the
money thus invested was to inure to the Terri-
tory or the State of Wisconsin; and hence the
whole argument of the Senator, as it seems to me,
falls. All of the grants of land for woiks of in-
ternal improvement, made by Congress to any of
the States or Territories, may be said to be grants
to the States or Territories, in trust, for the spe-
cific puipose named in the grant. The railroad
grants are all of this nature. They are given to
the State to enable the State to construct a work
of internal improvement supposed to be advanta-
geous to the people of the State, and of course to
the country at large.
I will suppose that the State of Iowa, after hav-
ing applied a proportion of a grant made to aid
in the construction of a railroad, concludes to sus-
pend the work and refuses to apply any more of
the land for the construction of the railroad,
would it follow that the company intrusted by
the State with the execution of the work would
have a right to recover either from the State or
from the Federal Government ail the money that
it might have invested in such work? If so, we
are involving the Government every day in im-
mense liabilities. I apprehend that none of these
grants would be passed by Congress if it was
supposed that Congress was involving itself in
the necessity of paying the companies that may
be employed by the States to apply the lands all
the losses that they may hereafter sustain in the
prosecution of the works. We have made an
immense giant of land to aid in the construction
of the Pacific railroad; it is provided in the bill
making this grant that the company shall raise
money and apply it in the construction of the
work. Will it follow if at any time a State or
Territory through which that road may pass
shall for any cause ask Congiess to suspend the
further application of land, and Congress forgood
reasons shall agree to do so, that Congress will
be under the necessity of refunding to the com-
pany constructing that railroad every dollar they
have paid in r It seems to me that such a propo-
sition is so very extravagant that it ought not to
receive much support m this body; and yet this
is the character of the claim setup by this com-
pany, that they commenced the construction of
a canal, that Congress proposed to aid them ill
the construction by placing lands in the hands of
Wisconsin to be sold, the proceeds of which were
to be applied as stock to aid in the construction
of the work, and for reasons satisfactory to Wis-
consin the further application of land for this
purpose was stopped, and then the company asks
the State and afterwards the United States to re-
fund to them the money they had put in.
If this application wete made as a single prop-
osition,! do not believe it would receive ten votes
in this body. If this company should apply here
to be reimbursed for all the money it has invested
in this work, as a naked proposition, I do not
think it would receive ten votes in this body. It
would be a proposition ^o very extraordinary
that I cannot conceive that any Senator would
give it his support. It is sought to be carried,
however, by coupling it with another measure
which is just in itself, and they do not propose
even to disgorge what they now hold. The
amendment of the committee provides that we
shall pay them all the money they have paid in,
and leave them in the possession of that water
power in Milwaukee which was constructed out
of the join^proceeds of the sales of the lands and
the investments of the company. If this measure
is to be carried, it certainly ought to be amended
so as to compel the company to turn over to the
State the proceeds of this money, that part of the
work which has been constructed and is still in
their hands, and out of which they are deriving
rents from year to year. But the amendment of
the committee does not even propose this. It
proposes that we shall leturn to them every dollar
they have expended outof their funds,andallow
them to hold on to the proceeds of all the money
which we invested and which they invested. I
agree with the Senator from Wisconsin thatsuch
a proposition ought not to require discussion in
this body, and it would not if it stood alone. If
the company were standing here at the bar of the
Senate asking the Congress of the United States
to return to them the money they invested in this
work, as a naked proposition, 1 do not believe it
would receive half a dozen votes. It is because
that demand is coupled with a demand which is
in itself just that they will perhaps receive some
votes in this body. If the amendment I propose
should be adopted it will merely leave them to
settle with the Stateof Wisconsin. If they have
any claims on the State—for myself I do not think
they have—they can settle them with the State
as other corporations within the limits of the
States settle with the States. With these remarks
I leave the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have but a few words
to say in reply to the Senator from Iowa,and then
I presume thisquestion may as well be voted upon.
The Senator repeats what he said the other day,
that if there is a claim by the canal company in
this case, then in the case of any diversion of the
funds under any grant made by Congress, there
would be a claim m favor of the particular com-
pany. The Senatoris unable to find a grant like
that of 1838 made by Congress at any time. The
act of 1838, making the grant of land to the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin for the benefit of this com-
pany, provided:
" That whenever the Territory of Wisconsin shall ho ad-
mitted into the Union as a State, the lamia hereby gianted
for the construction ot said canal, or such part thereof as
may not have been already sold and applied to that object,
under the direction of the territorial government, shall
vest in the State of Wisconsin, to he disposed of under
such regulations as the Legislatuie thcieof may provide,
the proceeds of sale to be applied to the constiuction of
the said canal, or of such pau thereof as may nothave been
completed; and the State ot Wisconsin>hall be entitled to
hold, by virtue of the grant hereby made, a? many shares
of the stock of the. said canal as shall be equivalent to the
aggregate of all the sums of money arising from the net
pioceeds ol the sales of the said land and applied to the
construction of the canal, anything in the charter of the
Milwaukee and Rock Kiver Canal Company to the contrary
notwithstanding, and shall be entitled to the same divi-
dend* on said stock as any other stockholder; and in the
event that the said State shall make no other adequate
piovision for purchasing out the residue of the stock of the
said canal, the dividendof the State stock heieby acquired,
and all other proceeds of the sales of the land* hereby
granted, Miall constitute a fund to be applied to the extin-
guishment ol the claims of all other stockholders until the
entire stock vested in the canal shall have been acquired
by the State."
So that the dividends upon the State stock and
all other proceeds of the sales of these lands were
dedicated by the grant itself to the extinguish-
ment of the subscriptions made by individuals.
Mr. HARLA.N. On that point I desire to be
understood and to understand the Senator. Does
he consider that that was a beneficial provision
to the company; a clause put in the grant which
compelled the company to sell its stock to the
State if the State chose to buy it? In that par-
ticular it is different from other grants, and only
m that. Usually the companiesare notcompell^d
to sell their stock to the States; but in this case
the grant has a clause which limns the benefit to
the company in this, that they shall sell all the
stock to the State at the naked cost of the Work
if the State should choose to buy it; but that is the
i only difference.*
