1952
THE UON"(xitESSlO N"AL CrLOIiE.
April 29.
from distinguished quarters; and that is, as we
see our gold fields enlarging, whether we will
continue that policy of erecting a branch mint in
almost every State where it is celled for, or whether
we will adopt a different policy. As to the ques-
tion of expense, the mere expense of erecting a
building is not so great; but Senators must re-
flect that very considerable expense is necessarily
incurred in the operations of these branch mints;
and that is an annual expense. I confess myself,
with the rest of the committee, a convert to the
idea that we had better stop where we were in
relation to the matter. If the Senator is of a dif-
ferent opinion, I have no objection.
When this subject was last under considera-
tion I asked to have it go over, that I might say
something upon it,although, as the Senator from
Oregon intimates, I have said nothing new or
original. I made that request because I believed
the Senate had acted rather hastily and under the
influence of personal appeals from the Senator
from Oregon in adopting the amendment, and I
wished before the vote on concurring in the amend-
ment was taken, as it was my duty to do, to pre-
sent the question more distinctly to the Senate.
I did not suppose X could add anything to the
argument in relation to it. I did not have much
hope then, and I have not now, of defeating the
amendment. I should not have had much hope
of doing so even without (he addition of what my
friend from Pennsylvania calls the heavy artil-
lery of the Senator from Massachusetts that has
been brought to bear upon it. The result, I take
jt, would have been the same. Itseems that more
persons than myself can change their opinions on
questions, and within a very much shoiter time.
What the reasons may be for that change, whether
owing to personal appeals and to expected com-
pliments in return, I do not know, and it is not
for me to say.
As I said before, it is a matter of no conse-
quence to me, individually, whether this report
of the Comfhittee on Finance shall be adopted or
not. I am equally satisfied either way, except
that my judgment goes one way, and if the opin-
ion of the Senate is against it I shall regret it only
so far as thatl am not convinced. If they choose
to spend more money on branch mints, so be it;
I have done my duty.
But one word more; and that is what I prin-
cipally rose to say. It is very unjust in the Sen-
ator from Oregon or any other Senator to under-
take to say that I am not favorable to his individual
propositions. I am not aware that I have par-
ticularly opposed the propositions of the Senator
from Oregon. I do not stop to inquire who pro-
poses or who advocates a measure, who intro-
duced Jt or who is in favor of it or who is against
it. I act upon no such principle here in any case,
and no Senator can with truth charge me with it.
I am in something of an unfortunate position.
1 am obliged to examine a very great variety of
questions involving appropriations'of money.
That becomes my duty; and very frequently the
questions come up here, coming from other com-
mittees, involving appropriations of money, and
come up so suddenly that I have had no time to
examine them. Still it becomes my duty to get
that time if I can, and to inquire into them, and
if my judgment is against them to express that
opinion to the Senate. That is a responsibility
which I think rests upon me; and consequently
I come in collision very frequently with the fa-
vored projects of Senatois. That is a necessity
arising from the very circumstances in which I
find myself placed. I beg Senators to assure
themselves that I never examine a question or
give an opinion upon it having the slightest ref-
erence or being in the slightest degree aiiWted by
the Senator who happens to offer it or who hap-
pens to be interested in it. Certainly, if I were
disposed to exercise my judgment m that way,
the Senator fiom Oregon is one of the last Sena-
tois m thisbody I should select for any such oper-
ation, because our relations have always been per-
fectly fiiendiy, and I have recognized the propri-
ety of his action here, and the zeal and manliness
Wi-h winch he has suppoited th<- Government m
its pit.scnt stiugglc, and my feelings toward him
and towaid his colleague have always been most
kind.
.Now, therefore, 1 beg Senators to judge my
action by the action itself, and to ask themselves
whether, if 1 neglect the duty which 1 think is im-
posed upon me, 1 shall be acting conscientiously
as a Senator and right. That is all 1 have to say
in reference to the remarks of the Senator from
Oregon, disclaiming the imputation which he
seeks to place upon me, and saying, as I do most
firmly and most distinctly to Senators all aiound
me, that I shall continue in the course I have hith-
erto followed with reference to that matter, be-
cause such I conceive to he my duty, and I shall
do it at all hazards so long as I have a seat in this
body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that question I desire
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALE W. I desire to know whether
an amendment is now in order. If it is, I move
to strike out the first eight sections of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be taken on eoncuiring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, and
the Senator can offer his amendment aftei that
question has been disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
be again reported.
Mr. NESMITH. I will state to the Senator
from Michigan what it is substantially. The bill,
as reported by the Committee on Finance, pro-
vides for an assay otnee at Dalles City, Oregon,
and appropriates ^75,000 for that purpose. The
amendment which is now pending, and which is
nosv to be voted upon, piovidesfor tlie establish -
ment of a branch mint m Oregon, and makes an
appropriation of §,100,000, a diifciencc of $25,000.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the call for the
reporting of the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMEll. I understood from the
Senator from Pennsyhama, who hn-s just taken
his seat, that ho desired to make the amendment
which he has suggested because it had a bearing
on the question of tins wry amendment; that the
striking out of one section and putting in others,
as I understood, made some uifieient ariange-
ment about the mint ni Nevada.
Mr. NESM ITfl. ltdoesnot. Thenmthsec-
tion of the bill repot ted by the committee provides
for the establishment of an assay ollice at Dalles,
Oiegon. I move* to suike out th.U section, and
substitute for it the amendment which is now to
be voted on. The eighth section of the bill of the
committee is in these words:
Jltid bo it fulther enacted. Th it tlie aef approved Maich
3. 1363, entitled "An act to ot.ibh-h a biaueh imnr o( the
United States in the Temtory oi Nevada,'-' is heiebv re-
pealed with tiie exception oi'tlie eighth section thereoi.
That is the eighth section of the bill. My
amendment only applies to the ninth section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays lo; as follows:
VXAri—Me-^rs. Carhlp, Chandler, Conticss, Davis, Hale,
Harding, Henderson, Ilendupk-s, II< waid, Lane oi inch-
ana, Lane of Kan^i?., McDoiigall, Morgan, Nesmuh,
Pomeioy, Powell, Ramsey, Kiddle, Sprague,Sumner, Ten
Eyok, Wilkinson, an.] Wiilcv—xJ.'*.
NAYS—,\IeNsr&. Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Cnllamer,
Cowan, DooJutie, Fes^enden, Foot. Fo.-ter. Grime*, Howe,
Johnson, Moinii, Sherman, and Van Winkle—15.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now make the motion
that I indicated before, to strike out the fnsteight
sections of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am very glad that this
amendment has been moved by the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania. A bill was passed at the last Con-
gress giving a mint to Nevada. Territory. The
leasons why a mint was necessary there were
urged very strongly upon tlie last Congress, and
convinced the Comnutu e on Finance, and the bill
passed with the concuiience of that committee.
There is more silver being produced in the Ter-
ritory of Nevada now than in any like area in
the world, and also a very great amount of gold.
It is going now, with all the attendant expenses,
to England, for tlie purpose of being coined into
money. There no putt of the country where
a mint would be more \cduabie to the people and
more generally advantageous lo tlie countiy than
m Nevada Temtory.
Nevada, a few years since, was only populated
by Indians. It contains now a population tun-
ning up into the neighboihood of one hundred and
fifty thousand, all engaged in the production of
the precious metals, gold and silver. San Fran-
cisco is the nearest point where either can be
coined, and as is known to the Senate, the mint
of San Francisco is not equal to the transaction
of the business for California itself. The build-
ing used as a mint there was bought upon a spec-
ulative contract long years ago when gold was
first discovered, and is not adequate even to the
transaction of the home business; but if it were,
the shipping of the raw material from the Terri-
tory of Nevada to San Francisco is a charge that
the people of that Territory should not be com-
pelled to bear. The percentage of difference
would pay five times the expense of conducting
the mint. It is the business of the Government
to coin money and to reduce our gold and silver
into a foim that will be available. I think that
the coinage of the gold and silver brought out of
the mountains m Nevada Territory, and in Idaho,
and in Oregon, and in California is entitled to
quite as much consideration as the coinage up at
tne Treasury building. At some tune, in the
course of Piovidence, we hope tlnu it may mite
the place or the nominal values now fu.'ntshed by
the Go\eminent.
1 am clearly, fully convinced that ntlemen m
both branches of Congress do not appieciate the
importance of furnishing facilities for converting
the dust washed out of our streams and dug out
of our lulls into curiency in the immediate vicin-
ity. Gentlemen ask whv we are concerned about
tins, because it passes out fiom among us. It
does pass oat too much from among us, for the
reason that we cannot convert it into money that
can be exchanged, and therefore gold dust must
£o out to a mint, and generally at a charge of at
least three per cent.—it is frequently five per cent.
—which is a loss to those who produce the gold.
For tne puipose of exchange, for the purpose of
[laying indebtedness East, if it is needed here, it
will come here; but those who earn the "Wealth of
i he mountains by the sweat of their brows are en-
titled to have w hat they have earned as a residuum
that belongs to them. They live in Nevada Tt r-
ntory in the paiticular yistance. In other in-
stances they live in Idaho, they live in Oregon,
they live in California; and because they have to
send for manufactured articles and for merchan-
dise to tht; East it is no reason why they should
not in the residuum be perfectly protected: and a
five per cent, tax or a three per cent, tax on then-
labor is an injustice, and it is that much over and
above wh.-t the cost of coining would be.
The hi!; aa passed, upon full considemtion, in
favor of x^pvada, I behave should be maintained
a law. I see no objection, 1 have heard no reason
suggested why that great silver-producing coun-
try, the greatest m the world, where I think about
one hundred and fifty thousand of our men are
now at work bringing out silver and gold from
the mines, should not have the means of convert-
ing the product of their labor into coin, for it is
dug out and produced for that sole purpose. I
see no reason why they should be taxed, for it is
a tax of 1 think moie than five per cent, upon
them. I hope that the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The amendment is to strike out
the first eight sections of the bill.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. It is to leave the branch
mint in Nevada instead of an assay office.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The proposition is to
leave it as it was.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The object of the amend-
merit is to leave Nevada and Oregon upon pre-
cisely the same footing, on a perfect equality.
That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was oideied to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. NESM1TH, the title was
amended no as to read, "A bill to establish a
bianch of the mint of the United States at Dalles
City, in the State of Oiegon."
NATIONAL COiillENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask now that the un-
finished business of yesterday be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The spcciai
order which was informally hud aside will now
be proceeded with.
The Senate;as m Committee of the Whole, re-
