*908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
whether we are willing to confer with the other
House on that question, whether that question
shall be regarded as a question between the two
Houses as a matter of conferencc—not that we
instruct our committee to go for one cent taxation,
but we are willing rather than have the bill lost to
confer with the other House on that subject.
Mr. CARLILE. When the bill first came to
the Senate from the House of Representatives
this proposition to tax liquor on hand was in it.
The Senate struck it out. It was entirely com-
petent, then, for the first committee of conference
to-consider the question whether they would im-
pose a tax upon liquor on hand or not, and that
question was considered and the House of Rep-
resentatives receded from itsoiiginal proposition.
This question, therefore, which is proposed to be
again committed to a committee of conference, has
already been committed to one and considered,
and both Houses have agreed upon it. I see, then,
no necessity for again submitting the same ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWE! I am not going to detain the
Senate; but this strikes me as a very remarkable
controversy. When you wanted to increase your
revenue, you consented to the principle a year
or two ago that you would tax certain kinds of
products, manufactured articles, and you did not
exempt tlie article known as spirits or whisky.
I do not think you ought to have excepted it; but
you resolved that you would -tax it as you taxed
other manufactured articles, and you were guided
to that conclusion by the understanding that what-
ever duty you put upon the article could be col-
lected of the consumer by the producer. This
very session it seems to be the judgment of both
Houses of this Congress that you did not put so
large a duty upon that one commodity as you
ought to have put; that is to say, you did not levy
so heavy a duty on that as the consumer would
pay, and therefore as the producer could collect,
and you propose to raise that duty.
It happens that there is a quantity more or less
of that article on hand, and from the commence-
ment of this session down to this day the two
Houses have been wrangling upon the question
whether you shall attempt to collect the whole or a
part of that duty from that quantity of the commod-
ity which is now on hand. It strikes me as a curi-
ous struggle. It is said that that quantity, what-
ever there is on hand, has been laid up by specu-
lators; that they have obtained it in anticipation
of your putting on such a tax, and that the price
of the commodity in the market is going to be en-
hanced by your legislation, and you say that that
increase ought to go into theTreasury of the Uni-
ted States and not into the pockets of those men
who have bought the article.
Upon that point I have three things to say.
The first is that you do not know that this forty
cents, or this twenty cents, or this ten cents, what-
ever may be the amount, will be added to the value
of tho article in the hands of the holders. You do
not know that fact, for you do not know what the
holders paid for it. You know that since you
commenced to talk about this legislation, they
have bought for all prices, from fifty up to ninety-
eight cents a gallon; and when you say that
every man who holds a gallon or a band or a
thousand barrels shall pay a given sum on that,
you do not know that he will be able to sell it at
an advance which will remunerate him; you do
not know but that the producer can undersell
him, whatever may be the additional duty that
you put on.
On the other hand—and this is the second thing
I want to say—you know that a great deal of this
liquor cannot be sold by the holder at a lemune-
rative price if he is made to pay twenty cents or
ten cents additional tax. The man who bought
in January at ninety-eight cents a gallon, if you
make him pay ten cents tax, must sell at a sac-
rifice.
1 hove one more thing to say: if you mean to
establish the principle that the Legislature of the
United States shall hang over the trade of the
United States, and in the name of taxation col-
lect all the profits that are realized from that trade,
just adveitise the proposition atonce and go at it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I look upon it as con-
fiscation to the extent that it goes. So much of 1
the valu< of the property in the hands of loyal :
men is confiscated to tho use of the Government. 1
Mr. HOWE. Of course n is in effect eonfis- !
cation. That is the principle. You say that by
your legislation an additional value is given to a.
certain commodity, and you say the man who
happens to hold that commodity shall not realize
it, but the Treasury of the United States shall.
Sir, T was told yesterday that what you know as
" five-twenty" bonds are worth a premium ofsix
per cent. I do not know how the fact is. I was
told it is so. You have sold $500,000,000 of those
bonds in the last year at par. The holders of
those bonds by your legislation have realized
$30,000,000; they are worth that. Why do you
not go to work and levy six per cent, on the
holders of those bonds? You say you can get
$6,000,000, or $12,000,000 some say, by under-
taking to collect this duty from the holders of
whisky. You can get$30,000,000 if you will levy
that tax upon the holders of the bonds. And
there is another thing to be considered. You
know who has got the bonds; you can find them;
you do not know exactly where to look for the
whisky. You can get hold of all the bonds; you
will get hold of but a very small share of the
whisky; not all you will want.
I vote against the whole enterprise. I desire
to speak respectfully, but I do think we have con-
tended over this question a great deal longer than
becomes the Legislature of the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the Senate has
had enough of whisky to-day. I therefore move
that we do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Several Senators. Oh, no. Let us take this
vote.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin,
TMr. Doojlitti.e.]
The amendment was rejected; and the question
recurring on the resolution of Mr. Conness, it
was agreed to.
The Vice President was authorized to appoint
the third committee of conference on the part of
the Senate; and ho appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr.
Claiik, and Mr. Hendricks.
HOUSE BILL KEFEURED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's
Affairs was read twice by its title, and referred to
the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 2, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channino.
The Journal of yesterday was i ead and approved.
CIIAMPLAIN CANAL.
Mr. ORIS WOLD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following lesolution:
liesoived, That tho Committee on Lionels and Canals he
requested to inquire as to the importance and expediency
of enlacing the Champlaln ennui, in the Ftate of New
York, tor the parage of aimed and naval vos-ela from
the tidi'-watJTrf ot the llud. on iiverto Lake Champlain,
and that they icport by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I do not know, Mr.
Speaker, whether Congress will deem it advisa-
ble to take definite action on projects of this char-
acter at its present session. If they should, it
can, I think, be demonstrated that no one pos-
sesses ati onger claims to their consideration than
the one alluded to in this resolution, viewed in a
military or commercial Ii^ht.
The resolution was agreed to.
PROTECTION OF OVERLAND EMIGRANTS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table bill of the Senate No. 140, to pro-
vide for the piotcction of overland emigration to
the States and Territories of the Pacific, in order
that it may be acted on at once.
Mr. BROOKS. It seems to me that that bill
should go to some committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the amount that it
appropriates ?
The SPEAKER. Forty thousand dollars,
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. It is very import-
ant that the bill should be passed at once, and I
hope the gentleman from New York will not
object.
Mr. BROOKS. If western gentlemen have had
their attention drawn to this question and do not
object, I will not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the bill ought to he
considered in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to the bill
being brought before the House.
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I now ask unani-
mous consent of the House to consider and pass
the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire as to the
amount of appropriation made for this purposcat
last Congress.
Mr. HIGrBY. Mr. Speaker, there is a para-
mount object why this bill should be acted on
now, whether it take more or less time. Legis-
lation, I presume, is made to be suited to times
and circumstances. If any appropriation is to be
made in this case it should be made immediately,
as emigration will commence in the latter part of
this month, or in the eaily pait of next month.
As to the meiits of the bill I have nothing to say;
but I simply mention the fact that if there is to
be any such legislation it should be had now. It
will be unavailing if not acted on immediately.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that some gentleman
familiar with the subject will give information to
the House as to the manner in which this money
is to be expended.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. This bill proposes
to make an appropriation for the protection of
emigrant trains to the States and Ten itoi ies of the
Pacific. Itis to provide military escorts for those
emigrant trains crossing the plains. Itis import-
ant that action shall be had on it immediately.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to know how the
money is to be expended.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. It is to be expended
under direction of the Secretary of War by pro-
viding military escorts for the emigrant trams.
These trains have to pass through an Indian Coun-
try of six or eight hundred miles m extent. The
whole route is aiso infested with robbers and high-
waymen at the present time. A similar appro-
priation of $30,000 was made at each of the last
two sessions. Thts bill provides an additional
appropriation of $10,000 foranother route. The
emigrants are now getting ready to start, and it
is of the utmost importance that they be protected.
Mr. ASHLEY. Will thegentleman from Iowa
also state the factthatanumberofemigrants from
his own district have been murdered this sum-
mer ?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. That is so. No
less than seventeen men, with several women and
children, were murdered in one company coming
from the gold mines of Idaho to the States. Un-
less protection is afforded,hundreds of emigrants
will probably be murdered on these routes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I undei stand that there are
two regiments stationed in Utah. Cannot they
be used for the purpose of furnishing, to some
extent, this protection ? These troops were not,
I believe, stationed there last year, but have been
sent there within the last twelve months.
Mr.HUBBARD, of Iowa. These troops may
be used to some extent, but there is a region of be-
tween six and eight hundrrd miles, between the
Missouii river and Utah, on which emigrants
must be protected, and also on the route to Idaho.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the con-
sideration of the bill at this time?
There was no objection.
Mr. BOYD. I would inform the gentleman
from Iowa that thcie is now a billon this subject
pending befoie the Committee on Military Af-
fairs; and the committee will soon be prepared to
report.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. This is a copy of
that hill. 1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
