1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
Mr. HARDING- asked and obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Grider, called
home on account of sickness in his family.
MISSOURI POLITICS.
Mr. McCLURG. I rise for the purpose of
asking unanimous consent to address the House
for one hour. I merely wish to reply to the per-
sonal attacks made in the speeches of my col-
league from the sixth district [Mr. King] and my
colleague from the first district, [Mr. Blair.] I
have been unable from the press of business to
get the floor at an earlier day. I hope consent will
be granted.
Mr. J. G. ALLEN and others objected.
PERCENTAGE ON COMMUTATIONS.
Mr. COFFROTH, by unanimous consent, of-
fered a resolution, which was read, considered,
and agreed to, requiring the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to inquire into the expediency of pre-
senting a bill, establishing a percentage on the
amount of salaries to be paid to the collectors in
the different congressional districts, for receivng
commutation money under the last draft or any
other draft that may hereafter occur.
INTERNAL DUTIES.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to.the Committee 011 Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the tabular state-
ment of moneys received from internal duties, as required
by tlietlnrty-third section of the one hundred and nine-
teenth chapter of the statutes of 1862, be printed for the use
of the Treasury Department.
CRIMES AGAINST TUB UNITED STATES.
Mr. DUMONT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to inquire whether there is any statute puntehin" larceny
upon the property of the United States by any Federal court,
when the crime is not committed on the high seas nor at
places over which the United States has exclusive juris-
diction; and that they also inquire whether there is any
statute whereby a person murdering a marshal 01 other
oftiecr of the United ritates in the discharge of his duty is
punishable by judgmentofa United States court, unless the
killing in at a place over which the United States has ex-
clusive jurisdiction; and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
political prisoners.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested, and that the Secretary of State and
the Secretary of War be directed, to report and furnish to
this House the named of all persons, ir any iheie are, ar-
rested and heldin prison or confinement in anv puson, I'nit,
or other place whatsoever, for political offenses or any other
alleged offense against the Government or authouty of the
United States, by the ordoi, command, consent, oi-'knowl-
edge ot them 01 either of them lespectivelv, and who have
nut been chained, fried, or convicted before anv civil or
Ciimmal (not militaty) couit of the land, together Willi Hie
chaisfp against such person 01 cause lui 'mehane^tandim-
prisonmenf, if there be any, and the name of tin- prison,
foil, or place where they aie severally kept or confined.
Al--n, whether any pei^on or por^ons for any alleged like
oll'eiee have been banished 01 sentfiom the United tftaip*,
01 from the States not in rebellion to the lehclhous States
and the name', times, alleged offen&eorcause thereof, and'
whether with or without tiial, and if tried, befote what
COU! t.
Mi. GRIN^ELL. I object.
overland mail.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, presented joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of California on the overland
mail; which were referred to the Committee 011
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed. |
development of -mixer\l resources. j
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee Oil Public Lands, reported bark Hon^p
bill No. 140, to provide for the development of the
mineral resources of the United States, and of the
public domain; which was ordered to be printed j
and recommitted to the same committee. ' ]
INTERNATIONAL STATISTICAL CONGRESS.
Mr. STEBBINS. lask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
transmit to this House, itnot incompatible with the public
interest, a copy of the report and accompanying documents
made to the State Department by Mr. Samuel B. Euggles,
in December last, of the proceedings in the International
Statistical Congress at Berlin on the subjeet of uniform
weights, measures, and coins.
Mr. STEVENS. My impression is that that
has been done already.
Mr. STEBBINS. I think the resolution which
was passed related to another subject.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
adopted.
CONSTANCE READ.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill explanatory of the act authorizing
the payment of prize money, due to Commander
Abner Read, to his widow, Constance Read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object,
SUSPENSION OP TAXES.
Mr. KING. I ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution. I would like to
have it adopted to-day; but if there be objection
\ will move that it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means:
Resolved by the Ilouse of Rejrrptentatives, (the Senate con-
curring therein,) That the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
suspend the collecting of taxes for internal revenue fiomthe
loyal Union citizens and suffeieis in the counties of Jack-
son, Ca*i, Bates, and Vernon, in the State of Missouri, by
iea^on of a military order forcing these citizens to abandon
their homes, their property, and all their material interests,
by which they are &o i educed in means as to render most
oppiessive, it not impossible, ior them to pay said taxes at
piesaeiit; and that said f-u^pctision be oideied for such time
and under such regulations as may he prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 do not object if it be referred.
Mr. HARDING. I object, unless I am per-
mitted to move an amendment to include Ken-
lucky.
Mr. KING. I move that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. KING. X will accept the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
national currency.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into tin1 expediency of repealing an
act entitled "An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States stocks, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof,*'approved February 25,
]86.'i, and to rely upon the legal-tendei notes issued by the
United States lor the cuirency ot the country until the spe-
cie basis &hall be restored.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
construction of forts.
Mr. MOORHE AD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the folio wing* resolution; which was read,
considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That tiie Committee of Claims be instructed
to inquae into the expediency of repenting a bill providing
fot the payment of laboi performed and materials u ed in
the contti notion of loi t*. toi tifieation^, lifle-pus, and other
defenses which were eonstiuet* d by the ditection of the
War i)< paitment and under the superintendence of the en-
gineers and othei oihceij- o( said Department; al&o, for the
payment of damages to l;md ur-ed and tor crops destroyed
by such erections and constiuciiont,
bounties to fishing vessels.
Mr. ELIOT asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stutc^of shnniccz in Congress assembled, That
tiie allowance ot bounty to ceuain \e--eh employed in the
Bank and othei cod-il^iiene-s. a> provided for in the act of ■
July 09. 1813. entitled (,An a'et lawns a duty on hnp<ut"d i
sait, granting a bountyon pickled ii.-h expaited, and allow- ;
anees to ceitatn \ e.^eL-> employed in the tisheues," and the H
act of Match 0, J319, ainendaroiy theieo'. t^nall not here- i
after he paid to anv mk-Ii ves.-ei until ^a i<iacton proof ,
shall lm\e been un nulled to tueeoilectoi oi customs charged '
with the payment oi -ueh bounty that tie' impost duiv nn- ;
p.)>ed h\ lawon l-a< U'u^ah impoited into the t'uMed States !
lias been duly paid on ali loieni. i-alt u^ed in eui tn*r the hsii i
on which the claim to the allowance of bounty is based. f
Mr. COX. If the gentleman wii! allow me to !
amend so as to put a bounty on cat-ash and suck- j
ers I will not object. i
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will excuse me. j
Mr. COX. Then I object to the intioduction ■
of the resolution. Western Interests are not con-
sulted at all.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; whicb
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in Ms mrfii-
jon not inconsistent with the public interest, to communi-
cate to this House all the diplomatic correspondence od the
present state of Mexico since that published by the Thirty-
Seventh Congress. Alsoall the dispatches of Hon. E. A.
Turpin, m inister to Venezuela, relating to the'ebangein that
republic from a constitutional form ot government to the
government of General Paez. Alsoallthe correspondence
between the Secretary and Henry T. Blow and E. D. Qui-
ver, the one late and the other present United States min-
ister to Venezuela.
PRESQUE ISLE DISTRICT.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to change the name ofthe district
and port of Presque Isle to the district and port
of Erie; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
POST ROUTES IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a concurrent resolution of the Legislature
of Kansas, asking for a post route from Atchison
to Topeka, in the State of Kansas; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. .
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legislature
ofKansas, asking Congress to declare a post route
from Rising Sun via Osawkie and Grasshopper
Palls,in theStateof Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
CAVALRY ARMS FOR KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, also
presented" a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, asking Congress for two thousand
stand of cavalry arms to be turned over to the
Governor of Kansas; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
INDIANS IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER, by unanimous consent, also
presented a concurrent resolution ofthe Legisla-
ture of Kansas, petitioning Congress to puss a
law for the removal of Indians from the State of
Kansas; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
freedmen's affairs.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 call for the regular order of
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to reconsider and lay upon the
table the vote taken yesterday, by which the bill
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs was
passed.
Mr. COX. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ELIOT, i withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. COX. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Ohio vote with the majority?
Mr. COX. 1 did not.
The SPEAKER- Then the gentleman cannot
renew the motion.
Mr. MALLORY. Cannot the gentleman re-
new it by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. He can.
Mr. COX. i ask unanimous consent to renew
the motion.
Mr. ELIOT. I object; and call for the regular
ordei of business.
court of claims.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order is
the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 66) concern-
ing the jurisdiction of the Coui t of Claims, which
was leferred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
repotted back January 12, 18G4, with an amend-
ment; amend men tagieed to, oi do red to be printed,
and the further consideration postponed to Thurs-
day, January 21.
The bill, which was read, provides that the ju-
lisdiction of the Court of Claims shall not ex-
tend to or include any claim against the United
States giowing out of the destruction or appro-
priation of or damage to property by the Army
or Navy, or any pait of the Aimy or Navy, en-
gaged in the suppression of the rebellion, from
the commencement to the elo^e thereof.
