910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. WILSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on that bill.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope fche gentleman will
allow.me to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Maryland that the bill reported
by him was postponed until the same day to which
this bill was postponed,
Mr. "WILSON. I will hear what the gentle-
man from Maryland has to say.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 do not know what motion
the gentleman from Iowa has submitted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has demanded the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call for the previous question and
allow me to move as an amendment to the pending
bill that which I now hold in my hand, and which
has been printed for the information of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Speaker. Was not the bill to which the gen-
tleman from Maryland refers reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary on the same day on
which this bill wasreporteu?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will state to the gen-
tleman from Maryland that the bill which he
proposes to offer as an amendment to this bill will
be.the next report in order.
Mr. THOMAS. I will explain my object, if
the gentleman will allow me a moment. As is
very well understood by the House, the bill be-
fore us is one of vital importance to all the border
States. The judges of the Court of Claims have
signified, I believe, in an informal manner, that
under the existing law they will take jurisdiction
of claims of two several characters. One of these
is a class of claims which I presume the House
would not hesitate a moment to pay if the subject
were brought fairly under their consideration.
The class ofjClaimsto which I refer comprehends
all cases where officers of the Army have taken and
applied to the uses of the Army the property of
persons, but have given them no certificates such
as the forms and modes of proceeding of the War
Department require, and that will enable them to
obtain pay.
The Court of Claims have signified that they
will entertain jurisdiction inall that class of claims
which grow out of the occupation of the border
States by our armies, of the plundering and the
unauthorized depredations sometimes committed
by our soldiers, and the appropriation sometimes
to the uses of the Army of the property of the
people of the border States,
Now, I do not think that when the House come
to understand this subject they will agree to de-
prive the Court of Claims of all jurisdiction in
both the classes of cases to which I refer without
substituting for it some other tribunal, some other
mode of redress to which the people may resort.
I propose, therefore, if the gentleman will with-
draw his demand for the previous question, to
submit, the two amendments which I hold in my
hand to the bill now under consideration, so that
when wc take from the Court of Claims the juris-
diction in these cases, we may substitute for that
jurisdiction some other tribunal.
One of my amendments—and they are so framed
as to enable the House to act separately upon each
of them—proposes to au thorize the Quartermaster
General, or the Commissary General of Subsist-
ence to take testimony in each several case of
claim, and if satisfied that the property has been
applied to the uses of the Government, to pass
that claim over to the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury and direct it to be adjusted and settled. 1
will send my amendments to theClerk'sdesk and
have them read, and then, perhaps, what I have
to say will be butter understood.
Mr. WILSON. I do not yield for the purpose
of having the amendments offered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
for the purpose of having them read?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly. I have no objec-
tion to having them read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Maryland that the bill proposed
by him as an amendment will come up next in
order after this bill.
Mr. THOMAS. If the Chair will allow me to
respond to that kind admonition I will say that
I am unwilling to vote to deprive the Court of
Claims of jurisdiction in these cases without sub-
stituting some other tribunal to decide upon these
claims.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That alJ claims for
quartermaster's stores actually furnished to the Army of
the United States may bo submitted to the Quartermaster
General of the United States, accompanied with such proofs
as each claimant can present of the facts in Ins case; and
it shall be the duty of the Quartermaster General to cause
such claim to be examined, and if convinced that it is just,
and that the stores have been actually received or taken
lor the use of said Army, then to report each case to the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, with a recommendation for
settlement.
Sec.3. Andbe it further enacted, Thatallclaimsforsub-
sistence actually furnished to said Army may be submitted
to the Commissary General of Subsistence, accompanied
with such proof as each claimant may have toofFer; and it
shall be the duty of the Commissary General of Subsistence
to cause each claim to be examined, and if convinced that
it is just, and that the subsistence has been received or
taken actually for the use of said Army, then to report each
case for payment to the Third Auditor of the Treasury with
a recommendation for settlement. And the action of the
Quartermaster General, and of the Commissary General of
Subsistence, as the case may be, and of the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, shall be final and conclusive upon
such claims, which may be paid either by special requisi-
tion and warrant, or by a disbursing officer of the quarter-
master and subsistence departments, as the case may be,
or as may in each case be most proper or convonipnt; and
the officers paying shall be relieved from all liability for, or
on account of, the properly so paid for.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, one commissioner
and one solicitor of claims for the district composed of the
States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and the District of Co-
lumbia ; one commissioner and one solicitor for the district
composed of the States of West Virginia, Ohio, and Indi-
ana; one commissioner and one solicitor for the district
composed of the States ot Tennessee, Kentucky, and Illi-
nois; and one commissioner and one solicitor for the dis-
trict composed of the States ot Missouri and Kansas, who
shall severally hold their respective offices during the pleas-
ure of the President, and be entitled for their services to a
salary of $ each per annum, to be paid quarterly, and
such other sums as shall actually be expended or incurred
by them for traveling expenses in the discharge of their
duties under this act, and certified as reasonable by the
Secretary of War or First Comptroller of the Treasury.
Sec. 5. Jindbc it further cnacted, That each of said com-
missioners shall appoint a clerk and marshal lor his district,
who shall hold their offices during the pleasure of said com-
missioners, and perforin such duties as may be required of
them under this act. The clerk shall receive a salary of
$ , and the maishal a salary of {$ , to be paid qtiar-
teily,ancl, in addition, the amounts they shall actually ex-
pend foi tiaveling expenses in discharging theii duties under
this act, and which shall be certified as reasonable by the
Secretary of War or the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
And said commissioners, solicitois, clerks, and maishals
shall each take and subscribe an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United Stares, and faithfully discharge the
duties of their respective offices, and shall, in addition, take
and subsenbe the oath of allegiance roquued by the act of
Congress passed August 6,1861; which oaths shall be filed
in the War Department.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said commission-
ers shall severally have cognizance of all claims against the
United States arising in their respective districts, and which
shall be piescnted to them by any person who, during the
present lebelhon, has sustained, or muy sustain, damages
by injury to or destruction of any pi opeity which has been
or may he injured or destroyed by the use or occupation of
our Army, or of any division or poition thereof: Provided,
howcvei, That all claims embraced in the provisions of this
act not presented for adjustment and allowance within
three years atter the close of the present civil war or the
suppiession of the rebellion shall be foiever barred.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnacted, That the claimant or
claimants who may present his claim under tins act shall
in eveiy ca,-e makeoutanaccountagainstthe United States,
containing the items of such damages ami lo.sses, together
with a statement of the encumstance* attending the same,
and names of the officers who commanded the troops by
whom the damages or losses were occasioned, the time
when, as near as may be, and place where, such losses and
damages were sustained, which account shall be verified
by the oath of the claimant to the etlcct that the aceount
piesented by him or her to said commissioner for adjudi-
cation is accurately stated; and that the prices charged are
reasonable; and that the amount claimed is justly due after
allowing all just credits and set-offs; that neither the whole
or any pan of said claim has been assigned or transferred,
except as therein stated; and that lu\fhe, ortliey have act-
ually sustained the damages charged m said account as
having been done to his, her, or their property by the troops
of the United States, over and above the value of the por-
tions of said property which remained alter its injuiy or de-
struction ; that the same damage or destruction has not
been done by reason of any iraud, connivance, collusion,
or procuiement of the said claimant,or any other peison or
persons m his, her, or their behalf; and that no payment
has been received by the claimant, or any person lor him,
for any part of said claim cxcept a%> stated in said account;
and that he has not given any receiptor voucher except as
stated m said account, by wmeh any ofiieei of the United
States or otlver person has received or can leceive, as claim-
ant believes, a ciedit theieforfiomthe United States. Said
claimant or claimants shall also exhibit and prove to said
commissioner, hib, hei, or their title to the pioperty, and
the extent of their «hare or interest therein; and also fur-
nish them with the names of all other peisons, if there be
any, who have any share or interest in said pioperty, and
their residence, as lar as may be. Before presenting said
claims to said commissioner the pauy or parties making the
same shall publish in such public newspaper as shall be
designated by the commissioner, published in or near the
county in which he, she. or they reside, once m each week
forfour consecutive weeks, a noticeeontaining a statement
of the particulars and grounds of said claim, the locality of
the property injured or destroyed; and that the same will
be presented to the commissions of claims under this act
for adjudication, which notice shall state under whose au-
thority, or under what cireumstanocs, the property for
which a claim is made was damaged, lost, or destroyed.
Due proof of said publication shall accompany any account
or claim presented to said commissioner under this aet.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnacted, That said solicitorof
claims shall represent the Government of the United States,
and attend the examination of parties and witnesses in re-
lation to any claim which may be pending before said com-
missioner of their respective districts, prepare interrogato-
ries and cross-interrogatories, and superintend the taking
of testimony, and render such other services as may be re-
quired of him from time to time by said commissioner.
Sec. 9. And be U further enacted, That any person who
shall corruptly practice, or attempt to practice, any fraud
against the United States in the statement or proof of any
claim, or any part of any claim, against the United States
under this act, shall forfeit the same to the Government;
and it shall be the duty of said commissioner, in such cases,
to make a special report of the facts and fraud which was
practiced, or attempted to be practiced, to the Secretary of
War; and in case he shall approve and concur in said re-
port, the claimant shall be forever barred from prosecuting
said claim.
Sec. 10. And be it Jurther enacted, That each commis-
sioner shall have power to issue subpenas to require the
attendance of witnesses for examination before said com-
missioners, which subpenas shall have the same force as
if issued by a district court of the United States, and com-
pliance therewith may be compelled under such rules and
orders as said commissioner shall prescribe, and, for the
purpose of compelling the attendance of such witnesses,
and taking their testimony, said commissioner shall have
all the power of said district court.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That each commis-
sioner shall adopt such rules and regulations for carrying
this act into execution as the President of the United States
shall approve, and publish the same for eight weeks suc-
cessively in thenewspapersintheseveralStatesandTern-
tories in which the laws of the United States are published.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That each commis-
sioner shall have power to hold their sessions at such times
and places, in their respective districts, as they shall deem
proper and conducive to the public interest and convenience
of claimants. They may also, in their discretion, make a
personal examination of any farm, boat, plantation, build-
ing, or propeityin relation to which any claim for tosses or
damages shall have been presented. They shall alr-o have
power to examine on oath any claimant, and all other per-
sons, in relation to said claim, who have any knowledge
thereof; and shall cause the testimony so taken to be le-
duced to writing and signed by the person taking the same;
and shall return said testimony, with their proceedings and
tiieir several opinions in writing in relation to said claims,
respectively, to the Secietaiyof War; and it shall be his
duty to lay the same before the Congress of the United
States at the commencement of the session next succeed-
ing said return, to the end 1 hat such provision may be made
for the relief of the claimants as shall be deemed just and
proper.
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, That said commis-
sioners shall not take cognizance of any claim against the
United States for any person who has in any manner fa
vored or supported a secession ordinance in any State, or
has engaged, or shall at any time engage, in the present
rebellion against the Government of the United States, or
given aid and comfort to those engaged in said rebellion.
And it shall be the duty of each of said commissioners to
inquire into and take testimony as to the loyalty of every
person who has sustained loss or damage to his or her prop-
erty during the present rebellion, and who may present their
claims under this act; and also as to whether the said per-
sons in any manner favored or supported a secession ordi-
nance in any State, or in any manner supported or favored
rebellion against, or lesistance to, the laws of the United
States. And no person who has engaged, or shall nt any
time engage, in the present rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, or been at any time hostile to
such Government, or given aid and comfort to those engaged
in said rebellion, shall dciive any benefit under this act.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I cannot give
way for the gentleman from Maryland to offer
the two bills that have been read as amendments.
In the first place the committee authorized me to
report the first bill that has been read as an amend-
ment, (sections two and three.) That bill is the
next pending report, and will come up in regular
order for consideration. The other bill has not
been before the Judiciary Committee. Itemanates
from some other quarter, and treats of matters
entirely foreign to the subject-matter. I cannot
consent to have the report loaded down with a
proposition of this kind.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish the House to under-
stand something about these claims, in order that
we may protect the Government and Treasury
against these enormous claims. I ask the Clerk
to read the following letter from the Solicitor of
the War Department, addressed to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
The Clerk read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, January 15, 1864.
Sir: Your letter of the 13fh instant has been received,
in which you have requested rne to {k state, if consis e«t
