THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
not my own—ill-digested as they might be if they
were—but they come from the Committee on the
Judiciary. They have been sanctioned by the
entire committee. The other is nothing more than
a report from the Committee of Claims, which a
majority of that committee reported at the last
session of Congress, and which received within
a few votes of a majority of this House, having
previously passed the Senate. As to the bill sanc-
tioned by the Committee on the Judiciary I am
glad to learn that it is the purpose of the chairman
of the committee to adhere to the position taken
in the committee, and vote for the bill when it
comes up.
Now one single word in regard to that bill. If
it were true that there was such a critical condi-
tion in the financial affairs of the Government as
made it doubtful whether the Government could
pay all these claims in full and still meet all the
other claims pressing upon the Treasury, would
it be unbecoming the Representatives of the bor-
der States to ask the Representatives of the
States more remote from the theater of war to
forego to a reasonable extent the receipt from the
Treasury of the United States the claims of their
constituents, in order that our constituents might
reccive part payment of theirs? If it be true that
the Governmentof the United States is too much
burdened in meeting the current expenses of the
war to meet all these claims for forage, quarter-
master and commissary stores which have been
swept from the border States, would it be un-
brotherly in us to invite gentlemen from other
sections to forego in part their claims for cotton
and woolen goods, arms, ammunition,and other
Army supplies furnished by them, living faraway
from this stoim of war, in order that we who have
felt its heavy hand severely may partially reccive
our claims ?
Rut is that true? May we not assume that the
Secretary of War understands fully as well as the
Solicitor of the War Department the ability of the
Government to meet its engagements? And in the
report of the Secretary of War made at the be-
ginning of the present session he has particu-
larly called the attention of Congress to the rea-
sonableness and perfect justice of these claims,
and he has frequently recommended legislation
with a view to their prompt payment. I will set
the information of the Secretary of War and his
recommendations in the scale against those of the
Solicitor of the War Department, and the opin-
ion of the Quartermaster General against this
clamorous outcry which is brought into this dis-
cussion. I repeat that we do not contemplate the
payment of these claims in the insurrectionary
and rebellious States.
But let us not confuse ourselves; let us see
whether it is not reasonable that at least one of
the amendments which 1 have offered should not
be permitted to come before this Bouse. What
does it propose? Merely that we shall take up
and dispose of the whole subject-matter of these
claims against the Government at one and the
same time; and that while we are restricting and
lemoving the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
we shall substitute for that court some other tri-
bunal. That is all. I should be very sorry to
believe for a moment that the first class of claims
provided form my amendment will be ignored in
this House upon any principle whatever. What
is the nature of that class of claims? General
McClellan, after the battle of Antietam, occupied
and possessed with his army the county of Wash-
ington, in iVlaryland—and when I speak of my
own county I presume 1 speak only what would
be said by every Representative from the con-
cessional districts of the border States—he occu-
pied that section of the country for some thiee or
four weeks. I have visited that section since. It
is a most beautiful section of country, fertile, pro-
ductive, and highly cultivated; is occupied by as
sterling, as patriotic, and as faithful a population
as exists in any section of this country, North or
South.
Standing on an eminence from which I could
take a view of the surrounding country four or
five miles in every direction, what a revolting
prospcct presented itself" for contemplation ! No't
a vestige left of all the works of a quai tor of a cen-
tury of diligent labor upon the part of that pop-
ulation; not an inclosure, scarcely a house left
standing, no grain growing, the old crop oil taken
oft", and not a living animal in view. All these
tlnngs were swept away, not by the enemy, but
by your Army, and appropriated to its use to sup-
ply it with necessary subsistence. We do not
complain of the matter. We know the necessity
which existed. We do not complain of the con-
duet of the officers upon the part of the Govern-
ment which makes it necessary to bring this mat-
ter up for the consideration of Congress. The
supplies thus seized by our Army have not in one
instance out of twenty been paid for. Why? Be-
cause the quartermasters and other officers of the
Government were negligent, or careless, or incom-
petent, and did not give the necessary certificates
such as the accounting officers here could pay;
and sometimes because they have not reported to
the War Department that these quartermaster
and commissary stores have been taken and sup-
plied for the use of the Army.
Now, what does my bill, sanctioned by the
Secretary of War, sanctioned by the entire Ju-
diciary Committee, propose? Simply that the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence shall take these cases into con-
sideration, receive testimony in the absence of
the certificate of the quartermasters—many of
whom are out of the service and many dead—and
when satisfied that these quartermaster and com-
missary stores have been taken for the use of the
Army, the Quartermaster General shall refer the
claim to the Third Auditor for final adjustment.
That is all, and I repeat that I cannot and will
not believe it until I see it that those gentlemen
who happen to represent sections of this country
over which the storm of war has not passed will
sit here, day after day, coolly and deliberately
appropriating millions upon millions of dollars,
and yet refuse to those who have to share in these
burdens any participation in the means and re-
sources of the Government. I do not concur with
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee in the
opinion that the finances of the country are in
such a condition that the paymentof these claims
will seriously embarrass the Government; but
even if that were so, my constituents are content
to wait. These are claims for property that has
been taken and applied to the uses of the Gov-
ernment.
But, Mr. Speaker, as to the other amendment
which I have offered, it is nothing more than a
transcript of a bill—modified in some particulars
—which was sanctioned by the Committee of
Claims at the last session of Congress, which
passed the Senate, and which has been sanctioned
by the Committee of Claims of the present Con-
gress. Let any gentleman read that amendment
and he will find that there is not one word in it
that can be construed by any man in Congress or
out of Congress so as to justify its application to
any claims growing up inside of the insurrection-
ary States. In express language it is confined to
Maryland, Pennsylvania, the District of Colum-
bia, West Virginia, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri,
Kansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky. It does not
contemplate either the taking of any money from
the Treasury; it involves no promise to pay; it
imposes no obligation; it merely authorizes the
appointment of commissioners, without judicial
powers at all or any authority to pay, merely to
collect the facts of the cases, that they may here-
after be reported to Congress for its final action.
What danger is there in that, or what apprehen-
sion can gentlemen have? These claims are some
day to be voted on " yea" or " nay." They will
be persisted in until they are finally disposed of
by the Representatives of the whole American
people. Can we not as well meet them now as
hereafter, in this initiatory measure providing that
testimony shall be taken and brought before the
next Congress, or before the present Congress at
its next session? It will then be competent for
Congress, not only to postpone the whole subject
indefinitely, but to select out of these claims, with
great nicety and discrimination, all these cases
that thev think proper and ignore the balance.
Mr. WILSON. I h ave yielded to the gentle-
man almost all of my time, and I must now claim
the floor.
Mr. THOMAS. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I was not aware how rapidly time was pass-
ing; but I have had both the Solicitor of the W ar
Department and the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee to reply to.
Mr. WILSON. I think the discussion of the
question which the gentleman from Maryland has
been discussing has taken the House entirely by
surprise; and I am not willing that it shall be
brought before the House foi action now. And
in order to settle this matter, membei s having now
had abundance of time to consider it, I ask the
House to sustain the previous question in order
that it may be disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to inquire of the Chair
as to what condition this bill was left in when it
was last before the House?
The SPEAKER. The bill was postponed on
the 12th day of January until the 21st day of Jan-
uary; and it now comes up for the first time in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. My recollection is that the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary de-
manded the previous question and that it was
seconded, and that the vote seconding it was af-
terwards reconsidered by a vote of this House with
a view to debate and amend the bill. An amend-
ment proposed by myself, saving the rights of
claimants under contracts, was discussed; and
while that amendment was pending, and while
those in favor of such an amendment proposed,
unless the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary agreed to admit that amendment, to send
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, it was by general consent postponed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
previous action of the House. The bill was re-
ported from the Judiciary Committee on the 12th
of January, and the previous question was moved
and sustained. That was afterwards reconsidered
by a vote of 71 to 69, which would have left the
bill open to amendment, had it not been for the
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Brown] to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Wholeon thestateof theUnion. The pendency
of that motion prevented any amendment. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] rose and
said that he desired to offer an amendment, which
was debated at some length, but was not offered
in consequence of the pendency of the motion.
Finally, by unanimous consent, the gentleman
from Wisconsin withdrew his motion, and the
bill was postponed till the 21st of January. It
is now reached in regular order. Thegentleman
from Ohio, having reported the bill, was recog-
nized, and therefore the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio has not yet been properly be-
fore the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to have the amend-
ment read for information.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot consent to the amend-
ment, and therefore I do not withdraw the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GRIDER. Will thegentleman yield to me?
Mr. WILSON. 'I cannot.
Mr. GRIDER. Then I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Thomas were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 69.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mi. SCHENCK. I now offer this amendment:
Add to tiie bill the word.s :
Except in ca^es wmnding in contract where food, forage,
or othei propeity for the actual use of the Government lias
been taken and ceitifieates oi other evidence of indebted-
ness in wilting by some officer ol the United States au-
thoiized to take said piopeity given therefor.
I desire to say that I am not unfriendly to this
bill, as believing in the necessity of some such
legislation. I have only sought to perfect that
legislation according to my best judgment by of-
fering the amendment of the character of that now
reported, and which, when the bill was up before,
I brought to the attention of the House. This bill
takes away from the Court of Claims jurisdiction
in all these cases arising out of claims for prop-
erty taken during the war. I desire to save that
jurisdiction by adding those words to the bill, so
that where there is outstanding some written evi-
dence of property having been taken, that written
evidence given by some officerauthorized to take
the property, and that property having been used
or applied for the benefit of the Government, the
court may have jurisdiction. If an amendment
of that kind pievail, I will have no objection to
vote for the bill.
The chairman of the Judiciary Committee is
entirely mistaken in supposing that such an
