$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. WQODBRIDgfE. Mr. Speaker, the bill
reported by the Judiciary Committee is designed
.simply to take away from the Court of Claims
.jurisdiction over the class of cases affected by it.
ajiie committee had been told that the Court of
jClaims had assumed to act in regard to certain of
..these questions; and understanding that the Gov-
,£jy)U)$lit itself had already established the means
.JKljpreby claims of this character could be adju-
dicated and paid better than they could be by the
.ppurt.wuh able lawyers and competent account-
.Aiitp to examine, the matter, deemed it unwise to
Iluiv.e.another jurisdiction for the accomplishment
of the same ob jects.
Jt jg (rue, sir, that in point of fact the only
.point which the (iommittee claimed to decide, or
would be decided by the bill reported by their
.chairman this morning, \yas this: shall the Court
of Claims.have jurisdiction over these cases when
another authority has already jurisdiction? Shall
Jhe (government employ two jurisdictions? Will
tlje,Government be safer by such a course? Will
jl)e people be saft^rby establishing two independ-
ent jurisdictions? 'Ihe committee thought not.
, Then this pqint arises: it is said that a large
..utixtjber of;these claims will be thrown out by the
^apartment, because, relying upon the strict rules
rpr law,as,construed by them, requiring the papers
, to contain a certificate that the property was taken
..for the use of the Army, and requiring that cer-
tificate to be executed in a particular way, that in
this way ,a large class of just claims for property
.tajcen legitimately for the use of the Army, and
of a character which the Government ought to pay
for, will be rejected on account of some informal-
ity growing out of the neglect or carelessness of
.the officers who had a right to take the property.
The amendment of my friend from Maryland,
[Mt\Thomas,) introduced'before the committee
and reported this morning, was intended as a rem-
edy for this evil which has been so much com-
plained of, and which constitutes a real hardship.
It provides that where claims are so presented for
abdication to the Department, written evidence
nwy l?e presented, from persons competent to take
it, and.that even though it be not precisely in con-
formity with the regulations of the Department,
if it be legal and competent evidence, showing
.that the property was taken under proper author-
ity and in a legitimate way, such evidence shall
f?e received by the Department as proof of the
elaim.
Then, by the adoption of the bill as presented
.by the gentleman from Maryland, this defect in
the present law would find an adequate remedy.
Under thatamemlment, where property lias been
taken for food, where, it lias been taken for for-
age, or taken for the use of the Army, it would
be paid for under that law, the matter having been
first adjudicated upon by the Department. In
other words,if a mail's corn was taken for food,
or if it was taken for forage, or if his hay was
taken for forage, if he presented proper and legal
evidence of the fact to the Department, whether
in strict accordance with the technical rules now
in force or not, showing that it was properly taken
for the public use, it would be paid for.
What is the objection to the amendment intro-
duced by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Suhenck?]
It is simply that so far as we ought to pay these
claims now, it imposes no new obligation upon
the Government which docs not already exist. It
gives the claimant no riijht or power or remedy
thatdoes notalready exist under the law. Itsays
that the Court of Claims, not the Auditor, who,
by the experience of more than half a century has
become familiar with ail the circumstances under
which such claims can be presented, who can act
upon it intelligently, who understands piecisely
the principles upon which they should be allowed, j
shaM pass upon these claims. I
IVow, the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, j
and which may be entirely in conflict with that '
already existing, have no right to take and alio'.v
any claim for this property which cannot be, al-
lowed now by the quartermaster's and commis-
sary departments, and certainly not if the bill
reported by the gentleman from Marviand [Mr.
Thomas] to the committee and offered to-day as
an amendment to tins bill shall m-et the approval
of the House. r
This subject of claims arising from tort, so far
as this Government is concerned, is a perfect fal-
lacy. There may be claims for damage which
may not come up under the rules of the Depart-
ment for adjudication, however hard it. may be
upon the person who suffers it. But whatever a
Government takes for the use of its Army, or for
any necessary purpose in the prosecution of war,
has always been, considered in the nature of a
contract. It is an implied contract. But I say
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is right;
he is right to-day, as he would have been a hun-
dred years ago, in saying that the " king can do
no wrong." Sir, the Government here in the
prosecution of this war can in law do 110 wrong.
Whatever property the Government takes, it
takes upon contract, express or implied.
But the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] extends the power. It says that
property "taken for food and used, and forage
with ether property." Now, sir, 1 am not going to
quarrel with my friends on the other side of the
House. I am naturally as liberal as they are. I
am certainly desirous that this war shairbe brought
to an end with the least possible loss of property
and life; to an honorable end. Iam desirous that
every dollar the Government can properly pay
and which ought to be paid shall in the end be
paid. But I say if we extend this to other prop-
erty which the Government has taken as a matter
of necessity, such as cutting down the fences of
a man's faim, forage that may be valuable, and
timber for the comfort of the soldier, or to build
fortifications; if we include those cases, and they
are legion, too numerous to mention; I say if
we undertake to pay them now, if we undertake
to pass a law for that purpose, then we shall have
the condition of tilings referred to by the Solicitor
of the War Department in his letter read this
morning, and the Government will be called upon
to pay hundreds of millions of dollars. 1 say that
as a matter of necessity we must restrict the pay-
ment of the claims of loyal citizens by reason of
this war. The time may come, and doubtless will
come, when all of these claims will be paid, when
a recuperated Treasury will be able to pay them.
Let me say here that in my judgment, within
ninety days after an honorable peace the securities
of the Government will be sought for abroad,
when we will be able to do justice to every citi-
zen who has suffered by this war. Now we can-
not do it.
Gentlemen talk about horses—that men cannot
get pay for horses that have been lost. I do not
understand that this is for horses or cattle that
have been taken for the use of the Army, for I
understand when properly presented to the De-
partment claims for horses taken for the use of
the Army, or for cattle for subsistence of the
Army, aie paid now.
Mr. Speaker, the simple question is this: Shall
we give this juusdiction to the Court of Claims?
I have nothing to say against it. I do not know
that it is not one of tlie most safe and useful courts
established by the Government. But I. do say
when you open the door, when you give to them
jurisdiction respecting such claims as we have
under consideration, there is an opportunity for
fraud which will escape their attention, but which
will never escape the eagle-eye of the men used
to such matte 13 fiom expeiience for years and
years, and whose sole business is to alike protect
the citizen and the Government. If there were
110 other remedy at band, if there were 110 other
means by which these claims could be properly
adjudicated, I might then say,go to the Court of
Claims; but I do say that 111 the prosecution of
this war where damns arise legitimately from the
necessities of the case let them be presented, ad-
judicated, arid paid at the Department which has
this whole war under its eye and all the time de- |
voting its attention to this matter. In that the
Go Vftniment will be the saver, and, in my judg- I
mc'ntj the rights of the citizen will be equally
protected.
Mr. GRIDER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state
the facta existing in the border States. I desire,
if I can, to present as an illustration the condition
of the third congressional district of Kentucky.
The people of that region had been under the ban
and the heel oftherebellion for at least six months
•when our armies were sufficiently reinforced and
organized to come to their relief. They came i
upon forced marchcs, without commissary stores, i
and they had to depend upon the country where |
they were located for subsistence. The citizens !
of my district furnished the Army with whatever I
it wanted, and many of them have impetfect vouch-
ers and most of them non£ at all. The troops
were in a hurry and took what they needed. The
citizens brought them what they had, but in return
they did not get competent papers upon which to
draw remuneration from the United States Treas-
ury.
1 myself live directly upon the railroad and the
turnpike where these armies pass, and in my
neighborhood the Army subsisted for weeks; and
1 tell gentlemen that I do not know of two officers
and their quartermasters and subalterns who,
when they took their leave, left competent and
sufficient vouchers upon which citizens who fur-
nished supplies could receive their pay. In illus-
tration I will give you a case. The Army moved
down on the pike, upon which there were good
farms, good cattle, and plenty of subsistence of
every description. The Army did not stop to
count or weigh the cattle, or to inquire to whom
they belonged. They drove them off from the
pastures along with the Army, for beef cattle.
IIow could the citizens get vouchers for cattle so
taken? A few men by persevering and following
up the Army would get receipts for their cattle or
anything else which had been taken, but the pa-
pers taken were not legal vouchers. They were
mere receipts, and two thirds of the officers of the
Army were utterly incapable of making out legal
vouchers for those men.
This illustrates the necessity of a law of this
character in order to give some plain, honest,and
just method by which the citizen can prove, as
he can prove in any other court and before any
other tribunal, his just rights. Thatisall weask.
And then when you have given us such a law,
we do not expect to get one tenth of all the dam-
age which has been inflicted upon our country.
Notwithstanding all the damage we have sus-
tained and all the suffering we have endured, we
have not complained. We have paid our taxes,
and furnished our men to sustain the flag of our
country, and I do not see any legal or patriotic
reason why these claims, so palpably due to the
men living in the border States, should be pro-
crastinated or postponed.
A word or two more, and I am done. I want
to give the House an honest history of these mat-
ters, and gentlemen here who have passed through
those neighborhoods have seen evidence of the
truth of what I state. It is my misfortune to rep-
resent a district which was subjected to secession
raids for five or six months; it is my glory, how-
ever, to represent a people as patriotic as any un-
der the sun. Sixorseven of my counties are bor-
der counties, and have been continually harassed
by rebel raids; and yet they have paid the taxes
whjch have been imposed upon them, and have
sent more men to the Army than any other coun-
ties in Kentucky. What prompted them ? You
will see the reason and the motive in the fact that
they were upon the border, and felt that their lib-
erties and their property and the rights of their
families were jeopardized. Hence cveiy man.
asked for anus, that he might defend his lights
and his home.
As soon as they were recruited and raised the
standard of their country and bid defiance to the
enemy, that moment they were sent to the extreme
South, to Shiloh, to Donelson, and Stone river,
where they manifested their gallantry and shed
their blood. But they left their families at home
unprotected; and those families were invaded and
their substence utterly exhausted by the raids of
the rebels. Still those men left at home paid their
taxes, met all requisitions of the Government, and
were mined; and yet men in this Hall talkabout
postponing the consideration of their claims on
account of the exigencies of the times. Ah, gen-
tlemen, the exigencies of the times have been
upon us in the border States from the beginning.
It is the veritable history of the times that in some
of those border counties the wives and children
of men m the field could not get to their homes or
subsist themselves at all; and they went on to the
next county, and the next county still, and also
to Louisville, across the nver. They did not leave
their homes as a matter of choice, but in order to
get something to eat and something to wear, of
which, owing to the rebellion, they had been ut-
terly deprived. What could these men do when
your Ai my went there ? The Army could get no
subsistence by railroad, and when the Cumber-
land river was low they could get no subsistence
