918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
caused in thiswise: the rebels burned up corn
that they could not carry away. It was terribly
c'old weather when we came into the town. The
rebels left thousands of barrels of flour behind,
and w; found a great many of the gentleman's
constituents of the copperhead persuasion ready
to hide it in ttteir cellars. It took some consider-
able time to resurrect it all, and the loyal people
helped us do it, God bless them. If the Court
of Claims shall have jurisdiction of this matter,
or any other tribunal, I care not what, a great
many of these people will prove that we obtained
flour.from them for the Army that was not paid
for. We took from some ten, and from others
twenty, thirty, and as high as one hundred bar-
rels of flour which the day before had belonged
to the rebel army, but which they could not take
away.
Mr. (JRIDER. Do I understand the gentleman
from Indiana to charge the loyal men of Bowling
Gfeen with having done that, or does he confine it
to the rebels of Bowling Green?
Mr. DUMONT. I believe that they were dis-
loyal men. Some of them claimed to be loyal,
but the heart of man is deceitful above all things
and desperately wicked. [Laughter.] Itwillnot
do therefore to let a man decide his own ease when
the brindle hide of the wolf is so manifest.
I wish to make no attack upon the gentleman's
constituents. I found a good deal of loyalty in his
district. I found men who were willing to bare
their bosoms to the shafts of the enemy to put
down this unholy and damnable rebellion; and I
never found kinder or better people than the loyal
inhabitants of Bowling Green, but truth compels
me to say some were disloyal.
Mr, Speaker, I had no desire to make a speech
when I rose. I believe that the people of Ken-
tucky ought to be paid for many things. I be-
lieve so in regard to Maryland. I believe so in
regard to Western Virginia. Although I did not
distinctly hear the provisions of the bill proposed
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,]
I am inclined to believe that it would have my
hearty supportifitstood by itself. I will not sup-
port the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] for it is not right in the abstract
or in the concrete, if for no other reason that it
breaks down a court that is now useful, and it
makesan unjustdiscrimination between claimants
equally meritorious. The declaration of the gen-
tleman [Mr. Grider] that Kentucky would stay
in the Union paid or not, I doubt not. His eloquent
tribute to the noble people of Kentucky was well
merited, and I was glad to hear it as applied to the
loyal.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
I have risen to say that there is no bill which can
bo offered to this Congress in which my constit-
uents are more deeply and vitally interested than
the one now pending. There seem to be two ob-
jections to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas.] One'is that
the Government is notable to pay these claims—
that now is not the time to settle and adjust them.
One gentleman from New York the other day in-
timated in his speech, if he did not say in so many
terms, that this Government would repudiate its
debts. I had 110 idea there would be members of
the House who would get up and say that the
Government was neither able nor willing to pay
its debts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. To what gentleman does
the gentleman refer as having said that the Gov-
ernment proposed to repudiate its debts?
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. The gentle-
man from Iowa and several other gentlemen said
that the Government never could pay these debts.
Mr. WILSON. I never said the Government
could notin time pay all of the debts that it should
pay. But I take issue with the gentleman and
those who seek to crowd these claims upon the
Government. The members from the border
States, as they term themselves, a term which I
consider a disgrace to our politics, ask to include
in these claims such as no Government upon the
face of the earth has ever allowed. It is for the
purpose of keep! ng out these claims and to prevent
this robbery of the T ressury that I have supported
the bill reported by me from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
it is not the proposition of this bill, nor do the ad-
vocates of this measure propose, that you shall
pay all sorts of claims that people may make
against the Government.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman from West
Virginia directed his remarks to what I said, and
my remarks were based upon the character of the
claims which have been presented to the War De-
partment, and which are nowpendingin the Court
of Claims. They involve claims for negroes as
well as for all other kinds of property, and for
damages of every description. I say that many
of them should not be paid, that it would be a dis-
grace to the nation to entertain some of them, es-
pecially those for runaway negroes. 1 base my
remarks upon facts existing, upon claims which
have been presented, and now the gentleman can
direct his upon the same basis.
TVIr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I have not,
nor do I suppose that any gentleman who has
advocated this billlms asked pay for any negroes;
and I trust in God some measure may be brought
before this Congress in which that subject will
not be introduced. We have no negroes in West
Virginia. I thank God that free soil is stamped
upon her; and in her constitution she has said
that she will rid herself of this exciting ques-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. The negro question is in-
volved in this bill by virtue of the claims now
pending in the Court of Claims, in which com-
pensation is asked for negroes.
■ Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. If the claims
are unjust do not pay them.
Mr. WILSON. This bill is for the purpose
of taking away jurisdiction in such cases and re-
taining it in the hands of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. If you were
to pay for all the negroes, North and South, al-
lowing me to be the appraiser, it would not cost
much to pay for all of them.
Mr. WILSON. But the gentleman is not a
judge of the Court of Claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. No, sir; I do
not suppose 1 ever shall be.
Now, to say that you will postpone the day
when yon will pay these claims is virtually to say
to the border States, to whom is due more than to
any other people the efforts to put down this re-
bellion, that they never shall have any pay. I do
not wonder that gentlemen who live in the New
England States, and those who live in what are
known as loyal States outside of the theater of the
war, cannot and do not appreciate the condition
of those who live in the midst of the war. Why,
sir, there has never been a day from the time the
Government was founded up to this hour when
the North was so prosperous as now. She is
actually wallowingin wealth. Inorder to protect
them the Government does not have to station
sentinels at their doors, nor in the streets of their
cities and towns.
But ho w is it in the border States ? Who could
have made more sacrifices than they have to main-
tain this Government? Why, sir, the district I
represented in the last Congress particularly, and
many of the counties I now represent in this Con-
gress, are made a barren waste on account of the
desolations of this war. They have sent into the
Army almost every man they had; and I am
proud to say here that Western Virginia has sent
more troops to this war to crush outand putdown
the rebellion than any other State of this Union
in proportion to population. And I learn by let-
ters received to-day that her quota under the last
call made by the Chief Magistrate of the country
is almost supplied, and that no draft will be re-
quired there. They have not only given their
sons and their fathers to the country, they have
not only watered every inch of soil in Western
Virginia with their blood, but they have actually
given every particle of property they possessed,
so that multitudes of them are now in a suffering
condition. In that State there are poor people
living in the mountains, whose wants are few,
and who have very fow means to supply them.
Rebel parties come along and steal their horses,
drive away their cattle, and they sometimes have
gone so far as to take the clothing from the chil-
dren's backs and carry it away. Oftentimes
everything in their houses is carried off by those
parties. Reduced to extreme destitution, they go
to work and getabarrelof cornandgetitground,
and then come along Union soldiers, exhausted
and half-starved, and cheerfully they divide their
last morsel with them. They sometimes gave
receipts, which were almost invariably informal.
Sometimes they took everything a man had and
gave him no acknowledgment.
Now, it is an act of justice that we are asking
at the hands of Congress—nothing more and
nothing less. We do not ask you to bestow a
boon upon us. We ore not asking you to make
us a present. 1 appeal to northern men, to their
sense of justie'e, to aid us in sustaining this meas-
ure. The issue is now before this Government,
and is to be decided by this House, whether or
not the people of the border States who have thus
been sacrificed shall have their claims paid or not,
or whether they shall be forever debarred.
It seems to me, sir, that every one must see the
necessity, if the Government ever intends to pay
these claims, that the question should be determ-,
ined now when proofs can be obtained, and we
can show whether or not our claims are just. If
you postpone this matter for three or five years,
there are probably not one tenth of the claims
which are perfectly just, and which every judge
in the land would give judgment for, in which
the claimants will be able at that time to furnish
proof. If, then, it is the intention of Congress
ever to pay us our just claims, now is the time;
and you will indicate whether you mean to do it
by the votes you give now. But if you postpone
anybody's claims, in God's name do not postpone
the claims of those who are starving, of those
who have stood by you, and without whose as-
sistance you would not perhaps have been a Union
this day.
I ask the House as amatter ofjustice to sustain
this bill. We border-State men have stood by this
Government as my friend from Maryland [Mr.
Thomas] has said. We have voted millions and
millions of dollars for your benefit. We do not ask
you to pay unjust claims. I should be- the last
man to ask that a solitary rebel should be paid for
any property he has lost. He does not deserveit;
and we do not ask it. But it is for our own loyal
men, who have been between the upper and nether
millstones; who have stood by the Government
in its darkest hours; who have been tried in the
furnace of rebellion—it is for them that I am plead-
ing to-day.
1 trust, sir, that the House will give to this
question their consideration, and will agree to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Thomas.] In my humble opinion it does
not embrace all the classes of cases which ought
to be embraced; but I am satisfied with it, and I
think that every gentleman from the North or
from the West ought to be satisfied with it. I
hope therefore, Mr. Speaker, that this bill will re-
ceive the favorable consideration of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the House is now ready
to take a vote on the amendment. I will not oc-
cupy any further the time of the House. I move
the previous question.
Mr. WHALEY. I hope the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee willnot press this matter to
a vote now. Thisis the most important question
that has been before the House this session.
Mr. WILSON. I merely wish to test the sense
of the House. If the House is willing to have
the matter delayed, so be it; bu 11 ask the previous
question, and I call for tellers on seconding the
demand.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson
and Whaley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 62.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. WHALEY obtained the floor.
Mr. ECKLEY. Will thegentleman from West
Virginia give way for me to move that this bill
be recommitted?
Mr. WHALEY. No, sir; I must decline to
yield for any such purpose.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot believe that a majority
of this House, or even those who are opposed to
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Maryland, desire to deprive the loyal citizens of
the border States of their just rights, or to pre-
vent them from having an adjudication of their
claims. I cannot believe that that is the object
even of those gentlemen who have opposed the
amendment. I wish to call the attention of gen-
tlemen on this floor to the facts on which these
claims rest, and notonlyof members,but of their
constituents also.
