1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, this is an important question.
It is one that involves the rights and welfare of
the suffering people of the border States. Could
any one have cxpected that such opposition would
be made to an amendment so fair as that offered
by my friend from Maryland? Is there any rea-
son why there should not be at least a mode pro-
vided by which these people sha'l have an oppor-
tunity of having their claims fairly and honestly
adjudicated ? I do not refer to the claims of seces-
sionists and traitors, but to those of loyal people
who have shown their devotiQn to this Union and
have made sacrifices for it, undergoing sufferings
that are unknown to the people of the North.
I wish to call attention, furtiier, to the fact that
hundreds of thousands of dollars of these claims
are due to the unconditionally loyal people of the
border States, for provisions and commissary
stores furnished in good faith for the use of the
Army, but where the certificates given did not
comply fully with the requirements of the War
Department. These claims have been therefore
rejected, and are now piled up by the cord in the
Third Auditor's office. Is there a proposition to
deprive these people of a fair chance to have their
claims adjusted ? If not, then let some remedy
for their case be recommended to the House by
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WILSON. I will inform the gentleman
that the Judiciary Committee has reported a bill
to meet the cases he speaks of, and that that bill
comes up next in order. It is the first and sec-
ond sections of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas.] I un-
derstand thatanother committee of the House has
agreed to report, if it has not yet reported, a bill
comprising the other portions of the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I would like
to know what possible objection the gentleman
from Iowa can have to this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The objection is that the bill
has no connection whatever with it. The bill re-
lates to the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims—
the amendment to the accounts of the Quarter-
master General.
Mr. WHALEY. It is the duty of Congress
to provide for the payment of the just claims of
the loyal people of the border States. Contrast
their condition with that of the people of the North.
Every city, every town,every village and hamlet
of the Noith is this day more prosperous than it
ever has been since the settlement of the conti-
nent; while on theotherhand,if you look to West
Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri, ynu will find
nothing but desolation. Thousands of their pop-
ulation have been driven to the free States, who
had happy homes three years ago, who had wealth
enough for themselves and their posterity, but
who are now reduced to absolute want. The
loyal people of the border States have shown their
loyalty in the Army and at the polls. They sent
to Congress unconditional Union men, men who
have stood by the Administration on this floor,
who have voted for every appropriation to carry
on the war. And now, when it is proposed to
have these just claims honestly and fairly adju-
dicated, we are met with opposition from the other
sideofthe House. If this is the policy letus know
it. Let the constituentsof every border State man
know it. Let it go over the wires this evening
that there is a majority in this House opposed to
paying these loyal men or providing a way of
adjudicating their claims.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. THOMAS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me a single moment?
Mr. ASHLEY. Certainly, sir. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. THOMAS I simply desire to correct an
error which seems to prevail in the House. I
thought I had stated so as not to be misunder-
stood, that both sections of my amendment have
undergone examination in committee. The sec-
ond and third sections that I propose underwent
examination in the Judiciary Committee, and
wore approved of. The other sections underwent
examination in the Committee of Claims, anil that
committee has reported it to the House with some
little amendments in the form of a bill. I now
propose to withdraw this last part of myamend-
mentwith the permission of the House, and to sub-
stitute for it in words House bill No.212, which
lias been sanctioned and approved by the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE. Does the gentleman
withdraw all of his amendment except that part
which was before the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. THOMAS. The amendment is so pro-
posed that the House is not placod in any diffi-
culty as to voting on it. If a portion of the House
be willing to take that part of it that came from
the Judiciary Committee it can say so and reject
the other, or vice versa. It is only necessary,
when going to vote on my amendment, to ask a
division of it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Do I understand that
the gentleman from Maryland proposes to have
a distinct vote on each of these bills?
Mr. THOMAS. Any member upon the floor
has the right to call for a division of the question.
And it results as I have already attempted to ex-
Clain. It gives gentlemen the privilege of deciding
etween these propositions. It gives them the
privilege of accepting the proposition of the Com-
mittee of Claims and rejecting that of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, or the opposite.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Maryland presenting his amend-
ment in the shape in which he now offers it?
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will then
have to modify his amendment still further to
make it in order. Rule 48 provides that
" No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be amended by
annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith, any other bill
or resolution pending before the House."
The gentleman wilt therefore have to modify
his amendment to some extent to bring it within
the rule.
Mr, THOMAS. The Speaker will bear in
mind that the two constitute one amendment, and
they are therefore not technically a violation of
the rule.
The SPEAKER. That constitutes a double
violation of the rules; if two bills entire are pro-
posed in one amendment.
Mr. THOMAS. To comply technically with
the rule, I have changed one or two unimportant
words, and now modify my amendment by adding
at the end of the other amendment as follows:
That there shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, one commissioner and one solicitor of claims for
tiie district composed of the States of Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, the District of Columbia, and Virginia; one com-
missioner and one solicitor lor the district composed of the
States of West Virginia, Ohio, and Indiana; one cornmis
sioner and one solicitor for the district composed of the
States ofTennessee and Kentucky ; one commissioner and
one solicitor for the district composed of'the States of Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Kansas ; and one commissioner and one
solicitor for tho<e States not included in the foregoing dis-
tricts, who shall severally hold their respective offices dur-
ing the pleasure of the President, and be entitled for their
services to a salary of §2,.">00 each per annum, to be paid
quarterly, out of any money in the Treasmy not otherwise
appropriated, and such other sums as shall be necessarily
and unavoidably expended by them lor stationery and office
rent in the discharge of their duties under this act,andceui-
fied as reasonable "by the Secietary of War or First Comp-
troller of the Trcasuty.
Jind be it farther enacted, That each of said commission-
ers shall appoint a clerk for his district, who shall hold his
office during the pleasure of said commissioner, and per-
form such duties asmaytbe requited of hint under this act,
who shall receivea * alaryol#l,GOU; andthe commissioner
may from time to time employ a marshal, at a compensa-
tion of four dollars per day lor the time actually employed
by s>aid marshal in subpenaing witnesses for the United
States, and for such othet duties as may be required of him
by the commissioner, winch salaiy to the clerk, and com-
pensation to the marshal, «?hal! be paid quaiterly, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, on the
certificate of the commissioner. And said commissioners,
solicitor.-, clerks, and marshals shall each take and subscribe
an oath to support the Constitution of the United States,
ami faithfully discharge the duties of their respective offices,
and shall, in addition, take ami subscribe the oath of allegi-
ance lequired bytheactof Congress passed Augusts, 1861,
which oaths shall be filed in the War Department.
w*n</ be if J Hither enaded, That said commissionersshall
severally have rosjmzance of all claims against the United
State* ausing intheir respective districts,and which shall
be presented'to them by any person who, during the pres-
ent rebellion, has sustained, oi may sustain, damages by
injury to oi destruction ofany property which has been or
may 'be injuied or destroyed by the use or occupation oi
the'Army of the United States, or of any division or portion
thereof, or by any military authority: Proiulcd, however,
That all existing claims embraced in the piovisions of this
aet not presented for adju-tment wilhm three years from
the passage of this act, and all subsequent claims not pre-
sented for adjustment within three years from the time
such claims tnav or shall accrue, shall be forever barred.
Jind be itjuither enacted, That the claimantorvlaiinants
who may present his or their claim under this act shall in
every ease make out an account against the United States,
containing the items of such damages and losses, together
with a statement of the circumstances attending the same,
and names of the officer or officers who gavetbe order or
who commanded the troops, and the particular corps, divis-
ion, brigade, regiment, or company by whom the damaged
or losses were occasioned, so far as within the knowledge
of the claimant; the time when, as near as may be, and
place where such losses and damages were sustainedj
which account shall be verified by the oath of the claimant
to the effect that the account presented by him or her to
said commissioner for adjudication is accurately statedj
and is in all respects just and true, and that the prices
charged are reasonable, and that the amount claimed is
justly due after allowing ali just credits and set-offs; that
neither tiie whole or any part of said claim has been as-
signed or transferred, except as therein stated; and that he,
she, or they have actually sustained the damages charged
in said account as having been done to his, her, or their
property by military authority, or by the troops of the Uni-
ted States, over and above the value of the portions of said
property which remained after its injury or destruction;
that the same damage or destruction has not been done by
reason ofany fraud, connivance, collusion, orprocurement
of the said claimant, or any other person or persons in his,
her, or their behalf, and that no payment has beeu received
by the claimant, or any person for him, for any part of said
claim, except as stated in said account; and that lie had not
given any receipt or voucher, except as stated in said ac-
count, by which any officer of the United States or other
person has received or can receive, as claimant believes, a
credit therefor from the United States. Said claimant or
claimants shall also exhibit and prove to said commissioner,
his, her, or their title to the property, and the extent of
their share or interest therein; and also furnish them with
tiie names of all other persons, if there be any, who have
any share or interest in said property, and their residence
as far as may be.
Jind be it further enacted, That said solicitor of claim?
shall represent the Government of the United States, and
attend the examination of parties and witnesses m relation
to any claim which may be pending before the commis-
sioner of their respective districts, and prepare interroga-
tories and cross-interrogatories when necessary, and super-
intend the taking of testimony, and render such other ser-
vices as may be required of him from time to time by said
commissioner.
Jind be it further enacted, That any person who shall cor
ruptly practice, or attempt to practice, any fraud against the
United States m the statementorpioof of any claim, or any
part of any claim, against the United States under this act,
shall forfeit the same to the Government; and itshall be the
duty of said commissioner in such cases to make a special
report of the facts and fraud which was practiced, or at-'
tempted to be practiced, to the Secretary of War; and in
case he shall approve and concur in saidrcport, tiie claim-
ant shall he forever barred from prosecuting said claim.
Jind be it further enacted, That each commissioner shall
have power to issue subpenas to require the attendance of
witnesses upon the application of either the claimant or
claimants, or of the solicitor, for examination before the
said commissioner, which subpenas shall have the same
force as if issued by a district couit of the United States,
and compliance therewith may be compelled under such
rules and orders as said commissioner shall prescribe, and
tor the purpose of compelling the attendance of such wit-
nesses and taking their testimony, said commissioner shall
have all the power of said district court. Andthe witnesses
who may attend on behalf of the United State*, in obe-
dience to any subpena issued by said commissioner, shall
bo entitled to the same fees for their attendance as those
paid for similar seivices in the State courts of the respect-
ive districts, and to be paid by the United States upon the
certificate of said commissioner and eolieitor.
Jhul be it fuither enacted, That each commissioner shall
adopt such lules and regulations for carrying this act into
execution as the Secretary of W"ar shall appiove,and pub-
lish the same tor eight weeks successively in the news-
papers in the several States and Territories in winch the
laws of the United States are published.
Jind be it further enacted, That each commissioner shall
have power to hold their sessions at such times and places,
in their respective districts,as they shall deem proper and
conducive tothe public interest and convenience ofchiim-
ants. They may also, in their discretion, make a personal
examination of any property in relation to which any claim
forlossesordamag'esshall have been presented. They shall
also have power to examine on oath any claimant, and all
other persons, in relation tosahl claim,who have any knowl-
edge thereof; and shall have power to issue commissions
fot the examination of claimants and witnesses unable to
attend before said commissioner, and in other cases in the
discretion of said commissioner, and shall cause the testi-
mony so taken to be reduced to writing, and signed by the
person taking the same; and shall return said testimony,
with their proceedings and their several opinions in writing
in relation to said claims, respectively, to the Secretary of
War; audit shall be his duty to lay the same before the
Congiessof the United States at the commencement of the
session next succeeding said return, to the end that such
provision may be made for the relief of the claimants as
shall be deemed just and proper.
Jind be itfuither enacted, That said commUsioner?shall
not take cognizance of any claim against the United States
for the loss, value, or seivices of any slave or person of
color, nor for damages or losses aiistng from his or her es-
cape, capture, o  detention ; nor shall any person who has
engaged, or shall at any tune engage, in the present rebel-
lion against the Government of the United States, or been
at any time hostile to such Government, or given aid and
comfort to those engaged m said rebellion, derive any ben-
efit under this act. Audit shall be the duty of each of said
commissioners to inquire Into and take testimony as tothe
loyalty of every person who has sustained loss or damage
to* his or her property during the present rebellion, and who
, may present their claims under this act; and also as to
: whether the said persons in any manner supported or fa-
| vored rebellion against, orreshtanee to the laws of the Uni-
l ted States. And no person who has engaged, or shall at
j any time engage in the present rebellion against the Gov-
