THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 3,
eminent of the United States, or been at any time hostile
to «tieh Government, or given aid and comfort to those en-
gaged in said .rebellion, shall derive any benefit under this
act.
Mr. ASHLEY. I now demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
- Mr. JSLDRIDGE. Is it in order for me to
move to recommit the bill to the committee?
Tire SPEAKER. It is not.
The question being upon the amendment to the
amendment, it was adopted—ayes 64, noes 46.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and nays
on t(le amendment as amended.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE' SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate disagree to the resolution
of the House of Representatives imposing in-
structions upon the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 122) to in-
crease the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses, ask another free conference on the amend-
ments to the said bill, and have appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Clark, and Mr. Hendricks as
s.uch committee on their part.
COURT OF CLAIMS—AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it in order to
move to refer the whole subject to the Committee
on the Judiciary ?
: The SPEAKER. It is not. The House is
still acting under the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion to enable me to move that
the House agree to the request of the Senate for
another committee of conference on the internal
revenue bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I insist on the
motion that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 60, noes 66.
Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which his amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Upon the latter motion,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. SPALDING moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM Till! SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced to the House that
the Senate had passed ihe following joint resolu-
tion and bills; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (No. 30) for the relief of Charles
A. Pitcher;
An act (No. 48) for the relief of B. C. Bailey;
and
An act (No. 125) to encourage immigration.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a question of piiv-
ilege. I move that the House accede to the re-
quest of the Senate appointing another committee
of confercnce on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the internal revenue bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the whole
reportof the committee of conference on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order; but
the Chair will state that its effect, if carried, will
be to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 32, noes 64.
Mr. KASSON. Before the vote is taken on
the motion of the gentleman from Vermont 1 ask
the Speaker to state the exact condition in which
the matter now comes before us. The motion
has been made by the gentleman without consult-
ation with his colleagues on the Committee of
Waysaml Means, and I desire now that the Chair
will state what will be the effect of the motion
.upon the question before us, if adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will merily state in re-
sponse to the gentleman from Iowa that he, I sup*
pose, in common with all the members of the
House, heard the message from the Senate that
they had non-concurrcd in theresolution yesterday
passed by the House.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman will pardon
me. I could not hear that message as it was an-
nounced.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, sir, the gentleman
had the same chance that I and other members of
the House had to hear it. Finding that the Sen-
ate had rejected the proposition yesterday made
by the House, of course it becomes necessary to
act upon the request of the Senate for another
committee of conference. 1 did nothing more
than to pursue the usual course in such cases, by
seizing on the earliest moment to move for such a
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the con-
dition of the question. By a vote of 76 to 67 the
House yesterday referred this matter to the same
committee of conference. The vacancy occasioned
on that committee by the declination of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] was filled
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. STEVENS. Referred to the same com-
mittee with instructions.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir, recommitted with
instructions. The Senate have sent us aresolu tion
asking for a free conference between the two
Houses, without instructions. The Senate having
appointed the same managers on its part, it is due
to the House to say that the Chair will appoint
the same majority as yesterday of the House
conferees. If the Senate had appointed different
conferees the Chair would have felt it to be its
duty to appoint different conferees, in case this
proposition of the Senate be entertained.
Mr. KASSON. I was in the Senate when the
action of the House was reported there, and I did
not hear any instructions read to the Senate. I
ask whether those instructions have ever been
brought to the attention of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. If the House wants to re-
verse its action of yesterday, it will be easy for
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to
move instructions of a different character.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not wish to move any
instructions at all. I have not made the motion
to go on the committee, and I do not desire to go
on it. 1 do not desire the committee to go tram-
meled, for that would be casting a slur upon the
oilier House.
The SPEAKER. Without new instructions
the Chair will be obliged to appoint the same ma-
jority of conferees. If the Senate had appointed
new conferees, the Chair would have appointed
new conferees.
Mr. STEVENS. The only effect of appoint-
ing the same committee is that they go without
instructions and nntrammeled.
The SPEAKER. Precisely. The message
from the Senate is that the Senate disagree to the
resolution of the House of Representatives pro-
posing instructions to the conferees, and ask an-
other free conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on House bill No. 122, to in-
crease the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses. It has appointed the same committee,
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Hendricks, and Mr. Clark.
The instructions of the House were before the
Senate, and tliey were disagreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate appointed the
same committee because we had appointed the
same committee nf conference.
The SPEAKER. They were appointed by a
vote of tile House.
Mr. Morrill's motion was agreed to.
The Speaker appointed Mr. Morrill, Mr.
Kasson, and Mr. Sfalding the committee on the
part of the House.
COURT OP CLAIMS AGAIN.
The question then recurred on the Court of
Claims bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third lime.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. 140) for the protec-
tion of the overland emigration to the States and
Territories of the Pacific; and an act (H. R. No.
265) supplementary to an actentitled "An act to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government,"approved March 3, 1863; when the
Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. PARNS WORTH,
(at a quarter to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.  
IN SENATE..
Thursday, March 3, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of Sam-
uel Strong, praying that the Secretary of the
Treasury may be authorized to examine and set-
tle his accounts as assignee of the contractors for
work done on the Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
custom-house; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of man-
ufacturers of Newark, New Jersey, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of the India-rubberpat-
ent of Charles Goodyear; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an exten-
sion of the time for the payment of bounties to
volunteers in and for the State of Wisconsin until
the 1st of April, 1864; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Daniel
Fitzgerald, praying for a renewal of his patent
for an improvement in fhe-proof chests and safes;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of the
Governor and members of the Senate and House
of Representatives of the State of Pennsylvania,
praying that the draft be postponed, and the pay-
ment of bounties continued until the 1st day of
April, 1864; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the memorial ofM.
C.Marin,commander in theUnited States Navy,
praying relief from the action of the advisory
board; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of George D.
Dods, praying for a pension in lieu of his support
at the Naval Asylum; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Healso presented a memorial of merchants and
others of Providence, Rhode Island, praying that
the petition of the South American Steamship
Company for an appropriation for the purpose of
establishing postal communication by steam ves-
sels with the countries of South America may be
granted; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and a motion to print tiie memorial
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
COURT FEES IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of the
justices of the supreme couit of the Distiict of Co-
lumbia, praying for the passage of a bill to regulate
the fees of the clerk's office of the supreme court
of this District. The petition is accompanied by
a bill. I ask that the bill may be read the firstand
second time, and referred with the petition to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to that committee. The Senator also
asks unanimous consent to introduce at this time
a hill on the same, subject.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
intioduce a bill (S. No. 147) to regulate the fcea
of the clerk's office of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia; and it was read twice by its
title, and refened to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a petition of seamen
in the United States revenue cutter service at-
tached to the revenue cutter Caleb Cushing, pray-
ing for remuneration for loss of property sus-
tained by them in the destruction of that vessel
by the rebels, asked to be discharged fiom its
! further consideration; which was agreed to.
