1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad have instructed me to move that the
bill (S. No. 135) to amend an act entitled " An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," passed July 1,1862, be printed. The bill
has not yet been printed, and the committee de-
' sire to have it printed for their convenience in ex-
amining it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The same committee have
instructed me to report back to the Senate the bill
(S. No. 11) granting public lands to the People's
Pacific Railroad Company, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraphic line to the Pa-
cific coast by the northern route, and to recommend
that it do not pass. This recommendation, how-
ever, is founded entirely on the circumstance that
the bill which 1 now report back is based upon a
State charter granted by the State of Maine. The
committee think it not right to act upon a State
charter in so large a concern.
PAYMENT OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was recommitted the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 41) to continue the payment of bounties,
.to report it favorably and to ask for its consider-
ation at this time. It is very important that it
should be acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider this resolution at the present
time. Is there any objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather it should go
over for the present until Senators come in. I
know the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden]
takes a deep interest in this question, and he is
not yet in his seat. I hope it will be allowed to
lie on the table until he comes in.
Mr. WILSON. It can be laid aside for a few
moments until Senators come in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
t; Mr.TEN EYCKasked,and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 31) authorizing the issue of a register to
the steamer Mohawk; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
148) to prevent frauds in the collection of the in-
ternal revenue, and to prevent smuggling; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
REMOVAL OF INDIANS FROM KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. No. 32) for the removal of refugee
Indians in Kansas to their homes in the Indian
country; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask that the pre-
amble and resolution be read at length for the in-
formation of the Senate.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Wheieas the Government is maintaining nine thousand
two hundred refugee Indians in the State of Kansas at an
outlay of $60,000 per month; and whereas said refugees
uie anxious to return to their homes in the Indian coun-
try : and ivherea*. the Secretary of War reports to Congress
that he is not aware of any reason preventing their return;
and whereas it is important that they be returned m utne
to put in a eiop of this spring: Therefore,
Rcsohcd, >Vc.« That the Presidontof the United States he
authorized to rake the neccss-ary steps for the renjov.il of the
rcfuut'f' Indians now m Kansas to thcii homes m the Indian
eountiy.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state, in
connection with this matter, that the Indian bu-
reau are anxious to return these Indians to the
Indian country, but are fearful of taking the re-
sponsibility. The Interior Department and the
War Department differ as to the safety of the In-
dians after they shall return, and it is important
to get an expression of opinion from Congress
on the subject. I move that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Indian AfFuiis.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by i\ir. Llo*d,hs Chief Cieik, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the further
conference asked by the Senate upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R  No. 122)
to increase the internal revenue, and for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and insisted upon by the Senate, and
it had appointed Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Mr. John A. Kasson of Iowa, and Mr.
Rufus P. Spalding of Ohio, managers at the
same on its part.
\ AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DAVIS. A joint resolution fortheamend-
ment of the Federal Constitution was referred
early in the session to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. That committee reported back the joint
resolution with an amendment. I desire to offer
an amendment to the amendment reported by the
committee, and I ask that it be read and printed
for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none. It will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to amend the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to the resolution (S. No.
16) by striking out the word " an" and by add-
ing the letter " s" to the word amendment in the
fifth line of the preamble reported by the commit-
tee, and to strike out both sections of the amend-
ment, and in lieu thereof to insert:
First. That no negro or person whose mother or grand-
mother is or was a negro shall bo a citizen of the United
States, or be eligible to any civil or military office, or to
any place of trust or profit under the United States.
Second. That the States of Maine and Massachusetts shall
form and constitute one Stale of the United States, to be
called Ea«t New England, and the States of New Hamp-
shire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Vermont shall form
and constitute one State of the United States, to be called
West New England.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will be made, if there be no objection,
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate three thousand copies o! the reportof the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia (No. 14) in relation to in-
terference by military authority in elections in the States.
"FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no other
resolutions to be introduced, the Chair will pre-
sent a concurrent resolution from the House of
Representatives. It will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In the House of Representatives,
March I, J£64.
Resolt cd by the Senate and House of RepresentatiKes, That
the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the Hou^e
of Representatives be authorized to close the piesent ses-
sion by adjourning their respective Houses on Tuesday, the
31st day of May next, at twelve o'clock meridian.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolution
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
FRENCH SHIP LA MANCHE.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
142) for the relief of the owners of the French
ship La Manche, reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agieed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. For the purpose of paying the in-
demnity awarded to the owners of the French ship
La Manche, it proposes to appropriate a suffi-
cient amount to purchase a bill of exchange on
Paris for the sum of 140,735 15-100 francs, with
interest on that sum at six percent, from Febru-
ary 5 last past down to the date of the bill of ex-
change.
Mr. GRIMES. What is that for?
Mr SUMNER. To carry out an award that
has been made with reference to the claim of the
owners of the French ship La Manche, they
claiming more than half a million francs, and the
arbitrators allowing them 140,735 francs, on ac-
count of damages to a French ship.
Mr. GRIMES. Damages by whom?
Mr. SUMNER. Growing out of our blockade.
Mr. CLARK. Is there a report? •
Mr. SUMNER. Here is a message of the
President covering all th« ddcuitietttsSftthec&Se,
The report of the Secretary of State' is to this
effeGt: ' \ v
j>efa.rtmb t of §tate, washington .
February 16,186-4. •
The Secretary of State has the honor to Jay before the
President a copy of the papers relative to the claim on this
Government of the owners of the French ship La fltanfcfte,
captured in August, 1862, by tlfe'United Statesship-of-war
Ino, and sent into Boston for adjudication, upon the sup-,
position that she had, in violation of the blockade, sailed
from a port in the possession of the insurgents. The vessel
was subsequently restored, pursuant to a decree 6f the dis-
trict court of the United States at Boston, but the owhersl
to be exaggerated in amount. A proposition was conse-
quently made to Mr. Mercrer to refer the qnestion'as to the
sum properly due to an informal arbitration. This propo-
sition was accepted, and the award of the arbitrators is ono
of the accompanying papers. From the high character of
those gentlemen for integrity and Intelligence, it is sug-
gested that an appropriation of the amount found to be duo
may confidently be recommended to Congress.
Respectfully submitted.
WILLIAM H, SEWARD.
The President.
The document which t have in my hand con-
tains the original claim, the correspondence be*-
tween our Government and the French minister,
the appointment of the arbitrators, Mr. John M;
Forbes, of Boston, being selected on the pari of
the United States, and Mr. IsaacThacher,®. mer-
chant of Boston, being selected on the part of the
French Government, and these two arbitrators
together selecting William Perkins, also of Bos-
ton, as the umpire. After considering the case
carefully, they have reduced the original claim,
which was 524,577 francs, to the sum mentioned
in this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the amount?
Mr. SUMNER. One hundred and forty thou-
sand seven hundred and thirty-five francs. 1 will
read the precise terms of the award, and that will
explain the peculiar language of the bill. It is as
follows, dated Boston, February 5,1864,and ad-
dressed to Mr. Seward, Secretary of State, and to
Monsieur Mercier, his imperial Majesty's min-
ister to the United States:
"Gentlemen: The undersigned arbitrators appointed by
you, and the umpire mutually chosen by the arbitrators, for
the purpose of exanuningand deciding upon the claims for
losses, by capture and detention, of ihc French ship La
Manche by the United Stales ship Ino, beg leave to report,
unanimously, that they have carefully examined the only
claims laid before thpm by his imperial Majesty's consul
here, Monsieur Souchatd, being those of Messrs. ke Roux
Fieres Sc Co., the owners of the LaManche, for themselves
and for the officers and ciew of the ship, of which copy
(marked A) is heiewith inclosed.
" That they have examined the papers laid before them in
snppoif of said claim, and have called such witnesses as
were deemed necessary, and that they do award, as-full
compensation for said claims, the sum of 140,73o 15-100
francs, to be paid in a banker's bill on Paris, at sixt}T days'
sight. To which amount is to be added interest at six per
cent, per annum from this date until the bill is delivered
to his imperial Majesty's representative at Washington."
The appropriation, therefore, is of a sum suffi-
cient to buy the bill specified in this award, with
interest from the date of the award, February 5,
1864, down to the date of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts whether the own-
ers of the French vessel are parties to the refer-
ence and arbitration; whether they are concluded
by it?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that they are
concluded by it.
Mr. HOWARD. Does that appear in the re-
port itself?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in mind
that the whole has proceeded on the application
of the French Government; the French Govern-
ment is the party, and that Government has pre-
sented the claim of the owners.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand so. Of course
it presents the claim as the agent of the owners.
I My inquiry was whether the owners are bound
by the arbitration in law.
Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably they are.
Mr. HOWARD. So that we shall not have
this claim up before us again ?
Mr. FOSTER. That is the only mode in which
we can recognize a claim of a foreign individual.
It is never made upon us by the individual, but
through his Government. We in like manner
present claims against foreign Governments,
though they come from private citizens.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the usual course; but
it may be pursued in another course.
