926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ment of anybody, has more merit, is an apparent
indirection. The Committee on the Judiciary, 1
not supposing that there was any intention to
connect these two bills, expected to maintain each
on its own merits. They attempted to do so.
Now there is an opportunity to do that which
ought to be done. It is meritorious, as I think.
No. 212, which did not originate in the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, the resultof an investigation
of which that committee was entirely ignorant,
and coming from the Committee, of Claims, it
would seem that that committee, having knowl-
edge of the facts, should have the management of
their own bill; and I am opposed to the recom-
mitment, and hope that this House will pass on
this measure.
Mr. STEVENS. I must beg leave to differ
entirely from the views of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.] The House
has already acted on the bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary, which was to take away juris-
diction from the Court of Claims, by committing
to that committee two sections for the adjustment
of these claims, and allowing the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims to be abolished on condition
of creating other tribunals to adjust the claims of
citizens who have suffered by this war. Now,
while I have great doubts as to the propriety of
depriving the Court of Claims—for I know of no
reason why they are not to be trusted as well as
any other tribunal, taking away from the House
the vast labor that court was created to remove
from this House—while I know of no such ne-
cessity, yet I am willing, if it is thought proper,
to remove and transfer that jurisdiction some-
where else; but I am not willing to take it away
unless it is coupled with an act creating another
tribunal to try all questions which are legitimately
triable before any of the tribunals of the country.
I am not willing to try one by itself; to pass one,
and then to trust to luck to have something substi-
tuted in its stead. And 1 cannot understand the
zeal with which gentlemen, who say they are
willing to pass this, are opposed to connecting
them together, so that one may be dependent upon
the other. I do not suspect a trick, but I may
suspect an accident, and that when one is passed
there will be no such thing as passing the other.
Therefore until I know what the Committee on
the Judiciary are to report back to u# I am not
willing to pass this one.
I hold it to be the duty of the Committee on
the Judiciary to put into shape the instructions
of the House in those two bills; not to cut them
off, not to alter them, but to put them into abet-
ter shape. The House, as clearly as can be, by
a considerable majority, amended the bill by two
amendments; and I hold it to be unworthy of the
action of the committee afterwards to ignore that
action of the House and cut off these amendments.
1 understand the gentleman from Maryland
moves to commit.
Mr. THOMAS. 1 do.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope it will be done, and
that we shall not spend another day upon this
question. I denuind the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill and amendments were
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING. 1 have a proposition similar to
that of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Thomas,} and I ask that it may also be referred
to the committee with the bill. 1 want to get the
proposition before the committee.
No objection being made, the paper was re-
ferred as requested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that an amendment I
intend to offer to this bill may also be referred to
the committee.
The amendment was so referred.
REPORT OB1 GENERAL GRANT.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which, under the
rules, was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of tfns House ten thousand copies of the report of
General U. S. Grant, in addition to the number heretofore
printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE STATEMENT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported back the following resolution:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the tabular state-
ment of moneys received from internal duties, as required
by the thirty-third section of the one hundred and nine-
teenth chapter of the Statutes of 1862, be printed for tlie
use of the Treasury Department.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I submit a letter to be
read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office Superintendent Public Printing,
Washington, March 2,1864.
Dear Sir: The House ordered six thousand copies of
the report of Commissionerof Internal Revenue for the use
of the House, and one thousand for the use of Internal
Revenue office. The type has been distributed, and, be-
ing nearly all rule and figure, *t will cost a good deal of
money to reset it; and besides, such isfhe pressure of other
work, it cannot be done for some months.
Why not give the Department another thousand from the
number ordered for the House ?
Yours, respectfully, JOHN D. DEFREES,
Superintendent Public Printing.
Hon. A. W. Clarv, Chairman Committee on Printing,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I now move that there
be furnished to the Internal Revenue Bureau two
thousand copies of that document out of the six
thousand ordered to be printed for the use of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed sixty thousand additional
agricultural repoits for 186-2—fifty thousand for the use of
the House of Representatives, and ten thousand for the use
of the Agricultural Department.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. The committee were
induced to offer this resolution in consequence of
there being one hundred thousand less copies
printed last year than are ordinarily printed of
that document. They did that last year knowing
that the work was to be stereotyped, and with the
hope that paper would be cheaper this year than
when they took that action last year. Now the
Committee on Printing have seen fit in conse-
quence of the great demand for that document to
introduce a resolution to print fifty thousand more
for the use of the House, and ten thousand for
the use of the Department. I trust the resolution
will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the attention
of the House forasinglemomentto this question
of printing. I know how difficult it is to resist an
appropriation of this kind. The work that is to
be printed is one that is called for by our con-
stituents more, perhaps, than any other. I fully
concede its merits; and its merits this year I be-
lieve are as great as they ever have been, perhaps
more. But last year we had the pressure of tax-
ation,and the immense calls of the Treasury upon
us, so that in a sane moment we went for a mo-
tion of economy. Now we are called upon to re-
verse our whole position upon this subject, and to
pass a resolution which will coll upon us for an
expenditure equal to what it would have been had
we ordered the punting of the whole number last
year.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Thegentleman will allow
me to correct him. He has stated that the num-
ber now proposed to be printed will cost as much
as one hundred thousand copies would have cost
last year.
Mr. MORRILL. That is my judgment, be-
cause paper is higher now than it was last year.
Mr. A. "VV. CLARK. The paper costs the
same.
Mr. MORRILL. So far as the sixty thousand
additional copies now proposed by the Committee
on Printing are concerned, we are asked to back out
of the position we took last year. Now I am free
to say if twenty thousand copies were printed for
my use in my own district, the number would not
supply and satisfy the desire of my people. We
cannot print so many but what we should find a
large number of our constituents dissatisfied be-
cause they have not got a copy of the document.
All feel an equal interest in the work; nearly all are
equally worthy, and all feel equally entitled to it.
But it is manifestly impossible that the Govern-
i ment should supply this work to this extent, and
' equally so for any member to make the-distribu-
tion.
I call the attention of the House to. the fact that
we have the largest printing establishment in the
whole country and perhaps in the world, and yet
we are by our lavish and extravagant use of it on
the very verge of breaking it down. Why, sir,
we ordered, the other day ten thousand extra
copies of the diplomatic correspondence of the
Secretary of State—a document of unusual inter-
est—which I understand cannot be printed for
months, and may have to be sent to New York
to be printed, if printed at all.
Under these circumstances the Public Printer is
about to call upon us to enlarge our printing
establishment, to increase the buildings, to buy
more machinery; and I say to the House that it
is due to ourselves and to the country that we
should exercise some economy, some self-denial,
on this subject of printing.
I know that we are able, under the present sys-
tem of doing the work ourselves, to print a much
larger amount of work than we could do under
the old contract system. But what are the facts
under the present system? Why, sir, last year
we appropriated §540,000, in round numbers, for
the public printing office, and at the present ses-
sion a bill has been reported for a deficiency of
over six hundred and fifty thousand dollars; and
that does not comprise all the deficiency, for since
that bill was reported further deficiencies have
been found and are asked for.
To be sure, we stopped the other day one small
job for the printing of a dictionary of Congress;
and I desire the members of the House to under-
stand this fact, that by a law of Congress already
on the statute-book, any books printed for their
own use the cost must be deducted from their pay.
There are other jobs coming up here in relation to
the printing of books, and I regard this as the best
point at which to oppose any further extravagant
expenditures for printing, because I consider this
the most meritorious of the whole list of docu-
ments published by Congress. If we can curtail
this, we can of course stop the less worthy.
I trust that the House will not vote for any fur-
ther increase of the labors of the public printing
office, and will vote down this proposition, if
there were reasons for economy last year, those
reasons remain in full force this year. We had
better save $50,000 than add that much to our
tax bills.
Mr. A. W. CLARK resumed the floor.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Will my col-
league yield to me for one moment?
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I must decline to yield
just now, as I wish to correct a statement made
by thegentleman from Vermont.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would ask the gentleman
to state the facts—I could not hear them when he .
stated them before—as to the number printed this
year, and the number printed last year, and also
as to the number furnished to the Department last
year, and the number proposed to be furnished
this year.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. In answer to the inqui-
ries of the gentleman from Illinois, I will state
that last year the committee reported in favor of
printing only one hundred thousand copies of the
agricultural report, whereas the House usually
printed two hundred thousand copies. That was
done by the committee not so much with a view
of economizing on the whole amount, but at that
time we knew that the work would be stereo-
typed, and we thought that at a later peiiod it
might be printed much more cheaply, because
paper was then very high. The committee find,
however, that paper remains now at much the
same rate, and therefore they have seen fit to au-
thorize me to report in favor of printing one half
of the number of copies usually ordered of this
document, and which were not provided for last
session.
Mr. MORRILL. It willcostabout thirty-five
thousand dollars.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. About seventy cents a
copy.
Mr. MORRILL. That will be about thirty-
five thousand dollars.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. In answer to the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Vermont, I
will state that the printing for the legislative de-
partment of the Government has been consider-
ably curtailed; and the immense amount of the
public printing is due to the fact that the printing
for the Executive Departments has been largely
increased owing to the war.
