928
THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
vail before we undertake to pull down the struc-
ture and build up another. To undermine and
destroy it now ia to bury the natioif under its
ruins.
The introduction of this perfectly legitimate
and necessary bill gave rise to a very remarkable
debate. The bill was opposed because it* con-
ferred fresh and enlarged powers on the Secretary
of the Treasury. The injurious effects of the rapid
accumulation of gold in the Treasury, as shown
in its advance and price,.and the consequent ad-
vance in the prices of all the necessaries of life,
were not denied; but these evils were not con-
sidered so important as the consequences which
might flow from increasing the Secretary's pow-
ers. The Government was actually the unwill-
ing instrument of the speculators on the sea-board,
and was in the position of the capitalist who is
lending money upon gold to advance its value;
.was hoarding gold beyond its requirements, mak-
ing it daily more and more scarce in the market,
was itself depreciating the currency and feeding
speculation; and yet this House was disposed to
consider the passage of a bill directing the sale of
the surp as on hand as the greater evil of the two.
I did not so regard the subject, i felt that the
national credit was endangered by this action on
the gold market, and I was in favor of instruct-
ing the Secretary to sell,at his discretion,all the
surplus he had, or was likely to have, over and
above the requirements of his Department. I de-
sired lum to be so instructed for the purpose of
regulating his powers in the direction of his coun-
try's necessities. To me his powers lay in the
fact that he could hold the gold or keep it out of
the market. To direct the sale of any surplus
beyond the wants of the Treasury was to limit
and restrict his powers.
I desired to protect the people against further
expansion, to restrain the madness of speculation
that was holding the nation by the throat, and to
which the Government at the moment was an un-
willing party; and, sir, I have not changed my
opinion. Reflection has confiimed my previous
judgment. But 1 pass from the further consider-
ation of this part of the subject.
Each day has added to the testimony that if the
importations do not suddenly diminish the price
of gold will advance to much higher points; spec-
ulation receive a new impulse; prices of the ne-
cessaries of life rise in a corresponding degree;
and the responsibility of the whole matter rest
upon Congiess for declining to disembarrass or
relieve the Government from a position that no
one in his senses ever supposed it would occupy.
The question, to my mind, is one of great na-
tional importance, second to none now influencing
our action. It ought not to be regarded from a
political stand-point. It shall not be, as far as I
am concerned; but purely and entirely with refer-
ence to its practical bearing upon the interests of
the people of the United States.
Sir, in the discussion that followed the intro-
duction of this bill statements were made, and
deductions diavvn from those statements, which
have passed into wide circulation, I think thum
caiculatcd to swell the current of improvident
speculation, weaken still more the public confi-
dence, depreciate still more the public credit, ad-
vance still higher the price of the precious metals,
increase to a still greater degree the necessities of
the Government, and, just in the same propor-
tion, add to the burdens of a people already stag-
gering and reeling beneath the weight of great
anxieties and expenses. Dark predictions were
utteied of speedy national bankruptcy, and sol-
emn warnings of national repudiation. These
declarations were supported by references to the
figures of our public debt. The currency was de-
clared to be $,1,000,000,000! In my judgment,
such predictions and statements cannot be made
in this House or any wheie else without damage
to the public credit and to private interests. Nor
can they be without their effect upon the thou-
sands of soldiers in the field, far away from their
homes, in an enemy 'a country. They look to Con-
gress to build up the national ciedit, to strengthen
it if it is really endangered, to fortify it wheie it
needs a breastwork, that they may feci secure of
ample supplies of men and money until the war
is successfully and honorably terminated. Sir,
with all my objections to the financial system of
the country, 1 feel it to be my duty to support
that system until the war is over. I think it the
duty of every man in this House to labor with
industrious zeal to inspire the public with confi-
dence, and so enable the Government to negotiate
its loans and meet with promptitude all its obli-
gations.
But, Mr. Speaker, my main object to-day is to
dissent from the statements made in that debate
as to the facts in respect to the amount and con-
dition of the public debt; to protest against the
deductions drawn from them, even if they areas
represented; but more particularly to show that
there is nothing up to this date in the condition
of the debt or the currency which justifies a de-
preciation o£ from thirty-three and a third to forty
per cent, in the latter as against gold and silver;
or warrants the improvident and wicked specula-
tions in merchandise and commodities now pre-
vailing in the Atlantic cities to so fearful an ex-
tent. To effect this purpose 1 propose, in the
first place, to call the attention of this House to
the late report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
On page 17 of the report to this Congress we find
the following:
"The Hunt prescribed by law to the issue of United
States notes lias been reached, and the Secretary thinks it
clearly inexpedient to increase the amount. When circu-
lation exceeds the legitimate requirements for real pay-
ments and exchanges, no addition lo its volume will in-
ciease its value. On the contrary, such addition tends
inevitably to depreciation; and depreciation, if addition
be continued, will find its only practical limit in the utter
wonhlessne^s ot the augmented mass.
" When Congress authorized the creation of debt, to a
ceilain extent, m the form of United States notes, and lm-
piessed ou these notes the qualities of a circulating me-
dium, its action was justified by the disappearance of coin
in consequence of the suspension of specie payments; by
the necessity of providing a medium in which taxes could
be collected, loans received, and payments made ; and by
the obvious expediency of providing that medium in the
form of national issues instead of resorting to the paper of
banks. Under the circumstances Us action was wise and
necessary; but it was equally wise and accessary to limit,
the extent of the ismics by the necessity which demanded
them. They were wanted to 1111 the vacuum caused i>> the
disiippeaiance of com and to supply the additional demands
created by the incieas«ed mnnberand variety of money pay-
ment*. Congiess believed that $400,001),000 would suffice
for these puiposes, and therefoie limited issues to that
sum.
"The Secretary proposes no change of this limitation,
and places no reliance, therefore, on any increase of re-
sources from increase of circulation. Additional loans in
this mode would, indeed, almost certainly prove illusory;
for diminished value could hardly fail to neutralize in-
creased amount.
((Sufficient circulation havingbeen already provided, the
Government must now borrow like any othei employer of
capital temporanly requiring more than income will sup-
ply, and icly for the credit winch will secuie advantageous
loans upon good faith, industrial activity, accumulated
though not immediately available capital, and satisfactory
provision for punctual payment of accruing interest and
ultimate reimbursement of puncipal."
I regard these declarations of the Secretary as
conclusive as to his opinions a-nd designs. His
opinions arp that sufficient circulation has been
provided; that it cannot beincreased except at the
hazard of swift destruction to the whole system;
that no'change in the limitation or increase of the
circulating medium, which is $400,000,000, ought
to be consideredfora moment. Here isan official
declaration that $400,000,000 of currency have
been supplied and are the outside limit that the
Secretary will consent to issue, although the law
allows $150,000,000. Ought not the country to
be satisfied with this, the assurance of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury under his official signature?
Where are we to get the facts if not from this
high officer, acting under the responsibilities of
his official oath? These plans of the Secretary
commend themselves to myjudgmcntas the cor-
rect steps toward a healthy and sound state of
things. They are all thatauy Democrat, consid-
eiing the condition of the countiy and the exist-
ence of a fearful civil war, should cxpect or de-
mand. The Secretary has a right to the support
of this House in his efforts thus to gravitate to-
ward a more solid system of finance. So long
as he seeks to carry out these principles I shall
support them to the best of my ability, because
by this course I support the best interests of com-
merce and all other classes and conditions of men.
I support the means whereby the Government
hopes to check expansion, undue prices, restrict
speculation, restoie confidence, and diminish the
public expenses. Sir, holding these views, noth-
ing could justify me ceitainly in withholding my
aid from the accomplishment of this great effort
to ieduce the issue of paper money and to check
the inflation now rushing like a whirlwind over the
country, and this, unhappily, because of the too
general ignorance of our real resources, and of the
exact character of the public debt.
On page 8 of the Secretary's report we find the
estimated condition of the public finances up to
the 1st of July, 1864, and the estimated total debt
up to the 1st of July, 1865. On the 1st of July,
1864, the public debt will be $1,686,956,641, of
which $400,000,000 is currency. On the 1st of
July, 1865, it will be $2,231,935,190, of which
$400,000,000 is still to be the currency. It fol-
lows, then, that the funded or merchantable debt
will, on the 1st of July, 1864, be $1,286,956,641,
and on the 1st of July, 1865, $1,831,935,190, with-
out the $400,000,000 of currency. It will be re-
marked that I class all but the $400,000,000 legal
tender as funded debt, and that 1 assume that the
extreme limit of this kind of money has been
reached, that it will never be exceeded; and here
permit me to repeat, that I base thisemphaticdec-
iaration on the language of the Secretary report,
that admits of no other interpretation. 1 now
propose to make this clear to the House and to
the country. The$400,000,000legaltender,draw-
ing five per cent, interest, and now being paid out
by the Secretary, redeemable in one or two years,
is, like the rest of the funded debt,amerchantable
article, partaking of the character of the English
exchequer bill, It varies in price according to the
value of money. It increases in value daily by
the augmentation of interest. Itmay floatascur-
rency for a few days after it is issued, but pres-
ently it is absorbed; it disappears from the market*
At its maturity it must be paid. It differs from
the currency in so far as it is made payable at a
given date, and draws interest up to a given time.
The debt certificates which are paid out by the
Secretary are also merchantable. They are
bought and sold for money. They occupy the
same relation to the capital that any promissory
note occupies. They are made payable at spe-
cific times, and draw interest at six per cent.
They are not currency.
The long loan of the Government is like any
other funded debt; and so, Mr. Speaker, out of
$1,600,000,000 of debt created thus far, but $400,-
000,000 is currency.
The national bank currency act for the crea-
tion of $300,000,000 circulation of uniform value
throughout the United States I understand as be-
ing designed to supersede the local State bank
currency of the country; that it is simply the sub-
stitution of one plan for another—a plan which is
regarded by the Secretary as the most suitable in
time of war, calculated to strengthen the national
credit, provide a means for the sale of Govern-
ment debt in considerablequantities,and prepare
the way for a resumption of specie payments as
well as the gradual displacementof the legal tend-
ers. It does not look to an increase of the cur-
rency. The new system comes into existence as
the old system expires. There is no need, there-
fore, of any fresh alarm from this source. Con-
giess may be called upon to modify the law of
the last session on this subject, that the machine
may work with peifect smoothness, but I think
it will be demonstrated that, at the time the cur-
rency of the State banks is to cease to exist, that
by enabling laws, or by other processes the banks
themselves can readily pass under the new system.
It therefore follows that no new device for the
creation of more paper money is to be found in
this bill. I am not prepared to say, in view of
the fact of the introduction of the legal-tender cur-
rency during the war as an absolute necessity,
and of its necessary existence to a greater or lesser
degree for a time after the termination of the war,
that the national bank currency act will not prove
to be a wise and beneficent measure, calculated,
as suggested by the Secretary, to insure an early
return to specie payments, without the disorders
and convulsions that have heretofore followed
directly in the wake of great financial changes,
and especially such a change as the substitution
of specie paymentsforthoseof paper. A careful
examination of this great question is certainly
demanded by the bestinteiests of the people, and
i propose to give it the best attention of which I
am capable before deciding upon my future course
in the matter. I shall, however, examineit on its
merits in connection with the probable wants of
•the country growing out of the war, and purely
as a question of finance in which every human
being in the nation is directly interested.
Mr. Speaker, the people buy the funded debt
