THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session*.
SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1864.
New Seiues No, 59.,
of the United State.1' for income. They buy it
with a full knowledge of all the circumstances
under which it is created. They buy it on the
credit of the nation, on its resources, on the pres-
ent and prospective magnitude of its population
and its productive power. They buy on the past
history of the country, on its rapid growth, on its
unsurpassed prospects for the future. They be-
lieve in the perpetuation of our institutions and
in the preservation of our national unity. They
believe in but one Government over our vast do-
main. They believe in the value of one million
square miles of public lands west of the Mis-
souri; in the thousands of millions of mineral
wealth folded in its vast embrace. They believe
in the construction of the Pacific railroad; in an
exodus of millions of men to the Rocky mount-
ains, prepared with their machinery togrind them
to powder, and produce from their prolific sides
huge volumes of treasure. They believe in the
iron, the coal, the copper, the lead, the silver, the
cinnabar, and all the valuable metals which they
know to exist in unlimited quantities within that
vast region of seven hundred million acres; and
if they are willing to buy the funded debt of the
nation on this security, how can you reconcile it
thatthe§400,000,000currency, based in reality on
the same security, should sell at thirty-three and
a third to forty per cent, discount? "There is
more in this, if our philosophy could but find it
out." Let us examine some of the reasons why
this confidence should exist. Sir, in the very re-
markable and highly valuable report of Hon.
Samuel B. Ruggles, made in September of last
year, to the International Statistical Congress at
Berlin, on the resources of the United States—a
paper that should be circulated all over the coun-
try—I find the following valuable statistics on the
subject of the increase of the population of the
United States when compared with other coun-
tries:
The population of Prance increased thirty-seven
per cent, in sixty years, from. 1801 to 1861; of
Prussia, seventy-nine per cent, in forty-five years,
from 1816 to 1863; of England and Wales one
hundred and twenty-one per cent, in sixty years,
against an increase in the United States of five
hundred and ninety-three per cent, in the same
length of time.
The increase of the national wealth within the
last ten.years is thus presented in the same re-
port: assessed value of property actually taxed
in 1650, leaving out the assessed value of slaves,
was $6,174,780,000, and in 1860 $14,223,618,065;
leaving an increase m the decade of §8,048,825,840.
Mr. Ruggles thus distributes this vast increase of
the national wealth: to New England £.735,754,244;
the middle Atlantic or carrying and commercial
States, from New York to Maryland, inclusive,
$1,834,931.579, and to the food-producinginteiior
itself, embracing the eight great States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Iowa, and Missouri, §2,810,000.
Now, sir, at this rate of increase, in 1870, six
years hence, we shall have $35,000,000,000 of
national wealth, and in 1880, in only sixteen yeais,
$80,000,000,000.
Sir, the legal-tender currency of $400,000,000,
if divided equally among these States, to be paid
by them out of this increased wealth, would have
been extinguished in the first six months of the
year 1860, and the balance remaining on hand
of the increase of this wealth of the ten years
preceding would have been the enormous sum of
^7,500,000,000.
These figures are presented, Mr. Speaker, in
order to show how unimportantis this amount of
currency when regarded or examined in connec-
tion with the nation's ability to pay it. And yet
we are tuld that the country is on the verge of
hopeless rum. No, sir. Let the Secretary only
adhere to the principles and to the lansua«e of
his report. In thc^wordx of the poet, the nation
" Is f«u the i(ijiii nun;
The field i i-ct m to know what then master N doum ;
And p.Nitne ami oioiKudand eoinliuM ami lea
All catch the utieeuou, as guteioud as- he,"
59
In this connection, or in connection With that
vast section of this country which stretches away
from the Missouri to the Pacific, so forcibly al-
luded to in the report to which I have referred, let
me request my colleague from New York, who
is filled with apprehension of coming woe in the
shape of national ruin growing out of the creation
of $400,000,000 of paper money, to pass for a few
moments from this Hall to the foot of the great
marble staircase that leads to the upper story of
this building. His attention will be arrested at
the foot of the steps by a magnificent work of art
illustrating the declaration of the distinguished
Bishop Berkeley—for I believe this country is in-
debted to him for that brief but expressive sen-
tence—
" Westward the course of empire takes its? way."
Sir, we all know my colleague to be a man of fine
imagination and of quick perceptions. As he will
gaze on this effort of the gifted artist, he will in
spite of himself find his heart swelling under the
inspirations that will sweep unbidden over his
kinder nature and his gentler judgment. Sir, he
will acknowledge that in the truths of to-day the
propheticdeclarationsofthe writer of that sentence
have been already realized. The course of em-
pire has been westward. Hundreds of thousands
of men have surged over to the shores of the Pacific
like a flood, and now, like the tidal pulses of the
sea, are rolling backward again east to the Rocky
mountains to meet the still l oiling western waves
at the same point. On the sides of those mountains,
and in the basins and valleys which they create, an
empire of millions of human souls are destined ere
long to concentrate their mighty energies, strug-
gling with the sea-board for the supremacy in ma-
terial wealth. Sir, they will be indorsers of this
$400,000,000. Twenty-five millions of people
living to-day have made these bonds or. obliga-
tions. Forty-two millions of people will guar-
anty them in 1870. Why, sir, that is only six
years hence, and according to the census of 1860
fifty-six millions will look after the debt if it is
not paid in 1880, only sixteen years hence, backed
up by §82,000,000,000 of capital or national
wealth. Sir, no comment is necessary in the face
of these wonderful figures!
But, Mr. Speaker, let us for the sake of argu-
ment suppose, what I will admit is hardly suppos-
able, that this Government should, in the course
of its struggles, overwhelmed with new embar-
rassments, find itself unable to pay its interest
on its funded debt for one or more years. What
would be the result? Viewed in the light of his-
tory it might bring national concern and mortifi-
cation, but not national disgrace. Nor would it
retard our national growth for a single hour. The
soil would still produce its teeming millions of
grain; the Pacific slope its immense treasures of
gold and silver. The tide of population would
still sweep in, in hundreds of thousands. Our
industry would still flourish, our people labor,
and the country, in all itsgreatnessand its glory,
still remain. Sir, we have already seen in our
own biiefhistoi y that which will serve as an illus-
tration as to what may be seen again upon a
larger scale.
There are two memorable instances on record
which are worth more than a passing thought for
the splendid lessons that they teach.
The western States, led on by a spirit of enter-
prise far in advance of the actual development in
material wealihand in population, con traded debts
for their internal improvements. In adaik finan-
cial hour they failed to pay their intei est, and their
obligations declined from a premium of twenty
per cent, down to eighty per cent, below par.
The great State of Ohio trembled to her centerat
the time from her apprehensions and fears. And
powerful Pennsylvania with till her wealth saw her
securities sixtv percent, below par. Some years
elapsed before'the western States responded. But,
sir.thcydid respond, nohlyresponded,paid every
dollar, and so vindicated the judgment of the pio-
neers who marked out thf system of internal im-
provements. They vindicated (lie judgment of
the. inverters in their securities who bought as
men now buy the funded debt off the United States
on what they see and believe in th$ future of this
country.
Hence, I would urge upon the Secretary of the
Treasury the great importance of acting with
promptitude upon the clear and comprehensive
language contained in his report;, to borrow in the
open money market, and at the market price, every
dollar hereafter demanded by the wants of the
Government. I would advise a sale of the funded
debt to any extent necessary; and I would urge
upon this House to exhaust its ingenuity in show-
ing the magnitude of the security offered by the
nation, and the great and growing power of the
Republic, in order to facilitate the Secretary in the
most effective manner in all his future negotia-
tions.
The States of Indiana and Illinois are worthy
of especial mention as affording the evidence of the
wonderful recuperation of oui people within the
State limits. It is within the recollection of many
members of this House, indeed all of them, how
the realization of the financial disasters that broke
over those young States of the West, and swept
the sensibilities of both hemispheres. Europe
was largely interested in these obligations, and
very large amounts of them were held in this coun-
try. These States were covered with ignominy
and reproach, and they were compelled to endure
the base charges of repudiation and bankruptcy.
Sir, they were never for one moment bankrupt,
nor did they even for one moment falter in the
resolution to repair the disasters of that fearful
period by an early liquidation of all their indebt-
edness. Sir, the example of these States to their
brethren of this country will live in all coming
time, and it stands out, and will ever stand out,
as the most incontrovertible testimony that the
nation of which they form so magnificent, so illus-
trious, and so distinguished a part will pay every
dollar, both principal and interest, be it funded
debtor legal tender—every dollar expended to per-
petuate the structure of this Government in all its
splendid proportions, in all its graceful outlines.
The other instance to which I would refer is
the railroad crisis. Railroad stocks and bonds
passed in public estimation from a high premium
almost to zero. Thirty-three thousand miles had
been built, costing $1,300,000,000, or an amount
equal to the present national debt; miles of railroad
built by the enterprise of our people, and more than
all Europe besides. Sir, when the hour came,
arid these securities were unsalable; when these
corporations did not pay their interest, and when
men who held them seemed in despair, what did
it accomplish for the system itself? It did not de-
stroy the railways; it did not diminish traffic; it
did not stay the strong arm of the agriculturist;
it did not retard the growth of our population.
No, sir; the system was bound to live; it belonged
to this, the nineteenth century; it was conceived
in great foresight and wisdom, and it survived
through new economies and the introduction of
wiser and mote prudent counsels in its manage-
ment.
Who suffered by this remarkable crisis? Not
the owners of the property, for they saved their
money in the revival of the prices of both bonds
and stock; nor the country, for it remains teem-
ing with prosperity, productiveness, and power,
stimulated and strengthened by this gigantic sys*
tcm of internal improvements.
Now, sir, where is the difference between the
funded debt of a great community and the funded
debt of as mallei community, or the debt and obli-
gations of incorporated companies ? Show me the
difference in the character of the calamity that
would befall the Government if we should fail to
pay interest for a single year, and the calamity
that befell the State of Illinois under the like cir-
cumstances or the circumstances to which I have
referred,
The conclusion to be drawn from all this, Mr.
Speaker, I take to be simply that the only thing
which the country has to fear is the continued
depreciation of the §400,000,000 of legal tender,
which the people sell at thirty-three to forty per
