1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93!
constantly being instituted; to show that no par-
allel whatever can be drawn between the strug-
gle on this continent and the past struggles be-
tween nations in the Old World. Comparisons
are frequently instituted between the condition of
the currency of the United States and that of the
French assignats during the period of the Revo-
.lution. Why", sir, France issued $9,000r000,000of
that kindof paper within about the same time that
we have issued $400,000,000, or less than five per
cent, of that of France. Sir, there can be no par-
allel between the cases, certainly none when we
regard the question in connection with the re-
sourcesof the two Powers. The increase of the
population of this country over that of France for
the past ten decades is a plain answer to the ques-
tion.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, we must instruct
the people as to the difference between currency
and funded debt, a thing that seems to be so little
understood. If we keep constantly before the
public view the vast security afforded for the final
extinguishment of our debt, and show our abund-
ant resources to meet the continued demands of
the war for a long time to come, in case it should
be necessary to continue it, there need be no fear
of bankruptcy or repudiation.
I now move the previous question upon the
pending amendments, with a view to offer the
substitute which I have indicated, and which I
offer with the consentof the Committee of Ways
and Means. I ask that the substitute be read.
The proposed substitute was read, as follows:
Joint resolution to authorize the Secretary of the Tieasury
To sell any surplus gold.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Recretary of the Trea-suiy be, :uul he is hereby, author-
ized, fir.^t, leservnig in theTieasury an amount sufficient
to meet the payments in gold required by law, to sell from
time to time at public auction, after having given five days'
notice m the daily papers of New Yoik, any portion of the
surplus of gold in the Treasury of the United States: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Treasury may, instead of
such sale, apply the gold in the Treasury to the redemption
in advance of the interest coupons of the United States,
which by law are required to be paid in gold, whenever
the amount on hand shall he sufficient to" discharge the
cntue amount maturing and on the same day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman to give
way a few minutes that I may submit some re-
marks upon this subject.
Mr. HOLMA.N. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would give way to the
gentleman from New York, but as I understand
the previous question is called upon the subject,
I feel it my duty to adhere to my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from New Yoik that he could not oc-
cupy the floor even if the gentleman fiom Wis-
consin should withdraw his motion, as the previ-
ous question is demanded by the gentleman from
jNew York.
Mr. FENTON. I ask my friend from New ;
Yoik to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and I will agree to renew it.
Mr. STEBBINS. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
tiuly enrolled a joint resolution (H. R. No. 41)
to continue the payment of bounties; when the
Speaker signed the same.
SALE OF SURPLUS GOLD—AGAIN.
Mr. FENTON. I know it is not in order to
offer a substitute at this time, but ) will send it I
to the Clerk's desk to be read, and give notice i
that I will offer it at the proper time, if the sub- j
stitute already offered to the pending bill be voted i
down. I ask that the proposed substitute be read. !
The substitute was read, as follows: |
Stoke out all after the enacting clause and inseit the fol- ,
lowing: I
Sfcc. 1. The Secretarvof the Treasury be. and he hereby 1
is, authorized to sell gold or othereom received m payment
for United .Staiu.s bomh negotiated,and also to sellanyfor-
c-ign exchange thatmaybc iee<;ived by the a ent* or officers '
ol the Tiea^u of tin* United Statu*: Provided, Thatuoth- ■
inir hrrein contained fhall be construed to authorize the '
sale of nny gold or other com now on hand or that may be i
received heieakei m payment of custom-house dunes." i
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, authorized to anticipate a payment of interest
upon the public debt of the United States from time to time,
eitherwith or without a rebate of Interest upon the coupons,
as he may deem expedient.
Mr. BROOKS. Before the gentleman from
New York proceeds I wish to understand where
we are. Are we under the operation of the call
for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdrew his
demand for the previous question in favor of his
colleague, [Mr. Fenton,] who agreed to renew it.
Mr. BROOKS. Are we to understand, then,
that after the two gentlemen upon the Committee
of Ways and Means have expressed their senti-
ments, nobody else can?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Stebbins] called the previous question
only upon the pending amendments, with a view,
if they are voted down, to offer the substitute of
which he has given notice. The bill will then be
open to further amendment and debate.
Mr. FE-NTON. Mr. Speaker, I intend to dis-
cuss the general bearing of the proposition in its
relations to finance and trade, and especially to
reply to the statements of my colleagues, [Mr.
Fernando Wood and Mr. Brooks,] who ad-
dressed the House upon this subject on the 19th
of February, making it the pretext rather than
the text for argument.
I read from the Congressional Globe. Mr.
Brooks said:
"Now, Mr. Speaker, if there were no other than the
mere political objection, ifvouchooseso to call it,it would
be sufficient to my mind. It is the worst policy, it is
the most dangerous and alarming of measures to clothe
any man with enormous power over the currency of the
country. The President of the United State now has in
his right hand the sword, and through the Secretary of the
Treasury he has in his left hand the pur*e ; and therefore
stands completely the impersonation of despotism. If he
chooses to exeicise that power, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can now create,manufacture,and dispose .$'1,000,000,000
ot paper money. It is now pioposed to give him the whole
control of the gold in the country."
The following extract is from Mr. Wood's
speech of the same date:
" And that leads me.Mr. Speaker, to a consideration of
the fallacious system'upon which the financesof the coun-
try are now being conducted. We have had other wars in
Christendom. We have had expen^ve wars. We have had
wais costing $100,000,000 a year. The system of finances
attempted to be adopted here is not new in the history of
the woild. It i-s as old as Christendom; and whatever
merit theie is in the present financial «y-tem, no man now
living can claim the onginality of the invention.
'•Sir, paper money was established oiiginally under
Chailes I. Previous to his time, when a monarch found
himself m a strait, his resource was not to pnpei money, it
was to d"b;i-e tile coin of the country, and give an official
stamp to the representative of value by depleting the intrin-
sic value contained m the coin itself. Charles i originated
paper money. What was the consequence ? Charles II,
whose administration was almost as profligate as this,
ended in bankiuptcy, uin, and repudiation. That was the
result of the pnpei-money enterprise n^tho«e days, and that
will be the result of the present application of the same
principle.
And again:
'•Tlnee years ago next August our experiments in
paper inonej commenced, and we have aheady issued
$1,000,000,000 ol currency."
Mr. Speaker, the subject of finance and cur-
rency is one of a^reat interest to the Government
and people. It is not strange in this period of
our history, the most remarkable in the magni-
tude of expenditure, that these questions should i
invoke grave attention and investigation. It is
most fortunate that amid the events transpiring, |
which have no parallel in the world's history, j
one of our ablest and purest statesmen was called j
to the head of the national exchequer; and the |
result is that, amid difficulties the most moment-
ous, our fiscal afldhs have been conducted with
unrivaled ability and success. Public confidence
has been inspired and our credit lias been main-
tained during a period of civil commotion, peril,
and expenditure, hitherto unknown. An analysis
of the Secretary's late report exhibits the most
mature reflection and comprehensive mastery of
the vast subject of finance, currency, and trade,
and challenges the respect, if not the support, of
every intelligent and fair mind in the country.
Mr. Speaker, I did not suppose that the paper
currency of the countiy, necessai ily dispropor-
tionate to the amount of gold and silver, could
maintain during the period of so great expendi-
tures a par value. It was impossible to avoid a
depreciation of currency, and a corresponding ap-
preciation of values, equally disturbing to the
laws of exchange and trade.
I need not stop to argue that there was insufli-
cient.of the precious metals for a circulating-me-
dium. In times of peace experience has shown
that they are the only safe reliance as a basis for
currency and banking operations. In a time of
war, when the amount of money required in the
affairs of the Government is so largely increased,
the credit of the Government, the good faith, and
confidence in its resources and stability, must to
a great extent take the place of the precious metals,
and form in a great degree the basis of credit and
currency.
The monetary problem of the country, with an
expenditure of $800,000,000 annually, cannot bo
solved by any past practice or experience of our
history. Nor can the financial strength oft^e
United States be judged correctly by rules t&jt
govern the finances of Europe. 1. Because its
basis is principally in the property of the coun-
try, in lands and agricultural products, whose
value is not adequately represented in money, not-
withstanding these products furnish an important
element of trade and exchange by exportation to
foreign countries. The intrinsic values of the
products and sources of wealth are constantly
expanding with the increase of population and
the simple march of emigration to new Territo-
ries. 2. Because the labor of men employed in
agriculture and the arts "produces more here than in
Europe. This increased production does not get
its expression in money at once, and therefore it
is undervalued; but it exists as real wealth) and
constitutes a powerful reserve of resources, as this
war has shown, and/urn ishes increased confidence
in the fiscal ability of the Government to meet the
present and any possible future demand upon it.
I am led to these reflections by the remarkable
statements of my colleagues from New York city,
[Messrs. Wood and Brooks,] who exhibited so
much earnestness in discrediting the financial as
well as the political policy of the Government,
and who indulged in exaggerations of its enor-
mous liabilities and prospective bankruptcy.
No country has such a vast extent of territory
and such a rapidly increasing population, and no
empire of contiguous territory posseses such a
variety of climate, soil, and natural productions,
whether of field, forest, or fishery, or such a
wealth and diversity of annual agricultural prod-
ucts. We have a greater extent of mineral prod-
ucts than all Europe. Our coal-fields are thirty-
two times greater in extent than those of England,
Ireland, and Scotland. Our gold deposits, our
copper, lead, and iron mines are the richest and
most abundant in the world.
To give importance and additional value to all
these elements of present wealth and future pros-
perity, we have vast amounts of cheap and fertile
lands which invite occupants to our shores. We
offer the largcstliberty consistent with oider, jus-
tice, and free government; and the result is, that
the industrious poor and middle classes of Europe
are coming to our country, in the midstof a civil
war, in numbers that find no parallel in the his-
tory of tiiis nation.
If we merely estimate the amount of present
property brought to our shores by this flood-tide
of emigration, we find it reaches hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars annually. But if to this we add
this influx of labor, at its constantly increasing
ratio of value as applied to the development of these
inexhaustible resources of latent, natural wealth,
we see an ever-expanding basis of public credit
altogether incapable of present estimation.
It therefore seems to me (hat the man who
speaks of impending failure in our financial af-
fix's is either grossly ignorant of the facts or
mischievously designs to awaken distrust and
impair public credit. I hope it is not true thata
certain class of men, disappointed and exasperated
at the success of the cause of the Union and the
progress of liberty, seek to gratify a malignant
opposition by detraction of our public men, and
an attemptto'depreciateourtruefinancial strength
and success.
The proof that we have a vast aggregate of real
wealth derived from fres>h Territoriesand an act-
ive population was made conclusive when the
trials of this war began. Our productions then
rose to their real value, and were freely distrib-
uted to other nations. Cotton and the southern
