1864.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NORTON stated that Mr. Arnold had
been called home on account of sickness in his
family.
The result of the vot£ having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question upon
the pending amendment.
Mr. PENDLETON. Would it be in order at
this time to move the previous question upon the
resolution as well as upon the pending amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It would; and it would take
priority of the demand for the previous question
on the amendment
Mr. PENDLETON. Then I call the previous
question on the resolution and the amendments.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it in order to make a re-
port from a committee of conference at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I submit a report from
the committee of conference on the internal rev-
enue bill.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses 011 the amendments to the bill (II. R. No.
322) to increase the internal revenue, and i'or other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference have been un-
able to agree.
, JOHN SHERMAN,
DANIEL CLARK,
THOMAS A. HCNDttlCKP,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
JOHN A. KASfiONj
R. P. SPALDING,
Manageis on the pait of the House,
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Vermont whether the Senate 1ms
yet acted on the report of the committee of con-
ference?
Mr. MORRILL. T do not know; but the pa-
pers are in the possession of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the committee
of confcrcnce, after a full and free discussion of
the subject, as has been reported, has been un-
able to agree. The question has reached that po-
sition that it becomes necessary for the House to
recede or lose the bill. It is one of so much im-
portance that I trust the House will consider it
dispassionately, and as a question interesting to
the whole country. .The House having made its
proposition to the Senate, the Senate is, of course,
at liberty to receive it, amend it, or reject it, as it
pleases. Both Houses agree on the main subject
of an increased tax; upon abranch of it, of minor
amount, they diifer. Shall we now lose the
whole bill because we cannotobtain ail we desire?
The Senate has been willing to dispose of this
subject in any manner that the House may see fit, j
except that it will not adopt the principle of tax- 1
ing liquors on hand. That out of the question,
there will be no disagreement between the two j
Houses. But as both my colleagues on the com- '
mittee [Messrs. Kasson and Spalding] desire to 1
speak on this question, I shall give them the I
privilege of doing so, desiring in the mean time j
to hold the floor. I shall make the motion, how- !
ever, as I now do make it, that the House leccde •
from its disagreement with the Senate. j:
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it has been the !j
earnest hope of the majority of the conference
committee on the part of the llouse that the Sen- jj
ate would take into consideration especially the I;
constitutional relations of the House to questions
of revenue. It is the duty of the House, as the j'
originating body, to ptesent to Congress the sub-
jeets of taxation, the rates of taxation, and the i!
general means by which the Government is to be '
sustained. It was our opinion, sir, that the House
ought to have a greater degree of consideration
* given to its determination respecting the articles j
that shall be subject to taxation, by way of equal- ;
izing the bunions of taxation over the country. 1
It was and is the opinion of the majority of
the conference committee on the part of the House [■
that you cannot, on any principle of justice, ex- h
empt fiom its due shaie of liability tins article of
distilled spirits on hand. It should hear,not all, !l
necessarily, but a portion of the tax to be as-
sessed on the entire su'ject, the amount bearing
a certain relation to the entire increase of value
created by the action of the Government itself in
levying that tax.
In order to explain the matter fully to the House
I ought to state the Views pressed by the majority
of the managers on our part. They were sub-
stantially and briefly these: first, that you de-
stroy the regular, legitimate, small distilling in-
terest of the^ country, or very seriously embarrass
it, by refusing to put any tax at all on the stock
on hand, and putting this largely increased tax
on every gallon to be-hereafter distilled; sec-
ondly, it was our opinion that when you raise the
tax on distilled spirits, as proposed, you ought
necessarily to protect the interest which you put
in jeopardy by that very act itself, and to pro-
tect it at least by an approximation to the princi-
ple of justice, which would be, perhaps, to im-
pose half the increased tax on distilled spirits held
as an accumulated stock of merchandise on hand.
We were willing and are willing to concede to
the Senate to the, extent of reducing the tax one
half, in order to approximate, with a due sense
of justice, what is required to sustain the relative
interests of the country in regard to this subject
of taxation.
Both these propositions have unfortunately failed
up to this time; and, as stated by the gentleman
from Vermont, the question recurs now whether
the House i-s willing to lose this bill and take its
chance of reaching a better result, on some prin-
ciple of justice, in another bill, or whether we
shall recedc and go over entirely to the proposi-
tions of the Senate.
Before the mind of the House is made up on
this subject, I call attention to the fact that the
bill proposed by the Senate for a sliding scale is
not satisfactory to the House, as shown by the
vote upon it, and that that sliding scale is itself
imperfect. Some gentlemen may have thought
it too high. I consider it in one respect too low.
And I call the attention paiticularJy of gentlemen
representing agricultural districts to the fact that
if you refuse to tax the stock of liquor on hand,
and if, in addition to that, you give no great in-
ducements to continue the manufacture up to the
1st of January, you will seriously embarrass (so
far as affected by this market) the sale of the har-
vests of the coming fall—of all the agricultural
interests that are affected by it. Every distillery
demands hogs and cattle for fattening, and con-
sumes a large amount of fuel, also furnished by
the farmers.
By the decided increase of the rate of taxation
after the 1st of January, you keep in operation
every distillery of the country, as has been done
heretofore night and day to some extent to antici-
pate this proposed increase of taxation. What
I think, therefore, it is the duty of the House to
do, if the House recedes from its disagreement as
proposed by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] is to put your tax in anticipation, on
the 1st of Januaiy, higher than is proposed by
the sliding scale of the Senate. You should put
it at such a point as to increase the revenues for
this year, for we know that the operations of our
various tax bills have failed to procure the reve-
nue anticipated and estimated for the current year.
You produce both results. You increase the reve-
nue largely by stimulating production in antici-
pation of the tax on the 1st of January, and also
produce a special market for the pioducts of the
farmer during the fall. It is for these reasons that
I think it is the duty of the House to insist 011 its
disagreement, though it may endanger the loss of ;
the bill. The icsponsibihty must rest with tiiat :
body which does not, like this House, represent
the people, but yet controls and defeats in this I
manner a measure of revenue which we originate, j
For myself I cannot justify myself to the people j
of my district and to the people of the countiy, j
when we need so many millions more than we are j
realizing from our present system of taxation, in ;
exempting from taxation an interest which bears j
it by common conscnt so easily as the interest |
which we propose to tax. j
Mr. Speaker, it is not only the opinion of the |
a°;iicuitural portions of the countiy, but of the j
commercial ccntcrs. They look with gieat sur- j
prise 011 the action of Congress in releasing the j
stock upon hand fiom taxation. I big to call the j
attention of the House, m justification of what I I
nay, to the expiession of the public journals, in j
cider that they may see the view* taken at the 1
commercial centers as well as in the rural dis-
tricts. I take the following from the New York
Herald, from an issue of that paper shortly after
the second action of the House in which ttiey re-
ceded from their'action taxing whisky on h&n£.
It reads thus:
"The Favored Class.—The Houseof Represeptatives
has decided that the favored class, to be enriched at tiie
expense of all other classes and the Treasury, shall be the
whisky speculators. Such Is the lobby power of whisky.''
From the New York Tribune I might read ex-
pressions substantially the same." They are pa-
pers representing both political parties of the coun-
try, and they may be presumed to be impartial in
their expression on this subject, so far as its par-
tisan effect is concerned.
I beg to read from the great commcrcial papers
of the Northwest. From the Chicago yimes I
read this:
" We repeat, ' who believes that with no new fact* sub-
mitted, and with the sentiment of the country overwhelm-
ingly the other way, the whisky vote can have been hon-
estly run up from thirty-three lo seventy-seven ?' Who con
doubt the character of the influences brought to bear? But
then, again, who can doubt that 'loyal Union' Congress-
men, 'engaged in the interests of God and huinanity,'have
acted honestly f"
To that the Chicago Tribune on its part says:
" Wc agree with the Chicago organ of the rebels that the
whisky vote 'could not have been honestly run up from thir-
ty-three to seventy-seven y we believe that bribery ran it up;
wc agree with the secesh concern also that the 'beniimejH
of the country was oveiwhclmingly in favor of levying the
forty cents tax on whisky in the hands of speculators.'"
Now, sir, it will not be considered for a mo-
ment that I entertain in the slightest degree any
confidence in the allegation that bribery has been
used in this House. 1 cite these articles in the
papers to show that the principal commercial cen-
ters of the country, and the commercial organs at
the leading commercial centers, insist that it is the.
duty of theJSouse to tax this article of distilled
spirits on hand.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman docs not
indorse the slanders of those papers, why does
he read them ?
Mr. KASSON. I told the gentleman why I
read them—not to indorse the intimations, but to
show their declarations, that the action proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
is not in accordance with the interests qr the
opinions of the country; and to show further that
the effect of that action will be to convince the
people of the country that improper influences
have been used. I do not suppose the people are
fully aware, away from Washington, that there
is absolute and perfect purity on the part of this
Congress!
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to give
another paragraph from the commercial centers.
Mr. KASSON. 1 saw that. It is a contribu-
tion and not an editorial.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is from a commercial
center.
Mr. KASSON. I have shown that the leading
organs of both parties at the leading commercial
points of the country do notjustify but condemn
the course of Congress in exempting from the
operation and burdens of taxation an interest so
large as that of distilled spirits in question. It is
for that object, and that object only, that I have
cited these extracts. No gentleman lias heard me
make an imputation, and I make none,and I read
from the papers only for the purpose 1 have stated.
That, I trust, gentlemen will fully understand.
The question recurs whether we shall abandon
the bill by insisting on our disagreement, or
whether we shall recede from our disagreement
and take the tax that the Senate are willing to give
us on whisky.
For the reasons I have already stated, and for
the further reason that when a new bill is intro-
duced into the House you may settle that bill ac-
coiding to the original theory, with a higher mte
of tax, and carry the tax back to the date when
the bill was presented by the Comuntieeof Ways
and Means, for example to the 12th of January,
a point to which the Senate might agree, I think
it the duty of the House to-insist upon its dis-
agreement, and to endeavor, at least, to make this
whole interest bear its fair share of the burdens
of the Government m the best form in which it
can be piovided for in a new bill.
For these reasons, in addition to what my col-
league [Mr. Spalding] may have to say upon the
