m'4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
subject, I have deemed it my duty, in concurrence
with him, to ask the House to insist upon its dis-
agreement, and consequently to reject the propo-
sition made by the gentleman from "Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill.)
Mr. SPALDING. When some weeks ago the
proposition came from the gentleman from New
York, on the other side of the House, [Mr. Fer-
nanda Wood,] to place a duty upon spirits on
hand, the proposition met instantaneously my ap-
probation, not because I had any peculiar anxiety
to favor the source from whence the proposition
emanated, but because I supposed it to be in
itsdf eminently just and proper. Since then I
havegiven this subject my bestattention in listen-
ing to the many arguments which have been made
upon this bill pro and con. upon this exciting sub-
feet. r have attended tiie committee of confer-
ence between the two Houses; and 1 have there
heard a portion of the same arguments again; and
I can say, as the conclusion of the whole matter,
so far as I am concerncd, that I speak under a
high sense of my responsibility to this country
when I advise this House to be true to itself, and
adhere to the position which it has heretofore
maintained upon this subject. I do this with all
duo respect for the other body in this Congress;
but I think the best interests of this country in
this great exigency require that we should render
available ail property which may be productive of
duty; and I know of none which will bear it more
easily than this liquor now on hand.
Why, Mr. Speaker, this is a revenue bill,and
appropriation bills originate in this popular branch
of Congress. As one feature of that revenue bill,
we sought to impose a duty upon this liquor
on hand. We first passed the bill. It went to
the other branch of Congress. They saw proper
to strike out that proposition, and the question is
now whether we shall recede from -the position
we first assumed, or whether the Senate shall give
way from theiramendment striking outourprop-
osition of taxing this property. There can be no
two minds differing in tins House upon the sub-
ject of the necessities of the country for all the
duties that we can raise upon this article, whether
it be presentor prospective.
Now we are told by some that the duty pro-
posed fo be laid upon liquors on hand would raise
u revenue of from four to five million dollars. I
have been told by men who profess to be better
versed in the matter than myself that that Revenue
would be nearer twenty-five or thirty millions
than four or five millions. Furthermore wo are
told that we shall ruin the manufacturers of the
article by imposing a duty on liquor on hand.
Will not a fair investigation show to any sensible
mind that the reverse of this in all probability will
be the case ? it cannot admit of a doubt that so
soon as Congress shall have passed a bill impos-
ing a duty of from fifty cents to one dollar upon
all liquoia to be manufactured hereafter, the liquor
on hand will at once adjust its price to the taxes
thus prospectively laid. Hence the holders—some
call them speculators—the holders of this prop-
erty which thus receives the benefit of the law
which we are about to enact, putting a prospective j
duty upon all liquor to be manufactured, will at J
once have the benefit of the rise of the market; and 1
will not manyof them realize largcfortunes? The I
distillers are to be taxed on what they manufdc- j
ture hereafter; and may not many of the large j
manufacturers, who by the operation of this bill i
upon the liquors on hand realize their hundicd, I
two hundred, or five hundred thousand dollars,
think propertosay, "Let the distilleries bcclosed
hereafter; we have realized our gain by the re-
missness of Congress to tax this property on hand,
and we will be careful how we manufacture any
more to meet the increased duties to bo hereafter
imposed;" and hence the public will be disap-
pointed again, as they have been heretofore, in the
amount of revenue to be realized from the impo-
sition of a tax upon the manufacture of this ar-
ticle.
Mr. Speaker it is said to be against public
policy, if not against previous precedents, to im-
pose a tax upon an article manufactured when
that article has once been taxed in the process of
manufacture. Sir, we are living in times when
"precedents must give way to the public interests.
We are called upon every day to make appro-
priations here for the public benefit, and the in-
quiry comes up in tones of thunder, from whence
are you to derive the means to supply all these
vast appropriations? I say to this House that if
you let this tax upon the whisky on hand gt) by,
it will not be many days before you will be met
with abillemanating from theCommittee ofW%ys
and Means to tax the lands of the small farmers
of the country; and in view of that, I ask gentle-
men to pause before they agree to the position
taken by the Senate to leave this article out of the
scale of taxation.
I hope, sir, that the House will vote down the
proposition to recede, and in place thereof vote to
adhere to the position which they have thus far
so well sustained before the country.
Mr. MORRILL resumed the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me for about ten minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield the gentleman
ten minutes of my time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I intend to
vote for the motion to recede on the part of the
House and accept the bill of the Senate, and I
propose to make a remark or two in explanation
of that vote.
I am one of those among the members upon
this floor who, approving the object and the gen-
eral character of the bill as it was first reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, voted
for the bill, voted for it in its various stages, and
have continued to vote for it, believing, as I do,
that it is founded upon the true principle of tax-
ation, and that the attempt to amend it so as to
extend the tax from manufactured articles not
hitherto taxed to the stock on hand which has
heretofore been subject to taxation, is in violation
of the principles of legislation which we ought
to observe.
Now, sir, I consider this as a new question, and
I believe, fiom the remaiks that my colleague
[Mr. Spalding] has just made, that perhaps I
do not differ much from the gentlemen who take
a different view of this subject, or at least vote
upQn a different side of the question, in entertain-
ing that conclusion, for my colleague has just re-
marked that it is necessary not to adhere to pre-
cedents, but to put precedents out of the way in
consideration of the necessities of the country.
Sir, you would be abandoning precedents if you
should undertake to pile tax upon tax, and thus
interfere with and discourage the production of
manufactures and impoi tations into the country.
This whole matter, as it strikes my mind, is
simply this, a question between raising or other-
wise changing the tax which you impose upon a
particular production, andapplying it to that pro-
duction which has not been heretofore taxed, thus
keeping faith with the citizens of the country and
the manufacturers of the country in regard to all
taxes previously imposed, or of abandoning that
faith, and, not satisfied with taxing that which may
heicafter be produced, extending the tax and
piling it again up6n that which has previously been
the subject of taxation. That is the simple propo-
sition of the House hill, and it is because I believe
that there is a violation of principle in adopting
any such course that I have from the beginning
sustained the Committee of Ways and Means
upon this subject.
Gentlemen say you may tax and repeat your
tax. I do not deny the power of Congress to do
so. It is the question of the expediency and pro-
priety of the exercise of that power, as it regards
due consideration of the rights and interests of
the citizens of the country, of which I speak. I
know that after having once imposed an impost
duty you may repeat that impost duty, though it
might often be attended with some inconvenience
to do so. Having imposed an excise duty, you
may repeat that excise duty upon the same ar-
ticle; but I hold that if you do so it is in violation
of the confidence which you endeavored to culti-
vate in the citizens, that they might understand,
when they had once met their obligations to the
Government, whether they had done with these
obligations and stood acquitted or not.
You may reach, it is said, the stock of spirits on
hand, as you can do, and you may reach it justly
and without any breach of faith. You may tax
the capital employed in the trade; you may im-
pose a tax on the income; you may levy a tax for
the use of the article. But I am speaking now
not of any tax of that character, but of an excise
duty Itiid for the purpose of operatingasalicense
for the production or manufacture of the article,
or for. the bringing of the article into the country.
The gentleman from Iowa has said that when you
impose a tax on liquors distilled in the country it
operates against distillation,unless you go fuither
and tax all that has been previously distilled and
taxed.
What is there in that argument that does not
apply with precisely the same force and to the
same extent to any impost duty on any article
brought by ships into the country? Dry goods
are imported, hardware is imported. You im-
pose upon them a duty of twenty, thirty, or forty
per cent., as the case may be. The moment you
increase that duty the same clamor may be raised,
"Oh, the tax operates on these dry goods, on this
hardware, on these articles heretofore imported,
and it gives an advantage to those who have stocks
on hand. You must follow those stocks into the
private warehouse, into the public store, and put
on the increased tax for the protection of the im-
porter." And yet, Mr. Speaker, nobody ever
thought of doing such a thing. When you have
once laid an impost duty on goods brought into
the country for sale, you thereby make a decla-
ration to importers, not only at home but abroad,
that they may safely trade on the faith of the
United States and bring their goods here, as that
is the amount of tax to be imposed upon them.
If those goods are afterwards to be followed up
whenever the condition of the country is sup-
posed to require it and made to pay an increased
rate of duties, w"ho will be found to import goods
into the country on the faith of laws that have no
consistency, no security, no certainty, that are
made to vary from time to time in this manner
at the mere caprice of a majority in the legisla-
tive body?
That which is true in that regard of imported
goods is no less true of goods produced m the
country and paying the duties imposed on them.
The payment of those duties is the license which
the Government charges for the production of the
particular article. This does not prevent the Gov-
ernment from afterwards increasing the duty. It
does not prevent the Government from levying
income tax on the profits of the business. It does
not prevent the increase of tax on articles em-
ployed in the business. But it is a declaration to
the world that so far as that particular production
is concerned, you have claimed from the producer
all that you require for the support of the Gov-
ernment, as his payment for the privilege of pro-
ducing.
Now, sir, for standing by this old, well-known,
established practice of the Government, for stand-
ing by this system which the gentleman from
Iowa himself [Mr. Kasson] says is the precedent,
gentlemen are assailed on all hands, as if, for-
sooth, they had proposed something new and
heretofore unknown in the land. So far from be-
ing innovators, so far from proposing some new
principle, so far from advancing n. novelty, I
ciaim that the Committee of Ways and Moans
and those members of the House who have sus-
tained the committee, have wisely adhered to the
old, fixed principles of taxation,and should not be
driven from their position by any clamor, even
though that clamor be about whisky.
This article o'f spirits seems to have inflamed
the minds of gentlemen. I have sat silent all the
way through; I have not opened my lips on the
subject before. But I felt that I could not say
less than I now do. When I sec newspapers
through the land, and gentlemen here—who are
ashamed to indorse what the newspapers say, and
yet feel it becoming the dignity of the House and
of themselves to read those scurrilous articles—
charging everybody who adheres to an old prin-
ciple of taxation with being corrupt, with being
bought up by whisky speculators, I feel it due to
myself and to others occupying the same position
to repel and denounce that charge as an infamous
and scandalous one, unwoithy of those who make
it, and unworthy to be repeated here.
.The SPEAKER. The time of the gentleman
from Ohio has expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to say simply this: the gentleman has
referred to comments of the newspapers of the
country upon this as a strange and anomalous
position. The newspapers in my district have
