1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
made comments of this character. Bat, sir, I
think the newspapers are wrong. And, whether
the newspapers think me wrong or not, while act-
ing from my sober sense of duty in this matter,
so help me God,I will vote according to my con-
victions, whether it is in accordance with their
opinions or not.
Mr. MORRILL resumed the floor.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. I have agreed to yield five
minutes of my time to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] and I do not think I am justi-
fied in yielding further. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say upon this
subject that I have steadily voted in favor of tax-
ing the spirits on hand since this matter has been
before the House, and I have given my reasons
for thus voting.
I have said, and I repeat now, that there is no
one article that will bear taxation as well as the
article of spirits. I read in accounts of the system
of taxation in Great Britain, where, perhaps, the
tax system has been more perfectly systematized
than in any other country in the world, that
£65,000,000 are raised by internal taxation upon
everydescription ofproperty,of which<£35,O0O,OOO
are raised upon four articles, one ofwhich is spirits,
another tobacco, another tea, and another sugar in
its various forms. And I know that these articles
will bear taxation more than aft other articles.
This very day, as I understand, in England a
gallon of spirits pays a tax of $3 18 in our cur-
rency, And yet there is no less manufactured
and no less consumed than was consumed years
ago, when the tax was much lighter.
Sir, I have steadily advocated and I still advo-
cate a heavy tax upon this" article. I wish it had
been made heavier than even is proposed in this
bill. But what has been the course of our legis-
lation here? We have consistently voted to tax
the stock on hand, and have pressed that propo-
sition upon the Senate to the extent of our power.
But from some cause the majority of forty with
which we started out has, in the presence of va-
lious influences, dwindled down. I have never
said, nor do I now say, that any man has been
suborned, or that any man in this House has
been bribed; and no consideration of fear of be-
ing charged with bribery would deter me from
voting in this matter as I believe to be just and
right/
But I call the attention of gentlemen in this
House with whom I have all along acted in this
matter to the condition in which the biil is now
presented to us to-day. The interests of the coun-
try require that we should furnish means by
which the public revenue shall be increased. The
committees which we have appointed to repre-
sent the wishes of a majority of the House in our
conferences with the Senate have not been able
tocomc to any agreement with that body. The
House refused to concur in the report of the first
committee. The second committee failed to agree.
The third committee in like manner have failed
to agree, and now the question arises, shall we
kill the biil by still adhering to our proposition,
or shall we yield to the position of th,e Senate?
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe it is wise or pa-
triotic in us to destroy the whole bill, with much
that is valuable in it, because we cannot get in it
all that we desire. For myself, while I do not
abate one jot or tittle of my opinions as to the
wisdom or propriety of taxing the stock on hand,
I am now in favor of concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate. And I wish it to be dis-
tinctly understood that m taking that position I
do it solely on the ground that if we allow the
delay that will occur by killing this bill and in
getting up a new bill and passing it, we shall
waste more money than we should save by insist-
ing upon our point in n new bill. I believe there
is no hope of carrying our point with the Senate.
They have, by a majority of more than two to
one, insisted upon their original action in this
respect, and it does not seem to me that, having
in view the whole interests of the country, we
ought longer to hold out in this issue between the
two Houses. I shall therefore vote to concur in
the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL took the floor.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Vermont to yield to mo for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. I would be glad to accom-
modate my colleague, but I have declined to yield
to gentlemen on the other side of the House, and
therefore am not at liberty to do so.
Mr. Speaker, this question has been so thor-
oughly discussed that I do not propose to discuss
the merits of the proposition to any great extent.
I have in the coursc of my experience found the
members of the House on all questions of reve-
nue, when they came to a final vote, treat them
fairly; but of all questions which have been be-
fore Congress, this proposition, I confess, is the
one that has generated most heat. Gentlemen
seem unwilling to listen to argument or to change
opinion under any circumstances or under any
state of facts. They both vote and talk for vic-
tory, reckless of principle or policy.
Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to call the attention of
the House to the condition of the bill, provided
my motion to recede from our disagreement to
the Senate is agreed to. If the motion prevails,
it will leave a tax of sixty cents a gallon upon all
manufactured from thistimeupto the Istof July;
after that, and up to the 1st of January, 1865, it
will impose a tax of seventy cents per gallon; then
it will impose a tax of eighty cents per gallon.
It will be seen by this exposition of the bill that
it will raise, provided our consumption is as it
has been computed to be, seventy million gallons
a year, $14,000,000 per annum, after January
next; more than the bill would as it was sent to
the Senate from the House. We have already
lost perhaps twice the amount of revenue that is
the subject of dispute between the two Houses.
If we had passed the bill at the time it was intro-
duced we should have gained certainly' much
more than any one now proposes to collect from
those who have the article on hand, and have al-
ready paid ail the tax the Government has re-
quired upon it.
But, sir, this proposition of levying a tax upon
the stock on hand is an experiment, at the very
best. It has never been attempted before in this
or in any other country. I know that it was as-
serted the other day thatit had been done in Eng-
land, but when we came to refer to the English
statutes we found that the tax was upon spirits
in free warehouses, which had never before been
subject to tax at all. Is it not better for us that
we follow the examples of taxation and the ex-
perience of our own Government, as well as that
of others, rather than to try this new policy about
which there are so wide differences of opinion?
As I have said on a former occasion it is imprac-
ticable to enforce it. By the provision of the bill
there is no limit as to the minimum quantity to
be taxed. Itreaches, theoretically, the smallest
as well as the largest quantity on hand. Prac-
tically I think it would never touch either ex-
treme. If this were to go into operation it would
include not only what are called speculators, but
the regular merchants engaged in their legitimate
business. It taxes the man who is compelled to
keep a stock upon hand to supply his customers.
He has not bought it for the purpose of unusual
speculation, but to supply the demands of his
customers; and unless he can realize the amount
of the tax he will be subject to great loss.
In many cases the notoriety of our intention to
put a tax upon the stock on hand has increased
the price, and these parties have bought at h large
advance upon what they would otherwise have
had to pay. If we levy this tax in ma^iy of the
commercial cities of the country it would pro-
duce disastrous results upon persons who hold
stocks thus accumulated. Others have bought
for exportation, and the foreign demand having
suddenly ceased, are thus caught with stocks on
hand at high prices, for which there is now no sale.
If we levy it at all, we levy such a tax upon the
t assumption that the party has been benefited by
' the rise in the price to the extent of the duty. But
that cannot be true. The value will not be in-
1 creased to the extent of the duty. And for this
! reason, that the country holds more than is
wanted for consumption. Therefore we ought to
have, if we intend to be just, a commissioner to go
about and find the exact profit made by these so-
called speculators, and grab that and no more.
! { Some will have made something and others noth-
j ing. Some will make three, five, ten, or possibly
'I twenty cents per gallon. There would be a mam-
>j feat injustice in levying forty cents upon those
ii who only have made three or five.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am mainly opposed to this
measure because it is a new principle. If we are
to adopt it in regard to this matter, why not,in
regard to every other article? Why should we
not adopt it in regard to leather, iron, cotton, wool,
and every other article which we subject to tax-
ation ?
The Senate committee were unanimous in press-
ing upon us—whatever their individual opinions
might be with regard to taxing the stock on hand,
they were unanimous in urging upon us as a duty
that this bill should notbe lost. I make an earnest
appeal to the House that we may recede from our
disagreement, and allow the bill to become a law.
The Government is in need of the money. I do
not think we ought to allow pride of opinion or
anything else to stand henfso longhigghngabout
so small a matter, and allow so large an amount
of revenue to escape. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to withdraw the call for the previous
question for five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL. There are so many gentle-
men asking for the same thing on all sides, that I
must decline to withdraw the call.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main queslion ordered to be put.
Mr. BRANDEGEE demanded the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the motion to recede.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 71; as follows:
YUAS—Messi*. James C. Allen. Ancona, Baily,Francis
P. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Broomall, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Dennison, Fenton,
Finck, Garfield, Hall, Harding,Harrington, Iligby, dolman*
Hooper, William Johnson, KelJey, Knapp, Law, Lazear,
Loan, Mallory, Marvin, McXndoe, Middleton, William H.
Miller, Morrill, James R. Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Noble, Chailes O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Schenek, Scott, Shan-
non, Smith, Smithers, Starr, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stu-
art, Thayer, Van Valkenburgli, Voorhees, Wheefer, Wil-
der, and Woodbridgc—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley,
Augustu^U. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, jjeaman,
Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Brandegee, James S. Brown,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, C!ay,Coffiotb, Dawes, Dom-
ing, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eden, Eldridge.Ehot, Frank,
i Gaiison,GriuneII, Hale. Charles M.Harris, Hernck, Ilotch-
I kiss, AsahPl W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Jcncke*, Ju-
lian, Kalbfleisch, ICasson, Francis W. Kellogg, Otlando
Kelfogg, Kernan, Longyertr, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorliead, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers, Norton,
Peiham, Pike, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II.
Rice, John H.Rice, James S. Rollins,Ross,Seofield,Spal-
ding, Stcbbins, John B. Steele, Thomas, Tracy, Wads-
worth, Ward, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Williams, Wilson, and Windoin—71^
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DRIGGS stated that lie had paired off with
Mr. Lovejoy, otherwise he would have voted in
the negative.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRI3NNELL. I move that the House
insist upon its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate, and request another committee of
conference.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House ad-
here to its disagreements.
The SPEAKER. The motion to insist, and
ask another committee of conference, will take
precedence of the motion to adhere.
Mr. GRINNELL. I make my motion, be-
cause I believe this matter can be compromised
without waiting six weeks.
Mr. STEVENS. That cannot be done.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for tellers upon the mo-
tion to insist.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
adhere to its disagreement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. KNAPP, (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
