1861
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffl
clerks are kept so unemployed? Why are they
not discharged ?
Mr. BROWN. I cannot tell you that, sir; but
I understand that to be the fact; at least, that is
the information I have on the subject.
I will state furthermore that the same reason
which applies to the preparing of statistics at all
applies with still greater force to their being pre-
pared accurately and upon some scientific basis.
According to the present distribution under which
the statistics are made they have a purely ficti-
tious nomenclature that enables no one to form
any true opinion as to the wealth or the indus-
trial attitude of the different sections of the coun-
try. For instance, who can tell what the middle
States mean? I cannot; nor can anybody else.
We can all tell what the Mississippi valley means,
what the Atlantic basin means, and what the
other basin means. It is simply to conform or
to make a beginning for the conformation of our
future reports under that system that I desire this
resolution adopted.
I will say to the Senator from Iowa that when
the report comes back to us, if it is of such a char-
acter as to involve expense in the printing of it
not commensurate with any benefit likely to re-
sult from it I shall be the last to press any motion
to print it; but I do ask that the resolution may
be entertained and passed, and that the informa-
tion desired may be had.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to refer this resolution
to the Committee on Finance. I understand that
it has not received the consideration of any com-
mittee, and I think that a question of this im-
portance ought to come to us with the indorse-
ment and recommendation of a committee. I do
not concur in the suggestion of the Senator from
Missouri—I do not know that it was exactly his
suggestion, but that might be one of the conclu-
sions that would follow from what he said—that
we should pass this lesolution for the purpose
of furnishing employment to present unoccupied
clerks of the Census Bureau; and then I am op-
posed to the proposition in itself, if I understand
what it is.
I understand that the purpose is to have a kind
of sectional census made, and we are to have some
portions of the United.Statcs classified by them-
selves, as the New England States, or the eastern
portion; another as the western portion; another
as the valley of the Mississippi. I do not want
to see any such returns sent to Congress or dis-
seminated among the'people. I would, if I could,
impress upon the people of my State that they
are a partof every portion of the Union, andalso,
as is suggested to me by my friend from Connec-
ticut, [Mr, Foster,] thatevcry part of the Union
is a portion of them.
I am satisfied with the census report as it is;
but if the Committee on Finance see fit to recom-
mend that the officers of the Government be em-
ployed m getting up such a census report as is
now pioposed, I shall be satisfied, but not as at
picsent informed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed tot
INTERNAL REVENUE.
A messnge from the House of Representatives?,
by Mr.McPiiKRSON,usClerk,announced that the
House adhered to its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate, insisted on by the Senate, to
the hill (H. R. No. 1:22) to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes.
Mr. SIIERMAjN. I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing \otes of the two Houses upon the bill to in-
ctewse the internal re\enue.
The report was read, as follows:
The ••imiinittPcofroiifpiPiK'' on the votp^ of
th<% iwo Ilous.r* Oil the aniendmeiiN to Tim bill (H. U. No.
to increase the mtorri.il revenue, nnd lor <>thei pm-
p<having met, after lull mul iret; conference iun e licen
un^Iih' t'"> nyi""0.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill was sent to the
House of It"presentatives on the report of the
committee* of conference of their disagreement, and
the disagreement poenif to be permanent. Tlx le
aie but three eouises now open to he pursuit! in
O)<!• r l.  ui^pose of this fjui'-uion If wo r<dhne,
1 undeist.iiul the House of Repiefu nt.itu rs ha -?
done, that defeats the bill, and the i-fleet will be-
as a matter of course to lose the revenue we hope
to derive from the tax on manufactured spirits
from this time until another bill can be origin-
ated m the House of Representatives and passed
through the forms of legislation. The second
course is to haveanother committee of conference.
With the experience we have already had with
three committees of conference, I am satisfied it
will be idle to move for the appointment of an-
other committee of conference. The House of
Representatives seems to have taken its definite
position on this question, and the Senate also the
other day by its vote decided its course. It is
impossible, therefore, to come to an agreement by
another committee of conference; and I will now
propose a method, which I do not very well like,
but which I think is the best we can do, and that
is that the Senate recede from its amendments
which have been disagreed to by the House of
Representatives. I will explain briefly and clearly
the pffect of this motion if it shall be agreed to.
The effect will be to immediately pass the bill.
The bill will then provide for a tax, on whisky
manufactured after its passage and prior to the
1st of July next of sixty cents on each and every
gallon; but there will be no duty after the 1st of
July, and consequently further legislation will be
requned to provide a tax on whisky manufactured
after the 1st of July. On the other hand, if the
Senate recede from these amendments to which
the House of Representatives have disagreed, it
leaves standing in the bill this incongruous pro-
vision which Senators should understand:
" And that upun all spirits imported prior to the passage
of this net, there shall be levied,collected,and paid an ad-
ditional tax of fotty cent* p^rgallon. to collected under
the direction and according to the regulations established
by the Secretary of the Treasury."
If my motion be adopted, the Senate must un-
derstand that there will be no tax upon domestic
spirits on hand, but this provision will be in the
bill levying a tax of forty cents additional upon
imported spirits on hand. This is an unjust pro-
vision; but upon reflection we deem it better, in
order to secure the tax on manufactured whisky
in future, m order to pass the bill, to leave this
incongruity in it, in the hope that Congress will
immediately repeal it; and a resolution will be
introduced into the Senate,as soon as this is dis-
posed of, with a view to repeal this incongruous
provision.
I make this plain statement to the Senate as
briefly as I can, m order that they may &ee the
effect of the motion I submit that the Senate re-
cede from the amendments which have been dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, with
a view to secure the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio that the Senate lecede from its dis-
agreement.
Mr. DAVIS. I will thank the Chair to state
precisely what question will thence presented to
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jhat is the only
question. ^
Mr. DAVIS. But what is the disagreement?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not for the
Chair to state what the various amendments are.
The Chair understood the Senator from Ohio to
say that there were three points on which there
was a disagreement, and he has explained them.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is not asking too much, I
ask the Secretary to read the points of disagree-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Kentucky
will allow me, I will endeavor to state what will
be the provisions of the bill and the points of dif-
ference.
Mr. DAVIS. I would rather that the writing
itselfsnould explain it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 was going to make an expla-
nation, because 1 thought you would not get it
cleaily from the mere reading.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the writing will ex-
plain it as cleaily as the Senator can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
o:t which the two branches have disagreed will
be lead by the Secretary.
The Sr.cR.iiTary« The amendments non-con-
ninod in by*the Houseof Ropieseutatives areih^
[luiii, fifteenth, and MXteenth amendments of the
JSeluUvi.
The third amendment is as follows:'
On page 1, line ten, after the word "gallon," insert:
And upon all liquors thatinay bed jstiHed after the j)ass^^e
of this act, and fold,or removed forc<m^umptioiiOr sale,on
and .after the 1st day of July next, and previous lo the 1st
day of January next, seventy ciyits on each and every gat-
Ion; and on all liquors that may be rfistilied after the pas-
sage of this act, and sold, or removed tor consumption or
sale, on and after the 1ft day of January nest, eighty cents
o« each and every gallon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senate agrees with
the House to strike that out.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be the effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate re-
cede.
The Secretary read the fifteenth amendment of
the Senate, which was on page 10, line eight, after
the word "gallon,"to strike out the woids,14 and
no lower rate of duty shall be levied or collected
than upon the basis of first proof, "and to insert,
"all such spirits imported."
The Secretary read the sixteenth amendment,
which was on page 10 to strike out all after the
word "proof" in line eleven to the end of the
section, as follows:
And that upon all such spirits imported prior to the pas-
sage of this act there shall be levied, collected, and paid an
additional tax of forty cents per gallon, to be collected un-
der the direction and according to tlie regulations estab-
lished by the Seeietary of the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are the three
amendments upon which the two branches have
disagreed; and the question is upon the Senate re-
ceding from these amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Ohio explain the second disagreement?
Mr. SHERMAN. The second amendment of
the Senate disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives was with a view to put the same tax
on imported spiiits after the 1st of July as was
put on domestic spirits manufactured after the 1st
of July. To that amendment of the Senate the
House of Representatives disagreed, and I now*
propose to recede from it. The effect of that will
be to impose a tax of sixty cents on foreign spirits
imported prior to the 1st of July, and none after
thai, precisely on the same footing as the domes-
tic spirits.
I will again repeat in a few words, so that Sen-
ators may not misunderstand this matter, for it is
rather peculiar, the effect of the bill, which will be
simply to provide a tax on whisky to be manu-
factured before the 1st of July, and fix no tax on
that either to be manufactured or imported after
the 1st of July except the twenty cents provided
by the internal revenue act; to strike out the tax
on domestic spiiits upon hand; and to leave in the
tax upon ppints upon hand which have been im-
ported from abroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator to
say that what is on hand now is not taxed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not unless it has been im-
ported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion that the Senate recede.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. 1 think from inquiries which
are made that Senators do not fully understand
how the law will be if we pass the biil in the shape
now proposed. At the present time, as Senators
know, there is a tax of twenty cents a gallon im-
posed on whisky manufactured, as it is manu-
! factured. The House of Representatives pro-
I posed by the bill to impose a tax of sixty cents
j on the manufactured -aitide to be manufactured
I hereafter, and also a tax of forty cents on the arti-
cle which has ah endy been manufactured and is
on hand. The Senate struck out of the bill the
provision for taxing spirits on hand, and when it
went back to the other House that House agreed
to that amendment of the Senate and left all tax-
ation on domestic spirits upon hand out of the
hill entnely; and whatever may be the action of
i the Senate you cannot restore any tax upon do-
mestic spirits on hand by the action of this body.
It fs concluded and out of the bill.
The House of Representatives proposed to lay
| a tax of sixty cents a gallon upon all domestic
i spiiits manufactured after this time. The Senate
1 amended it so as to lay a duty of sixty cents up
to the 1st of July, and from July to January sev-
enty cents, and after the 1st of January next
' eghty cents, making a sliding scale. To I hat
■ amendment m part the House of Representatives
