,940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Vermont, under Hie act of March. 18,1818. In his decla-
• ration made.on the 28th day of liecember. 1820, he declares
that !)<=  was then fifty-seven j-uars of age, and fit a bubse-
quent declaration he states that he was born in the town
of Barre, State of Massachusetts. ^
- Very respcctfullj, yours,
JOSEPH H. BARTiETT,
, ' . Commissioner.
Hon. John Law, Ho.,use of Representatives. ,
The resolutions submitted by, Mr., Law were
. then read; and agreed tp, as foijows:;
• Resolve#, That.the thaaKs' Of this House be, and are
hereby, tendered to ,U o gaUunt surviving soldiers of the
Revolution','twelve in nutjjber, now on (he pension rolls in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, for their ser-
' vices in the revolutionary war, by which our independence
was-achieved ao<\ our liberty obtained, aud we siucerely
rejoice in the decrees of Providence which have thus far
pfotiacted their lives beyond the allotted period of man,
aud enabled them in their declining years to receive fiom
the Government a sum of money as pensioners, which, if
_ Hot as large as desired by them, wiUut least help to smooth
^Ue'rugged path oflife in their descent to the tomb.
Resolved, 71hat copies of this resolution, when adopted
• by the House, be sigm d by the Speaker and certified bv the
Clerk, and a copy of the game be furnished to each of the
revolutionary pensioners mentioned in the letter of the
Commissioner of,Pensions this day submitted.
IUIODA WOLCOTT.
Mr. HERRICK, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
• of Rhoda Wolcott, widow of Henry Wolcott;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. HOLMAN. ■ It seems to me that this bill
is in reference to a verv old transaction, and that
it ought to be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. KERNAN. It is an eminently just bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a. third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HERRICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAH WHITNEY AND MARY IIUGGERFOBD.
Mr. EDEN, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah Whitney and Mary Huggerford, children
ofHuIdah Butler; which was read a first and
sccond time.
Mr. HOLMAN. That bill makes an appro-
priation, and must go to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. EDEN. I hope that the gentleman from
Indiana will not persist in his objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have examined this case,
and think it ought to be referred.
The bill was referred to the Committer, of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ESTHEU P. FOX.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting an invalid pension
to Esther P. Fox, widow of Augustus C. Fox;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill and report were read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiul lime; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask: unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds House bill No. 255, grant-
ing certain privileges to the Guardian Society of
the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The bill is of a public char-
acter and makes an appropriation, and requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. ELIOT. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It is not an appropria-
tion bill.
The SPEAKER. On examination the Chair
discoveis that the bill does not technically make
an appropriation, but it is of a public character.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I object.
INSPJCOTOKS OP CUSTOMS.
Mr. KENTON. I ask unanimous consent of
.the House to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means House bill No. 66, to increase
the compensation of inspectors .of customs in cer-
tain ports.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
H. R. CROSBIE.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of H. R. Crosbie;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
leport, ordered to be piiuted.
PAYMENT OF OHIO MILITIA.
Mr. HALE,from the same committee,reported
a bill to provide for the payment of the second
regiment of the third brigade Ohio volunteer mili-
tia during the time they were mustered into the
service of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
J. J. BULOW.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of the heirs of J. J. Bulow
for presentation to the Court of Claims.
JOIIN T. IIILDRETII.
Mr. HALE, from .the Committee of Claims,
moved that that committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition and pa-
pers of John T.IIildreth, and that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw them.
The motion was agreed to.
GUSTAVUS A. BELZER.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims to report back this
memorial to the House,and ask to be discharged
from its fuitlier consideration, and that the me-
morial be laid on the table.
The memorialist asks for compensation for
property belonging to him as a sutler in the army
of the Potomac, destroyed by the rebels, amount-
ing in value to jj3,097. The loss of the property
and the loyalty of the memorialist are clearly es-
tablished; and, indeed, there is one part of the
oflicial evidence before the committee that peculi-
arly recommends Mr. Belzerto favor. Indorsed
on a letter written by him to the President, is the
following:
This man wants to work; so uncommon a want tliat I
think it ou^ht to be gratified. I shall be obliged to any head
of a bureau or Department who can and will find work lor
hitn. A. LINCOLN.
Januaiy%3} 1865.
Yet this peculiar and flattering commendation
docs not relieve the committee. If Congress shall
pay for damages done and property seized by our
own troops, the public burdens will he sufficient
without adding the enormous destruction and cap-
ture of property made by the rebel forces. The
committee have theiefoie been compelled to dis-
regard the wishes of this meritorious citizen who
was willing to work.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH C. G. KKNNEDY.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committeeof Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph C. Or. Ken-
nedy; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, With the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
KEV. W. B. MATCIIETT.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a joint resolution for the relief of Rev. W.
13. Matchett,and asked that it be put upon its pas-
sage.
i The joint icsolution was read. It authorizes
i and directs the Paymaster Gem-ial of the United
States to pay to W. B. Mdtchett the amount due
him as chaplain tenth regiment New York vol-
uMen s, from the time he was last paid to the time
the regiment was mustered out of service.
Mr. HOLMAN. This chaplain has not been
able to obtain the balance of pay due to him, on
account of some irregularity in the mustering.
The joint resolution ought to pass.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en- j
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed, |
it was accoidmgiy read the third time, and passed, i
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CITIZENS OF INDIANA AND OHIO.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass,an act for the relief of citizens of Indiana and
Ohio; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
ENROLLMENT OF STEAM-TUGS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 39) to authorize the enroll-
menland license of the steam-tugs B. F. Davidson
and W. K. Muir, and asked that it be put upon
its passage.
. The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Ij. F. CARTER.
Mr. HIGBY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, witli a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (8. No. 19) for the relief of
L. P. Cartee, and asked that it be put upon its
passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to pay to L. P.
Cartee §3,033 50 for services performed in surveys
of the public lands in Oregon in excess of his con-
tract with the surveyor general of Oregon, dated
October 14, 1860; but before any payment is made,
the work peiformed by him is to be tested in the
field by actual examination, under the direction
of the surveyor general of Oregon, and any cor-
rection made necessary to make itconformable to
the lawsof the United States and the instiuctions
governing the surveys of the public lands at his
expense, and the balance only of the appropria-
tion is to be paid him after deducting the expense
of inspection and correction, and when the cer-
tificate of the surveyor general of Oregon is filed
with the Commissioner of the General Land Qf-
fice that the survey is complete according to the
law and regulations governing public surveys.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. B. TVOOLF AND OTHERS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the petition of J.B. Woolf
and otliers, and asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
It was so ordered.
MISSOURI LAND ENTRIES.
Mr.JMlLLER, of New York, reported back,
with a'recommendation that it do pass, a bill (H.
II. No. 217) to confiim certain entries of land in
the State of Missouri; and asked that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill svas road. It confirms certain entries
of land in the State of Missouri heretofore made
under the graduation act of August 4, 1854, in
township forty-five north, range nine west, south
of Missouri river, in the district of lands subject
to sale at St. Louis, Missouri; provided that the
act shall not apply to any entry of land on which
there was an actual settler other than the pur-
chaser at the date of such entry.
Mr, HOLMAN. I think that that bill should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole House
I on the Private Calendar.
Mr. MILLER, of New Yoik. I ask the gen-
! tleman to listen to the reading of the report. The
j bill has the unanimous lndoisement of the Com-
j mitteeon Public Lands,asitliashad of th<> former
j Commissioner. I think if the gentleman fromln-
| diana will listen to the reading of the report, he
; will make no objection to the passage of the bill,
i Mr. HOLMAN. 1 understand that this is one
I of the cases to confirm the title to lands entered
under tbegiwduntion actof 1654. Of course I will
not make any motion until I hear the report read.
The report was read, as also the folio wing letter
from a former Commissioner of the Land Office:
General Lanx> Officf, */lpril 6, 18G0.
Sir: T have tho honor to return herewith the letter of
James y. Lattglilm cl aZ., and the poiifiorj ot' YVtiliam L.
Jenkins and nine other citizens of Osage county, Mis&ouii,
