1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[►mi ing for flift confirmation of certain entries made by
Uitjfi 111 Ui vji-]ri|) foity-fivc north, rang* nine wr^t, ?out!i
< t Mi-^ourj river, under the graduation act of August 4,
18S1. In reference tiiercto I have to &iate that It appear?
horn tlx:record*of titfsnfticPtiiatFairf town-hip,both north
and south oi the river, wns ort'ciedat public sale on the
22d oi N'ovcnibci, 1819; and it umber appears that through
sonui inadvertence tho fractional township south of the
river vyn^ mmked on the plats of the Jo'cal office as bein?
not offered, anil consequently u has always ?>eeri treated as
not subject to private entry,'and until 1856 no entries were
permitted therein, except to per oiid claiming under the
preemption act or'1841.
The letter to which the petitioners allude a? this authority
under winch the register permitted them to make their en-
tries at the lowest maduation rate was dimply a reply to a
question submitted by Alton Long, Esq., as to the time
when said fractional township was offered, and stated the
facts as shown by our records, and not those ot the local
office, which alone control or determine the condition of
the land, and its liability to entry or location.
In vi -w, however, of the fact that the register of St. Louis
improperly accepted the information conveyed in ihi< let-
ter to a third party as conclusive, and disregarding the evi-
dence of his own record, permuted the«e entries to be
made ; and in consideration ofthecireurnstance that these
purchasers were theieby misled and induced to mike im-
provement? upon the land as actual settlers underthe grad-
uation law in good faith, and with honest intent to com-
ply with tin* requirements thereof, f would respectfully
recommend that the prayer of the petitioners be granted, and
a Jaw be enacted continuing said entries under ceitam re-
strictions, as piovided in the bill herewith inclosed.
Very respectfully, jour obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. Johh Phelps. House of Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time,and passed,
Mr. MILLER, of N ew York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had receded from its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill to increase the internal
revenue.
MAILS TO FOREIGN PORTS.
Mr. ALLEY. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to repot t back
a bill providing for carrying the mails fiom the
United States to foreign ports, and for other pur-
poses;. It is not a private bill, but is one of great
importance to the Department, and has received
the unanimous approval of the committee. It is
of such importance to the country and to the De-
partment that I think it will elicit no discussion
or opposition, and I hope the House will consent
to put it upon its passage now.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 142) to provide for carrying
the mails Horn the United States to foreign ports,
and for other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAX. I do not desire to object, but
I desiie to say that this day being set apart, and
being the only day allowed, for the report of pri-
vate bills, it does seem to me that this class of
bills should remain until the committees have
been called through for reports of private bills.
Mr. ALLEY. I understand that, but this is a
Yery impoitant bill, and the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads has not had any op-
portunity to report this session, and this is the
only bill of a public natuie we particularly desiie
to pass at the present time. I think if the gentle-
men) will yive his attention to the reading of the
hill he vwll see its importance, and will not ob-
jeet.
Mr. J. C. ALLTJN. I object.
SHEPHERD AND CALDWELL.
Mr. ALLEY, fiom the Committee on the Post
Orlev and Post Roads, reported hack a bill (S.
No. 110) for the relief of John II. Shcpheid and
W.thoi II. Caldwell, of Missouri.
The lull directs the Postmaster General to allow
to Shepherd & Caldwell the sinus of money due
and unpaid and heretofore withheld by tlie Post
Ofiuo Department, for carrying the mads, (hums
the ycais 18.14 and 1855, on routes 8316 and 6^49
in the State of Missouri, under ccrtain res titei tons
and upon certain conditions named in the hill.
Mr. ILOLMAjN. It seems to me that tins bill
ought to he considered m the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. ALLEY. T think (lie icpmf had bettei be
read. It is brief, and containsa statement of the
facts of the c;>se as clearly as I could make it.
The report was read.
No objection being made, the report was re-
ceived.
Mr. ALLEY. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts how much money
is involved in the bill ?
Mr. ALLEY. About nineteen hundred dollars.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PETER NICOL.
On moiion of Mr. \LLEY, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Peter Nicol, mail carrier, for an increase of com-
pensation; and the same was laid on the table.
MAIL ROUTE IN CONNECTICUT.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the fuither consideration of the petition o'f
certain citizens of Connecticut, praying for a
change of mail rogle from Sharon to Cornwall
Bridge, so as to run fiom Amenia Union viaSouth
Ameuia to Kent; and the same was laid on the
table.
"YIRGINI .^CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DAWES. I desire now to call up the con-
tested-election case from theseventh congressional
district of Virginia. The case was partially con-
sidered a few days since, but was interrupted by
other business.
Mr. HALE. This being the day for the con-
sideration of private business, I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole House upon the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege
takes precedence.
Mr. DAWES. I will say that probably the
business to which tho Committee of Elections in-
vites the attention of the House will occupy but
a short time. I understand that the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,] who has the floor,
intends to make a motion to postpone the case,
and I shall make no obejetion to that. I call up
the case now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I desiie to say that my health !
is such at tins tune that I am unable to go on with j
the argument in this case. 1 theiefoie hope the
House will enteitain the motion I make to post-
pone the case indefinitely, and I will in two or
three weeks, when my health is improved, call
up the case and fix a day for its consideration. I
move the case be postponed.
Mr. DAWES. For how long a time?
Mr. SMITH. I will say Monday two weeks,
after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman will let
this ease be postponed till a week from to-day, i
and then, if the circumstances aie such that he {
does not desire it to come up, it can be further j
postponed. ■ ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that a j
week from to-day will not be " objection day;'3 j
to-day is. |
Mr. SMITH. I will state to the chairman of I
the Committee of Elections that 1 expect to ask j
leave of absence for ten days in consequence of \
family a {Tail s. ;
Mr. DAWES. I am in much thesame situation
as my fi lend irom Kentucky; but I will state to a
him that if, when this day week conies, he is not II
piepared to go on with the case he will not find ;j
me oi>po«mg"a fin ther postponement. I think the ,j
case had better be postponed until this day week. ij
Mr. SMITH. Well, I will not object to that'. ;j
The motion to postpone for one week was j
a^-ieed to 11
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. SMITH. I now ask leave of absence for
ten days. My family is in such a condition that
I am compelled to go home.
There being no objection, the leave of absence
was granted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. '
Mr. HALE. I now move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not press that motion. It was
the understanding that the Committee of Elec-
tions should have Fridays. Everbody knows that
the committee is overburdened with business,and
we have held back our reports and have not in-
terfered with the general business of the House
with the understanding that we should have as
much of Fridays as was necessary. I have a single
case which I wish to present to the House to-day,
and I do not think it will occupy the whole day,
but if Fridays are not set apart for the committee
they will be under the necessity of callingup their
reports on other days.
Mr. HALE. The Private Calendar is very
short, and it will take but a very'short time to
dispose of it, as this is "objection day." We
shall not probably occupy more than half an hour
in considering it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are only eight bills upon the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. DAWES. And is this " objection day?"
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAWES. Then I wilt not object to tile
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to make an appeal to
the House. Owing to the fact that I have been
sick, the business of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, of which I am chairman, has
accumulated, and has been much delayed. We
have a few bills from the Senate which we are pre-
pared to report,and I hope the House will allow
us to repoit them to-day.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman does not de-
sire to have immediate action upon them, I will
make no objection.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish that some of them
shall be put upon their passage. They will oc-
cupy but a very short time.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose, but as this is " objection day," I will yield
for the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Hale.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loyejoy?]
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to his re-
porting any bill upon which he does not desiro
immediate action.
Mr. LOVEJOY. They are Senate bills, and
I want them passed at once,
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that purpose.
JOIIN DIXON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ihake a
report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
upon which J do not ask action at this time.
Mr. HALE. Then I have no objection to the
report being made.
Mr. FARNS WORTH then, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported a bill for the benefit of John Dixon, of
Illinois; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me to make a report from
the Committee for the District of Columbia?
Mr. HALE. I must insist on my motion.
The SPEAKER. Next Friday tho call ofcom-
mittees for reports will commence with the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The reports
which the chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia wishes to make are private bills,
to which there will be no objection.
Mr. HALE. Then we can take them up in
Committee of the Whole House. I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself*into the
Committer of the Whole House, (Mr. J. C, Al-
