1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAWES. The difference between this
certificate and the former one is to give Mr. Sleeper
861 instead of 890 votes, and Mr. Rice 833 instead
of 805; that is, a difference of 29 voles less for
Mr. Sleeper, and 28 votes more for Mr. Rice.
The mayor and aldermen of the city ofBoston
transmitted the certificate to the secretary of the
Commonwealth with the following certificate.
The Clerk read, as follows:
AMENDED CERTIFICATE.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts:
At a legal meeting of the inhabitants of the city of Bos-
ton, in tiie county of Suffolk, qualified, as by the constitu-
tion required, to vote for representatives in the General
Court, holden on the Tuesday next after the first Monday
in November, being the 4th day of said month, in the year
1862, for the purpose of giving in their votes for a Repre-
sentative of this Commonwealth in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress of the United States, for district No. 3, all the ballots
given in therefor were sorted, counted, and recorded, and
declaration thereof made, as by the constitution is directed,
mid weie for the following persons, namely:
John S. Sleeper, nfltoxhuiy,3,600; Alexander II Riee,
ofBoston, 3,745; Alexander II. Rice, of Roxbury, 8; Ly-
sanderSpooner, of JJoston,!; Kice, J ; William Whit-
ney, 1; Henry Crocker 1; if the amended return from ward
twelve,of which a copy is hereto attached and marked A,
ehould be received as a true return of the votes cast at said
elecuon- THOMAS P. RICH,
Chairman of the Board.
JAMES L. HANSON,
JAMES L. HENSHAW,
C. A. RICHARDS,
OTIS NORCROSS,
THOMAS C. AMORY, Jr.,
FRANCIS RICHARDS,
JOHN F. PRAY.
SAMUEL R. SPINNEY,
Aldermen of Boston.
SAMUEL F. McCLEARY,
City Clerk.
Attest:
November 12, 1862.
Mr. DAWES. The Governor and Council
adopted this as the true return and correct state-
ment of the vote cast in ward twelve of Boston,
instead of the other, and as it gave Mr. Rice a
majority of 25 votes, awarded him the certificate
accordingly.
it is on the legality and accuracy of that pro-
ceeding this whole contest depends. If the House
will indulge me, I will endeavor to present the
precise point in the case. The Committee of
Elections, so far as I know, without an exception,
came to the conclusion that the amended return
was the correct one. In respect to it Mr. Sleeper
claims, first, that it is illegal because there is no
law authorizing the ward officers to make an
amended or additional return of this nature; that
the law requires the result to be declared in open
ward meeting, and this result never has been so
declared, and cannot therefore be accepted as the
result; and because the mayor and aldermen have
never, as required by law, passed upon this
amended or additional return, or determined any-
thing one way or the other based upon it, but only
transmitted the same to the Governor and Coun-
cil, with a hypothetical certificate of theirown,of
no force in law; and secondly, that the amended
return is not true.
11 is necessary, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the
House should listen to an exposition of the law
of Massachusetts upon the subject of an amended
return, and then to evidence to ascertain whether
in point of fact the amended return is true or not.
First, Mr. Sleeper claims that there is no au-
thority of law to make such an amended return.
Let the law be read before we proceed any further.
Is there any law authorizing the ward officers to
make an amended or additional return of the na-
ture of the one here made ? The duty of the ward
officers, as well as of the mayor and aldermen in
the premises, is prescribed in chapter seven, sec-
tion sixteen, of the Genetal Statutes of Massa-
chusetts, in these words:
"The mayor and aldermen ami the clerk of each city
shall foith with, after an election, examine the returns made
bv the returning officers of each waui in such city: and if
anv enor appears therein, they shall forthwith notify said
ward officers thereof, who shall iorthwith makeanewand
additional jeturn, underoath, hi conformity to tiutb, which
additional return, whether made upon notice or by such
otlieei* without notice, shall be received by the mayor and
aidetmen or city clerk at anytime betote the expiration of
the day preceding that on which by law they are required
to make their returns, or to declare the result of the elec-
tion in paid city; and all original and additional returnss-o
made shall be examined by fhe mayor and aldermen, and
made part of their returns of the lesults of such election.
In counting the \otes m an election no returns shall he re-
jected when the vote* given for each candidate can be as-
certained."
It is claimed by Mr. Sleeper that although that
statute provides for and contemplates an amended
or new return from ward officers in certain cases,
it was only designed to cover clerical errors; that
when the mayor and aldermen found on looking
over the returns, or when they suspected there
was a clerical error in the returns, t-hey were re-
quired to notify the ward officers that they were
to correct the error, but that there was no pro-
vision of law which permits the ward officers to
examine into the facts touching the real number
of votes cast, or to do anything more than to cor-
rect any clerical error, such as that when they
had declared the result to be 805 votes the clerk
called it 806, or some such clerical error as that.
But a careful examination of the statute shows
thisclaim entirely unfounded. In the first place
it requires the ward officers to make an amended
or new return in certain cases specified in the
section. It is then their duty to make a new re-
turn. The return is limited by law in two ways,
and two only: first, it must be made within ten
days of the election; second,it must be " in con-
formity to truth." Those are the only limita-
tions upon the ward officers. They shall make
a new return whenever the making of a new re-
turn is necessary to certify the truth. They must
make it within ten days, and the new certificate
must conform to the truth, and nothing else. They
must swear to it, and therefore it must be in con-
formity to what they believe the truth to be. And
the statute is wholly silent upon the means by
which they are to arrive at the truth. They are
therefore at liberty to adopt any means which
will lead to the truth.
My friend, Mr. Sleeper, claims.that there is no
express authority for them to reexamine and re-
count the ballots; and there is none. He claims
that it follows, therefore, that they are not au-
thorized to recount the ballots. But there is no
express authority for them to adopt any method
of examination to ascertain what that truth is to
which their certificate must conform, and there-
fore, if they are not permitted to examine the bal-
lots to ascertain that truth because there is no
express provision for examining the ballots, it
would follow that they are not authorized by law
to pursue any method of ascertaining the truth,
although the law requires of them to make a cer-
tificate in conformity to truth. Yet my friend
claims that they cannot be permitted to pursue
any method to ascertain what the truth is.
Well, it is evident if they are to make a new or
amended return, it must be different from the first
return; and that does away entirely with the claim
of Mr. Sleeper upon the second ground, namely,
that this iesult in the amended return was never
proclaimed in open town meeting, because there-
suit ill the first return is the result proclaimed in
open town meeting always, except whatever cleri-
cal mistake may arise in making out the certifi-
cate. Any mistake except a clerical one in the
certificate would certainly involve the number
proclaimed in open town meeting, and therefore
the proclaimed number would be different from
that made in the amended return.
Theiefore, unless the amended return is to be
precisely like the origi/ial—which is absurd—it
would be different from that which is proclaimed
in open town meeting. That disposes of Mr.
Sleeper's second objection.
The third objection is that this return was, by
the mayor and aldermen, transmitted to the Gov-
ernor and Council without passing upon it, or
deciding whether it was the true return from ward
twelve or not. An examination of the statute will
show that it is no part of the business of the mayor
and aldermen to adjudicate upon it at all. They
are requiied to examine it, and then transmit it
to the Governor and Council, who shall take it,
along with the otigmal return, and examine and
adjudicate upon all the returns, and declare him
elected who, in their opinion, is elected by such
returns. So that the contestant entirely mistakes
the express provision of the statute, which is, not
that the mayor and aldermen, but that the Gov-
ernor and Council, shall pass upon the returns,
and the mayor and aldermen are only the chan-
nel through which they come.
The last and most important objection which
the contestant makes to this amended return is
that it is not true in fact, and, if it is not, he is en-
titled to the seat.
It is quite apparent that it was the duty of the
Committee of Elections, and that it is our duty,
to ascertain, if it is in our power, what was the
actual number of legal votes cast in tbat ward,
without regard to whether the ward officers cor-
rectly or incorrectly certified that number of legal
votes after they were cast. The law of Massa-
chusetts lays great stress upon an open declara-
tion of the result of the election in town meeting,,
before the adjournment of the town meeting, anct -
before the result can be known or there can be,
any temptation on the part of any candidate or
his friends to tamper with the returns themselves
or the number of ballots. It is a very wise pro-
vision of law, and tends greatly to protect the bal-
lot-boxes from frauds of this kind. It is claimed
by Mr. Sleeper that the announcement in open
town meeting is conclusive of the election; that it
is the only result that can be accepted and acted
upon; that there is no power under the laws of
Massachusetts to go behind the result openly de-
clared in town meeting; and that it is not safe or
proper for us to go behind that result; so that how-
ever satisfied we may be that an honest mistake
has been made in counting the votes or certifying
them, or in any other way, yet if that mistake has
happened to be declared as the result in open town
meeting, it is res adjudicata, and past any exam-
ination by us. But the Committee of Elections
were of the opinion that no such rule exists in
Massachusetts or should govern us in the House
of Representatives; that while they would put
great reliance oo, that open declaration and regard
it as prima facie evidence of the actual result, not
to be controlled by any slight or suspicious evi-
dence, nevertheless it is controllable, and to be
controlled by evidence that will not admit of any
reasonable doubt, so that the truth may be arrived
at satisfactorily to fair and candid minds as to the
•actual result of the legal vote.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how came this mistake to
exist? The ward officers, seven in number, su-
perintended the election. Two of them stood at
the polls, one with the check-list in bis hand, and
the other with the ballot-box, and when a man's
name was checked on the check-list by the one,
his vote was received by the other in the ballot-
box. Two or more of them in another part of
the ward room, upon a raised platform, separated
from the voters by a railing, sat at a table and
counted from time to time the ballots thus cast.
The officers of this ward, seven in number,
were as nearly divided politically as they could be;
four of them at this election voted for Mr. Rice,
and three of them for Mr. Sleeper, the warden
and president of the board voting for Mr. Sleeper,
and the clerk voting for Mr. Rice. The clerk and
the warden sat at a table in the rear of the ballot-
boxes and counted the votes from time to time.
It was a general election in the State of Massa-
chusetts, and State officers as well a3 Represent-
atives in Congress were voted for to the number
of seventeen. They were all upon one ballot—a
paper of considerable size, such as I have now in
my hand. The warden and the clerk,friends of
the two candidates for tins office, kept count of the
votes cast, and fiom hour to hour the result was
placed upon a blackboard in the ward room, so
that any person coming into the ward room could
ascertain exactly how the election was progress-
ing. These officers kept a tally. They kept upon
one paper the votes as they were cast and counted
for Governor and Representatives in Congress,
those being the officers in reference to whom most
interest was felt. That paper was called " rough
count throughout the day." I have the original
paper on which the count was kept. Lithographic
copies are annexed to the report. I have also in
my hand a photographic copy of it precisely as
it appears, as it was kept that day. They also
kept another paper, a lithographic copy of which
is also annexed to the report, on winch they re-
corded the votes for Representative to Congress,
for councilor of the district, and for senator in
district five, in which that ward was situated. I
have a photographic copy of that paper. The
original I have here at ruy desk.
! If gentlemen will turn to the eopies of these
papers in the report they will see exactly how the
count was kept, and how the mistake was made.
They first put all the straight votes by themselves,
i tying them up in small packages and maiking on
! the back of them the number of votes in the
! package and the words, "clean-taken," adding
j the initials of the person who counted them. The
I split or scratched tickets they tied up, assorted in
j the same way, putting on the back of the package
