9M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4.
some mark indicating that they were-not whole
tickets, and the number of votes for the particular
candidate whose name was scratched,
It will be observed that the first package counted
for Mr. Rice contained 5 votes, the next contained
9. The 9 was placed over the 5, and the sum of
them, 14, was carried to the right hand. The
riext package contained GO votes. The 60 was
placed over the 14 and the sum of these figures, 74,
was carried forward to the right. So on through
to the end.
: If gentlemen will cast their eye over the second
line of these figures they will see that at the be-
ginning of the line the votes for Mr. Rice had
accumulated to 334. The next package contained
39. These figures placed over the 334 made 373,
which was carried to the right; 9 over that, added
to it, was carried forward, 382; 187 over that,
added to it, was carried forward, 569; 3 over that,
added to it, was carried forward,572; 1 over that,
added to it, was carried fonvard,573; 5 over that,
added to it, made 578, but was carried forward as
518, the figure 7 being mistaken for the figure 1,
60 votes being thus dropped from the count.
This mistake rbns through to the end, giving
Mr. Rice at the end 770 votes, when in point of
fact, by correct addition, it should have been 830
votes. The whole error is embracetTin that point.
There is another method of proving it, but this
correction of the vote will change the result and
bring it out precisely as the waru officers claimed
it to be in their amended return, and as the Com-
mittee of Elections found it to be.
There is a reason why I.should go further in
this statement. The ward officeis made a return,
not from that paper, but from the second paper,
K, and therefore I beg the attention of the House
for a momentto paper K. The results from hour
to hour of the vote for Governor and Represent-
ative in Congress, placed on the blackboard, were
taken from the " rough count" paper I. As they
made this count and added up the votes they re-
counted them and set down the results on paper
K, carrying them out in the same way. But the
House will observe that paper I and paper K do
not coincide. The people of the ward observed
at the close of the polls this strange fact, that there
were 60 votes less for Representative to Congress
than there were for any other officer. They could
not understand how that was. They inquired
whither there were 60 men voting in that ward
forali other officers, and omitting to vote for Rep-
resentative in Congress. None of the ward offi-
cers had observed in the count any such circum-
stance, and no man had been found in the ward
who had cast a vote for every other officer, omit-
ting to vote for Representative in Congress. That
led to inquiry and to an examination.
It wiU be observed also that this "rough count"
I not only does not agree in its present condition
with paper K, but that when you correct it, and
add to it the 60 votes, the papers I and K will not
even then agree. Correcting this mistake, which
is perfectly clear, and restoring to Mr. Rice the
60 votes here lost to him, his vote.would be by
the "rough count,"corrected, 830 votes, which,
with the 863 votes given Mr. Sleeper by the
"rough count," would make an aggregate of
1,693, one more than the lowest and nine less than
the highest aggregate given among all the candi-
dates for the other offices. But this does not agree
with paper K, which was declared to be the vote
on election day, and certified as such to the mayor
and aldermen, for, adding this corrected vote for
Mr. Rice, 830, to that put down on paper K for
Mr. Sleeper, 890, and it makes an aggregate of
1,720, thirty-two votes more than the lowest and
twenty-two votes more than the highest of the
other aggregates.
The anxiety of the clerk growing out of the
peculiarity 1 lmve just alluded to, a lack of 60
votes for member of Congress upon the black-
board, led him, upon the Sunday following, to sit
down at his table and recast the votes upon paper
I, to see how it was that there was a lack of 60
votes for member of Congress. He theie discov-
ered the mistake of 60 votes in paper I, as 1 have
stated. Comparing it with paper K he also dis-
covered that after the correction of those 60 votes
paper K would not agree with it, and the two did
not agree, as to Representative in Congress, with
the votes for any of the other candidates on the
same papers, for,by adding 60 votes to Mr. Rice's
count, giving him 830 votes, the aggregate on
paper K would give 28 votes for member of Con-
gress more than were cast for any other officer.
1 So that it would appear that 28 voters cast their
S votes for member of Congress who did not vote
I for any other officer in that election. But they
' had never seen any such ballot as that, nor could
any voter casting such a vote be found,and there-
fore he determined to reexamine the ballots them-
selves.
I should state in passing that at the close of the
polls he tied up the bundles of votes with a string
around the middle of each bundle, then tied a
paper around the whole, took them to his own
house, carried them to the attic, and placed them
in a trunk with a spring lock with the key in the
lock, and there they remained, so far as there is
a particle of testimony, until the Sunday follow-
ing. After discovering this discrepancy in these
papers, he went and consulted with the old clerk
of the ward as to what he had better do. He then
returned by himself to the attic, and taking off the
paper wrapper, but without untying the string
around the middle of the bundle of packages or
removing the packages, he examined the votes in
each package, took off the number of votes for
Representative in Congress on each of the pack-
ages, and then restored them to their former place
in the closet. In consequence of the conviction
that an error had been committed in counting,
which this examination produced on his mind, he
then procured a meeting of all the ward officers
at his house on the following evening, when the
votes were by them there recounted with great
care, and the result as thus ascertained was em-
bodied in the new or amended return, signed by
all the ward officers, seven in number, four of them
voting themselves for Mr. Rice, and three of them
for Mr, Sleeper, sworn to by them all, forwarded
to the mayor and aldermen, and by them trans-
mitted to the Governor and Council within the
time prescribed by law. In counting the votes at
this time the ward officers took each of the small
packages upon which the number of votes was
marked, recounted it carefully, and checked the
corresponding numbers upon paper K.
It will be observed that on paper K there are,
among the several packages set down to Mr.
Sleeper, three packages of twenty-eight votes
each, and none of that number for Mr, Rice. In
the recount, after all the votesin the whole bundle
for Mr. Sleeper were counted and checked,there
had been checked but two packages of twenty-
eight votes, and there remained unchecked to
any one, a package of twenty-eight votes, corre-
sponding with what was known as the " people's
ticket," or that of Mr. Sleeper's political friends,
with the name of Mr. Rice printed in place of
Mr. Sleeper's for Representative in Congress.
This "people's ticket" in Massachusetts was
composed of all political parties opposed to the
political associates of Mr. Rice. But many of
those voting that ticket as to the State officers
preferred Mr. Rice to Mr. Sleeper, and therefore
substituted his name for that of Mr. Sleeper, vot-
ing for the other officers upon the "people's
ticket."
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President was received, by
Mr. Nicolay, informing the House that he did,
on the 3d instant, approve a bill and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. So. 265) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide ways and means for
the support of the Government,"approvedMarch
3, 1863;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 35) of thanks of
Congress to the volunteer soldiers who have rcen-
hsted m the Army; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) to continue the
payment of bounties.
MASSACHUSETTS CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN..
Mr. DAWES. As these ballots were cou'ntcd
they were put up in packages; those containing
straight tickets were put m packages by themselves
and marked in pencil on the back "clean," with
the initials of the person who counted them. But
they found, as I said, three packages of twenty-
eight votes counted for Mr. Sleeper, while they
could find but two packages of that number with
Mr. Sleeper's name on them. They found, how-
ever, one package of twenty-eight ballots contain-
ing the names of Mr. Sleeper's political associates
for Stats officers, but with Mr. Rica's name in-
serted instead of that of Mr. Sleeper for member
of Congress. Upon tlve back of that bundle was
written the words " all alike," with the initials of
the gentleman who counted the votes, the clerk of
the ward. Theie was no place in Mr. Sleeper's
count for these 28 votes. The whole vote of Mr.
Sleeper, with the exception of these 28 votes,was
counted, but there was no package of twenty-eight
votes credited to Mr. Rice on paper K. Giving
to Mr. Rice 28 votes, taking them from Mr.
Sleeper, which were erroneously counted for him,
restores the harmony of both papers. It brings
up Mr. Rice's vote on paper K to precisely what
it is on paper I, with the correction that I have
already mentioned.
It IS a very curious mistake, but on looking at
the papers it is easily seen how it was made. I
will explain it.
Mr. Speaker, there is no dispute but that the
actual number of votes counted at the last count
is correctly stated in the amended certificate. That
this was the correct count of the ballots on the
second count the Monday night afterthe election
no one disputes; and an examination of the evi-
dence, with a sworn return of the seven ward offi-
cers, does not leave room for doubt. The ward
officers, four on one side and three on the other,
swear to it; and they sat down deliberately tore-
count the votes, and counted them with great care.
If, therefore, the ballots in the mean time had not
been tampered with, the proof could not be made
stronger that the true result had been reached. If
those votes had not been tampered with, no proof
could be stronger and clearer that the true result
had been arrived at. As to whether the votes
were tampered with or not will depend very much
on the confidence the House has in the testimony
of the man who had the keeping of those ballotsi
What that is I will state. The clerk testifies that
at the close of the polls, as had been his1 custom
he tied up the ballots in this package, and tied a
paper around them; that he carried them to his
home that night, and put them in a trunk in a
closet in his attic; and that so far as he knew no
mortal but himself knew where they were; that
his own family consisted of a wife, confined all
this time to her bed with sickness, a child born
on the day of election, a nurse, and an auntvisit-
ing the family. He swears positively that no
person knew where they were but himself, so far
as he knew; and that when they were taken out
by the officers they were precisely in the condi-
tion in which they were when put there. He also
swears that the memorandum on the back, "28
votes, all alike, taken G. W. B.," written on the
package, was written on the day of election by
himself, and that the mistake must have arisen in
calling off the packages. That was the package
having Mr. Rice's name in the place of Mr. Sleep-
er's. There is, however, corroborative proof
found in the papers I and K themselves. By cor-
recting the 60 votes m paper 1, as before stated,
and restoring to Mr. B£<ce the 28 votes here spoken
of, the aggregate vole for Representative to Con-
gress corresponds with those cast for the other
officers, as follows; for Governor, 1,702; for Rep-
resentative in Congress, 1,693; for councilor,
1,69.5; and for senator, 1,692. Correcting paper
1, and the aggregate on paper I will be 1,694; but
if that coirection be applied to paper K, without
also counting the 28 votes, an aggregate of 1,720
votes will be produced, just 28 votes more than
the aggregate given for senator, and 27 more than
that given for councilor. Therefore, unless the
clerk perjured himself, there is no doubt that these
votes were not tampered with, but that they were
safely kept.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Sleeper does not pre-
sent a particle of testimony to controvert that
condition of facts He asserts that it was pos-
sible to tamper with the ballots, and he therefore
insists it is not only our right but our duty to say
that that has been done, lie is exceedingly se-
vere upon this clerk; 1 do not know what for.
The supposition, therefore, that the ballots had
been tampered with before the last count, in order
to produce this result, involves not only the per-
jury of the clerk of the wnid, but also requires
that papers I and Ii be both forged and put in
their present condition for the same purpose. But
the evidence was abundant from all sides that the
hourly announcements, put upon the blackboard
in the ward room on election day, corresponded
with paper I, and disclosed the precise discrep-
