TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 1). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Sess>ic
TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1864.
New Series.....N,o. 60.
ancy in the aggregate vote found on that paper;
and the first return made on the night of the elec-
tion was made from paper K, and corresponded
with it. Besides all this, the very sight of the
original papers, now with the committee, shows
how preposterous is the pretense that they have
been altered to produce this result. Withoutthe
correction in paper I, we must suppose that there
were sixty ballots* cast with no name upon them
for Representative in Congress, yet no such ballot
has been produced, and no person who cast sach
a ballot; and with that correction, but without the
correction in paper K, we must conclude that
twenty men voted for Mr. Sleeper for Congress,
but for no one else of the candidates for the six-
teen other offices voted for on the same ballot by
all others*, yet no such ballot has ever been seen
and no such voter has ever been found. By mak-
ing the correction in both papers a striking coin-
cidence will be found, not only between the votes
for candidates for Congress, but even the aggre-
gate thus produced, and the aggregates for other
offices. Restoring the 60 votes to Mr. Rice on
paper I, and countingfor him, instead of for Mr.
Sleeper, on paper K the 28 votes for him found on
the "people's ticket," and then Mr. Rice will have
on paper 1 830 votes, on paper K 833 votes. Mr.
Sleeper will have on paper I 863 votes, and on
paper K 862 votes. The aggregate of vote for Mr.
Rice and Mr. Sleeper on paper I would then be
1,693, on paper K 1,695. The aggregate for other
officers has been already shown to be, for sena-
tor, 1,692; for councilor, 1,695; and for Governor,
1,703.
Now, sir, I will close this lengthy and tedious
exposition of the case by simply reading the con-
clusion of an article inserted in a Boston pajDer by
the president of the ward officers, who-himself
voted for Mr. Sleeper, and which he published
soon after the occurrence, that the people might
know just how the matter stood. He was a friend
of Mr. Sleeper, anda high-minded and honorable
man. These are his concluding words:
u In conclusion, there was, and is, to my mind—and all
of the inspectors concur with me m this result—an unfor-
tunate, unintentional error on the partofour clerk, in ori-
ginally giving to Mr. Sleeper these twenty-eight votes, when
he should have put them to the credit of Mr. Rice.
" HORATIO N. CRANE,
11 JVardenof IVard Twelve."
This is under his own hand, and is testimony
of which no one who examines the case and the
papers can entertain a doubt. I now yield to the
contestant, who, I understand, desires to address
the House.
Mr. SLEEPER, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker,
a majority of the Committee of Elections in the
contested-election case connected with the third
Massachusetts congressional district have, in ac-
cordance with their sense of justice,andaftevafull
hearing, made a report to this House unfavorable
to the claim of the contestant. This result I was not
prepared to expect. I believe the decision to be an
erroneous one, and not in accordance with the
laws of Massachusetts, or the testimony that has
been laid before Congress. I therefore feel bound
by my convictions of duty to the majority of the
intelligent citizens of the district in which I re-
side, to avail myself of the privilege of appearing
before this honorable body, and in person advo-
eating my claim.
In my remarks I shall not attempt to argue
the case with my friend, the able chairman of the
Committee of Elections. But having confidence
in the righteousness of my cause, and also in the
wisdom and integrity of the representatives of the
people, 1 shall address myself through you, Mr
Speaker, directly to the members of this House,
and endeavor to expose the mistaken conclusions
of a majority of the committee by a plain narra-
tive of the case, as established by the evidence,
accompanied by such comments as are in accord-
ance with my own interpretation of the laws of
Massachusetts, after consultation with men of
eminent legal ability, and my own instincts of
truth, justice, and common sense.
Mi. Speaker, the outlines of this case may be
given in a few words. During the political cam-
60
paign in Massachusetts in 1862 my name was
placed before the voters of the third congressional
district as a candidate for Congress, and at the
annual election in that year the returns showed
that I was elected by a plurality of votes. The legal
documents certifying to this fact were laid before
the Executive of the Commonwealth. According
to the laws of Massachusetts in force at that time,
and the usage for many years, the ballots wereof
no value after the declaration of the votes in open
town meeting. No person was designated to take
charge of them, no place was assigned for their
deposit, and no mode was prescribed for their safe-
keeping. Yet six days after the election, while
abundant opportunity had beeu given for tamper-
ing with and changing the ballots, arecount was had
in one of the wards of Boston by the ward officers,
at the instigation of the clerk of the ward, who
had assumed charge of the ballots, and it was
found thatin the bundle of votes then counted, and
after they had been clandestinely examined and
fingered by the clerk, according to his own confes-
sion, Mr. Rice had 28 votes more and Mr. Sleeper
28 votes less than were declared and certified to by
the ward officers on the day of election. A voucher
to this fact was forthwith laid before the board of
aldermen of Boston, and without any further in-
quiry a hypothetical certificate was sent to the
Governor and Council—an irregular and unprece-
dented proceeding on the part of the board—and
without any investigation by the Executive the
certificate of election to the office of member of
Congress was withheld from the contestant and
given to the present incumbent.
Such are the outlines of the case which is now
engaging the attention of this House, and involv-
ing a principle which calls for a careful and just
decision.
The provisions of the laws of Massachusetts,
which in 1862 regulated the proceedings at elec-
tions, are contained in the seventh chapter of the
General Statutes. Section fifteen provides as fol-
lows:
" The votes in elections for national, State, county, and
district officers shall be received, sorted, and counted by
the selectmen and the ward officers, and public declaration
made thereof in open town and ward meeting."
Here the whole process of the election is clearly
and explicitly set forth. The votes must be re-
ceived, sorted, and counted, and the declaration
of the vote, the crowning act, must be made in
open town or ward meeting. When this is done,
the votes are no longer of value. The laws of
Massachusetts were at that time silent respecting
them. They indicated neither directly nor indi-
rectly the disposition which should be made of
thein. It was no crime to destroy them after the
vote was declared. It was no felony to steal them,
as they had done their work, and were of no more
value than so many pieces of blank paper. The
law proclaimed cleai iy and distinctly that the elec-
tion should be decided on election day, in presence
of the people, and that there should be no appeal
from that decision.
The sixteenth section of the General Statutes
of Massachusetts provides that—
"The mayor and aldermen and tile clerk of each city
shall forthwith aftei an election examine the returns made
hv the returning officeis in each ward in such city, and it
anv erior appear theiein they .-hall lorthwilh uoliiy said
ward ofiieeis thereof, who ^hall forthwith make anew and
additional return under oath, in conformity to the triith.
which additional returns, whether made upon notice or by
such otfieeis without notice, .-hall lie received hy tlieinayoi
and aldermen or city clerk at any time before the expha-
tion of the day preceding that on which by law they an; re-
fined to make theii returns or to declare the result of the
election in said city; and all original and additional returns
so made shall be examined by the mayor and aldermen,
and made pait of their returns of the result nt such elec-
tion. In counting the ntes in an clcctwn no returns shall
be rejected u-'hen the votes given for each candidate can be as-
certained."
The language of this section is also clear and
explicit. It is intended to give authority for the
correction of clerical or arithmetical errors on the
part of the ward officers when the return does not
correspond with the declaration or the tacts as they
appeared on the day of election, aud for that ob-
ject only. For instance, if the return to the city
clerk bore on the face of it that ascertain number;
of ballots were cast in ward" twelve for- ./os/ah
Smith, when the declaration and record showed;
that the true name was Jo.Sfp/i Smith, or tiiaf acer-
tain number of votes were cast for a candidate}
when the declaration and record showed that lie
had not received that number of votes, the returns,
would be set aside on discovery of the error, and.
anew return would be made. And this new re-
turn would not only be strictly in conformity-
with truth, but confirm tlie count, record, and
declaration made on the day of election.
Such a provision is necessary for tiie correction
of blundersof this description. Butl hardly sup-
posed that any intelligent person would seriously
contend that this section of the statute authorizes
a recountofthe ballots in anyone precinct several
days after the polls have been closed; and that
the result of such a recount may set aside and
rtullify the declaration made by the ward officers
on the day of election.
I am no lawyer, butl have consulted with law-
yers ; and, with great respect for ray worthyfriend,
the chairman of the Committee of Elections, and
who, on legal questions, does not often run off the
track, 1 contend that any other construction of
the statutes than the one 1 have given is an erro-
neous construction, not recognized by the courts
in Massachusetts, and at variance with the spirit
and letter of the law.
The laws of Massachusetts in 1862 did not pro-
vide for the preservation of the ballots. In some
precincts of this third district the votes were de-
stroyed immediately after the election. This was
shown by the evidence of Joshua Seaver, a highly
respectable citizen of Roxbury, who had presided
at the polls as a warden for fifteen successive
years. According to. his statement the votes in
his ward were never preserved after the close of
the polls. If ballots were to be used as evidence
after they had been counted, declared, and the
returns made, the laws of Massachusetts would
never have allowed them to be destroyed.
The object of that provision in the statutes
which required that in all elections a public dec-
laration of the votes should be made in open meet-
ing, in presence of the assembled citizens, was,
beyond all question, to guard against precisely
such an occurrence as took place in ward twelve!
in Boston, and is the foundation of this appeal;
that is, to prevent any persons, actuated by good
or evil intentions, rogues or honest men, froin as-
sembling in secret conclave, at any time or times
within ten days after the election, and, in the ab-
sence of any subsequent investigation of the facts,
reversing the recorded doings and solemn declara-
tion on election day. I repeat it, the very object
of this clause was to prevent such an irregular,
dangerous, and manifestly improper proceeding.
If a proceeding of this character were strictly
in accordance with law and propriety, as is eon-
tended by the committee, it may well be asked,
why was that clause introduced into the statute,
which requires notonly the counting, but a public
declaration of the votes to be made in open meeting
on the day of election ? That clause, according
to this new interpretation, was altogether without
meaning, witho-it object, and palpably redundant.
It is no wonder that the irregular, unauthorized,
and hitherto unprecedented proceedings connected
with the election of member of Congress m the
third Massachusetts district in 1862 should have
excited surprise and a feeling of distrust and dis-
satisfaction throughout the Commonwealth. 1 he
people saw that if such a course of action should
be established as a precedent, the ballot-box,
thrown open to pollution, would no longer be an
indicator of their sovereign will. And at the very
next session of the Massachusetts Legislature, a
few months afterwards, important additions, not
changes, butadditions, were made to the laws reg-
ulating the proceedings at elections. These new
provisions, repealing nothing, prescribe a mode
for the preservation and safe-keeping of the bal-
lots after an election by causing them to be sealed
in an envelope in open town meeting, ana, with
all other documents pertaining thereto, given in
