946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
charge to the cjty clerk. The manner in which a
recount may, be had by the board of aldermen, and
only by the board of aldermen, is also specified.
The enactment of this law in itself is an ad-
mission that previously no authority was given
for the preservation and safe-keeping of the bal-
lots after an election; and that a recount of votes
after the dissolution of a ward meeting was also
an unauthorizedact. Itsets the stamp of illegal-
ity 011 all the doings connected with this recount
of votes for member of Congress in ward twelve
after the election in 1862.
Mr. Speaker, according to a provision in the
Federal Constitution," each House (of Congress)
shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualificationsofifsown members." Thus,inacase
like this, the House of Representatives becomes
a legal tribunal to try the issue. The members
perform the solemn duty of judges on a question
deeply affecting the rights of the people and the
rights of States, and from this tribunal there is
no appeal. Each member, therefore, must act on
his individual responsibility, and,after a full and
attentive hearing, frame his decision according to
his own interpretation of the law and evidence.
And if the Representatives in Congress should be
convinced that the incumbent of the seat which 1
claim was notelccted in conformity with the laws
of Massachusetts, it can hardly be expected they
will confirm him in the seat.
Therefore I beg that the members of this House
will consider well the facts which I have stated:
that the election for member of Congress in the
third Massachusetts district was honestly con-
ducted; that the votes were carefully counted, re-
corded, and declared in open meetings, in presence
of the people; that returnsin conformity with the
records and declarations were made according to
law, and placed in the hands of the proper offi-
cers, and by those officers the results, definitely
stated and certified to by the boards of aldermen
and selectmen, were transmitted to the secretary
of State. These returns showed that the votes
for member of Congress were: for Alexander H.
Rice, 5,0X7; John S. Sleeper, 5,049; showing a
plurality for John S. Sleeper of 32 votes.
These facts are fully proved by attested docu-
ments and oral evidence. They stand out in bold
relief. They cannot be questioned or explained
away.
But the Representatives in Congress, in their
desire to do justice, often exercise the power with
which they are vested, and look beyond State stat-
utes, which were intended to regulate proceed-
ings at elections. This course of action has been
adopted by the Committee of Elections, and was
evidently anticipated by the gentleman who now
holds the disputed seat, as appears by the char-
acter of the evidence he has laid before Congress,
and which basrs his whole claim to the seat, not
on the declarations and returns in open meeting on
election day, or on any proceedings in the course
of that day, but on the result of a recount of the
ballots in one ward six days afterwards.
It is shown by documents in this case that, on
the day after the annual election in Massachusetts
in 1862, a return of votes for member of Congress
was made to the city government of Boston from
ward twelve, usually callcd South Boston. This
return stated that—
u The whole number of votes given in, as aforesaid, were
sorted, counted, recorded, and declaration thereof made as
by the constitution and laws directed, and were for the fol-
lowing persons, namely: Alexander ff. Iticc, of Boston,
80n; John S. Sleeper, of Roxbury, 890."
This return was signed by the warden, clerk,
and three of the inspectors, and duly forwarded
to the city clerk of Boston, and the result through
him laid before the secretary of State.
It also appears that on the 11th of November,
seven days afterwards, and after a recount of the
votes had been had by the ward officers in ward
twelve, another document was received,by the city
clork and also signed and sworn to by the ward
officers. In this document it was stated that—
" The whole number of votes given in on that day (the
4th of November) weie sorted, counted, and declaration
thereof made in open ward meeting, and were for the, fol-
lowing ner«OH*, namely: Alexander II. Rice. 833 votes, in-
stead of 803; John S. Sleeper, 861 votes, instead of 890."
A result untrue in fact, for no such declaration
was actually made, and changing the whole char-
acter of the election for member of Congress as
declared on the day of election.
This amended return was placed io &he hands
of the city clerk of Boston on the 12th of No-
vember, and a special meeting of the board of
aldermen was called to take action in the case on
the following day. But, without entering on any
investigation, the aldermen adroitly contrived to
evade a decision and avoid all troublesome con-
sequences by virtue of an "if," and threw the
responsibility of receiving or rejecting this strange
and unprecedented document on the Governor and
Council!
Theamended return was transmitted to the sec-
retary of State, accompanied by the following
" amended certificate of the result:"
" Commonwealth of Massachusetts:
"At a legal meeting of the inhabitants of Boston, in the
county of Suffolk, &c., for the purpose of giving m their
votes for a Representative in this Commonwealth in the
Tilirty-Eightii Congress of the United States fordistrict No.
3, all the ballots given in therefor were sorted, counted,
and recorded, and declaration thereof made as by the con-
stitution is directed, and were for the following persona,
namely: John S. Sleeper, of Roxhury, 3,600; Alexander
H. Rice, of Boston, 3,745; if the amended return from
ward twelve, of which a copy is hereto attached and marked
A, should be received as a true return of the votes cast at
the election.'5
Mark the language, "i/the amended return
should be received as a true return;" thus guard-
edly avoiding the indorsement of its correctness,
and expressing a strong doubt of its being re-
ceived by the Executive as a true return, indica-
tive of an expectation that it would be rejected!
Nevertheless, this amended return and theamend-
ed certificate of the board of aldermen were re-
ceived by the Governor and Council. Such being
the case, it was a fair presumption that they would
investigate the facts in order to satisfy themselves
whether justice anil truth required that the result
of the declaration of the doings in ward twelve on
election day should be reversed. Nevertheless,
without any investigation, the original return from
the city of Boston, containing the result of the
vote for member of Congress in certain wards, as
actually declared on the day of election, was set
aside; the hypothetical certificate, with a palpable
error clinging to it, was indorsed as a solemn
truth, and the certificate of election was given to
my friend, Hon. Alexander H. Rice, who was
thus entitled to the seat at theopeningof the ses-
sion.
I contend that having received on the day of
election a plurality of the votes cast in the third
district for member of Congress, and this result
having been submitted to the Governor and Coun-
cil in strict conformity with law, I was entitled to
the certificate of election. Any rumors, doubts, or
facts subsequently created, connected with the
doings of the ward officers, might have been a
proper matter for legal investigation, subject to
the decision of the House of Representatives in
Congress.
I am thus, by the mistaken action of the Ex-
ecutive of my own State, placed in a false posi-
tion, and compelled to appear in the unpopular
character of a plaintiff in a case before Congress,
and substantiate my claim in opposition to agen-
tleman deservedly respected by all who know him,-
a legislator of experience, chairman of an import-
ant committee, and surrounded by a large num-
ber of political and a larger number of personal
friends, who, however anxious to do right, must
unavoidably cherish a strong desire to retain him
in the seat he now occupies. Such are the ob-
stacles I have to encounter at the very threshold
of my case—obstacles which might almost lead
one to doubt the result of a claim, however just
in itself.
The election in South Boston in 1862 took place
on the 4th of November. The inspectors received
the votes which were counted by the warden and
clerk. About every hour the ballot-boxes were
empjied, the votes counted, und the results for
Governor and member of Congress only placed
on a blackboard, and exhibited for the gratifica-
tion of curiosity. This was done by the clerk of
the ward, who kept a record in pencil of the an-
nouncement every hour on the blackboard. On
this record, which was headed " rough count
throughout the day," was subsequently put as a
distinguishing mark the letter I. The votes were
carefully counted and recounted during the day
by the warden and clerk, and the result recorded
on another paper subsequently marked with the
letter K.
Toward the close of the polls a discrepancy of
60 or 70 votes suddanly occurred in the announce-
ment on the blackboard between the number of
the combined votes for Governor and tile num-
ber of the combined votes for member of Gongress.
This was an error made by George W. Bail, the
clerk of the ward. The figures were compared
with the record .marked K, and corrected,land the
final declaration made from thispaperagreed with
the footing and record of the count, and was be-
lieved to be correct, as the error of about 60 votes
on the blackboard, or any other blunder in the
figures on the paper marked I, could have had no
effect on the result as declared at the polls.
All the witnesses agree that the count through-
out the day was fairly and apparently correctly
made, and no suspicion existed that there was any
error or anything wrong in the final count and
declaration.
At the close of the election, Bail, the clerk of
the ward, took the different parcels of votes,
placed them in two piles, lengthwise, by the side
of each other, and tied them round and roilnd
with twine; and finding on the floor an oldhand-
bill, he tied that round the ends of the bundle, to
prevent the votes from slipping out. In this con-
dition he carried the votes to his house and put
them in a trunk, leaving the key in the lock, and
deposited the trunk in a closet in an attic cham-
ber, neither of which, the closet or chamber, was
fastened, by a lock and key, or in any other way.
And here the votes remained, untouched, so far
as the knowledge of Bail extends, for the re-
mainder of the week—four days—during which
time he was engaged in his business as clerk of a
lumber yard. Friends and neighbors were oc-
casionally calling on him, and it was generally
known that the bundle of ballots was in the house.
During these four days no one spoke to him
urging or suggesting a recount of the votes; nor
did he during that time suspect anything wag
wrong iu relation to the final result. But on the
Sunday following the election, five days after-
wards, having some leisure time on his hands, he
proceeded to examine the minutes or records of
the count of votes on election day. In the course
of this examination, he says he discovered an
error of about sixty votes in the " rough count"
marked 1. On making this discovery for the sec-
ond time, of an error of about 60 votes in the
blackboard memorandum, he proceeded to call on
Hollis R. Gray, a personal and political friend,
and communicate the fact to him. After talking
over the matter, these two persons concluded to
call on Horace Smith, an intimate friend of both
parties and an active politician. After further
consuliation the trio proceeded to the house of
Josiah Dunham, an experienced and adroit poli-
tician. At Dunham's house the subject of a re-
count of votes was further discussed.
The details of the conversation among these
gentlemen do not appear. Bail's memory failed
him on that occasion, as on other occasions, as
shown on his cross-examination, where the non
mi ricordo tactics figure extensively. But those
gentlemen approved of Bail's suggestion to have
a recount of votes for member of Congress, and
a recount was determined on from that moment.
Bail returned home. After dinner he ascended
to the attic, took from the closet the bundle of
votes, and laid it on the chamber floor, and, as
he says, without untying the bundleorloosening
the twine, which had been more than once wound
around it, he removed the handbill which was
fastened around each end. In this way, he says,
he got access to the packages, and by lifting the
ends of the votes he was able to examine and
" take "the numbers on each package for member
of Congress. While doing this, he says he dis-
covered an error or discrepancy with the record
and declaration of about 28 votes, but without
discovering the actual error, which was subse-
quently found at the time of the recount. If
Bail's intention had been to enact a fraud, there
was no obstacle in his way save such as con-
science might interpose. He had only to take
out of the bundle a package of 17 votes or up-
ward, of the regular DemocraticorPeople'sticket,
and replace it by a package of 17 votes on which
the name of Alexander H. Rice was printed for
member of Congress, instead of John S. Sleeper,
and indorsing in pencil the package thus surrep-
titiously introduced. The process was a simple
one, as easy as lying, and apparently safe.
Bail's description of his mode of examining the
ballots is worthy of particular attention. By re-
