1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
moving the handbill, and lifting the ends of the
packages, he might possibly have seen the figures
on the back of each package. But how could he
ascertain that there was? an error of 28 votes un-
less he could also distinguish the names of the
candidates voted for, unless he actually discov-
ered the error in the package of 28 votes, which
was subsequently found in the bundle? Accord-
ing to his description of the manner in which the
bundle was tied this was an impossibility! The
names of the candidates for Congress were printed
in the center of the tickets, and if the packages of
votes were placed in two piles, by the side of each
other, and tied firmly round and round the center
of the bundle with a piece of twine, as Bail swears
was the case, and was not loosened on this occa-
sion, the impossibility of such a discovery must
be manifest to every one.
On Sunday evening'Bail, having determined to
have a recount of votes, and fortified by the re-
quest of his three political friends, called upon
several of the inspectors, and also the warden, to
obtain their consent to the proposition. But in-
stead of calling first on the warden, an elderly and
highly respectable citizcn, and consulting with
him on the legality and expediency of a second
counting of the votes, and frankly stating his rea-
sons for such a proceeding, he first visited three
of the inspectors, a majority of those officers com-
paratively young men, and whom he had reason
to suppose might be guided in such matters by
his opinion.
The reason which Bail gave the inspectors for
a recount was, he supposes, " in consequence of
the talk around.55 He subsequently said that" the
talk around" was confined to the error on the
blackboard at the closc of the polls. But Bail
knew that the error on the blackboard was his
own particular blunder, and he could have set
those rumors at rest at any moment. Connor, one
of the inspectors, on the other hand, said that the
"talk around" or "conversation," as he called
it, was in consequence of the surprise of people
that Mr. Rice did not get a larger vote. On that
evening Bail said nothing to the inspectors of
his new discovery connected with the blackboard
memorandum; nor did he say he had examined
the packages, and found an error sufficient to stul-
tify the official declaration and return. Neverthe-
less he obtained the consent of three of the in-
spectors, and those gentlemen agreed to meet at his
house on the next evening and recount the votes.
Bail next called on the warden. His interview
with that officer is thus described by Mr. Crane
in a communication published in the Boston Jour-
nal, and included among the printed documents:
" On Sunday the 9th of November, Mr. Bail called at my
house and mfotmed me that lie had been requested to re-
count the votes given at the late election for member of
Congress from our district, and wished me to come to his
house the next evening for that purpose. Upon being asked
the reason, he said there were some who thought there
might be an erroi in the count. I declined peremptorily to
enteitam any such request unless it was respectfully and
propetly made in writing to me as warden, and givinggood
reasons for our recounting the votes. He replied that a ma-
jority of the inspectors had assented to the recount, arid it
would be done with or without my being present."
In this interview with the warden, Bail con-
veyed the impression that there was a demand
outside for a reexamination of the votes. He did
not state that this request, from three individuals
only, was made during a secret consultation at
his own suggestion; and he carefully concealed
the fact that he had reexamined the records of
figures and the bundle of votes in the course of
the day. The warden very properly refused his
assent to such a proceeding, and declined to at-
tend the meeting. Afterwards, however, as he
could not prevent a recount of the votes, he con-
cluded to be present.
The next evening the warden and inspectors
met at Bail's house. The clerk gave no further
reasons for recounting the votes. He produced
the bundle and placed it on the table, and then, to
use (he language of the warden, "Mr. Bail as-
sured me on his word of honor that the bundle of
votes then and there before us had not been un-
tied, and that then in my presence they were seen
for the first time since the day of election, by his
untying the bundle!"
A most bold and unblushingfalsehood, furnish-
ing a skeleton-lcey to unfold the true character of
the man ! And it is singular that while the report
of the Committee of Elections refers to the secret
examination of the votes by the clerk that Sab-
bath afternoon—as is shown by his statements on
oath—this man's solemn and deliberate and vol-
untary denial of that clandestine act should have
altogether escaped their notice.
The warden and inspectors, confiding in the
honesty of the clerk, proceeded to recount the
votes. In this proceeding Bail did not partici-
pate, under pretense of being unwell. While the
officers were busy at their work, he sat at the table
carefully watching their progress. After a time
an important error was discovered. A package
of 28 votes, headed "the People's ticket," and
indorsed as such, was found to be composed of
votes on which the name of Alexander H. Rice
was substituted in print for that of JohnS. Sleeper
as candidate for Congress,apparently making an
error in the declared result of 56 votes, and elect-
ing Mr. Rice by a plurality of 25.
At the annual election in J862, besides the large
number of" split tickets," there were three regu-.
lar tickets in the field, namely, the Democratic,
the People's, and the Republican. Each of these
three classes of tickets differed materially in their
general appearance from each other, but the names
of all the candidates on the Democratic and the
People's tickets were the same. Hence the con-
clusion was inevitable that a ticket which dif-
fered materially from either of the three regular
tickets must have been a spurious ticket, and
could not without inexcusable carelessness have
been counted and indorsed as a regular ticket.
These 28 tickets nevertheless differed in general
appearance from the regular tickets which were
distributed at the polls. " They were notsimilar
in any respect to the People s or Democratic
ticket," says the warden, in his printed state-
ment, "but were dissimilar in every respect, hav-
ing a vignette entirely different from any other
ticket circulated at the polls on the day of elec-
tion; neither was there any semblahce in style,
form, or print to any other ticket."
- It can hardly be believed that the most incom-
petent officer in counting the votes on the day of
election could have made such an important error
as was discovered on the recount, and at a time
when spurious tickets were abundant,andadeep
interest was manifested in the result of the election.
A few votes of a character similar to those found
in this package of twenty-eight were seen by the
inspectors during the election, but none of (hem
could say that the identical votes in this package
or the package itself were ever before seen by
them. The warden says: " I cannot, of my own
personal knowledge, say that 1 ever before the
evening of the second count saw those 28 votes."
The votes in the package in which the error was
discovered were noticed by inspectors to have
been unusually smooth and unwrinkled, a cor-
roborative fact of no little significance. Notwith-
standing this, and although it must have been
manifest that a package of spurious votes could
easily have been substituted between the 4th and
11th of November for a like number of genuine
votes, yet no one at that time, after the solemn
asseveration of the clerk, suspected the perpetra-
tion of a fraud.
A certificate was drawn up on the spot, signed
and sworn to by the ward officers, and the parly
separated, little dreaming that Bail in the solitude
of that attic chamber, on a Sabbath afternoon,
with no human eye watching his proceedings,
had examined those votes, and knew that before
they left his hands they contained an error which
he believed would change the result of the vote
for member of Congress.
After the election the papers marked I and
K remained in Bail's possession. Photographic
copies of these papers accompany the evidence,
and undoubtedly show the state in which the pa-
pers appeared when the copies were taken. They
show that in several instances erasures or changes
have been made in figures Much importance is
attached by the sitting member to these copies,
as on the truth and validity of the papers marked
I and K hangs hisclaim totheseatwhich he now
occupies in Congress, a thread slender and fragile
in itself, but which has been so magnified and
twisted as to assume the deceptive appearance of
a cable of colossal proportions; but which I trust
will not prove strong enough to shake from its
solid foundation and bear away into the regions
of error the southern wing of the Capitol,
Mr. Speaker, it is clearly established that in
the announcement on the blackboard in South
Boston at the closing of the polls there was £ dis-
crepancy of about 60 votes between the com-
bined votes for Governor and the combined votes
for member of Congress. This blunder was, of
course, detected immediately and corrected. In
correcting it the blackboard memorandum tnust
have been then compared with the regular
systematic record of the count, and the mistake
substantiated before it was corrected. The papers
then agreed with each other, and the Vote as'ft
appeared on the paper marked K was declared in
presence of the people. Before this blunder.oc-
curred there was no evidence of a discrepancy be-
tween the figures on either of those papers and
the figures on the blackboard. This blunder was
o wing to the carelessness of the clerk in the addi-
tion of figures. Bail said so at the time. That
there was any other blunder of about 60 votes
at the close of the polls, on this blackboard mem-
orandum, is an assumption too absurd and im-
probable to be entertained for a moment.
If an important error of 28 votes, making a dif-
ference of 56 in the result, was so clearly mani-
fest in that paper on that* Sunday morning, why
was not that paper produced by Bail and exhib-
ited at the recount? The carefully corrected rec-
ord of the count was produced, but the blackboard
memorandum was kept back. It was not ready
for exhibition! Bail of course refrained from
laying it before the ward officers; and the officers,
regarding it as a piece of waste paper, expressed
no wish to examine it. The other paper, marked
K, was examined by the warden, and the cast-
ings of the figures found to be correct. Hence
the statement of the warden, in the simplicity of
his heart, that "the mistake was believed to be
occasioned by an unintentional error on the part
of the clerk." Nothing waselicited in the course
of this recount which could have furnished Bail
with a reason for suspecting an error in the black-
board memorandum or for calling on his friends
for advice in consequence of an error discovered
in that paper.
But a pretext was wanted, and there having
been some " talk around" about the error of 60
votes on the blackboard at the close of the polls,
Bail made that the pretext for calling on Mr. Gray.
The language he used he would not state when
on the stand, but he conveyed to Mr. Gray and
Mr. Smith, gentlemen whose honesty in this mat-
ter is not called in question, the idea that on ex-
amining the figures on one of the papers he had
found an error of about CO votes, which if cor-
rected would give the election to the Republican
candidate. His statement to those gentlemen ob-
tained easy credence. It confirmed the truth of
rumors afloat; it corresponded with their own
wishes, and was doubtless received without ques-
tion.
And again, why should Bail have told such
abominable lies to the ward officers as an induce-
ment to those gentlemen to consent to a recount
of votes, when the truth would have accomplished
his object at once, when he could have taken the
papers from his pocket, and furnished in a mo-
ment evidence satisfactory to them of the propri-
ety of the measure? He could have done this
without acknowledging the humiliating fact that
he had the day before clandestinely fingered the
bundle of ballots.
The warden and inspectors were honest men.
Unconscious of guile themselves, they did not sus-
pect it in others. An amended return was made
out,but without the authority of law,and by the
singular combination of proceedings, which 1 have
described, and which I hope will never be cited
as a precedent, Mr. Rice received the certificate
of election. The plan was ingeniously devised
and successfully executed. The papers were in
Bail's possession. They could tell no tale. The
votes were still in his attic. The man had done
his work, and clamored for his reward. But when
Bail found that the election would be contested,
and the whole matter investigated before a commis-
sioner, it became necessary so to prepare the pa-
pers and arrange the figures as to confirm his state-
ments, and vindicate the propriety of his course
in calling on his friends for advice. Something
more than a pretext was now required; and Bail
having been two years clerk of the ward, and
familiar with votes as well as figures, was equal
to the task. He framed his theory, prepared the
papers, conned his lesson faithfully, and got it
by heart.
