US
THE CONGRESSIONAL CrLOJBE.
These two papers, being the only memoranda
of the count of votes on the day of election, were
in Bail's possession not only six days before the
recount, but more than four months afterwards,
before they were brought forward as evidence.
No one had seen them; no one had a copy of
ti>em; no one could identify them. Lithographic
copies of these papers—not as they appeared at
tl)e close of the polls on the day of election, but
as they appeared when produced before the com-
missioner as evidence—are affixed to this report
from the Committee of Elections, giving an im-
posing appearance and a fictitious importance to
that document. This trouble and expense was
hardly necessary; for no one will have the hardi-
hood to deny that those papers, after having been
long rctaineu in the hands of unscrupulous men,
could exhibitany numbers of figures which might
b,e fixed upon to secuie to the sitting member a
plurality of votes. No one doubts it, or ever can
doubt it. It was a simple and easy act of leger-
demain. Furnish but an inducement, time, and
opportunity, and.snch deeds will be done by dis-
honest men every day. .
While it would have been easy for Bail, or any
other tolerable accountant, to make the number of
votes? and the indorsements on the different pack-
ages correspond to any figures in the papers, he
could with equal ease with a lead-pencil and a
piece of India rubber have changed the character
of the figures in the papers from beginning to end;
making them to conform to any number of votes
in the aggregate, or any indorsements on the dif-
ferent packages. If 100 votes instead of a less
number had been necessary to change the re-
sult, the figures in those papers would have been
made to prove that the incumbent received pre-
cisely thatnumber of votes, and the photographic
process would have indorsed the falsehood. The
rpan who held those papers was not the tool which
knaves do woik with, called a fool. He did his
work well, and richly earned the promised reward
from his employers residing in South Boston.
And it becomes an important and interesting sub-
ject of inquiry, what was the character of this
reward?
This George W. Bail, within four months after
the election in 1862, received an appointmentfrom
the General Government to an office known and
designated as postmaster at South Boston, and
took the place of a gentleman who had held the
office some years, enjoying the confidence of his
fellow-citizens, and was summarily dismissed.
For five months previous to the examination, Bail
had been temporarily engaged as clerk and book-
keeper at a lumber yard, with wages at nine dol-
lars a week, before which he worked at his trade
as a carpenter. The emoluments of the office to
which he was appointed under the General Gov-
ernment are not less than $900 a year! This ap-
pointment, at that particular time, caused almost
as.much " surprise" and " talk around" in South
Boston as the declaration of the result of the elec-
tion on the 4th of November. And the question
was asked, " Was this appointment procured for
this man at this time as a premium for inefficiency
and an aptitude for making arithmetical blunders
in official matteis where great care and accuracy
are required, or as a reward for other services?"
But I will not enlarge on this point. To men-
tion the fact is sufficient. I am not addressingun-
sophisticated men, who have faith in the purity
of all active politicians. Indeed, everybody knows
how these matters are sometimes managed in a
community where pai ty feelings rage uncon-
trolled, where the political excitement is intense,
and one or two unsci npnlous men of great wealth
and almost magic influence assume to dnect and
control the politics of the people, and are determ-
ined to carry their point.
[f intelligent men from abroad had been in
South Boston soon after Bail received his appoint-
ment, and had listened to the 44 talk around " of
honest citizens of all political parties, they would
have seen that this appointment was everywhere
regarded ns a deep and damning proof of the
fraud which was believod by nine tenths of the
inhabitants to ha\e been perpetrated on the bal-
lots soon after election day. Bail, in his evidence
before the commissioner, exhibited a deficiency of
memory, prevarications and contradictions, which
cannot by the most specious explanations be rec-
onciled with honesty. And furthermore, he con-
victed himself of several falsehoods, which, even
disconnected from a long chain of circumstances,
cannot but destroy his credibility as a witness.
Bail lied to the warden when he led him to believe
that Messrs. Smith, Gray, and Dunham had of
their own accord, without any suggestion or con-
sultation with him, requested him to have a recount
of votes. And Bail lied to the inspectors, each
and all of them in detail, when he told them that
the " talk around" or any " dissatisfaction" ex-
pressed outside was the reason why he urged a
recount of votes. And Bail lied deliberately and
audaciously to the warden and inspectors when
he solemnly declared on his word of honor, on
the evening of the 10th of November, that the
votes had not been examined or seen by him until
that hour, since the evening of election. These
incidents, and others of a similar character, are
clearly set forth in the evidence, and furnish prem-
ises from which a majority of the committee have
adduced the following conclusions, namely, " that
the testimony of the clerk of the board is uncon-
tradicted, and his character appeared to be above
reproach."
Mr. Speaker, I differ from a majority of the
committee in their estimate of the character of this
clerk of the ward. My knowledge of human na-
ture, which from the various positions I have held
in a long and particularly eventful life is exten-
sive, leads me to believe that a man who will de-
liberately lie, or attempt to impose upon other men
falsehood instead of truth, is not an honest man.
I conscientiously believe that such a man is not
to be trusted, that his character is open to re-
proach, that no confidence should be reposed in
his statements, that he will have no scruples
against changing votes or altering records to suit
his purposes. Nothingbutthefearof punishment
or a regard for his reputation will restrain him
from dishonest acts when it is for his interest to
be dishonest. And if the rigid maxim of the law,
"falsus in uno,falsus in omnibusbe justly as
well as unsparingly applied to the credit of a wit-
ness who speaks with reference to any one im-
portant fact in relation to which he cannot from
his personal knowledge of that fact be presumed
to mistake, what an overwhelming influence this
recognized principle must have to crush as with
an avalanche the credibility of this clerk of the
ward!
Mr. Speaker, from the remarks in which I have
indulged, it will be seen that I contest this seat
on no slight or unimportant grounds, each of
which I contend is substantiated and sufficient to
establish my claim.
In the first place, I claim that I was fairly and
honestly elected to Congress, in strict accordance
with the statute laws of Massachusetts.
Secondly, I claim it on the ground that abund-
ant time and opportunity, all that could have
been wished by dishonest men, were given for the
perpetration of a fraud on the ballots between the
day of election and the time of the recount.
And thndly, I claim it on the ground that a
fraud has actually been perpetrated by some per-
son or poisons since the day of election, by chang-
ing a package of votes and altenngfigures and in-
dorsements on parcels and papers.
On the other hand, it appears by the evidence
that the grounds on winch the distinguished gen-
tleman who occupies the seat which X dispute—
and here I wish distinctly to state, whose whole
course of action duiing the election in 1862s orin
connection with any proceedings in this contest
since, I believe to have been strictly upi ight and
honorable—I say that the only grounds on which
my friend bases his claim are the ipse dixit ot the
Governor of Massachusetts, the naked assertions
, of tins Geoige W. Bail, and the genuineness of
j all the figures which now appear on this black-
board memorandum, entitled " rough count
throughout the day." And let it be recollected
that the genuineness and truth of this document
rest on the testimony of this Bail, unsupported by
, ,a:iy other proof whatever; while numerous facts,
! tiumpet-to'ngued,cannot but destioy his ctcdihil-
ity as a witntss, and ov<" i throw the whole weight
of his testimony.
Mr. Speaker^ I very well know that a man who
makes a statement of a case m winch lie is per-
sonally interested is liable to be biased m one
direction, and give a gloss to one side of a picture
and a forbidding aspect to the other. All tubu-
nais make allowance for such unconscious aber-
rations from the true meridian line. But in this
case there ar& facts which eannotbe contrave>rted$
facts which, without argument or comment, fur-
nish powerful evidence of the justice o-fm-y claim.
A few of these facts I will enumerate. 1 ' -
The laws of Massachusetts «rdam that in the
election of State, county, and district officers, the
votes shall be received, sorted-,fwnl counted5 by
the ward officers, and public declaration- made
thereof in open town and ward meeting*
The laws of Massachusetts in 1862 di<f' not
authorize a recount of ballots after the closing of
the polls. They might be and often weredestroyed
on the day of election.
In 1863 the Legislature of Massachusetts en-
acted a law providing for the preservation and
safe-keeping of the ballots after an election, and
prescribing the mode by which, a recount could
be had by the board of aldermen, and only by
that board.
The annual election in the third Massachusetts
congressional district in 1862 was fairly and hon-
estly conducted in all the various prooincts.
According to the original declarations and.re-
turns made to the secretary of State for Repre-
sentative to Congress in that district, John S.
Sleeper was elected by a.plurality of votes.
In ward twelve, George* W. Bail, clerk of the
ward, after the closing of the polls, took charge
of the ballots. They were deposited in, no sealed
box or envelope, but tied in a bundle withan-old
handbill wrapped around them, carried to Rail's
house, and placed in an insecure position in the
house. A recount of these ballots took place six
days after the election, at Bail's suggestion, and
there was then found in the bundle a package of
twenty-eight votes,credited to Mr. Sleeper, which
should have been credited to Mr. Rice. An
amended return of this result was laid before the
board of aldermen, and the board, without investi-
gation, sent tliis document to the Governor and
Council, accompanied by a certificate giving no
definite result, in accordance with law and usage,
but merely stating that " if the amended return
should be received as a true return" Mr, Rice was
elected, and not Mr. Sleeper. The Governor and
Council received the amended return as a true re-
turn, and , without asking a question, gave the cer-
tificate of election to Hon. Alexander H. Rice.
A legal investigation subsequently took place at
the instance of Mr. Sleeper in strict conformity
with the law of Congressadopted February, 1854.
George W. Bail, clerk of the ward, was not
only contradictory and shuffling in his evidence,
but in his reasons given to the warden and in-
spectors for a recount of votes he concealed some
important facts, and was guilty of bold and delib-
erate falsehoods. When Bail, at the time of the
recount", placed the bundle of votes on the table,
he solemnly assured the warden and inspectors
on his word of honor that the bundle of.votes had
not been untied,and that then, in their presence,
they were seen for the first time by his untying
the bundle. On his cross-examination on oath,
some months afterwards, Bail acknowledged that
he did actually on the day previous to the recount
take that bundle of votes from the closet, remove
the handbill which was wrapped around it, and
see those votes, examine those votes, finger those
votes, and copy indorsements on different pack-
ages of those votes.
The papers, being the only memoranda of the
proceedings during the election, and the bundle
of ballots, were in Bail's possession six days be-
fore the recount, and several months afterwards,
giving him abundant time and opportunity to
change the votes, alter or erase figures on the
memoranda, which were kept in pencil, or substi-
tute other papers in their stead, and fashion the
result at pleasure.
,) At the time of the election, in 1862, Bail was
i| clerk of a lumber yard, at wages of nine dollars a
I week; within four months he was appointed post-
|! master at South Boston, with emoluments rising
h nine hundied dollars a year.
| Such, Mr. Speaker, are some of the facts in
!{ this case, as they stand out boldly in the testi-
!: roony and on the statute-book; facts which the
; most specious arguments, the most subtle reason-
;j ing, or the most powerful eloquence cannot ex-
!j plain away. And if the members of this House
i! willcarefuilyconsiderthevariouspointspresented
!j by the testimony, I think they will see that the
I conclusions of a majority of the Committee of
!i Elections are unsound, and that by adopting them
