950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
United States of America; and both theUnion and
the Declaration are older than any State constitu-
tion—older than the Articles? of the old Confedera-
tion. These two were the first things, all the rest be-
ing both subsequent and consequent. In the course
of a debate that occurred June 29, 1787, in the
Convention that framed the Federal Constitution,
James Madison described, as follows, what the
States were then, and what they had been pre-
vious to that time. ( quote from Yates's Minutes:
"Some contend that States are sovereign, when,in fact,
they are only political societies. There is a gradation of
power in nil societies, from the lowest corporation to the
highest sovereign. The States never possessed tbc essen-
tial rights of sovereignly. These were always vested in
Con<?res«. Their voting as States in Congress is no evi-
dence of sovereignty. The State of Maryland voted by
counties. Did this make the counties sovereign ? The States
at present are only great corporations, having the power of
making hy-Iawa, and these nre effectual only if they are not
contradictory to the general Confederation."
" State sovereignty" was never anything more
than a dream of theorists. Under the Continental
Congress, and under the old Confederation, it was
sometimes heard of, but always as a pretense
rather than a reality. It was asserted by a few
able men when measures were taken to " form a
more perfect Union." It was represented in the
Convention that framed the national Constitution;
and in that body its theories and propositions were
discussed and rejected. Its pretensions were put
aside deliberately, and with such emphasis that
several of its advocates left the Convention in dis-
gust. One of those gentlemen in the Convention
who advocated extreme demands in behalf of the
States was Luther Martin, of Maryland. In his
address to the Legislature of that State on pro-
ceedings in the Convention he shows the determ-
ination with which the pretensions of State su-
premacy were lefused; and Washington, in a
letter to Congress, which every member of this
House may read in his Manual, states as follows
the reason why they were refused:
" It is obviously impracticable, in the Federal Government
of these States, to secure all rights of independent sover-
eignty to cach and yet provide lor the interest and safety
of ail."
Such disorganizing theories could not prevail
then; but this doctrine of State supremacy has
since been used to disturb and destroy the nation.
Under the Constitution, persistent attempts to
exalt the States above the national Government
have usually come from the South, where slavery
has claimed to be a domestic or State institution.
Nowhere else have they found much encourage-
ment. The slave interest has, very naturally,
favored the most extreme pretensions in behalf of
the agencics on which it has depended for sup-
port. Its safety and the secure growth of its
political power required its devotees to maintain
extreme theories of State supremacy. It is a very
peculiar interest, peculiarly destitute of protection
in the ordinary political arrangements of Chris-
tendom, and peculiarly dependent on the States
that allow it existence and shelter. It is against
civilization, and has nothing to hope from the
sympathy or the good will of the civilized world.
Its whole influence would, of course, be directed
to support any political doctrine that could be
used to exalt the States, especially the slave
States, and secure to them the prerogatives of in-
dependent sovereignty, in order to use these pre-
rogatives for its own security and aggrandize-
ment. And so it has been.
For more than thirty years previous to the out-
break of this rebellion the term " State rights"
had been used at the South as the watchword of
disaffection and conspiracy; and it was admira-
bly fitted for such use. " Rights of the peo-
ple" would not have served as well, would, in
fact, have served to defeat rather than aid the pur-
pose of the conspiring slavery extremists. Their
aim was to deny the rights of the people and es-
tablish a slave oligarchy; and it was a clever arti-
fice to use a loud clamor for State rights as a shield
to cover the establishment of plantationdespotisms
in the States, and hide treasonable conspiracy
against the nation; and the more so, because the
fact that, under the national Constitution, certain
powers are reserved to the States and to the peo-
ple gave special plausibility and force to the term,
even when used to indicate the most extreme and
destructive theories. A careful history of this
term, as used by southern politicians, with an
accurate account of the different meanings they
have given it and of the different uses to which
they have applied it, would give us pretty much
the whole jDolitical history of that part of the
country during the last half century. In 1830,
Mr. Calhoun and the nuliifiers meant by " State
rights" the right of any southern State, especially
South Carolina, to nullify the authority of the
Government. In 1851, Mr. Rhett, of South Car-
olina, used it to mean a right of any State to break
up the Union; and by virtue of the southern the-
ory of State rights he defined treason as follows,
in a speech delivered in the Senate:
" Treason against t in: United States is a violation of al-
legiance to the sovereignties who established the system of
government; and those sovereignties are described in the
Constitution as tlie States. A person levying war against
them, or giving aid and comfort to their enemies, is guilty
of treason; showing distinctly that treason can be com-
mitted against them, and against them only."
Here is a doctrine that abrogates the national
Governmentand bids everything go down before
the pretensions of State sovereignty. In 1861 this
treasonable doctrine brought forth secession mad-
ness, and filled the land with the bloody horrors
of rebellion; and to-day, here at the Worth, the
seditious organ of disloyalty to which I have re-
ferred echoes Rhett's doctrine, as follows:
" While obedience is due to tlie governments—to the Fed-
eral no more and no less than to the State governments—
allegiance is due to the States alone, to each State by the
citizens thereof."
And this vile sheet, edited and published by a
member of this House, goes on to warn the Ad-
ministration that the northern people, in support
of this " State sovereignty," will soon be " massed
right in its way" with arms in their hands.
II. Let us see how this revolutionary doctrine
of the southern conspirators has been used at the
North to aid them in the present conflict.
1. Not many of us have forgotten what use was
made of it by President Buchanan. The traitors
claimed for their Statesa right to trample under foot
the national Government and breakup the Union.
Presiden t Buchanan allowed them to mature their
plot under his roof and in his Cabinet; and, when
they beg^n openly their work of treasonable vio-
lence, he declared officially, in a message to Con-
gress, that no power to coerce a seceding State,or to
use force against the secession treason, had " been
delegated to Congress, or to any other department
of the P'ederal Government. That is to say,
State sovereignty was the paramount thing, and
the national Government had no right to defend
itself. What more could treason ask than to have
the Union thus delivered into its hands, para-
lyzed, defenseless, and bound forsacriftce by this
devil-spun theory of "State sovereignty?"
It is impossible to think calmly of what Presi-
dent Buchanan might have done, but refused to
do, to baffle the conspirators and make rebellion
impossible. One downright word of executive
authority, one lightning stroke of executive pow-
er, would have crushed conspiracy and sent trea-
son howling into the darkness whence it came.
There was the great occasion, but the miserable
man occupying the presidential chair wasnotequal
to it.
Mr. STEVENS. Can I call the gentleman to
order?
The CHAIRMAN. What is the gentleman's
question of order?
Mr. STEVENS. If I can call the gentleman
to order 111 committee, I make the point that he
is calling my neighbor and constituent a miserable
man. I desire to know whether that is in order.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will proceed in order.
Mr. STUART. I would like to know whether
it was not the division of the Whig party be-
tween Fremont and Fillmore that elected Mr. Bu-
chanan, and whether those who divided the Whig
party are not responsible for his election!
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. .1 will
say to the gentleman that, inasmuch as I did not
belong to the Whig party, I do not feel authorized
to answer his question.
Weak, treacherous, and, from long-settled
habit, the submissive creature of these assassins
of the Republic, he had become incapable of
such fidelity to his oath of office. There might
have been special wonder among those who knew
him, well if he had not thus made himself respons-
ible for the most inexcusable outbreak of treason
ever heard of below the sun. History will do
him justice, and will read to those who come after
us wholesome lessons on his character; and the
record of his conduct as President of the United
States in the years 1860-61 may be put to good
uses by those teachers of mankind who have the
spiritual elevation, purity,and sweetness to draw
a light of wisdom from the blackest record of in-
famy,
"Gather honey from the weed, ;
And make a moral of the devil himself.*'
2. The treasonable doctrine used by President
Buchanan was immediately adopted by disloyalty
throughout the North. It was just what the
northern allies of treason wanted, and from that
time to this they have used it at every point and
on every occasion where it has seemed possible
for it to obstruct any measure employed to put
down the rebels. Every effort of the Government
to defend its own existence and beat down its
assailants has been attacked with such disingen-
uousness and virulence as never before seemed
possible to the most unscrupulous baseness of
faction. Who has forgotten the howl that broke
forth against President Lincoln when he issued
that call for seventy-five thousand men to sup-
press insurrection? "What!" exclaimed our
northern slavery extremists, " does he mean to
coerce sovereign States? Is it his purpose to at-
tack secessionism with force of arms? He will
make havoc of State rights! It is infamous usurp-
ation of power!" So ran and raged the turbulent
stream of cursing; and it was amazing to see with
what audacity of disloyal zeal northern apolo-
gists for treason sought to prevent harm to the
rebellion by reducing the Government to imbe-
cility.
The enrollment law furnished occasion for a
still more striking illustration of the meaning of
this factious opposition to the Government. The
slavery extremists have very seldom intimated
the possibility of State supremacy anywhere
north of the slave line; and never unless to do so
would benefit the slave interest. They have al-
ways one essential preliminary, or condition pre-
cedent, to any theory of the Constitution or- of
State rights they are moved to advocate. It must
be a theory that will decide some question in favor
of that interest, or in some way give it advant-
age over other interests. When slavery requires
it, they support any usurpation of power against
the free States. They were unscrupulous sup-
porters of the infamous fugitive slave bill of
1850, although prominent southern men admitted
that no power to enact fugitive slave laws had
been delegated to Congress, while every honest
advocate of strict construction denied that the
Constitution authorized the Government to en-
gage in the business of slave-hunting. They
talked as if that bill were the special glory and
joy of patriotism. They honored it with public
meetings, processions, hymns, and hallelujahs.
They actually fell into the habit of calling it" the
Constitution and tlie laws." So,on the other hand,
to break down the enrollmant law, they set up a
claim of sovereignty for the free States; and never
was an act of Congress assailed with a more evi-
dent purpose of hostility to the Government. The
whole vocabulary of vituperation was poured out
upon it. It was denounced as tyrannical inter-
ference with State rights. For a time, conspiracy
at the North believed it possible to stimulate op-
position to this law to such fury as would break
out in revolution. It produced a terrible riot in
the city of New York, and caused violence and
murder in several enrollment districts in different
parts of the country; but this demon of faction
was smitten down, baffled, and confounded by a
spirit of loyalty in the people which it did not
expect nor deem possible. That men who came
forth from the dens of faction to foment disloyalty
and revolution by accusing that law of trampling
under foot State rights, and of clothing the Gov-
ernment with unconstitutional power, that they
should sneak away fiom their failure into the
most silentdarkness, was very appropriate. That
they should ever again talk as if they were patri-
otic, or have the hardihood to come forth again to
mingle with honest people, and seek refreshment
in the pure atmosphere and genial sunlight of
northern skies,is oneof theuncomprehendedmys-
teries.
3. Let me point out another evil use fnade of
this southern doctrine of State supremacy. It is
brought forward to obstruct a reestablishment of
the national authoiity in that part of the country
