952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Republic at all, we must have it as it ought to be,
as its founders meant it should be.
And so we shall have it I Darkness in this con-
flict willnot be permuted to subdue reason and*
justice. Conspiracy and. treason will be over-
thrown. The slave power and its worshipers
will be crushed. The nation will triumph in this
contest; and its record, in the volume of its his-
tory about to open,will become so grandly bright,
and wear such splendor of true glory, that in all
the nations it will be felt by those who revere
freedom that the great American Republic at last
fulfills the dream of its founders, and deserves
recognition as the lightand the hope of mankind.
AMNESTY PROCLAMATION.
Mr. BOYD. Mr. Chairman, some time since
my very censorious colleague took occasion, while
speaking to the confiscation bill then pending in
this House, to address a portion of the concluding
remarks of his speech specially and particularly
to the four accredited loyal membeis of this House
from the State of Missouri, making therein an
accusation against them and his Excellency the
President of the United States. Fust, that at the
instance and suggestion of these four loyal mem-
bers hud an agreement with his Excellency to the
effect that Bngadier General Schofield, who has
been for a long time zealously courting senatorial
favor, was unmercifully, unsparingly, and un-
gratefully abused, and his fond anticipations of
the action of the United States Senate in his un-
merited promotion had been blasted, and his
Excellency the Piesident of the United States en-
trapped by the bad faith of these four loyal mem-
bers fionri Missouri. It is still remembered by
Congressmen that my colleague did not finish his
speech, but by unanimous consent of this House
leave was given him to print, and it happened that
the remarks alluded to are contained in that printed
portion of his speech. I desire now to disabuse
the minds of this House of the false impression
made against me by my colleague. I would have
been gratified to have done so earlier, but unfor-
tunately in the pressure of legislation of much
mote important matters, after one or two inef-
fectual attempts to obtain the floor, I have patiently
deferred to this moment, and promise to be brief
and to the point, and with a few remarks only, on
the amnesty proclamation, I will conclude.
Fortunately, Mr. Speaker, I am prepared with
primary evidence here at this Capitol, and will
not ask leave to continue my cause to subpena
witnesses—as is frequently resoited to by astute
attorneys as a dilatory plea in a bad.case, or when
they have neither law nor equity to prosecute or
defend—to prove to the satisfaction of each and
every member of this House, and even to my ac-
cuser, that we foui radical membeis of Missouri
are the only true representatives of the truly loyal,
Union, devoted, saciificing citizens and soldiers of
"that much-abused,ever-convulsed loyal State, the
State of Missouri. I have,sir, the highestgrade
and most convincing, conclusive evidence known
to this or any other civilized court or tribunal to
fasten and rivet that so-much-complained-of dec-
laration upon my colleague as an unalterable truth.
Be ye not surprised nor astounded when I tell
you, sir, that his Excellency Abraham Lincoln—
who is an honest man, and a man in his official
capacity I swear by, and to support, to as great
an extent, if not greater, than my colleague—
said in my presence, and to me, and will to-day,
sir, reiterate, that his great reliance in Missouri was
the radical Union men, and if the throats of either
the conservatives or radicals of Missouri had to
be cut, the radicals should be spared. Would I
be presumptuous in beseeching my amiable col-
league in all kindness of feeling of heart to be a
renegade, do/T the conservative cloak, and fit up
in the paraphernalia and habiliments of radicalism
under the amnesty before it is modified or for-
ever suspended ? I would warn my colleague that
should hisambition foi gubernatorial honoiscarry
him to that exalted and honorable position, he had
better be a radical, yea, a Jacobin, if lie thinks the
President intends ever to execute his will.
Again, sir, in support of our " very extraor-
dinary and unbecoming declaration" "that we
alone represented the loyal heart of our State on
this floor," will my colleague but remember the
fact that the only issue in all our State elections
since the decapitation of Jackson was-gradual or
nimediate emancipation of the slave,and perpet-
ual confiscation Qf the real and personal property
of Governor Jackson and his supporters; the
conservative Claybanks for very gradual emanci-
pation, and the.radicals for immediate emancipa-
tion and confiscation ? Now, sir, in these elections
I assume as a fact that the radical party of Mis-
souri never received one isolated single bush-
whacking rebel vote, or constitutional Union1
southern sympathetic vote. I wish my colleague
could sa-y so much for his speckled, progeny, and
of all the men who honored him with their votes.
The radical Union party of Missouri adopted the
platform of the lamented Douglas, to which my
friend fiom Kentucky alluded a day or so ago,
that there now could he but two parties in this
nation, Union men and traitors. The Union party
of Missouri charged upon the conservative Clay-
banks a sympathy for rebels, because they did not
advocate the immediate extinction of slavery in
the State. Known then to us more clearly perhaps
than to citizens of the free States that slavery in
our State, protected by statute laws, was treason
and rebellion, and until we removed it organized
bands of rebels would make raids from their
haunts and mountain*fastnesses into Union radi-
cal communities, robbing and murdering our cit-
izens, young and old, quickly letiring or scatter-
ing to their homes, leaving a spectacle of ruined,
jundone, destitute women and children,all, sir, in
consequence of our slave code, and still a majority
party then controlling the affairs of the State
would not assent to remove the war from our
State by merely abolishing slavery. 'Who, sir,
can, with such an array of historic facts,say that
our declaration was extraordinary and unbecom-
ing? Ask, sir, the Missouri volunteers, the mi-
litia of my district. Ask the wives and children
of the officers and privates of my colleague's old
regiment of his brigade, that I had the honor of
enlisting three companies for—ask all of these
gallant citizens and soldiers whether we are not
correct in our declaration. Go to the ballot-box
of the Missouri soldiery and find it almost unan-
imous for these four radicals. Sir, we might (I
was about to say) have gone much further m our
declaration consistent with truth and the facts be-
fore us. «
Sir, I come now to that portion of the remarks
accusing us of making a covert assault upon the
President, with Schofield as a blind, alleging it
to be an assault upon the President because the
Schofield protest was presented to the Senate in
open session. May i not, sir, give the history
of that protest, and show how easy a member of
this Congress can be mistaken, as well as how
very particular members should be in making so
giave and serious a charge as the one I have up
to this time been a victim of, because I could not
obtain the floor to disown and repel by incontro-
vertible evidence? That Schofield protest had its
incipiency at my suggestion; handed to the Vice
President by me with the request that it be pre-
sented to the executive session of the Senate, and I
doubt whether any Senator saw it or knew of its
existence until presented in executive session of
the Senate. I do not fear, sir, that any Senator
will contradict this statement. May I rrow assert
that that Schofield protest'filled its intended and
legitimate mission before it was brought to view
by the honorable Senator from Missouri? That
it did become public is true. And I can see no
reason why all citizens of this country are not as
much entitled to that information as they are to
one of Newton '.^agricultural reports, with its pic-
tures, or McCIeltan's teport, with the letter of the
President on page 43. I am not olie, at any rate,
to deprive them of it.
Now, sir, I cannot get my consent to believe
that las Excellency ever accepted or offered to
make a trade of a 'nature such as my colleague
charges him with. 1 have and entertain a higher
opinion of the Presidentofthis now powerful war-
like nation, and the Commander-in-Chief of the
A nny of over, pei haps, thiee quarters of a million
of able-bodied soldiery, than to believe him capa-
ble of such trickery. I will not cluuge my col-
league with making a covert assault upon the
President, and the four radicals of Missouri, the
pitiful, miserable pretext, an assault mostextraor-
dmary and unbecoming. Sir, I am not> in propria
persona, a party to this trade, and I merely con-
clude my colleague was impost d upon, as the
great Benton was when lie was induced to make
an unwise canvass m our State tor Governor,
These unfounded charges of infidelity preferred
against me have not in the least lessened or es-
tranged me from the President, for which purpose
I conclude they, were intended. I fe$l at perfect
liberty to ask for favors for my consitueney now,
and expect to recei-ve them, as.I h-ave heretofore
done and received. Like all American citizens,,!
exercise my,privilege,£nd right to, honestly .differ
with him, and 1 do differ -widely and materially
in some things, and one* of ^hich, allow «ve tp
say, is to have my colleague foreshadowhispolicy
and defend hirn a la.mode Don Quixote. ; *
I am here, sir, by the order of a iarge Union
majority of m.y district, and by their advice,'my
own convictions as a patriot, and dev.otiou to jay
country, to support the Administration in a vig-
orous prosecution of this war \o an honorable
termination—honorable to every ;man, woman,
and child in the nation, whether expressed or im-
plied or not by the Constitution; if necessary ride
over it in order to save and restore it ii>.ai.l,of~its
beautiful parts, I am. here, sir, to aid this Ad-
ministration in the protection he rs endeavoring to
give loyal subjects every wheFeand savetheCrov-
ernment from the hands and power of the enemy;
to vote the Government to the verge of bankruptcy
in increased pay to ajl soldiers,Siate or national,
who are lighting under the stars and stripes, if ne-
cessary. I am ready to do any act which should
be done to preserve liberty and universal freedom,
right or wrong- If it is revolution to do so,.theft,
sir, I am a revolutionist; if jacobinical, I #m a
Jacobin. I am here, sir, to give my humble and
full influence in establishing and attaining that
Missouri "cosmos, "and make it national. Now,
sir, what is my colleague here for? i have heard
it said it was to vote against all Administration
measures coming from this side of thistiouse, to
distract the Union element of thus House, thereby
preventing th(e necessary 'legislation for the-com-
fort of our soldier* And the means for the ma-
chinery of the Government.so absolutely neces-
sary to harmonize every department, acting no
doubt honestly and in accordance with his supe-
rior judgment to a great extent with that side of
the Mouse who are opposing the proclamation
of freedom, who are opposed to, making negroes
soldiers, who desire to make peace by appointing
commissioners to treat with the insane confeder-
acy and the reconstruction with political-rights to
traitors. I here rest this defense and exposition,
knowing that a loyal constituenay.and a-grateful
people will correctly decide \yhich of us-is the
Administration member. , :
Now, sir, my Lexington-district colleague, the
member from, Missouri—who-was seen by this
House to ever sneeze when my colleague from
St. Louis took snuff-—he is absent, afraid, per-
haps, of the nine-gun battery commanded by a
gallant Captain Dawes, and Is understood to be
in his case double-shotted, and for prudential
reasons has complied with the advice,
"He that fights and inns away,
May live to fight another day."
Without further remark to his satire and sar-
casm, 1 will leave him in lys wicked pilgrimage
with the consolation to him that—
" The time has come, I knew u must,
When you and I ehould part;
But 1 coa'-od to boiieve when I ceased to trust,
And your tiash did not pain my heart."
Mr. Chairman, we are aware of the fact that
Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri, by an insaBe
act on the part of the State authorities of each of
those States, revolted against this Government,
and it must not be thought that we were deaf to the
fact that a deep suspicion rested upon the loyalty
of us throughout the free States, and in some
localities and by some individuals we are yet
I' wrongfully and ungratefully suspicioned; and I
j mil mortified, sir, that an intimation has been
11 made on the floor of this House by my colleague
| from St. Louis district that our sincerity is ques-
:j tionable, because, sir, and only because we ar-
■i dently and zealously support the Administration
ij1 and are thoioughly radicalized ju the free policy
j of this Government, and the,most vigorous, unre-
lenting prosecution of this war to a speedy sub-
j jugation of every man, white or black, who op-
J poses this Government, An unfortunate re-mark,
| if he, my colleague, is a friend to Missouii.
| The amnesty is at least premature, if the exer-
j ciso of that high prerogative of pardoning traitors,
i men who have without cause raised up ;in their
