1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <JL0®fL
mightand power to destroy the Government that ]l
.gave them birth, prosperity, happiness, comfort,
and privileges, such as no other people enjoyed
on this earth, and men who have invaded the
happy circles of every family in the nation, and
shrouded the portals of each and every habita-
tion, rich and poor; men, sir, who are lost to all
sense of honor and propriety, who hold no more
the obligations of an oath with their hands upon
the Holy Evangelists, sacred, who are steeped in
crime, and are inmates of the slimy pools of per-
jury; men, sir, who are fit companions for mur-
derers and the basest felons only.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the amnesty as
is now promulgated, and will ever in my pilgrim-
age on this earth oppose such an unwise and hu-
miliating act of the present incumbent of the pres-
idential chair, or any other.
Mr. Chairman, the loyal people of my State,
and particularly my district, have gone through
the fiery ordeal. They know by the most severe
experience what it is to be loyal; they have felt
the pangs and torture of an exile; they have re-
turned to their once happy homes only to find
.them desolated and a barren wilderness. Here
and there in their once pleasant yards they see a
.grave or two, the last and only evidence of a wife
and an only child, brought about, consummated
by these bad men who are pardoned.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the amnesty,
because it falls too heavily and only practically
fells upon loyal citizens in these loyal slave States.
May 1 say, sir, not intending the most distant
reflection, that the people I have the honor to rep-
resent.in this Hall are as loyal as the people of
Massachusetts or any other State in this Union?
Is it possible, Mr. Chairman, that you intend to
place these bad men among us with the same
rights, the same legal respect, the same privileges
which we have sacrificed our all to perpetuate?
Are you, sir, disposed to bring about by law a
humiliation to the hearts and sense of the loyal
people of Missouri in this manner, degrading to
us? not that we are any better than other loyal
people, but a shame, a blasting, withering shame
'to the lowest classes of humanity. You may,
sir, you have, sir, the power to enforce obedi-
ence upon our helpless loyal people. Do this act,
and the poet has well said in his couplet—
" The world, old as the flood,
' For ages on ages lias steeped that world in blood."
Is this the reward of loyalty? Is this to con-
clude this war? Speak, tell me so, and I have
no further bright prospects of a greatand power-
'ful Government. Tell me that this is the basis
of settlement with these bad men, and I will then
know that I was sadly mistaken in the high
measure of American honor, of American dignity, j
of American gratitude, of American courage.
May I warn but not threaten? This amnesty is
a mistaken mercy; and instead of having a good
and wholesome effect, and that, too, at the ex-
pense ofdishonor to the loyal people, it will surely
kindle a spirit of opposition dangerous to con- <
template. You may, sir, make bandits of the
best men in the Government; you may relax the
now firm confidence in the stability ot this Gov-
ernment in all of its departments; you may bring
about confusion and disintegration, so much de-
sired by the bad men and enemies of this Gov-
ernment; you may change the whole machinery
of this Government; you may blast the fondest
hopes and anticipations of the millions in every
quarter of this globe for the perpetuity of this fiee ;
republican Government. Mr. Chairman, time will
tell that these are no idle suggestions. An en or
now committed is more dangerous to this Gov- [
ernment than all the armed rebels in the army of >
the South. I pray, Mr. Chairman, let us avert |
this danger by an appeal to his Excellency to re- .
call, revoke, or modify. The loyal people of this
Government are the owners of it, and I cannot be-
lieve it disrespectful in the least degree to ask his
Excellency to do so. ,
The practical result of this proclamation of
amnesty to traitors, the full pardon and restora-
tion to all the privileges and immunities vouch-
safed to soldiers and citizens of this nation by our
form of Government, will harass and disturb the
public sense and mind of loyal men, and may
endanger the harmonyand now comparative quiet
of the people. No traitor will accept of its eon-
tlitions who is a fit neighbor lor you 01* me. We
will get a few of the lowest order of men, con-
victs,deserters,cowards, robbers,such as are not
fit to live and poorly prepared to die. Such will
comply, and none others. My opinion is that
this is a war of subjugation and exile. Thou-
sands will flee the realm, and take refuge in for-
eign climes, while a large remainder will live in
the southern States as marked traitors without
political rights, and will -be content with the ex-
perimental knowledge, " the way of the trans-
gressor is hard." Another class of them, and by
no means inconsiderable and insignificant, will
live for many years, even after we have routed
their armies and dissipated their great bodies of
soldiery, and taken possession of the country;
they will live in small compact piratical bodies in
the mountains and swamps of the southern States,
live, sir,foryears after this war is concluded, and
in spite, too, of the exertions of our Federal cav-
alry to destroy them.
The history of the war in the Missouri depart-
ment brings to light the fact that about one half
of all the rebels killed and captured had in their
possession the solemn oath of allegiance to the
United States Government. Ought the pardoning
power be extended to so greatly debased perjur-
ers? Isitsafe.isitwiseyis it justice to the soldiers
of our Army? This amnesty I have long since be-
lieved was pressed upon the President—mercy as
a pretext—but for an entirely different purpose.
It was intended to operate in the State elections
this fall; loyal men of Missouri were to be chained,
manacled, and imprisoned, horse and dragoon,
by the pardoned traitors. Yes, sir, the very men
who destroyed the gallant home-guard army of
our great chieftain of the West, the dead Lyon,
are to be brought home again in our midst and
rivet upon us slavery with all of its accompany-
ing evils; our freedom convention is to be de-
feated, and our political power crushed. This
may all occur, it may all happen, the ways and
means are digested, and the conspiracy exultant;
it may happen, sir, but my opinion is it will be
a costly happening. What, sir, traitors of Mis-
souri to be welcomed home to partake of the hos-
pitalities of-this Government and receive benefits
therefrom! They may be induced back; if in
my district, we have self-respect enough yet,and
the will and determination at all hazards to meet
traitors as they only should be met.
Mr. VOORHEES addressed the committee for
an hour. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. ANDERSON next addressed the commit-
tee. [Hts remarks will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
DEMOCRACY REVIEWED.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, we have
listened this afternoon toavery remarkable speech
from the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
hees.j 1 regret that he is not now in his seat, as
I shall notice a few of his most extraordinary
statements. One of his first utterances was that
we are at the feet of a usurper. That is no small
compliment to the President of the United States.
He a usurper! Why, sir, we saw him, on the
eastern poitico of.this Capitol, take the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
That was not the act of a usurper; and all his
acts arein keeping with his oath, in my judgment.
The gentleman also informs us that the Repub-
lic is dying. If it be dying, I desire 10 ask him
how ? Dying, if at all, by the acts of traitors in
arms at the South, and ot sympathizers 011 this
floor, and in the northern part of the country,
avowed Democrats.
He passed out of his way to traduce one of the
generals of the national Army. He calls him " the
monster Burnside." Why has that gallant offi-
cer drawn upon his head the vials of the gentle-
man's wrath? Is it because General Burnside
was always in the front of his army and was ever
ready to fight? A friend of mine who happened
to have two sons in the Army once said to me
that I should not talk so much against McClel-
lan, " for," said he, " he is a man that I love." 1
asked him what he had done. The reply was,
" He is a friend of mine. I have had two sons
under him for many months in the Army, and
they have come home without a scratch, thank
God." That is the condition of the General hira-
self. As I understand, he has never been in the
'! range of musket-ball or cannon-shot; and he is
,i woithy of the gentleman's compliments.
The gentleman from Indiana .eulogizes Clem-
ent L. vallandigham as a "Christian statesman.
Clement L. "Vallandigham a Christian statesman!
Why., sir, did we,not hear, him declare .oo.thip
floor during the last sessiop of Congress that, he
never, hatl voted, andttyat he never would vpte, a
dollar to carry on this war ? And yet he- is
here as a Christianand a patriot.. lie was pl?tce(l
in the right position by the Government.when he
was sent among his friends at, the South, and. Rel>"
haps he is not.greatly out of his right position
now among the 'Tories of Canada.,' ...
He further asks, Has the Adrmmstrationgiven
us domestic tranquillity ? I will tell tbe gentleman
why we have not now domestic tranquillity. It
is because the Government has been engaged in
fighting the armed enemy at the South and at the
same time fighting theinsidiousenemy in the rear
at home.' The people understand this.
The gentleman from Indiana has alluded to an-
other pure-minded patriot, as he calls him, Mr-
Alexander Stephens, the pure-minded patriot of
Georgia. I grant you, sir, that Mr. Stephens is a
noble Democrat after the gentleman's;pattern; and
why? Mr. Stephenshas declared that the found-
ations of the southern .confederacy are different
from those of any other republic, its corner-atone
resting on negro slavery.
The gentleman says that peace woyld.comc if
the leaders on both sides would stand aside. Do
thp loyal people of the country.ask that? Are
twenty million people to bow down before six or
eight million in arms, upheld by three, million
slaves? And yet that is,the test the gentleman
invites, which allies his votes given during this
session ofCongress to measures which in myjudg-
meritafford the highest gratification to thetraitors*
conclave at Richmond.
There is here, I know, nominally, a war and
peace wing to the party in opposition, and the
excuses found for inaction may be represented by
the pleas of the camel-bird of the desert, known
as the ostrich. Ask it to carry: No. Iamabird.
Bid it fly: No, I am a camel. Thus has there been
an alternation of excuses here save on the ques-
tion of early adjournment for dinner and large
appropriations of money.
We asked for a more efficient Array bill to at
once fill up our depleted regiments in the field
and early bring the rebellion to a close, and you
delayed it weeks by denouncing the.policy of the
war and the tyranny of a draft.
The confiscation bill, with tender regard for the
traitors, you pronounced unconstitutional, and by
your votes deliberately asserted that they who have
got up this " dance of death" should not pay the
piper, and that there is more justice and states-
man ship in securing the estates of rebel slave-own-
ers to their children than to put their proceeds,
as a measure of safety, into the national Treas-
ury, and of justice in giving a portion to our brave
soldiery and the children of patriots made orphans
in our war of defense of liberty.
To the resolutions which I had the honor to
introduce asking for more vigorous efforts to en-
list acclimated colored men in our Army,, and
spare our northern mechanics and farmers to their
industrial employments and their families, you
made opposition; establishing this, that your pre-
judice against black men is sti anger than the love
for your white constituency, and shows your in-
disposition to use that arm of our power and the
policy of war which the rebels so much dread.
The proposed amendment of the Constitution
to blot out. slavery by law met with some favor.
These and similar acts give a denial to the as-
sumptions so often -made in behalf of a neutral
party, a non-intervention party, a war party, or
a peace party, being neither, but embracing all
that is offensive in these designations, neithercold
nor hot, proposing no direct intervention for liberty
is its spirit; no war but with protection to slavery
u condition precedent; and peace on any.terms.
The rebel cause has been discussed by the gen-
tleman fiom Indiana and others, and what more
than a sigh can have escaped the peace-proposing
friends across the Chamber that bankruptcy has
become the second peculiar institution of the
South ? What terms of reprobation are heard for
that society which under the instruction of mod-
ern Democratic Cabinet officials has reduced steal-
ing to one of the fine arts; dignified perjury to the
rank of the learned professions; and raised assas-
sination to the keystone in the arch of cardinal
