954:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarchS,
virtues, supported by robbing of the poor and the
rearing of their children for the shambles? None.
The hope of the return of the traitors to the Union
is found in the leniency of this Government to their
institution for which they made war, and the
restoration of Democracy to power is dependent
either upon the defeat of our armies or the return
of their allies of eleven States into the Union.
Such is the party in whose golden circles are held
the carnival of traitors, and so base and shame-
less is its political harlotry, who would not for
the honor of his country rather go backward and
hide its nakedness than name the party founded
by Jefferson as recreant to its first principles and
apostatized ?
It vaunts itself, and only hopes for power by
the calamities of our defenders, as hungry vul-
tures are satiated when the long-watched and
reeling brute falls to be their prey. Was such
the spirit of the early leaders? They were the
statesmen who would not put the word slave in
our Constitution; who meditated only that all our
States should be free,and forbade slavery bylaw
on the virgin soil of the Northwest. It brought
us through the second long and bloody war with
the mother country; it humbled the spirit of nul-
lification, and, up to the invention of the cotton-
gin and a profitable internal slave trade, it was a
party of the people, a terror to official profligates,
and the foe of oppression everywhere.
Later it turned to worship false gods, in dec-
laration of war against the Seminole Indians to
break up the rendezvous of escaped slaves in Flor-
ida; it made war on Mexico to extend slavery on
fields unblighted by its curse; it enacted repug-
nant fugitive slave laws, and sought by the pa-
tronage,power, and finesse of two Administrations
to force a slave constitution upon the State of
Kansas; and its late disruption for slavery and the
complicity of the northern wing in lending encour-
agement to the traitors is so clearly proven by
the prediction of ex-President Pierce and promise
to Jeff. Davis that, the "fighting would not be
along Mason and Dixon's line merely, it will be
within our own borders, in our own streets, be-
tween the two classes of citizens to whom I have
referred ;" by the sympathy of the mayor of New
York for Georgia by the detention of her arms,
and the avowed opinion of Jeff. Davis' that he
should receive the substantial aid of twenty thou-
sand men from that city, and the flocking of thou-
sands of Democrats from the North to the standard
of rebellion; facts taken with the declaration of
General Gantt that while a prisoner of war he was
assured by prominentDemocratsofPennsyivania
" that if the rebels would hold out a little longer
they would be successful, for the Democrats of
the North would arrest the war by defeating the
conscription and otherwise render the Adminis-
tration powerless to prosecute it," and the earnest
support by this Congress of Vallandigham, the
great sham hero leader, forebode, in the language
of the last Richmond Examiner, trouble in the
Northwest: "gracious buds of promise which with
the approach of their elections may bloom and
blossom into bloody fruit of revolution." Such
are the hopes which Democratic dalliance and
legislation, Golden Knights, and peace resolutions
inspire. And is this the neutral or non-intervention
party, the treachery of whose leaders has as truly
passed into history as that of Judas, and whose
apostasy to liberty is as shameless as that of Ju-
lian to the Christian religion? Yet before our
soldiery, who know that the war has been pro-
longed and that thousands of lives have been of-
fered up in sacrifice to love of slavery and of party,
they fain, like Pilate, would wash their hands of
guilt, when all " Neptune'soccan" could not wash
their hands clean of the blood. Let me give later
and specific proofs of the apostasy of the Demo-
cratic leaders; and my movement shall not be on
the flank, but the center.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] has addressed me his speech, and not
having had an opportunity to notice it since I
heard it delivered, I will make allusions to it as
illustiative ofthe subject now underconsideration.
Being the member who, when many of us were
school-boys,sat in this Hall,and is now the gen-
tleman fertile in speeches, resolutions, motions,
amendments, objections, and deemed an adroit
leader of one wing of the party, and a presidential
candidate, I commend his sentiments to those who
are in doubt whether the Democratic party has
apostatized or is dead. These are some of the
gushing, patriotic utterances: "No Government
has pursued a foe with such unrelenting, vindic-
tive malignity as we are now pursuing those who
came into the Union with us." That is the pre-
cise sentimentof Jeff. Davis and BrotherToombs,
who telegraphed to the mayor about the arms de-
tained in New York after Georgia had gone out
of the Union, resolved to fight.
Here is a question: " I ask, in the name of the
American people, when shall this hellish crusade
of blood and famine cease?" A most compli-
mentary allusion to the Government seeking to
restore the Union, and to the soldiery in the field,
and the braves who suffered and died by thou-
sands without a tear or a groan for their country!
These sentiments fully explain the bloody mob
in NewYork in resistance to the draft, which the
rebel press declared to be worth more than a first-
class victoiy to their cause, which was fitly led
by Andrews, the Virginia Democrat, who from
the color of his paramour was no anti-miscegen.
By resolution the gentleman styles this "an
inhuman war," and brings the high-wines of his
opinions into a single sentence, thus:
„Titis war must cease, X eare not how, or from what
cause, whether by exhaustion on either side, by southern
submission or success, by mediation, or by northern magna-
nimity, or by northern seme of self-preservation."
And this is the plump sentence and sentiment
of a member of the Thirty-Eighth Congress on
a war which called for the sacrifice of hecatombs
of men in that struggle where " resistance to ty-
rantsis obedience to God." Indifferent whether
peace is gained by rebel submission or success;
whether the country is divided, and slavery made
the corner-stone of an empire; whether traitors
shall pay for their own music in this dance of
demons, or loyalty shall pay for all; whether his-
tory shall adjudge the Government imbecile and
our Army cravens and cowards, or our veterans
return with victorious banners, having doomed
slavery, and founded a nation so firm, so mighty
and free that Heaven shall look down to see!
Sir, these monstrous,cold-blooded expressions
of indifference from a northern peace party are
moreeffectivein giving thatencouragement which
prolongs the war than the temporary victories
gained by rebels in arms. The chief traitor, be-
fore vacating his seat in the Senate, resented the
denial that in the city of New York there were
ten thousand men who would take sides with the
South in a war, by a declaration that there were
not ten but twenty thousand who would join
them. This is well authenticated, and stands
with the contemporaneous circumstance that,five
days after the State of Georgia had gone out of
the Union, and five months after an armed prep-
aration to resist the Government of the United
States, thegentleman from NewYork telegraphed
to Mr. Toombs this language:
"I regret to say that arms intended for and consigned to
the State of Georgia have been seized by the police of this
State, but that the city of New York should ill no way be
made responsible for tiie outrage. As mayor, I have no au-
thority over the police. If I had the power r should sum-
marily punish the authors of this illegal and unjustifiable
seizure of private property."
Judging by these facts and the sympathies of
semi-secession sheets in the North, and the in-
terest which the rebels have taken in the action
of the Democratic party in State elections and by
a majority in this Congress, no rational man can
doubt that the peace Democracy have, by cavils,
party threats, resistance to the draft, and the
avowed indifference expressed by the gentleman
from New York, earned more than the doubtful
compliment bestowed upon the late Rufus Choate
for his learning and eloquence that he made it
safe to murder, and of the state of the gentleman's
health thieves asked before they began to steal.
The gentleman takes shelter under the great
name of Chatham, the advocate of the cause of
the Colonies and friend of the race. Never was
there a more violent use of the honor and fame
ofthe dead; no, not the dimmest satellite can he
be to our great friend, who would break fetters
and not forge them.
Edmund Buike is another patriot whose name
is invoked in this well-known language:
" Let mc add that I do not choose wholly to break the
American spirit, because it is the spirit which lias made
my country."
The quotation has 110 significance except in-
terpreted to mean: I do not choose wholly to
arms, the spirit of the slaveocracy-traitors in
break for it is their spirit that has made my party,
and it is to their votes that we must look for a
restoration to power. So appreciative a peace-
maker could reach the rebel capital without a
flag of truce, and would be hailed by the pickets
on guard as a brother. If thegentleman is to be
appointeda peace commissioner, being tfourgently
pressed by the anti-miscegen gentleman from Ohio,
(who finds himself in the Illustrated News pos-
teriorly located to the Pegasus which his protege
is astride,) I shall make these a few of the condi-
tions precedent to giving my vote for the appoint-
ment: that mausoleums for leading traitors shall
not be built north of the Potomac; that New York
police officers and United States marshals shall
nave immunity from punishment for detaining
arms from Georgia rebels; and that until the scars
of our soldiers are healed the funeral cortege and
showy processions for pirates and military assas-
sins shall be unattended with martial music and
be kept on the by-streets.
' Sir, I should not have discharged my duty as a
member of this House had I forborne going to the
verge of parliamentary propriety in expressing
my detestation of sentiments uttered here which
lead to distrust in our Army and strengthen the
enemy in arms.
Our soldiers are properly sensitive, and when
speakers with popular fame stigmatize their valor
as " a hellish crusade," not caring whether the
country is saved or lost, I will not be silent; nor
can I refrain from saying that had the gentleman
from New York kept his appointments in the
State of Iowa the last autumn, and in the fourth
district, which 1 am informed has furnished more
than thirteen thousand brave men for our Army,
exceeding the number furnished by any other
congressional district, and uttered the sentiments
announced in this Hall in any political gathering
or on our railroads in the presence of soldiers with
gaping wounds and wasted by sickness, much as
they love freedom of speech and deprecate per-
sonal violence, I could only have been assured
that his next political conferee would have been
Charon, the ferryman, just preceding that wel-
come, " Hail! horrors, hail 1"
Since the war with Michael and the Dragon in
heaven, there never has been a contest where the
character and purposes of the actors were so
clearly defined as in this contest; yet here we must
listen to tepid if not treasonable speech. Would
such be tolerated in Richmond, where there is
Satanic sagacity? No; and I have authority for
the opinion that such language uttered in the time
of our Revolution would have branded its author
as a traitor, and compelled him to seek a refuge
" over the border"iri that early elysium for out-
laws and Tories; and had kindred language been
uttered in a Roman senate, when her institutions
were on trial, the speaker would have been hurled
from theTarpeian rock; but in the American Con-
gress a characterization of our war as a " hellish
crusade of blood" furnishes the latest type of
peace Democracy.
Let me pass to the illustrative gentleman from
Ohio, who is said to represent another wing of
this party. The blood-hound leaps not more in-
stinctively at the throat of theaffrighted deer than
do men reveal the hidden springs and purposes
of action, having the voiceof leadership and hold-
ing the reins of party guidance. And how stands
the gentleman, not now the" Buckeye Abroad,"
but here, with almost pontifical authority, declar-
ing that slavery is not to go into the next political
canvass—as well bind iEolus or stay the tide—and
that his party is not pro-slavery?
Sir, the gentleman early in this session struck
the keynote for his party by at once proclaiming
his fealty to slavery and the apostasy of the De-
mocracy. His act I might not have noticed, but
that the officiating clergyman of this House was
characterized as our amalgamation Chaplain; a
gentleman, [Di-.Channing,] whose name, culture,
piety, professional devotion, and untiring minis-
trations to the sick and dying soldiers in our hospi-
tals should have spared him an association in that
politicaldrag-netsetforpartisanpurposesathome,
and drawn with the grimaces of buffoonery in d Hat-
ing on the miscegens. This significant act was the
nominationand support ofaChapIainfor this Con-
gress, with attending circumstances that set forth
in a strong light the apostasy of Democracy from
the ancientfaith. It was known that peace Demo-
