1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBil
955
crats, acting as vestrymen in the State of New
York, had forbidden the reading of prayers for
our soldiers in the field in several churches; that
Bishop Hopkins, of Vermont, had convinced
Bishop Meade, of Virginia, of the right of seces-
sion; that the Vermont bishop had written a work
on slavery which was published by a Democratic
association in New York for the " diffusion of
political knowledge," and circulated to influence
the recent elections; and that the'learned and de-
voted Bishop Potter, of Pennsylvania, had issued
a pastoral letter with the purpose of counteract-
ing the influence of this clerical outlaw, who is the
only pastor known to have a charge in the north-
ern States who declares God to be in favor of the
slavery of the negro race.
The gentleman from Ohio desired a spiritual
adviser for his party, and he bestows his compli-
ments and suffrage with a consistency more be-
coming his acts than his professions. He goes
up to Vermont, on whose sacred soil a slave never
trod, where the rills and the rivers murmur only the
song of the free, and where the grand old mount-
ains rise so near heaven that they hold their breath
in refusal to reecho the voice of a traitor, and there
com pliments senility and apostasy by an insult to
the memory and fame of Allen and Warren and
every Representative and native of that State on
this floor. His candidate obtained fifty-four votes
for Chaplain.
This act may have a relationship to a church
movement, inaugurated by bankrupt politicians
who have discovered that there is now found no
existing church order that is favorable to the
growth of Democracy, and not wholly "given over
to believing a lie;" there is yet compunction of con-
science in having revived the courage of southern
brethren in arms, where the late demonstrations
in favor of McClellan for the Presidency are re-
ceived with favor, and congressional peace prop-
ositions occasion exultation; they seek a way to
heaven by the new church without passing through
purgatory.
In the official call for its founding it is declared
■ it is "for all lovers of freedom, and for Democrats
■who want the Union as it was and the Constitu-
tion as it is;" and being the first instance that ve-
nality and slavery have so openly called religion
to their aid, it is reserved for an eminent martyr
in Ohio to be intrusted with its temporal struc-
ture; and a gentleman of this Congress having
with great sagacity indicated who should be in-
vested with the bishopric, I shall not stop to dis-
sent from the public acclaim that it is the " Olds
Coxian church," but draw from the fact and in-
cidents of its founding an illustration in support
of my position of the apostasy of modern Democ-
racy. It is the counterpart of the southern con-
federacy, of which Mr. Stephens, the vice presi-
dent, says, " Its foundations are laid, its corner-
stone rests upon this, that slavery is the natural
and normal condition of the African." "This
stone, rejected by the first builders, is become the
chief stone of the corner in our new edifice;" and
here goes up its counterpart, a northern Demo-
cratic church. With satanic intoxication, it is
conceived in effort to perpetuate the curse of Ca-
naan , and it is fit that the indecent exposure which
led to the curse should have the attendant of
drunkenness and profane cursing.
Brahman and Thug worship the monsters near-
est in correspondence with their lusts and crimes.
And in the founding of this n%w Democratic
church, which has no parallel in blasphemy since
the proclamation of Jeff. Davis for days of fasting
and prayer, all the damnable paraphernalia of sla-
very, " with the Union as it was," wilt bring into
use for material foundations slave-whips, pronged
collars, heavy manacles, and branding-irons;and
for the superstructure refuse auction-blocks and
dilapidated slave-pens could be obtained in this
capital which would lend a sad but historic in-
terest to the enterprise. For the chancel, bones
of victims offered in holocaust would be most
appropriately used, and the keen-visaged upholder
of "king cotton" opposite to the trained blood-
hounds, the urim and thummim of the new tem-
ple, would give grand effect to the altar-piece.
Emblazoned pictures of martyrs ofboth sexes who
followed in the train of St. Vallandigham and Mrs.
Onderdonk in angelic vestments should fill the
windows, and busts in plaster might be set in the
vestibule and corners to represent the mold di-
vine of those political devotees to the new church
and their country who have made every sacrifice
for them save by their tears, their money, and
their blood.
Thus constituted, there being in all so much of
thefitnesB of things in the poverty of the' new en-
terprise, thenon-electchaplain, butcalled bishop,
might dispense gratuitous service, and with kin-
dred charity as a layman and admirer of the aus-
tere virtues of the prelate, and with a heart full of
gratitude for the prospects of his Zion and clerical
protege without designation,who doubts that there
would be a volunteer usher and sexton,who would
involuntarily exclaim, " 1 had rather be a door-
keeper to this new sanctuary of pure political wor-
thies than to dwell in the tents of abolitionists and
miscegens?"
Sir, these facts, almost too base for a name,
invite the satire oi^a Rabelais and the pen of a
Swift, the literary prince and scourge of impos-
ture and villanies; but without comment, as His-
torical incidents they indicate as plainly the apos-
tasy of the leaders who aspire to control the
country as drifting flood-wood tells the course of
the stream.
A true party in sympathy with the people,
moved by common gratitude to the brave defend-
ers of their country, would have been prompt in
vindication of their rights by awarding to the citi-
zen soldier the privilege of the elective franchise.
Our volunteer army could have no interests alien
to the general welfare. They were among the
truest of our nobility, the pride of our Israel, and
the superiors of the masses in patriotism and
courage, having gone forth from the high and
honorable walks of life our equals in rights as
citizens, in intelligence ahd charactcr as men. It
ill became a great party to stand upon technicali-
ties when the sacrifice and valor of our scarred and
war-worn veterans appealed to our States for bal-
lots to deposit in attestation of love for that home
they were defending with privation, treasure, and
blood.
How did the Democratic party meet this ap-
peal, and what has been its record on this ques-
tion when there was a possibility of keeping bal-
lots from our soldiers since the rebellion began ?
The answers are unequivocal, furnishing the most
conclusive evidence that the party leaders, who,
in season and out of season, have vaunted their
championship of the injured and the rights of the
people, were fearful of the soldiers' verdict; and
by their acts proved that they had apostatized
from the early Democratic faith. Their claim,
like the clear flash of the light, comes home to the
mind of every legislator with many reasons for
permitting our soldiers to use the representative
ballot for one that could be framed for its exercise
by the cooler-blooded stay-at-home citizen; and
in lieu of arguments against their rights we have
the jeers of the press, partisan votes in State Le-
gislatures, the tricks of caucuses and most sig-
nificant acts which I shall, as a chronicler of the
time, combine to prove the recreancy of Democ-
racy. Its base ingratitude, "sharper than a ser-
pent's tooth," to our high-minded and sensitive
volunteers, was expressed in preparation for the
action of State Legislatures by the eminent lit-
erary oracle of the party in this language:
"The common soldiers have gone to the war for pay, the
officers for honor mid potitical purposes, and few. if any,
moved by patriotism."
This base calumny was often repeated,
" For slander lives upon succession,
Forever housed where it gets possession,"
with modifications by a venial press, biased
courts, and influenced State Legislatures of doubt-
ful loyalty; and that there was a proper apprecia-
tion by the soldiers of the issue and the nature of
partisan scruples, is evinced by the returns of the
last election, which show that out of 79,000 votes
cast in six States the Union party had 82,000,and
Democracy 7,000, varying from seventeen per
cent, for the independent military candidate for
Governor without a platform in Iowa, down to a
per cent, so small in Pennsylvania, where General
McClellan indorsed the Democratic candidate, that
it cannot easily be computed.
With brevity 1 will give the record of States on
soldiers' voting, beginning with New York. In
the Assembly of that State in 1863 there was a
tie party vote without the Speaker, and when the
question of soldiers voting was first raised, emi-
nent Democrats took ground against their right
in the abstract, and afterwards denied them a vote
on professed constitutional scruples. Governor
Seymour, to avoid the issue, sent a warning note
to the Union members, in disregard of which
every member of the Union party in that Assem-
bly voted to extend suffrage to the soldiers, and
every Democrat voted against giving, suffrage,
and the Governor vetoed the bill.
In the State of Connecticut the Democrats of
the Legislature of 1869 opposed soldiers voting,
and in the Legislature of 1863, on the proposition
for amending the constitution to remove all legal
objection, every Democrat voted againstits amend-
ment.
The Democrats in the Legislature of the State
of Pennsylvania voted against extending suffrage
to the soldiers in 1863; and the present year, whne
every Union member of the Legislature voted for
the proposition, and have gained the boon, every
Democrat was silent or voted against it. In the
States of Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, and Min-
nesota, where soldiers vote, the law was resisted
with the same Democratic unanimity. In the
State of Minnesota a notice of contest tor the seat
of one of the Representatives in Congress from
that State was served on the ground of the ille-
gality of the soldiers' vote. At the present ses-
sion of the Legislature of the State of Ohio in
contested-election cases every Democrat voted to
unseat members elected by the soldiers, and a
leader of the party opposed the law for the reason
that " ourliberties would soon be destroyed if the
Army should be allowed to vote."
The State of New Jersey, being the only north-
ern State where the peace party preponderates in
the Legislature, scouts the idea of extending the
elective franchise to her soldiers, and through one
of her members insults our defenders by the pre-
sentation of a bill forbidding bodies of soldiers to
approach within a mile of any placc where an elec-
tion is held in a city, or within two miles if held
elsewhere. I am not advised of the action of any
other State on this question save that which I in
part represent—the State of Iowa. At the extra
session of the Legislature in 1862 there was but
feeble opposition to the soldiers voting, but almost
the entire Democratic press deprecated the action
of their party, and boards of supervisors in many
cases refused to count the soldiers'votes, depriv-
ing Union men of the offices to which they had
been elected; and against a verdict of near four-
teen hundred votes the seat of a member on this
floor from Iowa has, up to a very recent period,
been contested on the ground of soldiers voting.
To fill up the measure of political infamy the fol-
lowing resolution of the Democratic State central
committee was adopted in 1863:
" Resolved That, as a measure of mitigating the abomina-
ble inequalities of the unconstitutional conscription act by
which Democrats were sought to be forced into an aboli-
tion war which they detest, it is recommended that the
ratification meetings to be held through the State on or
about the 1st of August, do petition the county authorities
to appiopriate a sufficiency of the public money to com-
mute the military service,or in other words purchase our
freedom (as the rich are provided to do for themselves) of
each poor white man who may be dratted in Iowa, mid
upon whose labor a family may be dependent for support."
The monstrous character and unmixed treason
of this resolution is seen in the deliberate attempt
to keep soldiers from the Army, that the rebels
might triumph in the field, and their quiet ac-
complices at home triumph by the success of the
Democratic party at the elections. It was noth-
ing less than a proposition to tax the soldiers'
farms at home; to detain men from coming to their
rescue who were dying in the southern miasma
and threatened to be overborne by the demons of
secession in arms, as thousands of their comrades
had been when outnumbered.
The fall of Vicksburg and Port Hudson fired
anew the hearts of the people, and the sick and
the wounded returning in great numbers plead
for men to fill the depleted ranks; and in most of
our towns there were ladies' societies formed to
supply the wants of the soldiers in the hospitals
and in the field, and county boards of supervisors
voted freely money to soldiers' families, and so
delicate were these attentions that the recipients
felt no degradation in receipting for money while
husband or son was in the service of his country
receiving the small compensation of the common
soldier. These efforts wore met on the part of
peace Democrats by a system of secret organiza-
tions to discourage' enlistments, and while indi-
viduals and counties were exhibiting such liber-
ality and devotion, it was reserved for the only
