958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
cannot accept. Can you force others upon them
except at the point of the bayonet and the can-
non's mouth? It is impossible. In a late num-
ber of the Richmond Enquirer I find the follow-
ing:
"It is ail or nothing; the confederacy or the Yankee na-
tion, one or tile other, must go down, (Iowa to perdition;
one or tile other must forfeit its national existence, and lie
at the merey of the other."
This is the issue, the dread alternative. We
must accept it. The people have already accepted
it, and have decided that this fierce and wicked
rebellion must and shall be put down by the force
of arms; that the confederacy is the government
that shall go down, down to black perdition.
However the people may be divided on minor
points, on this one there is great unanimity of sen-
timent, at least a large majority have determined
that this rebellion must and shall be crushed, and
this Government of ours maintained, let it cost
what it may.
This is not mere impulse, but it has become a
fixed and well-settled principle. They have be-
come satisfied that unless this is accomplished
not only will the Republic, founded upon the
right of the people to govern themselves, be de-
stroyed and anarchy and confusion follow, but
the last hope of rational civil liberty, resting upon
sucli right, perish from off the face of the earth.
Our fathers intended that this noble structure,
erected by them at such vast expense and sacri-
fice of life and treasure, should last forever, and
be forever a free Government. They intended to
secure for themselves and their posterity forever
to the latest generation the perfect enjoyment of
civil liberty, and at the same time make it suffi-
ciently strong to maintain itself against all foes,
whether they came from within or without. To
consummate this they established State govern-
ments, sovereign in their own spheres and con-
trolling their own local internal affairs. Over
these they established a General Government
which within certain distinct and definite limits
should be absolutely supreme. It represents the
interests of all in those matters which relate to
the whole and involve the welfare of the whole.
This rebellion seeks to destroy this power of the
General Government. This the people have de-
cided shall not be done. They have determined
that this Government shall be maintained.
Many persons oppose this war and the policy
of the Administration from an apparent distrust
of its results. In case the rebellion is suppressed,
how do you then propose to restore the Union?
is the inquiry. Under existing circumstances, I
have deprecated the discussion of this question.
The rebellion yet exists in great strength and
power. Powerful armies are in the field prepared
to maintain the confederate flag and resist with
stubborn bravery our advancing legions. The
undivided energies of the whole nation should be
brought against these rebels. All of our strength
should be brought to the aid of our forces until
this rebellion is crushed. All discussions calcu-
lated to divide and distract the friends of the Gov-
ernmentshould be discarded. But as the discus-
sion has been commenced and will certainly be
continued, and the necessity of settling somedefi-
nite line of policy in relation to these States has
been cast upon us by our opponents, I am not
disposed to shrink from it.
It is claimed by some that the act of rebellion
against the Government has con verted those States
into Territories, and that Congress has the power,
and it is its duty to legislate and treat these States
as Territories. 1 cannot indorse this doctrine. I
find no warrant for it in the Constitution, nor in
the relations of these States to the General Gov-
ernment. The Constitution has but very little to
do with the States as such. It imposes 110 affirm-
ative obligations on them. It does not depend
upon them for the exercise of its powers or the
execution of its laws. The people made that
instrument, and all the powers comained and
embraced in it came from them; therefore, as it
emanated from them, there is peculiar appropri-
ateness in its reacting back to them the source of
all power in this Government. It deals with indi-
viduals almost exclusively. Under it laws are
made, and every man within the scope of its au-
thoiity must obey them. These laws are supreme,
anything in the Constitution or laws of any Stale
to the contrary notwithstanding. It is this feature
of our present Constitution which distinguishes
it from the old Articles of Confederation. That
was a Confederation of States. Congress made
laws for the States to execute. States instead of
individuals were dealt with, and called upon for
men and money and support in all respects. The
result was that they could refuse support; in fact
could amend the acts of Congress at pleasure.
It was found a very weak Government, and our
present Constitution was adopted to form a more
perfect Union. Under it laws are made to operate
on individuals, and every man must obey them.
It is true the States may in this connection be rec-
ognized, but if so it is only to prohibit them from
interfering with the constitutional powers of the
General Government. Whenever a State comes
into the Union it must be done by the consent of
the General Government, and every person in that
State, whatever may be his allegiance to thatState
or whatever obligations he may be under to obey
the local law, he owes allegiance and obedience
to the laws of the General Government. His al-
legiance to the General Government is supreme,
and his duty to obey its laws paramount. His
State cannot release him from such obedience. If
he refuses and resists he commits a crime against
the Government, and his State cannot release-him
from that crime nor from its just punishment.
No State can release a single individual from the
power or the jurisdiction of the General Govern-
ment, and if one individual cannot be released one
hundred cannot, nor any other number, however
large. No individual can sever his connection
with and allegiance to theGovernmentofthe Uni-
ted States, nor can he absolve himself from the
obligations to obey the laws, and what one indi-
vidual cannot do in this particular no number,
however large, can do. There is no way in which
individuals can be released from their obligations
to the Government but by successful revolution.
The rebel States as such are in the Union, and
must there remain unless successful in their re-
bellion.
As it is a crime for an individual to attempt to
sever his connection with the Government, if
States attempt it their acts are void. States, as
such, in their corporate capacity cannot commit
crime. Though every individual in a State may
commit treason and deserve to be hung, the State
cannot be punished. These States came into the
Union by the consent ofthe General Government,
and they cannot go out without that consent. Take
the case of Florida. If you will examine the acts
of Congress a law will be found admitting the
State into the Union; also laws establishing ports
of entry, collection districts, courts of justice, and
giving those courts jurisdiction, and in a great
many other respects there are laws upon our
statute-books recognizing this State as one of the
States of this Union. They are all in full force,
unimpaired, as much in force to-day as they were
three years ago, so far as this Government is con-
cerned, and they will remain in force until re-
pealed by Congress. The confederates could not
repeal them. I will not say that Congress may
not repent these laws, and under the circumstances
declare those States Territories; but so long as
these laws remain in force the State is in the
Union, and there can be no such thing as State
secession. They will by the force of these laws
remain States unless successful in their rebellion.
The acts of these States against the Govern-
ment are void. We are prosecuting this war 011
this very principle—upon the principle that the
acts of this rebellion are void. We are prosecut-
ing this war to maintain the Constitution and en-
force these laws. We are prosecuting this war
to retain the rebellious States in the Union and
compel obedience to the constitutional authorities
ofthe Government. We must not repudiate this
high ground by declaring these States are not in
the Union. To affirm that the States are Terri-
tories we do this and destroy the moral force of
our position. Intimately connected with this
question we are led to inquiie, in what relation
do these States stand to the Government? What
are the rights of those in rebellion, and how shall
the governments of these States be reorganized
and rescued from rebel hands?
The rebel States are still in the Union, but their
governments have been unlawfully seized by trai-
tors and usurpers hostile to the Union, and there-
fore cannot be recognized by the United States.
Asalready indicated, their acts are totally void,
and not a single man in all these States has been
released from his supreme allegiance. The gov-
ernments of these States are suspended or in abey-
ance, and will thus remain until the loyal men
through the aid and assistance of the General Gov-
ernment are enabled to hurl these usurpers from
place and power, and control their governments.
Then honest and faithful and true men will take
the place of these usurpers; peace, with all of its
blessings, will take the place of war with all of its
fearful devastation; order will supersede confusion
and anarchy, and the Constitution and laws will
assume their rightful sway and jurisdiction.
The rebellion has assumed such proportions and
magnitude that it is no longer an insurrection but
a civil war. Upon this point I will refer to Mr.
Lawrence's recent edition of Wheaton's Interna-
tional Law. In a note on page 5221 find the fol-
lowing:
^ " Publicists distinguish between popular commotion
(emotion populaire) or tumultuous assemblage, which may
be directed against the magistrates or merely against indi-
viduals; sedition, {sedition,) applying to a formal disobe-
dience particularly directed against the magistrates or other
depositaries of public authority; and insurrection, (souleue-
meni,) which extends to great numbers in a city or province,
so that even the sovereign is no'longer obeyed; and cisil
war. Popular commotion, sedition, and insurrection are
ail State crimes, even though arising from just causes of
complaint; every violent measure being interdicted in civil
society. These cases are always supposed to be suscepti-
ble of being suppressed by the sovereign; and it is usual,
in doing so, to grant an amnesty in all but exceptionable
cases.
"A civil war is when a party arises in a State which no
longer obeys the sovereign and is sufficiently strong to make
head against him, or when, in a republic, the nation is di-
vided into two opposite factions, and both sides take up
arms. Usage applies the term civii war to every war be-
tween members of the same political society. If it is be-
tween a part of the citizens on the one side and the sov-
ereign and those who obey him on the other, it is sufficient
that the malcontents have some reason to take up arms in
order that the disturbances should be called civil war, and
not rebellion. The priuce never fails to call all his subjects
who openly resist him rebels ; but when the latter become
sufficiently strong tomake head against him, to compel him
to carry on war regularly against them, he must be contented
with the term civil war. Civil war breaks the bonds of
society and of the Government; it gives rise in a nation to
two independent parties, who acknowledge no common
judge. They are in the position of two nations who en-
gage, in disputes, and, not being able toreeoneilethem, have
recourse to arms. The common laws of war are in civil wars
to be observed on both sides. The same reasons which
make them obligatoiy between foreign States render them
more necessary in the unhappy circumstances where two
exasperated parties are destroying their common country."
We need not rely upon elementary writers for
law to settlg this question. It has received the
careful consideration of our own Supreme Court,
a court distinguished for its great learning and
ability, and it has settled this question beyond
cavil or controversy. In a decision made in prize
cases at the December term, 1862, upon this sub-
ject, they use the following language:
" This greatest of civil wars was not gradually developed
by popular commotions, tumultuous assemblies, or local uiv
organized insurrections. However long may have been its
previous conception, it nevertheless sprang fonh suddenly
from the parent brain, a Minerva in the full panoply of war.
The President was bound to meet it in the shape it pre-
sented itself, without waiting for Congress to baptize it
with a name; and no name given to it by him or them could
change the fact.
" It is not the less a civii war, with belligerent parties in
hostile ajrav, because it may be called an 'insurrection'by
one side, and the insurgents be considered as rebels or trai-
tors. It is not necessary that the independence of the re-
volted piovmce or State be acknowledged in oider to con-
stitute it a party belligerent in a war, according to the Jaw
of nations"—2 Black's Reports, p. 669.
Here these rebels are treated as enemies, ene-
mies in war, engaged in an open war, a civil war.
According to the principle enunciated in this de-
cision these men must be treated and dealt with
as warlike belligerents, and we mast put them
down by war prosecuted and conducted in accord-
ance with the laws of civilized warfare. In this
discussion this is a point of great importance and
should not be lost sight of. They are no longer
insurgents, but have raised themselves to the dig-
nity of hostile enemies, enemies against the Gov-
ernment. They are not simply erring brethren,
but enemies engaged in open warfare. Kindness
to such would be cruelty to ourselves. The war
against them must be prosecuted as other wars
are prosecuted against open and avowed enemies.
We do not and dare not treat them in any other
manner. Prisoners captured we treat as prison-
ers of war, send and receive flags of truce, block-
ade their ports, and in all of our relations with
them we act upon the principle that this ia a civil
war and that we are bound by the laws of war.
Persons who talk othn'v.'tso ami of peac .j, either
