960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcfcrft-
merce, arts, and agriculture; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the memorial of
Alexander T. Stewait& Co., and Bali, Black &
Co.; also, the memorial of E. A. Stansbury and
J. B. Varnum,jr.; also the memorial of Coffin,
Lee & Co., and Atnmidown, Lane & Co.; also
the memorial ofR. Stuart Hill and LewisC. Pop-
ham; and also the memorial of Lowther& Brother,
Lewis H. Phillips, and many other citizens of
New York, praying for an increase in the facili-
ties for the transportation of mails, passengers,
and freight between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia. I move that they be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. By request, I present the petition
of Eli Thayer and others, praying Congress " to
confiscate utterly, and without reserve the lands
of rebels, and to give of the same, without other
formality than occupation, one hundred and sixty
acres to each private in the naval service, and to
each man in the rank and file of the Union Army,
and of the rebel army who will take the prescribed
oath of allegiance to the United States, and that
the lands thereafter remaining be open to settle-
ment under the homestead law." I ask its refer-
ence to the select committee on slavery and freed-
men.
It was so referred.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the con-
struction of a bridge across the Republican river
on the Government reservation at Fort Riley;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, in favor of the construction of a
military road from Port Leavenworth, via Fort
Riley, to Fort Lamed, and an appropriation for
bridging the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr.WlLLEY presented resolutionsof the con-
stitutional convention of West Virginia, in favor
of an appropriation to aid that State in emancipa-
tingherslavesundcrtheactof Congress approved
on the 31st of December, 1862; which was referred
to the select committee on slaveiy and freedmen.
Mr. WILSON presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Boston, praying for an increase of the fa-
cilities for the transportation of mails, passengers,
and freight between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 1st instant, a copy of the report of the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, under date of June 1,
1863; which was referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. !!
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the I
Senate a report of the Secretary of the fnteiior, j
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of the Sen- I
ate of the 1st instant, a copy of the acceptance of it
the provisions of the act entitled "An act to aid |j
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and >'
to secure to the Government the use of the same ;;
for postal, military, and other purposes" by the
Central Pacific Railroad Company; which was 'I
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. ! •
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. j]
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of citizens <!
of Portland, Maine, praying that a pension may ;
be granted to Jessie Gould, widow of Daniel :
Gould, who was accidentally shot while assist- ■
ing in discharging the guns and ammunition from ;
the schooner Archer, taken from the Tacony pi- \ -
rates, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill I
(S. No. 150) f  r the. relief of Jessie Gould, widow 'j
of Daniel Gould, of Portland, Maine. The bill ^
was read, and passed to a second reading,and the .i
report was ordered to be printed. i.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on ,!
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 59) extending the limits of the northern In- .
dian supenntendency, reported it withoutamend- j
ment. ,i
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was inferred a motion to print the 1
memorial of merchants and others, of Providence,
Rhode Island, praying that the petition of the
South American Steamship Company for aid in
the establishment of postal communication with
South America by steam vessels may be granted,
reported in favor of printing the same.
The report was agreed to.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred a
resolution to print three thousand extra copies of
the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia, No. 14, accompanying Senate bill
No. 37, in relation to interfence by military au-
thority in elections in the States, to report the
same back without amendment, and recommend
its passage; and I ask for its present considera-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. I should like to hear some-
thing about that report. I heard nothing of it
before.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
three thousand copies of the report of the Committee on
Military Affair* and the Militia, No. 14, iu relation to in-
terference by military authority iu elections in the States.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think that resolution
ought to pass.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it lie over then, sir.
I understood the Senator to agree to the report.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator is mistaken. I
never heard of it before, to my knowledge, and I
am on that committee.
REPEAL OF FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was iefeired a resolution to print ten thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the select com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen accompanying
the biil to repeal all laws for the rendition of slaves,
and also a resolution that ten thousand extra cop-
ies of the views of the minority of the same com-
mittee be printed for the use of the Senate, have
directed me to report them back with an amend-
ment as a substitute for both, and to ask its pres-
ent consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the report of
the select committee on slavery and freedmen accompany-
ing the bill to repeal all laws for the rendition of slaves,
with the views of the minority ofthe select committee upon
the satno bill, be printed tor the Use of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
151) relating to chaplains, and for other purposes;
which was.read twice by its title, and refeired to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
153) to provide for the revision and codification
ofthe laws of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent ofthe Senate tointroducea bill, without pi e-
vious notice, to amend the act to aid in the con-
struction of the Pacific railroad, that it maybe
referred to the select committee on that subject.
I desire to say in connection with it that it does
not entirely represent my views, but I introduce
it simply that it may be leferred to the committee.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
inroduce a bill (S. No. 152) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other puiposes," approved July 1, 186*2; which
was read twicc by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhbrsox, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution*, in whiclv it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 217) to confirm certain-entries- of
land in the State of Missouri;
A bill (No. 290) for the relief of Rboda Wol-
cott, widow of Henry Wolcott;
A bill (No. 291} granting an invalid pension to
Esther P. Fox, widow of Augustus C. Fox; and
A joint resolution (No. 47) for the relief of Rev.
W. B. Matchett.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 15) to incorporate the Washington
City Savings Bank;
A biil (No. 39) for the relief of L. F. Cartee;
A bill (No. 39) to authorize the enrollment and
license of the steam-tugs B. P. Davidson and W.
K. Muir;
A bill (No. 81) to apportion the expenses of
the levy court in the county of Washington upon
the basis of population; and
A bill (No. 110) for the relief of John H. Shep-
herd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Missouri.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message was received from the President of'
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,
announcing that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed a joint resolution (S. No. 19)
of thanks of Congress to Commodore Cad walader
Ringgold, the officers and crew of the United
States ship Sabine.
CONSTITUTIONAL MAJORITIES. "
Mr, SHERMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That a quorum ofthe Senate consists of a ma •
jority of the Senators duly chosen and qualified.
Resolved, That if a majority of the presidential electors
duly appointed and qualified vote for one person he is the
President.
Resolved, That if the election of Presidentdevolvesupon
the House of Representatives and the votes .of a majority
of the States represented in the House be cast for one per-
son he is the President.
I ask that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does not the Sen-
ator design this as a joint resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; simply as a reso-*
lution of the Senate. I will also ask that it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
will be made, if there be no objection, and the
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary:
REPORT OF CAPTAIN FISK.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following, reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That live thousand copies of the report of Cap-
tain James L. Fi<k of his northern overland expedition
iroin St. Paul, via Fort Abercrombie, to the gold fields of
the Territory ot Idaho, be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the attention of the
Committee on Printing to that resolution. I have
been annoyed almost with correspondence on that
subject. If the committee could report immedi-
ately it would save much trouble in correspond-
ence. Theie is a great deal of anxiety to get the
information contained in that report.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 299) to provide for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports, and
for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 296) for the benefit of John Dick-
son, of Illinois.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 122) to increase the in-
ternal revenue,and for other purposes; and it was
thereupon signud by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally read
