THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS 01? C0NGIIES3, PUBLISHED BY JOHN G. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. €;
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 18G4.
New Series.]....No. 61. .*
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 217) to confirm certain entries of
land in the State of Missouri—to the Committee
on Public Lands.
A bi!l (No. 290) for the relief of Rhoda Wol-
cott, widow of Henry Wolcott—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A bill (No. 291) granting an invalid pension to
Esther P. Pox, widow of Augustus C. Fox—to
the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (No. 47) for the relief of
Rev. W.B. Matchett—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (No. 29D) to provide for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports,and
for other purposes—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 296) for the benefit of John Dickson,
of Illinois—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
TREATY WITH OREGON INDIANS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the bill (S. No. 25) to
authorize the President to negotiate a treaty with
the Klamath, Modoc, and other Indian tribes in
southeastern Oregon, is now before the Senate as
the unfinished business of the morning hour of
Friday, the pending question being on ordering
it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. NESMITH. For the satisfaction of the
Senator ftom Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] who
desired the bill to be laid over on Friday last for
information, I send up a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs on the subject, which I
ask to have read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs, March 4,1864.
Sir: [ have to acknowledge the receipt of your commu-
nication of this date, inclosing Senate bill No. 25, (here-
with returned,) providing for the negotiation of Ueaties
with the Indians of southeastern Oregon, and stating that
you would like my recommendations of the same.
I have no hesitation in stating that in my opinion no
measure is better calculated to secure the people of Ore-
gon against the hostilities and depredations of the Indians
within her bordets than is that now under consideration.
Should this bill become a law, I believe it will be found
practicable to negotiate treaties with all the tubes named
in the bill, and thiough such treaties bring al! the Indians
now engaged in hostilities in Otegon under the control of
Government upon fair and honorable terms, thus securing
peace throughout the entire limits of the State.
I respecttully letei you to page 5 of the leeent annual
report of this office, aNo to paper* Nos. 1 and 3 accompa-
nying the same, which will more fully show the condition
of affairs m Oregon as regards the Indians named in the
bill and the urgent necessity that some measure should be
adopted which will reduce them to subjection.,
"Very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
\V. P. DOLE, Commissioner.
Hon. J. W. Nesmith, United States Senate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPEAL OF FOUITIVJB SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill, merely with a view to make it a special order
for a future day. It is Senate bill No. 141, to
repeal all laws for the rendition of fugitives from
service or labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of ptoceedmg to the consideration
of the bill indicated m his motion.
The motion'was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 141) to repeal
all laws for the rendition of fugitives from service
or labor.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I move
to make that bill the special order at half past
twelve o'clock on Wednesday next. I will say,
in making the motion, that I do not wish to de-
bate it; I am not aware of any Senator on this
side who wishes to debate it; and I hope wemay
at once proceed to vote upon it, and that before
the morning hour expires the Senate may he dis-
charged satisfactorily of that question.
Mr. DAVIS. I notify the Senator he may ex-
pect to have that bill elaborately debated.
61
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Then we may
as well begin it early.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no objection to beginning
early.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
to, and make it the special order for, Wednesday
next at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND GRANT TO A RAILROAD.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 31.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 31) making a grant of
lands to the Lake Superior and Mississippi Rail-
road Company, in the State of Minnesota, to aid
in the construction of the railroad of said com-
pany from St. Paul to Lake Supeiior; the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Doolittle
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can only say again that I
trust the Senate will not recommit thife bill. I see
no occasion for taking that course. We may as
well dispose of it now. As the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands lias stated, there are
no new questions presented to the Senate that
have not been presented to that committee. I
trust, therefore, the Senate will proceed with its
consideration, and refuse to recommit it to the
committee.
If the Senate will bear with mc, I will read one
or two paragraphs from a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, presented some
days since, on this subject:
u That a railroad communication from the Mississippi river
to the head of Lake Superior has tora long time been the sub-
ject of anxious solicitude wnh the people of the late Ter-
ritory, and of the State of Minnesota, as rendeiin'g access-
ible and available to them what is obviously the natural
outlet of alatge portion of this State for its products to the
eastern maikets and shipping points on the Atlantic sea-
board, and as being the most icady and only reliable means
of opening up to emigiation and settlement an extensive
tract of country winch will be tiaversed by such a road,
and which,although possessingabundant rcsouices,isnow
unpioductive, and a mere wilderness.
" That the attention of Congress was directed to this im-
poitant subject duimg the territorial existence or Minnesota .
as early as 185-1, during which year a grant of lands in al-
ternate sections was made b> the United States to the Tei-
i itoiy of Minnesota, to aid in the coustiuclion of such a
raihoad ; this giant, however, was lepealed at the same ses-
sion of Congie&s, jn consequence of an unauthorized alter-
ation in the diattof the bill, pending us passage in Con-
gress, which caused an immediate repeal ot the grant; that
Minnesota was in no way implicatui in this matter, and
that this alteiation occuned thiough the agency of individ-
uals acting without the piivny ot the territonal govern-
ment, as has alwaj •* been conceded, and is clearly shown
in the pioccedmgr, of Congiess investigating the mutter;
the result to Minnesota, however, although entirely blame-
less, has been exceedingly dnastious. arid but for the un-
tbitunate circumstance cituMu&the giant to be revoked, it
is confidently asserted that such a road would have been,
by this time* entuely completed and equipped. Tt is not
inappropuate to state, in this connection, that at the time
of the pi ant afoiosnid', Minnesota was then in it=* infancy,
not produeingsulfieientfiom its fertile>oil ior the consump-
tion of its own inhabitants, and yielding little or nothing
foi expoit; that at a later penod.and More its organization
as a State, itsagi {cultural resouice^have been developed in
a tatio almost unparalleled, so a?- not only to yield abund-
ance for home consumption, but to leave a huge surplus
yeaih of giant and othei ptoducisfor cxpoitatton ; and that
this inv* ot communication, which at the early day lefeued
to was ot suthcient impoitance, by leasons ol advantages
inetely prospective, to deceive the encouragement and lib-
eral aid of the Ooneial Government, has now hecomo a
practical necessity to Minnesota, and it- want is heiiously
felt as retarding her prosperity andthesettlementot a large
portion ol herterritoiy.'* * * _ * *
"This road, m connection with the Winona and St.
Peter road, winch it intellects, will on its completion drain
one of the ino->t 'erl.le and populous portions of this State ;
its lo<s would be irreparable to Minnesota, and its final
completion should be toivvaidcd as a measure of national
policy in connection with the conjunction of the proposed
toad to Lake Supeiior. That the completion ot the rail-
load to Stipotior tcj/' stimulate the ptogiesS of the woik on
the line of' the load located by the Southern Minnesota
Railroad Company, and contribute greatly to the success ot
the latUii. wheiebv ultimately a line of toad will be seemed,
if reasonably aided, tiaveising the entne State of Minne-
sota from the gieat lakes to the Iowa line, in the direction
of Sioux City, and ramifying through the'fertile districtof
southern Minnesota, connecting at SiotfiCity with tire
■projected branch road through Iowa of the great n&Uoftal
railway to the Pacific ocean." * ' " (
" Your memorialists would furiher represent that a lit-
eral grant of land from the General Government, tfpon the
usual conditions and limitations, to aid in the construction
of this important work should be made,not 6nly as a meas-
ure of equity due to Minnesota in the premises, btit as
an act of restitution for the grant of 1854, above referred to.
Such action on the part of the United States would be in
strict accordance with a well-settled and obvious national
policy."
. I will further state, for the information of the
Senate, that this grant of land will after all convey
to us but about three or four hundred thousand
acres of land. The greater portion of the land
since 1854, when the first grant was, made, has
been entered and occupied m various ways on the
route between St. Paul and Lake Superior, leaving
at this time, with the most liberal amendment
that the Senate may choose togive ufc by this bill,
but about four hundred thousand acres, equ&Tin
rfioney value to about two hundred thousand dol-
lars. The road will be one hundred an$ forty
miles long;and itcannotat this time be constructed
for less than three million dollars. This, then, is
the only aid we ask from the General Government,
some two or three hundred thousand dollars.
As I said before, the city of St. Paul has voted
$250,000.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Min-
nesota allow mc to ask him whether there be a
charter already granted for the construction of the
road, and what are the termini of the route?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is an existing charter.
The termini of the route are St. Paul and the head
of Lake Superior. The Legislature is now me-
morializing Congress for the grant. As I stated
before when this question was up, one of the great
evils of which the people of Minnesotacomplain,
and of which they propose to rid themselves, is
the monstrous charge for transportation for our
only surplus product which we ship east, our
wheat. In 1862, the freight on it from Lake Mich-
igan, either from Milwaukee or Chicago, was
twelve and a half cents a bushel. In 1863'there
wasa tariff placed on itof eighteen centsa bushel;
and the tarilF agreed upon* by the transportation
companies now is twenty-six cents per bushel.
This increase in the rate has caused considerable
agitation, as is evidenced by the following extracts
from some of our papers:
"Some excitement has been recently created among
wheat buycis along the river by the announcement that the
steamboat and railroad lines connecting the Mississippi
with Lake Michigan had entered into a combination to in-
crease the rates of transporting wheat from Winona and
other river ports to Milwaukee or Chicago to twenty-six
cents per bushel. We do not know whether thestatement
concerning the advance is conect or not, but if it is it will
be likely to niise a storm which cannot be easily allayed."
In a recent number of the Winona Republican
I find this:
"The Freight Question.—It appears that the subject
of hi?h freight is agitating the business men of other river
towns ad well as this, and that initiatory steps are being
taken to remedy the matter if possible. By concerted ac-
tion on the part of our grain dealers and meichants, some
plan may be devised whereby this combination of the tians-
poitation companies may be broken up. Whether the plan
to meet in a general convention with representatives of
other towns on the river, where a union of action of all
interested could bo adopted, would be the best means of
accomplishing the object, we would not pictend to say;
but it seems necessary that action of some kind should be
taken immediately. Let there be a meeting called at an
early day and opinions interchanged on the subject, and
some mode of pioceduie adopted whereby all can act in
j harmony, icsolvedto effect a reduction of the exorbitant
rates adopted by the combination ot railroad and steamboat
companies.
"The business men of Hastings held a meeting on the
13th instant, at which time the following resolutions were
adopted. Should our people desire to cooperate with them
and meet in the proposed convention, a delegation to the
same should be appointed soon:
"Whcicas ceitain transpoitation companies have en-
tered into a combination, and have established an exorbi-
tant rate of freights from all points on the Mississippi river
above La Crosse to Milwaukee and Chicago : Therefore,
"Resolved, That we, the shippers and other business
men of the city of Halting*, protest against that combina-
tion, and the exoi bitant rates of freight established thereby j
and we lecommond the combined aetion or* the business
men of all the towns affected by such combination, foi the
purpose of making some arrangement by vviuch ireigiits
will bs leduccd to ica&onablc rates.
