1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection, only
I desire to make my remarks in a condensed form,
find do not earc about being interrupted.
Mr. WILKINSON. The town of Hudson is
not 011 the Mississippi river. It is on the St.
Croix, iit the head of an enlargement of that river
called St. Croix lake. It is nearly twenty miles
east of the Mississippi.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am speaking of the navi-
gable waters of the Mississippi. The Mississippi
liver at Piescott divides into two streams, one
about as large as the othei; the one they call the
St. Croix, the other the Upper Mississippi. St.
Paul is situated on the one and Hudson 011 the
other. They are just above the dividing place,
and they divide in a triangular shape at a very
acute angle. Hudson is about from twelve to
fifteen miles east of St. Paul; the one on the east
and the other on the west branch of the Missis-
sippi river. Of course the name of the river on
which Hudson is located is the St. Croix. It is
the St. Croix branch of the Mississippi river, it
is true. But I was speaking of the navigable
waters of the Mississippi river, and the purpose
of this railroad grant is to connect the navigable
waters of the lakes with the Mississippi river.
That is one of the purposes certainly, and it is a
great purpose, a purpose beyond any mere in- ■
terest of Minnesota or Wisconsin, a purpose
which is national in its character, and 111 which
ail the States of the Northwest, and I may say of
the East and of the West, have ati interest as a na-
tional question, independent of any development
of any State or particular local interest or section.
I regret that the honorable Senator from Mary-
land is not in his seat, as he seems to have quite
an interest in the advocacy of this matter. I de-
sired to reply to some of the arguments made by
him. He says it is a narrow policy which Wis-
consin appears to advocate on the "floor of the
Senate in resisting this grant. I must bring be-
fore the Senate the history of the whole action of
the Wisconsin delegation in this and the other
House, in all that we have ever said or done in
relation to Minnesota, to show that no narrow
policy, certainly, has ever controlled ouf action,
our voices, or our votes. We have always stood
with Minnesota, side byside,identicalm interest,
bound together in commercial and friendly ties.
We have taken an interest in this very question
of the railroad developmentofMinnesota, because
the development of Minnesota, the neighbor just
beyond us, is the developmentof Wisconsin. We
utterly repudiate the idea that we are controlled
by a narrow policy, much less by any unfriendly
feeling toward the interests or the well-being of
the State of Minnesota. Why, sir, but the ses-
sion before last, upon my motion, a bill was passed
through the Senate granting to the State of Min-
nesota twenty sections per mile upon the railroad
route from the west end of Lake Superior deflect-
ing southward so as to connect with her railroad
system 011 the grand northern route to the Pacific;
and but for the fact that it met some opposition
in the House, that bill, 1 doubt not, would have
passed and have become a law—111 my judgment,
one of the best laws that could have been passed
for the benefit either of Minnesota or of Wiscon-
sin.
1 desire now to call the attention of the Senate
very briefly to some facts which have been brought
to my mind since this question was last before the
Senate. From St. Paul to Superior, on the navi-
gable waters of the great lake, the distance is
almost precisely the same, whether you go over
the route upon which the land grant is made in
Wisconsin, or whether you go upon the proposed
route which is asked for in this bill. I do not think
there is a difference of six miles. Any one who
will examine the map, and trace upon it by the
town lines the two proposed routes, will see, with
regard to the connection of St. Paul with the head-
waters, that it is almost impossible to determine
which is the longer or the shorter line. The ar-
gument, therefore, of oui fiiends liom Minnesota
is without foundation; and in desiring to have this
railroad grant in Wisconsin made effectual by the
building of the road, we in no way whatever
damage the interests of Minnesota or tho'inter-
ests of St. Paul, the great commercial town of
Minnesota.
My honorable friend from Minnesota lias told
us that the State of Minnesota are memorializing
to have a railroad route from the head-wateis ot
Lake Superior, through St. Paul to Sioux City on
the Missouri, and there connecting with the great
railroad route. That proposition is identical, with
ours, provided you .are willing that Wisconsin
shall have a share in it as well as Minnesota. The
Legislature of Wisconsin are memorializing in the
same way, tliat from Hudson upon the St. Croix
through St. Paul to Sioux City .there shall be a
grant given, which is through Minnesota and
through a portion of Iowa, to connect the great
railroad route with this very route from Hudson
to Superior, thus making the interests of Minne-
sota and Wisconsin identical and not conflicting
with each other. In no narrow policy, but upon
broad national grounds, we should thus benefit
them both.
Sir, I desire to make no invidious comparisons
between these two States, for we are friendly
States, neighboring States; but if you look upon
the map which I have before me of the amount of
railroad grants that have already been given to
the State of Minnesota, you will find that her
whole territory is covered over with railroad giant
lines. She has had up to this day more than twice
as many railroad grants as the State of Wiscon-
sin, more than two acres to our one, as any one
who will examine the map before me will see. 1
do not object to it. I presume I voted for most
of them myself. As I have already stated, I got
such a biil through this body during the lastCon-
gress; and had it not .been lost in the House of
Representatives, as I think by some inadvertence
or oversight by those who were interested in the
question 111 not getting it through the committee
of the other House, we should have had still an-
other grant, which while it developed, it is true,
the little poi tinn of Wisconsin situated on the end
of Lake Superior, by running through the very
heart of Minnesota from east to west, would de-
velop her resources and put her upon the great
northern Pacific railroad line, which one day is to
be built, and for which they can always command
my influence and my vote.
I desire to state another fact, to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate. It is admitted
that shortly after this grant to the State of Wis-
consin there came on that tremendous commer-
cial revulsion, from which they did not sufficient-
ly recover in that section to be able to go on with
the building of this road until this war began,
and.the eventualities of the war, the drain upon
the resources and the men of that State, have pre-
vented them from going on with the building of
the road until within the last one or two years.
This company with its interests and its prospect-
ive right in this grant has been transfened into
the hands of men whoare perfectly ableandcom-
petent to build this railroad, if they desire to do
so. This railroad company, or rather the men
who purchased the stock and other interest of the
railroad company, caused a preliminary survey to
be made of both routes, the route from Hudson
to Superior and the route from St. Paul over this
proposed .line in Minnesota, and upon that pre-
liminary survey, it is said, it will cost $700,000
more to build the road from St. Paul to Lake Su-
perior than it will to build it from St. Paul, con-
struct a bridge across the river, and meet this
road at Hudson or at Stillwater, and build it to
the head-waters of Lake Superior. The men who
have put and are about to put their money into
this enterprise were unwilling to invest ni it un-
til this preliminary survey was made, and that
they became satisfied, as regarded the feasibility
of the routes, that the route from St. Paul to the
lake was §700,000 cheaper than the proposed
route through Minnesota. They took the road
on the faith"of that, and upon the survey which
they had caused to be made, and have invested
their money in it and are going on with the work,
and by the terms of the grant of the United States
it must be completed within the next two years.
They hope to complete a considerable portion of
it within the next year. They hope to begin at
both ends of this route, both on the navigable
waters of the Mississippi at St. Croix going north,
and also oil the navigable wateis of Lake Supe-
rior at Supeiior.
I am infoimed by a gentleman connected with
this road that the men who are interested m it are
about to buiid rolling-mills at the city of Supe-
iior, in the State of Wisconsin, to make the iron.
Their arrangements are made. Men ot interest
from Penn&y lyauia, from JN'cw Jersey, and from
New York are going into this to build rolling*
mills at Superior that will , produce fifty tons of
ir.on per day from the mines wllich .exist within
fifteen miles of Superior, some of tUe best iron
mines in the world. The route, which they Jiave
located goes through the iron mines of Wisconsin,
in Douglas county. It is also in the neighbor-.
hood of the copper mines in Wisconsin." Aques-
tion was raised here the other day on thesubjeet
of thosecopper mines. I bad not looked into that
matter very much, but happening to see my old
law partner from the State of Wisconsin, I learned
some facts from him on thesubjeet. He told ma
that about fifteen miles south of Superior a copper
mine had been disoovered, in which hs himself
had an interest, from which the percentage pro-
duced is as great as in any of the mines in tile
upper peninsula of Michigan.
There is one other fact which I desire to. state,
and to which I wish to call special attention. It
will be remembered that when Mr. Rice, of Min-
nesota, was a member of this body, during, the
last session he was here, he procured the passage
of a joint resolution by wliich the State of Min-
nesota was authorized to deflect from her north-
western, or what was called her Pacific railroad
route at any point between St. Anthony's falls,
which are about six or eight miles from Sit.. Paul,
and a point where the fourth guide meridian-meet 
the tenth standard parallel, which I should esti-
mate to be about one hundred and fifty miles, by
looking at the map, northwest from St. Anthony's
falls. At any point between those two points
they were authorized to deflect the line of route
011 to the waters of Superior, and to appropriate
so much of the grantof public lands as lay north-
west of the point which I last mentioned, the meet-
ing of the fourth meridian with the tenth parallel.
Now, Mr. President, one word in conclusion.
About two years remain in which it is to be de-'
•termined whether this Wisconsin grant shall be
perfected, by the building of the road. Will not
the Senate give them those two, years? If they
fail to complete their road, let their grant lie taken
from them and let the grant go on the other side
of the river; but so long as it is seen that in good
faith they are attempting to build it, I ask is it
wise, is it just, is it national, is it for the interest
of Wisconsin or the special interest of Minnesota
that you shall build or attempt to build up an-
other and a rival line, which commencing at a
point fifteen miles distant from the other will term-
inate at the same place on the lake? Would it
be wise in any landholder thus to give away his
lands? What is theground upon which the Uni-
ted States makes these grants? It is upon the
ground that-the United States is a great land-
holder, and that by giving away alternate sections
of its lands it can increase the value of the remain-
der for sale in the market. That is the main
giound upon which these grants are made. I ask,
would it be reasonable, or wise, or practicable for
any landholder in Older to improve the remainder
of his land to give alternate sections of land upon
two railroad lines one hundred and fifty miles in
length where the termini at one end were fifteen
miles apart and at the other came together, when
by giving to both and making them rivals perhaps
neither would be built, whereas if he gave upon m
one only it would secure the building of the road?
Let me put a case to my friend from Maryland.
Suppose the United States owned all the land be-
tween heie and Philadelphia, and the proposition
was that the United States should give alternate
sections of land to aid in the buildingof a railroad
between here and Philadelphia. Suppose they
make such a grant upon one route and give the
company ten years in which to build the road.
Would you give to another company the right to
begin at Georgetown and build a railroad to Phil-
adelphia over another route, before the ten years
had expired, before the time of the men who had
taken the grant, upon the faith of which they had
invested their money, was expired? I do not
think it would be just.
I do not think any consideration of a national
character, I do not think any consideration of the
real interests of Minnesota or of Wisconsin de-
mands this additional grant. When we have made
a grant to build a road from St. Paul to the head-
water* of Lake Superior, it is no harm to Minne-
sota if the people of St. Paul and the people of
Hudson shall lide in the same cars and go over
the same read, when the distance is no greater,
