966
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
and all the estimates are that itcan be built much
cheaper.
Mr. HARLAN. The concluding argument of
the -Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
seems to be based on the idea that if this bill shall
be passed it will deprive the Wisconsin road of
its grant. It will have no such effect. He also
argues that this bill should not pass because it
will encourage the investment of money in two
roads so near each other as to be mutually ruinous
to each other. During his speed) I sent to the Li-
brary for a township map of Wisconsin; and on
looking at the lines of railroad through his own
State as laid down on that map, I find that the
greatest distance between any two parallel roads
is about fifty-four miles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not land-grant roads.
Mr. HARLAN. I do notknow which ofthose
lines of roads are land-grant roads; but I speak of
the railroad policy of the Senator's own State.
The question to be decided is whether public pol-
icy justifies the Senate in making a land grant to
a road through Minnesota .so near to a land-grant
road in and through Wisconsin, both of which
roads would connecttiie upper waters of theMis-
sissippi river with Lake Superior. On examining
the map the committee ascertained that thegreat-
estdistance between thetwo roads was aboutsixty
miles, that at the termini on the Mississippi river
and on Lake Superior they came near together,
but that the average distance between the two
lines would be about as great as the average dis-
tance between the parallel lines of road through
Wisconsin and other States. Hence the com-
mittee did not deem this a sufficient objection, and
this f believe is the only reason uiged by the
Senators from Wisconsin for a reference of the
bill back to the committee that they may reexam-
ine the very subject which they have examined
thoroughly. If there is any reliance to be placed
upon the maps issued by publishers, or those fur-
nished the committee by the General Land Office,
which are probably very nearly correct, these two
lines of road, if both shall be built, cannot be con-
sidered as rival reads in any stronger sense than
other railroads now built and in running order
through the State bf Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My friend will allow me
to say that 1 admit that fact as to the State of
Wisconsin, and 1 admit for other States the same
fact, for I have no doubt it is true, although I
know bettor in Wisconsin than any other State,
where they have run a great many railroads and
run them as a network together; and I admit an-
other thing, (and my friend may put it down as
a universal fact,) that in every case where the
roads run so closely together, if the stock has not
been sunk altogether, more than three fourths of
all the stock and all the capital that the original
builders put into the railroads has been sunk, and
sunk for the very reason that they are built so
close together.
Mr. HARLAN. That is an argument against
the whole system. If it is all wrong from the
beginning, it would be well perhaps to repeal the
laws making these grants and take from Wiscon-
sin and the other States the lands they have ac-
m quired to aid in building their various roads.
w> Mr. DOOLITTLE. These are not land-grant
roads in Wisconsin. There are but two land-
grant roads in Wisconsin: the one commencing
near the middle of the State, going off northwest,
the end of which is this one here from Hudson
to Superior; and the other land-grant road is in
the northeastern part of the State. Our land-grant
roads are under the act of Congress of 1856 to
which I refer. If you will put your finger on the
map you will see it in a minute, as I read the
route fixed in that act:
" For the purpose of aiding in the construction of a rail-
road from iMaihaou or Columbus,"—
The Legislature fixed it at Columbus—
" by the way of Portage City,"—
Which you will find about the junction of the
Wisconsin and the Fox rivers—
"to the St. Croix liver oi lake between townships twenty-
five and thirty-one."—
That is, at Hudson—
" and from thence to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield; and also from Fond-du-lac, on Lake Winnebago,
noitherly to the State line."
These are all the land grants we ever had in the
State of Wisconsin; and my friend from Iowa
will see that they are hundreds of miles apart at
their northern termini, and probably a hundred I
miles apart at their southern termini, one run-
ning northeast and the other running northwest;
but it is true, as my friend says, that all over the
southern part of the State of Wisconsin towns
and cities and interested men have got up differ-
ent and rival railroad routes, and have got them
so near together that the whole stock has been
sunk and wiped out in a majority of them, the
railroads gone into the hands of mortgagers and
bond-holders, and been the great subject of litiga-
tion in our State. The stock has been pretty
much entirely sunk because these railroads were
located and built so near together that e,ach has
devoured the other; and that is the very ground
on which, in this comparatively uninhabitable
country of the great northwest of our State and
the northeast of Minnesota, along up the line of
the St. Croix to Douglas county, with a very
sparse population as yet; I say it is impossible
to suppose that two lines of railroad which be-
gin fifteen miles apart on the waters of the Missis-
sippi and run together to Superior can be paying
roads upon the money invested. It makes them
of necessity antagonistic and rival to each other,
destroying the stock in each; whereas if but one
is allowed to be built it may be a good invest-
ment, and accommodate the whole public.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator's argu-
ment would be a good one if delivered before the
Legislature of Wisconsin when charters were
pending authorizing companies in Wisconsin to
build the roads to which he refers. Butitwould
be difficult to persuade the people of Wiscon-
sin that they have too many railroads. I have
shown that the parallel roads now constructed in
the southern portion of Wisconsin, connecting
the waters of the lakes with the waters of the
Mississippi, are nearer together on an average
than these two proposed lines of road. The Sen-
ator answers that by saying that his State has
adopted a bad system. And out of regard for the
public interests, he will protect Minnesota from
this evil by withholding this proposed grant. But
there may be those uncharitable enough to sup-
pose that another reason was quite as potential.
The companies that have built the roads through
Wisconsin may desire to do the business for Min-
nesota; but as Minnesota borders on Lake Su-
perior, it is not unreasonable, as it seemed to the
committee, that she should desire to connect her
system of roads with the waters of the lake
through her own State, and not be subject to the
tolls and taxes that might be levied on her prod-
uce as it passed through the Senator's State. It
may be that within the two years next to come
Wisconsin may build a railroad from Hudson to
the lake, one hundred and fifty or more miles in
length; but the committee were of opinion that if
both roads should be built they would not be rival
roads in such a sense as to justify the committee
to report against this grant, that the public rea-
sons were sufficient to justify them in reporting
in favor of the grant if it were certain that the Wis-
consin road would be built. It was not originally
intended that that road should be a monopoly.
It was not intended when the grant was made
that those possessing the franchise in Wisconsin
should have the exclusive right to build a railroad
from the Upper Mississippi to Lake Superior.
By an examination of the law, the Senate will see
that it will not bear any such construction. And
yet the substance of the Senator's [Mr. Doolit-
tle's] argument is that because a grant has been
made for the constiuction of a railroad through
Wisconsin from Lake Superior to the Mississippi
river, therefore no other company, through any
other State, should be allowed to build a road
within the vicinity of that road.
I have shown that the average distance of the
proposed road from the Wisconsin road is as
great as the average distance of similar parallel
roads leading east and west through his own State
that have been built under the direction of his own
Legislature. The same is true of other western
States. The railroads that have been authorized,
and many of them now completed, are located
nearer to each other on an average than these two
roads will be if both shall be constructed. Hence
I see no necessity for referring this bill back to
the committee. They have examined the very j
subject of difficulty with the Senator from Wis- ]
consin,havemadeup theirjudgment,and reported
to the Senate. There is, therefore,as it seems to I
me, no reason for referring it back to the cofcn-
i mittee. If the Senate should differ with the com-
mittee in relation to the policy of the grant, that
is another question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, 1 was very
much embarrassed as a member of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands m deciding whether 1 ought
to support this bill or not. The considerations
that have been so forcibly urged by the Senators
from the State of Wisconsin pressed- themselves
upon myreflections on this subject. But, sir, I
became satisfied that the State of Wisconsin had
had sufficient time to show the world, whether
she was going to build a road to Lake Superior
or not. It is eight years since the grant was made
to that State to build a road from a point on the
St. Croix river to Superior and to Bayfield; and
although one of the Senators from that State
thinks that some progress has been made in the
work, I have not been able to satisfy myself that
any important portion of the work has yet been
constructed. I appreciate the reasons why noth-
ing has been done; but the State of Minnesota
has a very large interest in this question. She is
entirely an agricultural State, ana my position at
the head of the General Land Office for a few
years enabled me to know that she is one of the
richest States of the great Northwest. In a few
years, her productions of wheat will not be sur-
passed perhaps by any State in the Union of her
size; and now that her southern market is cut off,
and in my opinion must remain cutoff for a num-
ber of years to come, it is of the first importance
that she shall have some outlet to the eastern
market other than by the line of railroads by
Chicago.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire, if it is proper to give the information,
whether there was or was not any evidence be-
fore the committee upon that point, as to how
much had been done in the execution of this trust
created in 1856?
Mr. HEN DRICKS. There was some evidence
upon the subject, for 1 had taken a good deal of
interest to inform myself in regard to it. There
were no witnesses, to my knowledge, before the
committee; we made no investigation of that sort;
but I have inquired about it since the lands were
set apart to the State of Wisconsin at the General
Land Office during the time I was at the head of
that office, of persons likely to know, and I have
been unable to ascertain that anything has been
done upon that work except to transfer from one
company to another the franchises that were
granted by the State of Wisconsin.
I was going on to say that it is of very great
importance to the young State of Minnesota that
she should have some outlet to a market by the
lakes. If I had full confidence that a railroad
would be constructed from Hudson or any con-
venient point on the St. Croix river to either Su-
perior or Bayfield within a reasonable time, I
should not support this bill. I do not agree with
the chairman of the committee that it is the pol-
icy of the General Government to encourage by
donations of the public lands the construction of
roads running parallel or having common termini.
But I do not have faith that the work through the
State of Wisconsin is going to be accomplished.
Some two or three years ago I met an engi-
neer 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend will
allow me to interrupt him. On that point I made
a statement the other day—I do not know whether
the Senator was in hris place or not—and I stated
the means of information that I had from a gen-
tleman who is here. He states to me the fact to
be, and I have every reason to believe that his
statement is correct, that he has himself person-
ally put into the work §35,000, and he is under
obligations to put in §150,000 more, and is per-
fectly able to do it; that twenty miles have been
graded; that the ties are out; that five hundred
tons of iron have already been purchased; and
that they are in process of going on and are to
finish within the year a certain number of miles,
the precise number I cannot now state, but I think
it is some forty-five or fifty miles of the road.
These facts I Should like to have presented to
the committee, that they may really see whether
or not there is a bona fide attempt to build this
road; and I think if the matter was referred to
the committee these facts could be ascertained.
I cannot on my own responsibility and of my own
