1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
knowledge state the tacts; but from correspond-
ence which I have had with gentlemen at Hudson,
who are interested in this route, I understand them
to be as I have just stated. I admit that after the
grant from 1856 down to this war, and for a year
after it commenced, hardly anything was done
upon the road; but within the last year and a half
efforts have been made to construct it, and this
gentleman informs me thata company is arranged
and the capital agreed upon to build rolling-mills
at Superior to make the iron there to put down
on this very road, and that they are about to build
it. This is what he states to me. I should like
to have the committee examine into the facts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In reply to the question
put to me by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Howe,] I was going on to say in respect to my
own information on this question, that two or
three years ago I met with an engineer at the city
of Indianapolis who said to me that he had been
selected by the company as the engineer to locate
the road from.Hudson to Bayfield and to survey
it, and he thought the company'then taking charge
of the work would be able to construct the road,
and he gave me his reasons. They were quite
as encouraging as the suggestions now made by
the Senator from "Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,]
that a sufficient capital, perhaps, had been sub-
scribed; at least, that the men who were going
into the work were men of capital, and would be
able to construct the road. I supposed then that
we should soon hear that the work was going on
in good faith and rapidly; but I heard no more of
it until some time afterwards the franchises were
sold by that company to another. I have observed
that when a privilege is granted by a State to a
company and that company makes a speculation
out of the privilege, and then another company
does the same, you may give up all hope of the
work being very soon constructed. "When priv-
ileges granted by the Legislature to companies be-
come the subject of trade and speculation, the
purpose of really constructing the work is sub-
stantially abandoned.
As I said before, I do not have faith in the con-
struction of the road through Wisconsin from
Hudson to Superior. I do not think any well-
informed company will construct a road from
Hudson to Bayfield. In the first place, Bayfield
is a point on the lake much nearer the eastern
maiket than Superior. It is a better harbor; it
remains open from three to five weeks later in the
fall, and is open from three to five weeks earlier
in the spring, and the harbor at Superior is so de-
fective that one half the boats that go to the north-
western end of Lake Superior cannot make an
entrance. When the Senator says that the road
is to be constructed not to Bayfield but to Supe-
rior, I say that it is a work we need not expect.
I do not believe any company that understands
its interests will construct a road to Superior. I
do not understand that the road from St. Paul
north through Minnesota is to go to Superior.
The bill before us does not propose that it shall
go to Superior, but to some point on the north-
western side of Lake Superior, and of course it will
be some point where there is a good harbor.
I support this bill with reluctance, as I have
said, after my investigations in the committee, be-
cause it is of the first importance that the State of
Minnesota should have an outlet from her capital
to Lake Superior, that the waters of the Missis-
sippi should be connected with Lake Superior. I
support this bill because 1 have faith that the road
will be constructed. The State of Minnesota has
granted, as I understand and as she informs this
body by her memorial, her swamp lands in that
portion of the State to aid in its construction; the
city of St. Paul, I understand, has agreed to sub-
. scribe $250,000—a very large subscription—to-
ward the prosecution of the work; and then if the
company receive the support of this grant, I think
that with the benefits which will be derived from
it with the swamp lands, and with the subscription
made by the city of St. Paul, the road will be con-
structed, and 1 think it will be constructed at a
much earlier day than the road through Wiscon-
sin. I regret to vote for a bill that conflicts at all
with a measure heretofore adopted by Congress;
but so important is it to have an outlet to the
people of Minnesota, that I, with some reluctance,
give my support to this measure.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr.President, if I thought
that the passage of this hill would materially af-
fect the State of Wisconsin, I do not know that I
should urge its passage here. I do not know that
it would be proper, right, or fair, that one State
should ask the aid of Congress in the support of
a measure which would materially affect the in-
terests of the people of any other State. I do not
believe the passage of this bill will injure the peo-
ple of the State of Wisconsin. It is true it may
somewhat affect the value of the railroad stock of
the rival line from Hudson to Bayfield .or Supe-
rior, in case that road shall be built. I hold in
my hand a letter from one of the directors of that
road, which I shall read, because the main point
of argument urged by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin is that it is unfair to grant aid to a rail-
road starting from nearly the same point on the
Mississippi river and terminating at nearly the
same point on the lake. This is a letter from Mr.
Rice, who is largely interested in property at Bay-
field; I think his main real-estate interests are at
Bayfield, in Wisconsin. This letter is written to
a friend of mine, who is now in the city, in regard
to this road.
Mr. HOWE. What is the date of the letter?
Mr. WILKINSON. St. Paul, February 7,
1864. Mr. Rice is a director of the Wisconsin
company who propose to buildaroad from Hud-
son in Wisconsin to Bayfield and to Superior, or
rather I should say that that is the grant; but I
agree with the Senator from Indiana that the pur-
pose is not to make a road to Superior. That is
my conviction. I have thought so for along time.
It has been the general understanding in our part
of the country that their road, if built, would be
built to Bayfield, and not to Superior. In this
letter Mr. Rice says:
" I look upon the building of a railroad from here to the
head of Lake Supenor as a woik of gient national and
State importance. In a national point of view it is second
to hardly any enterpnse named. Ourcity and State would
upon us completion receive new life and vigor. The road
cannot be built for many y&ars without aid from the Gen-
eral Government. I am now and have been always in !a-
vor of a land grant for that purpose, and I cannot see-why
Congress should not give land and money. It is in fact'a
part of the Pacific railroad, and an important pait."
This letter was written in reference to the par-
ticular bill which is now before the Senate. Mr.
Rice, as I have said, is one of the directors of the
Wisconsin road; at least he has been until within
a few days, and I presume he is now.
It has been urged by the honorable Senators
from Wisconsin that the people of Minnesota will
profit just as much by the construction of the Wis-
consin road as they will Jjy the building of this
road. I think I can convince those Senators that
that is not true. In the first place the country
above Hudson toward Superior, through which
the St. Croix river runs, is so rough thatforfifty
or sixty miles up that river, from Hudson or St.
Paul, no communication can be had which would
be practicable to carry the produce of the north-
ern part of our State across to the Wisconsin road.
St. Paul, it must be remembered, is one hundred
or more miles south of the center of our State
north and south. It is much further from there
to ournorthern line than it is to our southern line.
Consequently everything raised north of St. Paul
would have to run south to St. Paul, and then
cross over to Wisconsin, in order to leach the
Wisconsin railroad for the lake. The argument
of those Senators can only hold good as to the
produce which is raised in the immediate vicinity
of St. Paul, or south of it; and here I wish to state
that there is'a road now in pi ogress from the
western terminus of the La Ciosse and Milwau-
kee railroad running due west across our State,
nearly fifty miles of it completed, running through
the richest farming portion of our State, which
acts as a feeder to that great Wisconsin railroad.
. I have no doubt that the building of the road
which is asked for in this bill will afreet some-
what the business of the road which the Senators
from Wisconsin are laboring so zealously to pro-
tect; but I submit that that is hardly a broad
enough gauge for a Senator in the Congress of
the United States to run upon. I admit that what
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle J
has said in regard to the Senators from his State
favoring land grants in Minnesota is true. 1 Be-
lieve those honorable Senators, as a general rule,
have favored measures tending to the advance-
ment of the State of Minnesota; but why do they
oppose this proposition ? Is it because some mt 
out of Wisconsin are or pretend to be interested
in a railroad charter from Hudson to Lake [su-
perior? I understand that those men represent
capital in New Yolk and in Philadelphia, and
other eastern cities. I do not understand that they
are Wisconsin gentlemen. I understand that they
are down here now lobbying with Congress to de-
feat this bill; and why ? Merely because one rail-_
roadcorporation is to be slightly affected by it; -
I do not think the honorable Senators front
Wisconsinfully understand the difficulties of con-
necting St. Paul with Hudson by railroad. lit
the first place, the banks of the Mississippi river;
at St. Paul are, I think, about two hundred and
fifty feet high. The banks of the river St. Croix
at Hudson are, perhaps, equally high, and a rail-
road must run over the high level lands between
those two rivers. To get down to the river-bed
at Hudson will require a very circuitous route.
I do not believe that a railroad between the two
places can be built short of twenty-five miles in
length, although an air line would not, perhaps,
be more than sixteen miles between the two. It
would be a very expensive road to build, and
when built would only accommodate the country
in the immediate vicinity of St. Paul, leaving all
that vast region of country north of it entirely
without any access either to Lake Superior or to
the Mississippi river.
It is said by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] that my former colleague, Mr. Rice,
procured the passage of a resolution to which the
Northern Pacific railroad in Minnesota, as it is
called, may swing around, divert its grant (run-
ning northward toward the Canada line) from the
vicinity of Crow Wing and run to Lake Superior.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Any point between St.
Anthony's falls and Crow Wing; and I under-
stand your Legislature has fixed a point which I
believe is called Onoka—I am not familiar with
the names.
Mr. WILKINSON. The precise point is im-
material so far as regards what I have to say.
The Legislature did pass a law allowing that
company to do that in pursuance of the joint res-
olution of Congress ; but during the last season
the president of that company visited England
for the purpose of buying iron for his road, and
he made a purchase, but itwas upon thecondition
that the company should not accept that grant of
Congress, and, m consequence of that, the com-
pany have not accepted it; and, therefore, so far
as that is concerned, that resolution goes for noth-
ing. It was the express condition of the English
merchants who sold the iron that theroad should
continue on, in pursuance of the original grant*
from Congress, toward the Canada line.
Mr. HOWE. Who "is the president of that
road ? „
Mr. WILKINSON. Edmund Rice,Esq.,the
brother of the late Senator llice.
Mr. HOWE. Residing at St. Paul.'
Mr. WILKINSON. Residing atSt.Paul; and
the company have not accepted the privilege
granted by the resolution passed by Congress to
which the honorable Senator [Mr. Doolittle]
referred. Hence we have no communication and
no provision, as the law now stands, for any com-
munication with Late Superior.
I have not usually at home advocated the in- *
terests of railroad companies gotten up for pur-
poses of speculation, and 1 think my colleague
will bear me out in that statement. If I believed
that this was a speculative concern, if it was a
company organized for purposes of speculation, I
would have nothing to do with it and I would not
say one word about it here; but, sir, the interests
of our people are deeply concerned in this matter.
The people of St. Paul and the country north of
it are intensely excited on this very question.
They ask for this grant more earnestly than they
ask for any other measure affecting their interest
which is before Congress or likely to be before
Congress during the present year. Ihere is a
determination on the part of our people to put
theirmoneyinto thisroadandbuild it. Weknow
ho\ii difficult it is for new communities like Min-
nesota to furnish the means necessary to build a
railroad; and as this is the shortest and quickestand
easiest line of communication to the sea-board,
thev have asked that this grant may be made.
I suppose that for the first forty miles after
leaving St. Paul the company will get no land at
ail. fo"I suppose that land was all taken up years
a4. After going about forty miles, you come
to a lumber country that has not thus far been
