1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE*
ate, situated as we are, cannot get hold of those
facts and consider them in open session as well
as they can be considered in committee. Besides
that, sir, I have not become so possessed of the
facts mysplf that I can state to the Senate pre-
cisely the condition of the question. I want it to
go to the committee that they may learn the pre-
cise facts, and have the evidence before the com-
mittee to know how far capital has become in-
vested, how far vested rights may be injured by
this rival grant; and this, it seems to me, is ask-
ing but little. Wisconsin does not ask anything,
more than it has a right to ask, that its side should
be heard in the committee, and the facts really
presented; and that is the question pending on this
motion to recommit. I know a committee are al-
ways reluctant to have this labor imposed on them;
when they have once had a question before them,
they are very glad to get rid of it and have it
brought before the Senate; but, after all, if there
are gentlemen connected with this road who can
give them direct and positive information as to
the condition of its resources, how far they have
proceeded in building the road and complying
with the terms of the grant, it seems to me it would
be very unjust not to allow them to be heard and
let the facts come before the committee. All that
has been considered before the committee as yet
really has been the question of law, the law of the
case, not the facts of the case, and it is the facts
of the case that want to be considered.
One word more I desire to say to my honorable
friends from Minnesota. We are as anxious as
they to connect the navigable waters of Lake Su-
perior with the navigable waters of the Missis-
sippi by every railroad route and by every water
route possible, and it is from a national interest
as well as a State and local interest; but I say to
my honorable friends who represent Minnesota
on this floor, that the proposition introduced into
this body and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to open a water route through the
Wisconsin and Fox rivers to Green bay, is a
question of more interest to Minnesota and to
Iowa than all the railroads put together; because
, when from St. Paul the steamboats that load on
the bank« of the Mississippi can go themselves
to the navigable waters of the lakes, when produce
can be shipped to Green bay in the same steamers
that go to St. Paul, as it can be by an expenditure
not exceeding $2,500,000, the producing inter-
ests of Alinnesota and of northern Iowa are more
interested in it than they are in all the railroads
that can be built across Wisconsin, because the
water will float the produce so much cheaper, and
there can be no monopoly upon a water route of
communication; and this very opening of a water
route is what is necessary to prevent the monopo-
lies in the railroad routes.
At the same time I do not object to your com-
munication between St. Paul and Lake Superior,
nor do I object to a communication through the
State of Minnesota to Superior. The law now,
under the resolution which Mr. Rice, as Senator
from Minnesota, got through this body the last
session he was here, authorizes the building of a
railroad to Superior to connect with a route lead-
ing to St. Paul at any place between St. Anthony
(which is only eight miles west of St. Paul) and
Crow Wing. They can choose their own line.
Go eight miles further west than St. Paul, and you
have already a right to build a road and have a
land grant over it. That is the law of Congress
as it stands now; but will you make another rail-
road grant, bringing it still nearer the grant which
wars made to Wisconsin?
Speaking of the raihoad grants to Wisconsin,
I piesume to say now that 1 was altogether mis-
taken when I was on the floor before in stating
that Minnesota had two acres to our one. I pre-
sume, from looking over the maps, that she has
had more than five acres granted by the United
States to aid m the construction of railroads, to
one that Wisconsin has had.
Mr. President, T hope this bill will be sent to
the committee, and let all these facts be heard there.
Let the committee get the definite facts, sworn
testimony if you please, in relation to what has
been done on this road.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, I trust Sena-
tors will recollect that the people of .\J innesota who
come hero through theii Legislature, they and their
Legislature understandingallt he tacts, ai e not heie
asking a. donation of land in the State of Wiscon-
sin. It is in the Slate of Minnesota that we ask*
for a grant of lands. Is it not surprising that we
should meet with this opposition on the part of.
the State of Wisconsin, as though we were trying
to invade that State and asking for her lands? Is
it an unfair thing for us to ask that we may have
within our own State a connection between the
navigable waters of the Mississippi and the nav-
igable waters of the lake? Is it unreasonable?
Our immense system of railroads is just beginning
to.be developed in Minnesota, and upon various
parts of it we have thirty or forty miles of rail-
road already completed, and the measures are in
active operation for its further completion; and is
it not a fair and proper thing that at this point of
concentration of all these roads we should have
within our own State an outlet to Lake Superior ?
Is it not a most unreasonable thing to attempt to
deny it to us?
Mr. FOSTER.. Mr. President, I confess that
my impressions are in favor of the bill reported
by the committee; and if it be pressed to a vote
now, as at present ad used I shall vote for it.
But the honorable Senates froffc Wisconsin, both
of them, urge with great earnestness that there are
facts in this case which have not been presented
before the committee who reported the bill, and
which they have had no opportunity as yet to
present. The committee are not, as, oC course,
no committee is,disposed to take backabill which
they think they have examined; but still, if these
Senators are of opinion that they have important
facts not yet presented to thc^committee, it seems
to me but just that they shall have an opportunity
to submit them. It can delay the bill but for a
very short time. It will be in the power of the
committee to report it again, even to-morrow. If
the Senators from Wisconsin have not the facts
ready, and are not prepared to furnish them to
the committee within such reasonable time as the
committee think they ought to do so, of course
the bill can come back at once. If they present
them, and if, on considering them, no alteration
is produced in the opinion of the committee, they
can again report the bill, and the Senate can act
upon it. The delay will be very short, and it
seems to me better,under the circumstances, that
the bill should go back rather than be pressed to
a vote now.
The Senate seems very thin, and a division may
not result in the passage of the bill, even if a ma-
jority of those present are in favor of it. I sug-
gest that it would be advisable at least to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to state that the very
question about which the argument,has been pre-
sented was the very first question submitted by
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
to the committee for its consideration.. The first
leading question submitted to the committee by
the chaiiman was whether the existence of the
grant in Wisconsin ought to weigh against a fa-
vorable reporf of the bill sent to the committee;
and then the second question submitted by the
chairman was whether the resolution to which
Senators have referred, authorizing the diversion
of another grant of land in Minnesota, was of
sufficient importance to justify them in reporting
unfavorably. The committee, after considering
both of these questions in their order, decided in
favor of reporting the bill favorably.
Mr. HOWE. Let mc remind the Senator that
at the time the committee passed upon those ques-
tions, it is very evident they passed upon them
on the assumption that nothing had been done
toward building the Hudson and Superior road.
Mr. HARLAN. Not, that nothing had been
done, but that not\cry much had been done. Yet,
as I stated before, I think from the indications of
the committee they would have reported favora-
bly if that load had been completed and in run-
ning order. At least my vote would have been
so given. I acted on the ground that the road
through Wisconsin would not be built; but if it
should be, nevertheless Minnesota had a right to
this grant under the policy that has b§en adopted
by Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. I-IOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oniered; and being
takun, resulted—yeas 8, nays '29; as follows;
Davis. Dixon, DooLttle, Foster, Harris,
Howe, Moig ill, uihI Sherman—8.
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Brown, ituckalew, Carlile,
Chandler, Cormcss, Cowan, Foot, Grimes, flarding;, "Har-
lan, Hendricks. Howard, Johnson,Lane of Indira, Lane
of Kansas, MeDougall, Nesmith,Pomeroy, Powell, Ram-
sey, Itlddie, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wiiae, Wilkinson,
Willey, Wilson, and Wright—29. 1
So the Senate refused to recommit the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move now that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
Thursday next, in order that I may produce.the
facts bearing upon this question before the Sen-
ate, as I cannot get it sent to a committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust the Senator fo,r 8 mo-
ment at least will withdraw the motion, to enaty?
me now to present my amendment. ..."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
that, certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now propose to amend the
amendment of-the committee in the first section
by striking out all after the word " thereof," in
the thirteenth line, and insert what 1 send to the
Chair.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I have moved that the
bill be postponed until Thursday next, let an
order be made to print the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, it has been printed.
Mr, WILKINSON. I understand that thefre
are some amendments which, the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands will offer to the bill,
and I suggest to the Senator from Wisconsin to
waive this motion to postpone for the present,
and let the bill be perfected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I may desire to offeramend-
ments myself to the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator can do it
when the bill comes up. I hope he will allow the
amendments of the chairman of the committee to
be acted upon by the Senate now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until
Thursday next.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 15, noes 14; not a quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILKINSON. On consultation with my
colleague, we waive all- objection to the postpone-
ment of the bill, as that seems to be desired by
some of its friends.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If that be the case, I am
willing to withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The fact appears
by the last division that the Senate is without a
quorum, and it cannot proceed with business un-
til the fact appears that there is a quorum pres-
ent. The Secretary will therefore call the roll on
the motion to postpone.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAP—Messrs. Anthony, Crown, Btickalew, Carlile,
Conness, Cowan, Davit;, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Ilains, Howard, iJovvo-, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, MeI)ougaII,Mi>igan, Mot rill, Powell, Rid-
dle, Sheinian, Willcy, U'il^on, and Wright—97.
NAYS—Messrs Chandler, Hardin?, Harlan, Hendricks,
Nesmitli, Rmn,-ey, Sumner, Vail Winkle, and Wilkinson
i —9.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 145) to equalize the pay of soldiers in the
United States Army.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent m executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 7, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Cuanning.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER.stated the business first in
, order to be the call of committees for reports for
| reference, not to be brought up again by a motion
! to reconsider.
