970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
The list of committees was called over, but no
reports presented.
CALL OF STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States in their inverted or-
der, commencing with the State of Ohio, for res-
olutions and the introduction of bills.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that both members on the Committee on
Enrolled Bills are absent from the House. The
Chair asks the privilege of Appointing a commit-
tee temporarily for the examination of bills.
No objection being made, the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. Pike and Mr. McKinney.
DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, and on their adoption de-
manded the previous question:
Whereas doubts exist m respect to the binding force
and efficacy of either of the resolutions of this IIou e passed
on the subject of the Dictionary of Congress during the
piesent session: Therefore,
Resolved, That the refutation providing for printing said
work, passed February 12, 1864, be, and the same is here-
by, affirmed as the resokition of this House in all particu-
lar, save only the price thereof, which is hereby limited
to the sum of one dollar per copy.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, the vote was—ayes 34, noes 18; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BEAMAN moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called over, and the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson, Baxter, Blaine,
Clay, Cobb, Cravens, HemyWinter Davis, Dawson, Edger-
ton,Engh-di, Fenton, Frank, Gooch,Gnder, Griswold, Hale,
Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Iligby, flohnan, Hotehkiss,
Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Orlando Kellogg, King, Le Blond,
Littlejohn, LongjLongyear, Luvejoy, Maicy, Marvin, Mc-
Allister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson,
Rogci^, Ed waul II. Rollins, Scofield, Sloan. Stcbbins, John
H. Steele, William G. Steele, Strouse, Thomas, Ward,
Ehhu B. Washburne, Chilton A. White, Wmficid, Benja-
min Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman.
The Speaker announced that one hundred and
eighteen membeis—a quorum—had answered to
their names.
Mr. STILES moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurrcd on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The House divided; and the vote stood—ayes
52, noes 43.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. I^Iorrill
and Spalding were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. MORRILL moved to lay the resolution on
the table; and on that motion called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allison, Arnold, Ashley, Baxtei, Boa-
man, Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Ambrose W. Cbuk, Free-
man Cinrke, Donneilv, llripgs, Dumont, Ecldey, Eliot,
Farnwvorth, Gntmcll, Holman, Asahcl W. llubbaid, Hui-
buid, Julian, Ka«son, Koliej', Fiancis W. Kellogg, Loan,
M<*Bnde,McClur2, fcsamuol F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers-, Oith,Peih«mi, Pike. Price, John II. Rice,
Sclienck, Scofield, Shannon, Smitheis, Stevens, Upson,
Van Valkenbmgh, Wiliutin B. Washburn, Wilder, Wil-
son, and Wmdom—46
NAYS—Me-^is. James C. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ander-
son, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John i). Baldwin, Fran-
oi=s P. Blair, Bli^, Brandegee, Brooks, Broomall, William
G Biown,Chanler,Coffioth, Cox, Cieswell. Dawson, Dem-
ing. Dixon, Eden, Eldndge, Finclc. Ganson, Gaifield, Hall,
Hauling, Harrington, L'hailes M. Hairi*, Heiuck, Huich-
in?, William Johnson, Kalblleiseh, Kernan, Knapp, Law,
Lazear.Mallory,McKmney,Middleton, William II. Miller,
Moorhead, Mo'rrison, Noble, John O-'Neill, Pciry, Pruyri,
Alexander II. Rice, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, Smith,
Spalding, Starr, Sliles, Stnait, Sw<*at, Thayer, Vooihee-s
Wadsworth, YVhaley, Joseph W. White,and Williams—63.
So the resolution was not latd on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SMITH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Randall, was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. VAN VALKENRURGH crated that his
colleague, "Mr. Fenton, was detained from the
House by indisposition.
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague, Mr. j
Strouse, had been called home on important bus-
iness.
Mr. LAW stated that his colleague, Mr. Ed-
gerton, was detained from the House by sick-
ness, .
Mr. WEBSTER, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. MORRILL objected.
Mr. LONGYEAR, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. STILES objected.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. MORRILL callcd for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—Y£as 6%~nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jmifs C. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ander-
son, Baity, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D.Baldwin,Francis
P. Blair, IJliss^ Biandegee, Biooks, Broomall, William G.
Brown, ('hauler, Coffroth, Cox, Creswell, Dawson, Dom-
ing, Denmson, Dixon, Eden, Eldridge, Ganson, Garfield,
Hall, Harding, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, Herrick,
Hutehins, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Mallory, McKmney,Middleton, William H.
Miller, Mooihead, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill, Perry,
Pruyn, Alexander II. Rice, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stiles, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer,
Voorhees, YVadsworth, Webster, WhaJey, Joseph W.
White, Williams, and Wilder—65.
NAYS—Messis. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter,
Beaman, Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Ambrose W.Clark,
Fieeman Clarke, Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Grinnell, Holman, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Julian, Kasson, KeJley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, McCiurg, Samuel F. Miiler,
Morrill, Daniel Morris," Amos Myers, Orth, Pendleton, Per-
ham, Pike, Piice, John II. lticc, Schenck, Scofield, Shan-
non, SmiMiers, Stevens, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, William
15. Washburn, Wilson, and Windom—49.
So the resolution was adopted.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. McBRIDE, not being within the bar when
his name was called,asked leave to vote.
Mr. STILES objected.
Mr. COLE, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. STILES objected.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I give notice that
when Illinois is again called I shall introduce a
resolution repealing the one just adopted.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
Mr. COX. I submit the following resolution,
and demand the previous question on its passage:
Resolved, That the President communicate to this House
what steps, if any, he has taken, or is now taking, fpr the ex-
change of prisoners ; and that, if compatible with the pub-
lic selvice, he communicate all unpublished coriespond-
ence m relation to such exchange.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques- :
tion, on a'division there were—ayes 36, noes 55.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to debate the reso-
lution.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table, in order to g&t a vote on it.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the previous
question not having been seconded, the resolution
must lie over.
Mr. COX. I demand tellers on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Dawes were appointed.
Mr. COX. I will so modify my resolution that
it will read, "this information shall be furnished
if notincompatible with the publicinterest." We
want to know what is going on in reference to the
exchange of prisoners.
Mr. DAWES. I have entire confidence m the
military arm of the Government in reference to
this matter,quite as much,at least, as in our own
competency.
Mr. COX. I do this on behalf of the prisoners
of war and their friends at home.
Mr. DA WES. I think that the interests of the
prisoners of war are safer in the hands of the De-
partment than in ours.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, the tellers reported—ayes forty-four.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does not the resolution lie
over if objection be made?
The SPEAKER. It does, as it is a call on one
of the Executive Departments.
" Mr. STEVENS. Then I object, and It must go
over. .
The SPEAKER. The House is now dividing.
• Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a point of order.
The resolution is objected to, and it mustgo over,
and I ask that further division be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no way
by which a division of the House can be inter-
rupted, cxccptby unanimous consent.
The tellers reported—noes fifty-six.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DAWES. 1 propose to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over, under the
rule.
TRIAL OF JAMES M. HUNT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House ail the testimony and^proceedings
before a military commission which convenea at Norfolk,
Virginia, on the 28th day of December, 1863, for the trial of
James M. Hunt, late master of transportation and super-
intendent of vessels in the quartermaster's department of
the department of Virginia.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Being a call on one of the
Executive Departments, itmust lie over under the
rule, objection being made, even after the call for
the previous question.
MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. ALLEY. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. - •
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the unanimous -consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads House bill No. •
142, to provide for carrying the mails from the
United States to/oreign ports,'"and for other pur-
poses. It is of great importance to the Depart-
ment and the country, and will elicit, I think, lit-
tle or no discussion.
Mr. LOAN. I object.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to .suspend the rules for
the purpose indicated.
The rules were suspended, and the report was
received.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, the first section
provides that all steamers and sailing vessels owned
by citizens of the United States shall be compelled
to carry the mails from any port in the United
States to any foreign port, or from any foreign
port to any port in the United States, for such
reasonable compensation as may be allowed by
law. The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads thought this provision was just and proper,
inasmuch as they receive the protection of the
United States Governmental a vast expense, and
it is no more than what should be required of
them that they should be compelled to perform
this service for the Government. This is in ac-
cordance with the recommendation of the Depart-
ment, and has received, I believe, the unanimous
consent of the committee.
The second section provides suitable penalties
for the enforcement of the provisions of the first
section.
The third section authorizes the Postmaster
General to make contracts to continue, not ex-
ceeding four years, for the transportation of all
mailable matter other than letters, and of such
letters as may be so directed, by the isthmus or
the Nicaragua routes, provided the expenditure
for the service shall not exceed §160,000 per an-
num. And in case more than one company is
engaged in rendering this service, the Postmaster
General shall determine the proportion of this
sum which shall be paid to each.
At the present time the Department have con-
tracted for carrying the mails by the overland
!i route at an annual expense of §1,000,000. The
ii newspaper mail and matter other than letters are
U conveyed by sea at a compensation, 1 believe, of
!j §100,000 per annum to the parties carrying it.
!! That service at present is contracted for by the
