972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March %
from the further consideration of House bill No.
29G, for the benefit of John Dickson, of Illinois,
There heingno objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was*discharged from its further
consideration, and the bill was brought before the
House for action.
The bill directs the payment of §21,000 to John
Dickson, of Illinois, to compensate him for the
damages he sustained by reason of the failure of
J. W. Belger, quartermaster of United States vol-
unteers, to receive one hundred thousand bush-
els of corn tendered him by said Dickson, under
a contract therefor.
Mr. EARNS WORTH asked for the reading of
the report.
The report from the Committee on Military
Affairs was read. The committee finds that the
statements contained in thelettei of Mi. Dickson
are true, and the bill gives him the actual differ-
ence between the contract price (seventy-five cents
per bushel) agreed to be paid by the Government
and price realized by Dickson for the coin when
he was obliged to sell it in the market of Balti-
more, namely, fifty-four cents. This is twenty-
one cents per bushel—amounting to $21,000. This
does not include anything for storage, drayage,
or interest.
Mr. Dickson's letter, referred to in the report,
was read, as,follows:
Washington, d. C,, February 29,1864.
My Dkar Sir : Agreeable to your request I hand you the
following statement:
fn the mouth of December, 1861,1 purchased of J. W. Do] [."
of Illinois, a contract made with iiiiij by the Government^
ai Haltimmc, on ihu 28th day of November, 1861, for the
flehvt'i y o{ one hundred thousand tm-hel> of com, to be de-
livered in Baltimore, at si\t/-nmc cent? per bushel,and *ix
cents per bushel tot the sack—in all seventy-five c^nt-s p«r
buahel. f nipeed to pay Bell §9U0 for the contract, provided
tin* rju.uTer'iuiHoi" at Baltimore would sanction the as>M2U-
ukmuoi the contract by Hell to me. I deposited the money
with a gentleman in Chicago. And I \v;is to take the con-
tract and 150 onto Baltimore, and if the quartermaster would
acknowledge lite conn act and the assignment to be right and
coueci, then I was to telegraph the gentleman m Chicago
to p.iv ovet iho money to Bell. J came on to Baltimore;
called upoimhe quart pi ma -ter. (Major JJclser',) showed him
the eoiitcaet wiih ihe assignment by Bell. BeUicr a?suu:d
me that it wa< all right, and would be earned out, and oj-
dered m\ name to be put on hit. book* in the place of ;
al«o, when he made out ins icport of contract!* made with
ditfeieiu panie-, I was one of the contractor named; and
my name and contract were *ent \v 11 h otheis, to the receiver
of product' at riie Camden station of the BaJthnoie and Ohio
lailro.id, hut tlieie was no order pent to receive the corn,
and I \va-> put oil' irom day to davfor two months, the quar-
termaster >1 aim? 1 hat the j had no capacity to di^po^e of the
com, fm 1 hey had -ne!) quantities on hand, and at the same
time'were lecoivnig corn from other paifes, at two cents
pei hii^he} more than I wa> to get for mine. Aftei waiting
over two months, \ made a wmun tHwlorof the coin to
liim. He then H'fericd me to the Quartermaster General
in V\'a-hn!g!oii, and when L called upon hun he said thej
had mm e em 11 or, hand than he could dispose of, but waited
know why Betger referred thes-e tilings to lum, as he
(Belgerl m uh' the'eontiact.
I iield the coin until the month of June, paving
Mor.ige, h u a- din im* this month tliat the Quai term.UfM
Genertl ie:u^ed to receivP the corn. Then I was eom-
pi llt'd (.) m>U on a low market in hot weather, receiving at
an aveiaire ol tili.\-four cents per bushel, leaving me at a
Jo-s 01 tweiny-<im; ccntf per bushel, beside ttoiaee and the
intere-t of money that f had borrowed to pmchase the corn
am! bag-wiih. Alter I paid tor the bng> and corn,and cx-
pe.'W-, I could not have made over one cent pci bu-hei.
Howevet. f in'lilled niv pait of the contract in good faitJi-
[ nevei once thomrlit but what the Gowinment, thi.tugh
her agent?, would do tlie smto by me. I bouowed the
money to p.iv lor the com ami <\\p 'n5e-«, and m\ m-iirli
ho'-s imlm ->'d m\ note5-, with the expectation that I would
letuiu the mom«\ iusKtyday^. [ war-not able to do so.
owing to the (iovei nment failing to receive the coin. YVlvn
I reticrm d home f ichoved my indor-crss by giving tru-t
deed- upon m\ ptopcitj, which deed> matuicd Several
months >ince. I paid on them what money I received, and
the tunc h.b been c\fi-nded until now. f < Xp< mh'd sev-
cta! thousand dotlai^nfmy own, which leavs me now
moic than tweutv-llve thousand d'dsait woi^e orFthan when
I commence*!. v * * * * * * *
JOHN OiCKs-QN.
Mr. FA RNSWORTII, The Commufce on
Military Affair.* found that the statements con-
tained m the letter of Mr. Dickson were tiue,
  from an inspection of all the papers and from the
examination of witnesses. Itisalso tiuethatthe
CommfUo<! mi Military Affairs at the hist session
of Congress repoitod a bill in favor of this claim-
ant to a larger amount than the one we have re-
ported—twenty-four thousand dollars odd. It in-
eluded the moneys paid for drayage, storage,&c.
We have simply reported a bill to pay lum the
difference between the contract price of the corn
end the pure lor which Mr<Ji)ickson was obliged
to sell it in the Haltimore mar ket. We fee! thai it
is an urgent ease, and one appealing- to our sense
of justice and equity.
Mr. DR1GGS. I wish to inquire whether it is
competent for us this bill to censure the officer
whose fault this was?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Major Beiger has been
already dismissed the service. I move the pre-
vious quesiiow.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and undp-r its operation
the hill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
- Mr. FARNSWOUTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of contestant.
Mr. MALLORY asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
resolved, That John s. Sleeper, of Massachusetts, be
allowed the mileage and pay that he wouki have been en-
titled to if Iw had been a member of this Congiess.
Mr. ORTH. I object.
Mr. MALLORY, I move to suspend the rules
to allow me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will not the gentleman from
Kentucky allow the resolution to be referred to
the Committee of Elections?
Mr. MALLORY. I really sec no necessity for
the reference. The House understands the res-
olution. 1 have no doubt every member of the
Committee of Elections would vote for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has been usual to refer
such resolutions to the Committee of Elections
before passing them.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 move to suspend the rules,
and I hope the House will adopt the resolution
now.
The motion was not agreed to; two thirds not
voting therefor.
GENERAL DEBATE FOR SATURDAYS.
"Mr. STEVENS. I ask the consent of the
House to move that Satuiday next, and each suc-
ceeding Saturday until further ordered, be set
apart for general debate, with the understanding
that no vote shall be taken.
There being no objection, the motion was re-
ceived and adopted.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. With a view of moving to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the deficiency bill, I move to
postpone all special orders in committee which
take precedence of that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 desire to appeal to thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to allow us half an
hour to go on with a call of committees for re-
ports.
Mr. STEVENS. -If committees could be regu-
larly called for reports, i would yield.
The SPEAKER. The committees cannot be
called in their regular ordu. If the House goes
to the cull of committees for reports, the gold bill
will first come up. But ihe rules do not provide
for a call of committees for reports on Monday.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 hope the gentleman will
I at any rate allow rue to report one bill from the
Committee on Military Affairs, which it is im-
portant should he passed.
Mr. STEVENS. The deficiency bill must be
passed. There are many hands who have already
been without their pay for several months in con-
sequence of the delay in passing this bill.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, prc-
i Rented the memorial und panels of Emanuel Gal-
| leajros, contesting in tins House the seat of the
| Delegate from New Mexico; which were referred
1 to the Committee of Elections.
NAVAL CODE.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Printing, reported the fol-
lowing resolution, and on Us adoption demanded
the pievious question:
rpsotre.l That two humhful and fifty additional copies
of the proposed nru-d eode be piinted tor tho of the
navj depitum ru and the- comnus.-wner ol the code.
The previous auestion was seconded, and the
main question ortiered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted^ and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eli rolled bill.
Mv* McKINNEY, from the Committee ttn En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 122) to increase the internal' revenue, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
same.
National armory.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back House bill No. 267, authorizing com-
missioners to select a site for a national armory,
and for other purposes; which was referred to the
select committee on national armories.
aaron t. doll.
Mr. BROWN, of Wes£Virginia, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee of Claims
a joint resolution for the relief of Aaron T. Doll;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to he printed.
THE BAINBRIDOE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill iixing the date of the
loss of the United States brig Bainbridge, and
for the relief of officers, seamen, and marines of
the same, and for other purposes; "which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. LONGYEAR, by unanimousconsent, in-
troduced a bill relating to the office of Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings; which was re.ad a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
. on Public Buildings and Grounds.
iutchie'8 compass.
Mr. EL TOT, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs inqoire
into the expediency of purchasing for the use of the United
States the i-ght to use and manufacture Ritchie's compass
for irou-clad ships; with leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
deficiency rill again.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the stateoftheUnron. Bcforegoingintocom-
mittee, however, 1 move that all general debate
upon the deficiency bill be terminated in ten min-
utes after the House goes into committee. ^
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman desire the
debate upon the deficiency bill to be limited to five
minutes?
Mr. STEVENS. Five minutes,of course, upon
each amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Is that, all ? Well, sir, I wish
to say that this is an entirely new bill. We sent
it to the Senate with only six or seven millions
and it has come hack to us with £105,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman wish to
[ debate the bill on. general principles?
1 Mr. BROOKS, i do.
air. STEVENS. I move, then, that general
! debate be closed in one hour on the amendments
! of th<; Senate to the bill, ldo not make thatmo-
| lion to occupy the time myself, hut for the benefit
I of the gentleman fiom New York.
I Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to discuss the biUrand
nothing else.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pendcd,and thcHousc resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Umop.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself* into the
Cmrimirteeofthe Wholeon the state of ihe Union,
(Mr. A«hlpa* in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the nrst question in
order to be the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No, 156, to supply
