1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ifS
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G4
Fust amendment of the Senate:
Ftrike out the following:
Treasury Department:
.Tor 01 additional cW-rks, mefsmigers, and laborers
in trie -cvtrsl olitce*, of the Treasury Department, from
January i to Jun«j 3i), 1884, namely:
In tin: otiicfc of the Secretary of "the Treasury, one clerk
of clan-- four, one of cla^ three, eight of class two, and four-
teen of c!a>s one, .$15,700.
In the construction branch of the Treasury, one super-
vising arclnu'ctjone asMStant architect, two clerks of class
four, tour <>i class three, two of eta^s one, and one messen-
ger, $0,000.
in tiit: First Comptroller's office, five clerks of class four,
and four of da** one, substituted for one oi class one,
in the Second Comptroller's office, two clerks of class
four, eight of class three, eight of class two, and fifteen of
class one, <'23,200.
in flie First Auditor's office, two clerks of elass four, and
one ot cla«a two, $'2,500.
in the^neond Auditor'so(hee,twohundredandsixclerks
of on'.-, and one clerk at ^9U0 per annum,§124.050.
In the Tliiwi Auditor's office, two clerks of class four,
two of ebu<s three, five of class two, twenty-four of class
one, and one messenger and two laborer®, .®22,*2.>0,
iu the Fourth Auditor's office, five clerks ot clats four,
nine of e'a-ws three, nine of class two, thirty-five of class
one. and one laborer, $39,300.
in the Treasurer's office, lour clerks of cla«=s four, two
of ela>i- three, seventeen of class two, f ix of class one, and
additional ch*rk-?, .$27,iOG. *
In tnc Registers offiee, four ck-rks of class four, six of
c!a<s mx of cla>b two, eight of class one, and one
!!)«•-.onaur. Vl7."30.
In the ofiice o! the Commissioner of Customs, one clerk
of elua three, three of class two, and tour ot class one,
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that that amendment
will not be concurred in. I understand the Third
Auditor can get along with fewer clerks if he lS'al-
lowed clerks of a higher class. I hope that the
amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means have recommended a concurrence in that
amendment. The same thing is provided for in
another section afterwards, which is the'proper
place for an amendment. I am willing all of these
amendments of the Senate shall be non-concurred
in, and let them go to a committee of conference,
which I think would be the best way. The Senate
have added some eighty-seven million dollars to
the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert: e
For siip[iUm<r a deficiency in the euirent expenses or
till: bunicti "mint Deliver lor the current fiscal year,
(39.
Ml. BROOKS. I have some remarks to make
on tins bill, and I would as lief make them now
as at any other time. If it be in older to discuss
the bill before acting on the amendments of the
Senate, 1 will proceed. . .
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is now m order
for one hour. .
Mr B1100K3. Mr. Chairman, when the de-
ficiency bill, then under seven millions, was be-
fore the House some time ago, I expressed my
surprise at its magnitude, and referred to the es-
timates to show that the appro jiuations were tar
bevond what the Secretaries asked. 1 have none
of those remarks to retract. 1 rise now to remind
the House that the objections 1 then made to uis
bill have greater force to the extraordinary addi-
tions made to this bill as it reaches us amended,
that is, added to, by the Senate. The ougiual
estinrur-i submitted to the House for deficiencies
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, ieb-1,
were only $ S.lbO.oil 13. These were made up
of estimates-
House shot far beyond the original. As the bill
went to the Senate it appropriated §7,469,109 65.
The Senate sent it back to us with additional ap-
propriations for deficiencies of $98,953,608. So
the deficiency bill, as added to by the Seriate,
stands forward with the gigantic appropriation
of $106,424,718 40. The Committee of Ways
and Means have amended that bill by striking out
$151,000, and the deficiency bill, as amended by
the Committee of Ways and Means, asks us to
appropriate $105,888,386 40. The table may be
stated thus: ®
Amount contained inoriginal (House) bill,
Senate amendments thereto 
$7,469,109 65
§8,953,608 75
Total  106,422,718 40
Amount stricken out of original bill by Sen-
ate amendments, in which the Committee
of Ways arid Means recommend concur-
rence    382,832 00
Amount inserted by Senate, in which the
Committee of Ways and Means, recom-
mend non-concuirence 
106,039,886 40
151.500 00
Total amount m hill as now reported..$105,688,386 40
, and mi*-
, fil.3Ll.37l 13
*5,000 00
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from New
York will not fail to say that the Committee of
Ways and Means do not ask that sura. That is
the amount of the bill as returned from the Senate.
The Committee of Ways and Means ask only
about eight millions. AH the remainder has been
sent from, the Senate. 1 will say to the gentleman
that the committee have concluded to ask the
House to non-concur mail theamendmen-tsof the
Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. I take the report of the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means us annexed
to the bill itself, in which they recommend con-
currence in the first, second, fourth, fifth, sixth,
six and a half, eighth, ninth, tenth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, and sixteenth amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. That is so, but at a subse-
quent meeting of the committee they thought it
best to non-concur, if the House would agree to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I am correct, then.
Mr. STEVENS. Correct in reference to the
first action of the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am both pleased and amazed
at the change of action now first announced upon
the part of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I am pleased because the idea of non-concurrence
shows they are appalled with the magnitude of
the Senate appropiiations as well as so humble
a member of the House as myself. But I am
more than amazed that they propose to take from
this House, by the simple proposition to non-
concur, the deliberate and detailed action of the
House upon these enormous expenditures, and
abandon the constitutional powers and functions
of this House to examine in detail all these amend-
ments of the Senate, and to throw that whole
power from us into the hands of a mere committee
] of conference to be appointed by the Chair. To
; non-concur with the Senate upon thisbill in its pres-
ent stage is to abandon all our right, all our au-
thority, all our duty to examine the details of ex-
penditures proposed by the action of the Senate,
and to throw the whole discussion and delibera-
tion, which justly belong to tins House, exclusive-
ly into the hands of a committee of conference.
, The lesult of this action has recently been seen
! on the whisky bill. rlhat bill was lost m this
■ House by a large mujouty, defeated over and
] over again, the House having sfiirmcd its intcn-
i lion to [iasfij a retroactive law upon the stock of
' whisky on hand; yet the House was, by mere
j parliamentary action, by the action of a commit-
! tee of conference, depihed of its legitimate power
i to impose a retroactive duty, as ltintended, upon
| the stock on hand,and the Senate, by concurrence
with the adhering action of the House, was ena-
; bled to pass the bill almost as originally intended
by the Senate, despite all the resolves and re-
resohes of the House. _
i 1 warn the House, therefore, in a bill of this
ntfude, disposing of over a hun
Fur civil list, fotefan intercoms,
en an   ;r v;
I\1| Inteiioi Department, (huh,in)
I\>r Vi\) lJepaitment 
And here 1 wish to call the attention of the
Ilouie to the tact that though it must have been
well known then as now that the time of onhst-
uvntofe larire body ol'our trooos vvas aboutexp.r-
i .r, Vet the;e was not a call lor a dot ai ol d.fi
cir.icy "from the War Department. 1 l.efeecre ta,>
of War admitted, by his mIciicc, that he kul .
the money he wanted. The Committee of Ways
and Means, however, paid but little attention to
the deficiency estimates of the isecrctary^o the
^ua^i^d°S;\"rboth committee and !l tact. The reason why «h
retroactive feature in it when it finally passed, is
because the House did not appoint a eomiiutteo
of conference at the last, but upon the mot ion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Stevens]
adhered to its disagreement to"the amendments of
the Senate, and allowed the Senate t.o recede from
its amendments, thus leaving.the bill wjthoutthe
retroactive feature. .
Of course the gentleman will be just- to the
Chair by saying that iu each instance a. majority
of the members of the committee on the par t of
the House agreed in their votes,with the majority
of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I was far from casting any im-
putation whatever upon the action of the Speaker,
He fairly represented on the committees of confer-
ence the majority of the House. 1 was but show-
ing that though the House htfd determined by
forty majority to have the thing its own way, and
repeated that determination over and over again
by ten and fifteen majority, yet by parliamentary
action the determination of the House was re-
versed and t}ie bill passed without this retroactive
feature.
Mr. COLFAX. It was because the House re-
fused to raise another committee of conference,
but under the operation of the rules voted an ad-
herence. The Senate then receded, and the bill
passed.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill as it passed is pre-
cisely as the House agreed to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand all that. 1 com-
prehend the parliamentary tactics, comprehended
them at the time, and if I had not intended to vote
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania I should
have resisted his proposition. It is because he
is the old parliamentarian that he is now that he
would still wish, if he could, to take from the dis-
cussion and examination of this House the details
of this bill by the actiqn of a conference commit-
tee, by transferring the forum of discussion 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman makes amis-
take. The reason why we have not a tax upon
whisky on hand now is not because of parliament-
ary tactics. There is no trace of parliamentary
tactics about it, and a reference to the facts will
show it. The House put a tax on whisky on
hand. The Senate struck that out as an amend-
ment; it came back to the House, and the House
concurred in that amendment; and the reason why
there is no tax upon whisky on hand to-day i3
because the majority of the House, in its legiti-
mate functions and in discharging its duty, with-
outthe aid or skill of my friend fr.om Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] at all, concurred in the action of
the Senate. It was done by the concurrent action
of the two Houses, and not by any committee of
conference; and that is the reason why there is
no tax on whisky on hand.
Mr. BROOKS. I comprehend all that thor-
oughly.
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman has less
excuse for misstating it.
Mr. BROOKS. I comprehend it perfectly, and
do not misstate it. I will not take time to discuss
this matter. I simply state the fact that this
House,atone time by foity-four majority,and at
other times by majorities of ten and twelve, re-
solved and re-resolved to tax the whisky on hand,
and the whisky on hand is not taxed despite the
resolution of the House. The country understands
that, and we will not dispute about the ways and
means by which it was done. I say it was
parliamentary tactics and conference committees.
Other gentlemen think differently. The great facts
are before us; the modus operandi we will not
dispute about. _ _
Mr. Chairman, whisky is an exciting and en-
trancing question,and 1 have been led altogether
f.om the figurative speech I have on hand to the
discussion of a far more exciting and thrilling
j! topic than that of a mere bill of deficiencies. But
11 temptin0- as is the theme, I must recall the utten-
;! tion of the House, however, to the dryer topic
! which we have on hand, namely, this$105,888,386
' appropriation. We have here left a tew deficien-
cies for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 18C3,
. !! War Department alone appropriations amounting
oimmttee of conference. , 1; „h,Mlt ninetv-niiie millions, when at the begm-
Mr. COLFAX, (the Speaker.) The Seiu1^;; . f (he ses^ion, in the estimates submitted by
man w ill alio w me to correct mm as to a matter of ^Dcp!irtment through the Secretary of the
