
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety- fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding Infantry DIVISION.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I moved with my command (the First Brigade, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps) on the morning of the 1st instant to the depot of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, where the Ninth Minnesota infantry, which had been temporarily assigned, joined the brigade. The troops were embarked on the cars, the artillery and train going by road the former reaching a point near La Fayette, when we camped for the night.

On the morning of the 2nd instant, by order of Brigadier- General Sturgis, I was placed in command of all the infantry connected with the expedition, which was organized as follows: First Brigade, Colonel Alexander Wilkin, Ninth Minnesota Infantry, commanding - Seventy- second Ohio Infantry Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Eaton commanding; Ninety- fifth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback commanding; One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John F. King commanding; Ninety- THIRD Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Colonel De Witt C. Thomas commanding; Ninth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Marsh commanding; Company E, First Illinois Light Artillery, Captain John A. Fitch commanding; section Sixth Indiana Battery, Captain M. Mueller commanding. Second Brigade, Colonel George B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding- Eighty- first Illinois Infantry Volunteers; Ninth- fifth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry Volunteer; Company B, Second Illinois Light Artillery, Captain F. H. Chapman commanding. THIRD Brigade, Colonel Edward Bouton, FIFTY- ninth. S. Infantry (colored), commanding- FIFTY- fifth U. S. Infantry (colored), Major E. M. Lowe commanding; FIFTY- ninth U. S. Infantry (colored), Lieutenant Colonel Robert Cowden commanding; Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery (colored), Captain C. A. Lamberg commanding.

During the organization of the infantry DIVISION, m the large supply and ammunition train was brought up by the cavalry and turned over to me for safe conduct. The cavalry moved on the same day in the direction of Lamar, and the next morning at 3. 30 o'clock the infantry was in motion in the same direction. From this time until the morning of the 10th instant nothing of importance occurred beyond the difficulties constantly encountered in consequence of heavy rains daily, causing the streams to be much swollen ad the roads almost impassable, together with the embarrassment we labored under in procuring forage, our line of march being through a country destitute of supplies. Our progress was necessarily slow and laborious, giving the enemy ample opportunity to ascertain our force and make arrangements to meet us with superior numbers.

On the evening of the 9th we reached a point on the Ripley and Fulton road, fifteen or sixteen miles from the former place, where we camped for the night, marching on the morning of the 10th in the direction of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, expecting to strike it at or in the vicinity of Guntown. I had proceeded some five miles with the head of the column, and halted to permit the wagon train to cross the Hatchie River and close up. The road through the bottom land of this stream

