
spicuous part, and the colored regiment fought with a gallantry which commended them to the favor of their comrades in arms. I desire to bear testimony to their bravery and endurance, as well as the gallantry of Colonel Cowden and Major Lowe, commanding regiments. This checked the pursuit and ended the fighting for that evening. The whole column was then put in motion for Ripley. Upon reaching the crossing of the Hatchie the wagon train was found stuck and the road completely blockaded, so that the artillery had to be abandoned after long, continued, and laborious effort on the part of battery commanders and the men generally to get it through.
I arrived at Ripley, in company with the general commanding, about 5 a. m. on the morning of the 11th instant. I at once commenced the reorganization of my DIVISION. At 7. 30 a. m. I reported my command reorganized and in tolerably good shape, with the exception that many of the men had thrown away their arms during the reacted, and that those who had arms were short of ammunition. I was directed by General Sturgis to move out on the Salem road in rear of the First Brigade of cavalry, then in advance. Before the troops all left the town of Ripley the enemy made a furious attack upon the place, gaining possession of the road on which we were marching and cutting my command in two. In this attack the colored regiments and a part of Gage's brigade were engaged, and, until overpowered by superior numbers, fought bravely. That portion of the column cut off moved out on a road leading north from Ripley, and under the brave and successful leadership of Colonel Wilkin succeeded in reaching Memphis. The enemy followed and fought our retreating column to the vicinity of Collierville, which place we reached on the morning of the 12th instant, having marched some ninety miles withscertain at the date of this report, the following table will exhibit the casualties of the Infantry DIVISION:

Killed. Wounded and missing

Command. 	 Officers	 Men	 Officer	 Men.

 	 	 s

First Brigade	 2	 38	 10	 145

Second Brigade	 5	 34	 . . . 	 . . .

THIRD Brigade	 1	 109	 3	 131

Total	 8	 181	 13	 276

Missing. Aggregate.

Command. 	 Officers	 Men	 Officer	 Men.

 	 	 s

First Brigade	 25	 811	 37	 994

Second Brigade	 18	 407	 33	 441

THIRD Brigade	 8	 160	 12	 400

Total	 51	 1,378	 82	 1,835

In conclusion I beg to bear testimony to the courage, fidelity, and efficiency of my staff during the battle of 10th. As has always been the case they performed their whole duty. My orderlies, Francis De Freitas, of the One hundred and fourteenth [Illinois], and Nathan Cochran, of the Seventy- second [Ohio], deserve especial mention for their conspicuous gallantry and intelligent performance of every trust. I have the honor to forward herewith official reports of commanding officers of brigades, to which you are respectfully referred for a more particular notice of those officers worthy of mention.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. McMILLEN,

Colonel Ninety- fifth Ohio Infantry, Commanding DIVISION.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Aide- de- Camp, U. S. Army, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

