
ness to be of service. I directed him to send a few skirmishers in front of the log-house into the ravine, and to form the remainder of his command behind the fences and log buildings near by, which was done. Soon after the enemy's shell and canister were falling thick and fast around us. The remainder of our forces had passed us and we were left alone. Turning, I observed my command moving by the flank to the rear across the creek and bottom, having, as I understood, been ordered to fall back in order to from a new line. Having proceeded about half a mile, Brigadier- General Grierson rode up and directed Lieutenant- Colonel Eaton to form his regiment behind the fences on the right of the road, in rear of open fields, and resist the advance of the enemy as long as practicable. I then rode on to overtake the balance of the brigade. At the white house, about a mile in the rear and in the road, I found the Ninety- fifth Ohio, Ninety- THIRD Indiana, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, and Ninth Minnesota. I was then directed by the colonel commanding DIVISION to form my brigade in line on the right of the road (as you go toward Ripley), and to contest the ground if possible until night set in. I was informed that the Second Brigade, Colonel Hoge commanding, and the THIRD (colored) Brigade, Colonel Bouton commanding, were on our right, and that Colonel McMillen had himself placed the Ninety- THIRD Indiana and Ninety- fifth Ohio on the left of the Second Brigade. I was instructed that when they should be obliged to retire through my line my command should remain, the brigades relieving each other as they retired. I formed the Ninth Minnesota and One hundred and fourteenth Illinois respectively on the right of the road, as you go toward Ripley, and sent out skirmishers, who soon found the enemy in front. Lieutenant- Colonel King having informed me that his ammunition was almost exhausted, I directed Lieutenant Couse, Ninth Minnesota Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant- general, to proceed to the rear to procure a supply, but finding no means of transportation he brought back one box on his horse.

The fighting at this time was severe, continuing for over half an hour and until sundown, with considerable loss, when, being informed that we had no support on right or left, and that the enemy were about to move around our flank, I ordered the command to fall back, which they did in good order, frequently facing to the rear and firing upon the enemy. We shortly after received an enfilading fire as we moved down the road, when I placed the command among the trees on one side. We soon arrived at the slope where part of the train had been abandoned and a portion being burned. Shortly after passing the creek I observed the skirmishers of the THIRD Brigade in the open fields on our left. Perceiving an officer with them, I directed him to have the men form on the right of the Ninth Minnesota in a thicket in front of which were large open fields, over which the enemy must pass. he informed me that he was who was severely wounded. The Ninth Minnesota formed, the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois being on the right, as I am informed by Lieutenant- Colonel King. The enemy soon appeared in large numbers but not in line, when a heavy fire was opened upon them form the thicket, which was kept up for about twenty minutes, and large numbers fell. They retired in confusion. This was between sundown and dark, and the enemy did not again appear in force. About 8 o'clock in the evening I halted the command in order to give them rest. At this point an officer in command of a squadron of cavalry reported to me that the camp- fires in front were built by him under orders from the general commanding, in order to deceive the enemy, and that he was

