
NEAR BENTON, May 9, 1964-9 p. m.

(Received Demopolis 10th.)

Force under McArthur still at Benton engaged in burning and plundering. Attacked him on Lexington road this evening with some success. Think I shall make him fall back to-morrow.

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General S. D. LEE.

YAZOO COUNTY, May 14, 1864.

The enemy having received 1,500 re-enforcements advanced yesterday ten miles east of Benton toward Pickens Station. I offered all the opposition my limited force permitted. Whilst engaged with his main force on the Pickens road, he sent a cavalry force to Vaughan's Station and burned the station-house and attempted the destruction of railroad bridge over Big Black, but was driven off with heavy loss by Stockdale, whom I had posted on the eastern of river to defend it. He moved his infantry force to Deasonville last evening, and has this morning burned a few inconsiderable trestles, and is now retiring toward Benton.

WIRTH ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General S. D. LEE.

BENTON, MISS., May 15, 1864.

It was Captain Yerger who, with 150 men, successfully defended the railroad bridge yesterday against two regiments of infantry. As the enemy withdrew from Deasonville last evening I sent Colonel Wood in pursuit, who actively harassed his rear nearly to Benton. With the remainder of the command I returned to the Pickens road, and moved at daylight this morning toward Benton, and found the enemy gone to Yazoo City. The entire force will probably embark to-day or to- morrow for Vicksburg. I am now moving forward Liverpool. Two pieces of Owens' battery disabled and remaining two worthless. Colonel Mabry is greatly in need of a battery of good guns.

WIRTH ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General LEE.

MAY 5, 1864. - Scout in Meade and Breckinridge Counties, Ky.

Reports of Captain Hendrick D. Baker, Thirty-fifth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. DETACH. COMPANY B, THIRTY-FIFTH Kentucky, Meadville, Ky., May 7, 1864.

GENERAL: My advance guard encountered a small squad of Captain Hinkle's recruits on Beaver Creek, between this point and Hardinsburg, on the 5th instant. Hinkle made a strong resistance, but after firing twelve shots he and his friend Cunning were wounded, Cunning making his escape, but could be traced by the blood. Hinkle died in a few hours. Hinkle was an escaped prisoner from Camp Douglas, and has been engaged for six weeks recruiting a company for the C. S.

