
a party numbering about fifteen, who ordered them to halt. Their horses, already jaded, were put to their speed. Although frequently fired upon and closely followed, no one of the party was killed or wounded. I regret to say, however, that the gallant captain and the sergeant were captured. The lieutenant and the two private arrived in safety at White's Station at 10 a. m. As the command approached the vicinity where the party referred to was attacked, the column was halted and the scouts sent in advance, who soon discovered a party of the enemy. Skirmishing continued until the whistle of the train which brought re- enforcements was heard. Hard bread was here issued to the men, while the infantry re- enforcements, and the cavalry command under Major Malone, formed line of battle in front of the train in time to meet the attack of a regiment of the enemy's cavalry. The command, numbering about 1,600 of the different brigades, arrived in Memphis on the same evening, 13th instant, in a pitiable condition. Nearly all were barefooted, their feet badly blistered and swollen, and in some cases poisoned. mast of them had eaten nothing for three days and all had suffered for want of food.

Colonel Thomas, commanding the Ninety- THIRD Indiana; Lieutenant- Colonel King, commanding One hundred and fourteenth Illinois; Lieutenant- Colonel Brumback, commanding Ninety- fifth Ohio; Lieutenant- Colonel Eaton, commanding Seventy- second Ohio; Lieutenant- Colonel Marsh, commanding Ninth Minnesota; Captain Fitch, commanding Light Battery E, [First Illinois,] and Captain Mueller, commanding section of Sixth Indiana Battery, deserve special mention for the judicious and gallant manner in which they handled their respective commands. I am much indebted to Lieutenant- Colonels King, Brumback, and Eaton, and Lieutenant- Colonel Floyd, of the One hundred and twentieth Illinois, and other officers, for information in regard to the roads over which we passed in the retreat.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of each member of my staff. The duties imposed upon them were onerous in the extreme, owing to their limited number. Lieutenant Couse, adjutant of the Ninth Minnesota, acting assistant adjutant- general, although under fire for the first time, conducted himself with all the coolness of a veteran. Lieutenant Hosmer, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, inspector of the brigade, rendered me great service as an aide. His gallant conduct deserves great praise. I am also greatly indebted to Lieutenant Bailey, of the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who volunteered his services as a aide early in the action, and remained with men, rendering valuable service, until obliged to rejoin his regiment. Acting Brigade Surgeon R. H. Bingham, and acting brigade quartermaster, Lieutenant Mourer, of One hundred an fourteenth Illinois Infantry, performed with credit their respective duties.

I transmit herewith the reports of the regimental and battery commanders, with the list of casualties accompanying the same. I would here remark that I had no opportunity of seeing the Ninety- fifth Ohio while engaged with the enemy. Its severe loss attests its gallant conduct and great exposure.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALEX. WILKIN,

Colonel Ninth Minnesota Infty. Vols., late Commanding First Brigadier, &amp;c.

Lieutenant O. H. ABEL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Infantry DIVISION, U. S. Forces, &c.

