
without a command, except a few stragglers whom I told to make the best of their way to the railroad and follow that down to La Fayette. After this there was nothing of importance occurred until our arrival at Collierville, where we were relieved by re- enforcements. The enemy followed us until 4 o'clock Sunday morning, firing into us at every opportunity.

I have in camp about the number of men that I brought off the battle- field proper.

My killed, as far as I am able to ascertain, are 3 officers and 21 enlisted men; and wounded, 3 officers and 58 enlisted men; officers missing, 8; enlisted men missing, 165.

I would beg leave to mention in connection with my report that Colonel W. L. McMillen, in command of the infantry force, was always present in time of need to encourage my men and give me the assistance necessary, and to his most efficient staff, Captain Fernald, Lieutenant and Adjutant Abel, Lieutenant Barber, and others, I shall always remain under obligations for their valuable assistance. I would also beg leave to mention in connection with my report Captain McGrayel, Captain Elliott, and Captain Swift, who rendered me most efficient service after the death of my lieutenant- colonel and adjutant in changing my lines and keeping the men in lines during the engagements and the retreat. I am also under obligations to Doctors Ford and Sackett, of my regiment, for services rendered upon the battle- field and after in caring for the wounded, &amp;c. Lieutenant and Acting Quartermaster Quail also has my kindest regards for his efficient services as forage master for regiment and brigade. In fact, the officers and men behaved nobly, as they have always ben in the habit of doing heretofore.

Yours, respectfully,

D. C. THOMAS,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety- THIRD Regiment Indiana Vols.

Colonel ALEXANDER WILKIN,

Commanding First Brigade U. S. Forces in the Field.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah F. Marsh, Ninth Minnesota Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Memphis, June 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my command at the time it joined the expediting under Brigadier- General Sturgis on the 1st instant, consisted of 30 commissioned officers and 635 enlisted men. We arrived on the battle- field at Guntown on the 10th instant, and went into action about 2 p. m., and left the field in good order about 7 p. m., bringing up the rear. The following are the casualties as far as known; Enlisted men killed, 7; enlisted men missing, 272. Of the 272 missing 20 are known to be wounded. Officers missing, 8 many of whom are believed to have been either killed or disabled. I succeeded in bringing back to this place of my command 22 officers and 356 enlisted men, including 7 enlisted [men] wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MARSH,

Lieutenant- Colonel Ninth Minnesota Volunteers, Commanding

[Lieutenant O. H. ABEL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.]

8 R R- VOL XXXIX, PT I

