
of Colonel McMillen's staff, ordered me to keep well closed up on the cavalry, which was the last order I received that day from any of my superior officers. About eight miles from Ripley the enemy fired into the center of the regiment from the left- hand side of the road, which caused a slight delay of the left companies, thereby forming quite a gap between the fourth and fifth companies. The cavalry in advance began to march at such a rapid pace that it became utterly impossible for infantry to keep closed up with them, but the organization of my regiment was still kept up, keeping as close to the cavalry in front as possible. After marching about two miles farther the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, which was acting as rear guard to the whole command, suddenly made a rush to the front, riding through the ranks of my regiment, causing the men to scatter in all directions to avoid being ridden over. At the same time the enemy made an attack on the rear. My men, being wholly out of ammunition, and seeing that it was absolutely necessary to rid themselves of all incumbrances in order to avoid being captured, broke their guns and destroyed their accouterments by cutting them in pieces. They then pressed rapidly forward, with the intent of keeping up with the cavalry and saving themselves, if possible; but the majority of them, being overcome by the excessive heat of the day and the long and rapid march, were compelled to leave the road and to seek safety in the woods. however, 143, men of my command kept pace with the cavalry and arrived at Collierville about 8 o'clock the following morning, having marched a distance of nearly ninety miles in forty- eight hours. After resting part of the day at Collierville these men became so stiffened as to require assistance to enable them to walk. Some of them, too foot- sore to stand upon their feet, crawled upon their hands and knees to the cars.

When I left Ripley in the morning my command had 320 guns and averaged about eight rounds of ammunition to a man. Eleven officers and 255 enlisted men have not yet returned to Memphis. They are, most of them, undoubtedly prisoners of war in the hands of the enemy. Of the officers and men under my command I have just reason for feeling proud. Not an officer nor a men did I see who failed to do his whole duty, and none of them surely are responsible for any part of the disaster.

C. G. EATON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy- second Regiment Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant O. H. ABEL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback, Ninety- fifth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY- FIFTH REGIMENT Ohio INFTY. VOLS.,Camp near Memphis, Tenn., June 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the action at Brice's Cross- Roads, near Guntown, Miss, June 10, 1864, and in the retreat thence to Memphis, Tenn.:

On that day the brigade to which the regiment was attached was led by my regiment, the brigade being the second in the column of infantry on the march. The day was very hot, and my men were moved to the field part of t time on double- quick, so that they went into action

