
very much on the retreat. All the severely wounded were left behind on the field or on the road, because it was impossible to bring them through.

J. BRUMBACK,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant O. H. ABEL, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel George B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., June 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, under my command, in the late expedition into Northern Mississippi, which was conducted by Brigadier- General Sturgis:

In accordance with Special Orders,, Numbers 38, paragraph 19, headquarters District of WEST Tennessee, dated May 31, 1864, I reported my command at 2 p. m. of the next day at the depot of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, prepared for embarkation. Having reported at the appointed time and place with my command, two additional regiments of infantry and one battery of light artillery were assigned to men, and the Second Brigade consisted then and throughout the expedition of the Eighty- first, Ninety- fifth, One hundred and eighth, One hundred and thirteenth, and One hundred an twentieth Regiments of Illinois Infantry, and Company B, Second Regiment Illinois Artillery, commanded by Captain F. H. Chapman.

At 6. 30 p. m. of Wednesday, 1st instant, the entire command had embarked on rail cars, and the train immediately moved away from the depot, and at 9 p. m. arrived at a point about half way between Collierville and La Fayette, Tenn., where the command disembarked an bivouacked for the night, near the railroad track, in the woods.

Reveille was sounded at 4. 30 o'clock on the ensuing morning, Thursday, the 2d, and the brigade marched at 6 o'clock, by land, toward La Fayette, where, about 11 a. m., the First and THIRD Brigades were found encamped. I passed on beyond La Fayette one mile and went into camp.

On the following morning, Friday, the 3d, the entire column of infantry was in motion at 3. 30 a. m., the Second Brigade having position in the center. Arrived at night at Lamar, Miss., a small station on the MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad, and halted on a high and commanding position near the same. About 11 a. m. a heavy and continuous rain set in, which only ceased late in the morning of Saturday, the 4th. The command resumed the march at 11 a. m., the Second Brigade in front, and marching toward Salem. The day was fine, the roads improving, and the troops in good spirits. At 5 p. m. the column arrived at Robinson's plantation (about half way to Salem), and bivouacked in fine location near the same.

Sunday, the 5th the march was resumed toward Salem at 6 a. m., and continued until noon, when the command halted for the day about a mile beyond Salem. The weather was clear and fine, but very warm. About 4 a. m. of Monday, the 6th, the column was again in motion, the Second Brigade in the rear, and the One hundred and thirteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry in charge of the DIVISION supply and ammunition train. When about ten miles from Salem, the train was fired

