
Army. I have also captured two others, G. A. Hardesty and J. H. Kennady, whom I forward to Louisville this morning. Forage is so very scarce in this vicinity that I am compelled to send Sergeant Parris and twenty-five of my men, via Elizabethtown, with orders to report to Lieutenant Hayslip at Cave City. I will not be in for four or five days, as I am of the opinion I can capture the remainder of Hinkle's recruits.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

P. S. -Sergeant Kincade, of my company, was slightly wounded in leg and hip.

H. D. B.

Brigadier General H. EWING,

Commanding Second DIVISION, District of Kentucky.
HDQRS. COMPANY B, THIRTY-FIFTH Kentucky VOLS., Cave City, Ky., May 13, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with Special Orders, No. 14, from your headquarters, I have the honor to report the success of my scouting expedition in the counties north of Green River.

On the 4th [5th] instant the advance guard of small squad of my company came in collision with two guerrillas at Jacob Neff's house, near Sinking Creek bridge, Breckinridge County, Ky., killing Captain J. B. Hinkle, and wounding Cunning, the latter making his escape. Sergt. A. P. Kincade, of my company, received a flesh wound in the right leg and hip. I also captured two guerrillas the same days at Big Spring, Ky., viz, Hardesty and J. H. Kennady. Lieutenant Hardesty and Kennady had stopped to rest at William Turpin's, half a mile from Neff's, on the road leading from Hardinsburg to Big Spring, and after hearing the firing between my scout and Hinkle, came to Big Spring, with the intention of making their escape. My opinion is that Neff and Turpin were harboring them. I also chased the guerrillas Birch, Reed, and Crutcher from Garnettsville to WEST Point, where they crossed Salt River and went in the direction of Louisville. The aforesaid Reed Birch, and Crutcher are notorious horse-thieves, and Birch was arrested a few weeks ago by the civil authority for stealing horses, and placed under guard at WEST Point, where Charles Brown, WEST Point, where Charles Brown, WEST Carleton, and William Robinson (who are notorious rebels), who reside at that place, went with pistols in hand and demanded the guard to release Birch; the guard being overpowered was compelled to submit. The loyal men of that country have had many horses, pistols, guns, &amp;c., taken from them by those guerrillas, and some of them entirely robbed of money, &c. There are fifteen or twenty guerrillas still lurking through the counties of Meade and Breckinridge, and it is very clear that the rebel sympathizers are harboring them and keeping them concealed.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. D. BAKER,

Captain Company B, Thirty-fifth Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding Second Div., Dist. of Kentucky, Munfordville, Ky.

