
wounded and dead. I had dispatched Adjt. J. J. Fitzgerrell for ammunition, but he had not returned. It was while in this position, the men completely exhausted, out of ammunition, the enemy on the right, and a heavy enfilading fire on the left, that I ordered the regiment to fall back. This we did until we came in line with the artillery, some 300 yards in rear of our first position, where, becoming exhausted from overheat and previous ill health, I turned over my command to Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Rogers, Eighty- first Illinois Volunteers.

F. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Eighty- first Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM WARNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, DIVISION, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew W. Rogers, Eighty- first Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY- FIRST REGIMENT Illinois VOLUNTEERS,Saint Charles, Ark., August 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you, in compliance with your request, a report of the part taken by the Eighty- first Regiment Illinois Infantry at Guntown, Miss., June 10, 1864:

A CONTINUATION OF REPORT OF Colonel F. CAMPBELL.

On taking command, by the request of my superior officer, Colonel F. Campbell, by direction of Colonel McMillen our DIVISION commander, I formed a line of [battle], throwing the line right and left of Waterhouse's battery, then in position. My command, long out of ammunition, I ordered to fix bayonets, and thus held the enemy in check for some time until my brave an energetic adjutant, James J. Fitzgerrell, succeeded in forcing an ammunition wagon from the rear of the train to within an available distance of the front. Ammunition was immediately distributed, and the fight soon became hotly contested. Here, in connection with the artillery, we maintained our position for more than two ours, a regular stand up fight, men and officers trying to vie with each other in the discharge of their duty, the enemy making charge after charge I front, only to be driven back by volleys of grape, canister, and musketry. It was here that acting major, Captain James P. Cowens, A Company, was severely wounded and obliged to retire. His gallantry and bravery cannot be too highly commended. Thus stood the brave boys of my command, with a noble band oft eh Ninety- fifth Illinois on my left, fighting back the enemy from our battery, which was managed with the most consummate skill and manned with desperate courage, until the line on my left gave way ad allowed the enemy to come in my rear; nor did the contest end until we were almost surrounded. Seeing that I should soon be cut off, and there being no superior officer near from whom to receive orders, I directed my command to fall back. We filed off slowly by the left flank, thus giving the battery men time to bring off most of their guns, which they did in the most gallant style. Thus ended the contest at the white house. My command fighting until almost surrounded, the enemy within twenty steps of our guns, we were the last to leave the field that day. I marched my men off

