
In a few days I shall be able to give more accurate and detailed report of casualties.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. BOUTON,

Colonel FIFTY- ninth U. S. Infantry (Colored), Commanding Brigade.

[Captain C. W. DUSTAN,

Assistant Adjutant- General, District of Memphis.]

Numbers 14. Report of Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry DIVISION.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 1st of June I concentrated my command at La Fayette Statim, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and on the afternoon of the 2nd I moved, in obedience to instructions from Brigadier- General Sturgis, in a southeasterly direction through Early Grove, Lamar, and Salem. From this point I detached a force of 400 men under Colonel Joseph Karge, of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, to proceed by a quick movement, via Ripley, to Rienzi, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, with instructions to destroy that toad and any stores that might be on it, and communicate with me on the Danville and Ruckersville road. With my main force I moved at the same time from Salem to Ruckersville, where I halted about twenty- four hours to await the arrival of the infantry and wagon train. From this point I sent patrols east to the Hatchie River and beyond to obtain all possible information an to endeavor to communicate with Colonel Karge. Receiving notice that the enemy had left Corinth and passed south, I communicated with the general commanding, who was at the intersection of the Salem and Ruckersville and Saulsbury and Ripley roads, who decided to move south toward Ripley. Accordingly, on the afternoon of the 7th of June I moved southward to Ripley. At this point my advance met a small party of the enemy, who were driven through town and out on the New Albany road. They fell back about three miles to their reserve, which consisted of a brigade, strongly posted. I immediately pushed forward a portion of my Second Brigade (Colonel Winslow's) and the Seventh Indiana Cavalry, of the First Brigade. The skirmishing was quite brisk for nearly two hours. We succeeded in driving the enemy until night came on, when they moved off in a southerly direction, and I fell back to a good position and encamped. Our loss was 1 killed and 3 wounded; that of the enemy 6 killed and about 15 wounded, most of whom were left on the field. The next morning, hearing that Colonel Karge was in a hazardous situation on the east side of the Hatchie River, by order of the general commanding I sent 500 men and two howitzers of the First Brigade to re- enforce him. They had not proceeded far before they met him, safely returning. About noon on the 8th I sent the First Brigade (Colonel Waring's) back to the forks of the New Albany and Ellistown roads, near Ripley, there to await the arrival of Colonel Karge, and with the Second Brigade I moved on a by road across to the Ripley and Fulton road, striking it about five miles from Ripley. The next morning I detached my sick men and worn- out horses and sent them back in company with the sick of the infantry and empty wagons.

