
For full and explicit details of the movements of the several parts of my command I refer to reports of the brigade commanders, herewith inclosed. In consequence of the heavy rains which prevailed for nine days the slow movements of the train greatly retarded our progress. On account of the exceeding lack of forage the animals became much exhausted, ad about one- half of them are rendered temporarily unserviceable.

Since the reports of the brigade commanders were made a number of the missing have returned, and the entire loss in my DIVISION will fall short of 300 men.

In the early part of the engagement of the 10th the loss of the enemy was exceedingly heavy. Numerous assaults were repulsed, throwing his lines into confusion.

During the expediting the officers and soldiers of my command nobly performed their duty, evincing remarkable courage and perseverance, and I am much indebted to Colonels Waring an Winslow and the officers of my personal staff, Captain S. L. Woodward, assistant adjutant- general, and l Lieutenant A. W. McClure, aide- de- camp, for their valuable aid and support. Colonel Joseph Karge, of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, is also deserving of especial praise for the gallant manner in which he conducted the expedition to Rienzi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier- General.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 16, 1864.

Officers and Soldiers of the Cavalry DIVISION:

Your general congratulates you upon your noble conduct during the late expedition under Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis. Fighting against overwhelming numbers, under most adverse circumstances, your prompt obedience to orders and unflinching courage, commanding the admiration of all, made even defeat almost a victory. For hours, on foot, you repulsed the charges of the enemy's infantry, and again in the saddle you met his cavalry and turned his assaults into confusion. Your heroic perseverance saved hundreds your fellow soldiers from capture and inhuman treatment from a barbarous foe. You have been faithful to your honorable reputations, and have fully justified the confidence, and merited the high esteem, of your commander.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier General, Commanding Cavalry DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 15. Reports of Colonel George E. Waring, Jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,White's Statim, Tenn., June 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, Second New Jersey Cavalry, and Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of

