
the brigade under my command, left this camp on the 1st day of June, in pursuance of an order from the headquarters of the Cavalry DIVISION, to join an expedition under Brigadier- General Sturgis. The Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was detailed as escort to Brigadier- General Sturgis, and on the march a detachment of the Ninth and THIRD Illinois Cavalry, numbering 200 men, was assigned temporarily to my command, as was a section of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery. Four mountain howitzers accompanied the Fourth Missouri Cavalry. My force for the expedition amounted t about 1,450 mounted men and six pieces of artillery. The command reached La Fayette Station the first day; distance marched, twenty- three miles. June 2, marched at 5 p. m. and went to a point three miles this side of Moscow; distance marched, nine miles. June 3, marched at 7. 30 a. m. and proceeded through Early Grove and Lamar to a stream one mile beyond Salem, on the Ruckersville road, where we encamped. June 4, remained in camp waiting for the remainder of the expedition to come up. June 5, marched at 4 p. m. and went to Dunbar's Mills, on the Ruckersville road; distance marched, thirteen miles. June 7, marched at 2 p. m. and went two miles south of Ripley on the New Albany road; distance marched, thirteen miles. June 8, marched back on the road to the edge of Ripley; distance marched, tow miles. June 9, marched at 10 a. m. and went to Stubbs' farm, on the Fulton road; distance marched, fourteen miles. June 10, marched at 5 a. m. and went to Brice's Cross- Roads; fought a battle an returned to Ripley, arriving there at daylight on the 11th; distance marched, thirty- three miles. June 11, left Ripley at 7 a. m. and retreated via Davis' Mills to the State Line road, three miles WEST of Moscow, reaching there at 2. 30 a. m. on the 12th; distance marched, thirty- seven miles. June 12, continued the retreat to Collierville, and thence to White's Station, where we arrived at 2 a. m. on the 13th; distance marched, thirty- two miles. Total distance of the expedition, 206 miles.

INCIDENTS OF THE EXPEDITING.

On the 4th instant Colonel Joseph Karge, of the Second New Jersey Cavalry, was detached with a force of 200 men from my command and 200 men of the Second Brigade, and sent on a reconnaissance toward Rienzi. As he had not been heard from on the morning of the 8th, Lieutenant- Colonel von Helmrich, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, in command of 500 men of my brigade, was sent to his relief. They both rejoined us that evening. On the afternoon of the 7th the Second Brigade was engaged by a small force of he enemy on the New Albany road, and the Seventh Indiana Cavalry, of my brigade, was sent to re- enforce them. Night coming on the engagement was closed without serious results, and this regiment returned to camp. On the morning of the 10th my brigade had the advance on the march from Stubbs' farm toward Tupelo. At 9 a. m., when we were abut six miles out, my advance guard struck a small picket oft he enemy, who fled and tore up a bridge in our front. This was soon repaired, and we proceeded cautiously. Two miles farther on we found a strong position in our front, on which the enemy had laid down the fences, and apparently prepared for a battle, but for a mile farther on our march we saw nothing of them.

