
train. The enemy however pressed so closely and our own troops coming from the battle- field were so broken that this line did but little good, and was soon compelled to retreat. On passing the train I saw that, owing to the bad condition of the roads and the disorder of the troops passing it, it would be impossible to save it or the artillery, which was behind it. To retain the organization of my own command I withdrew it beyond the train and formed it in a field. I here received an order from General Sturgis to go to the front of the retreating column and to force a passage through enemy, who were attempting to cut us off. On arriving at the head of the column I found that the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry had driven back a small force which was attempting to cut off our retreat, and which was said now to be in the woods in front of us. I placed the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, with drawn sabers and revolvers, in front, and ordered them to cut their way through at a trot. They went through without serious opposition and made way for the rest of the command.

On the retreat during the next two days the Ninth and THIRD Illinois, the Fourth Missouri, and the Second New Jersey were successively detached to cover the rear, which they did satisfactorily and without serious loss, except on the night of the 11th, when the Second New Jersey lost from 50 to 60 men and several officers, who missed the road and were cut off. The two guns and caissons of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery, which had been assigned to my command, were lost on the field after I had been ordered to withdraw, leaving them with the infantry. The entire howitzer battery of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry was brought safely to camp, a fact which is extremely creditable to Lieutenant Graessle, who commanded it.

The loss of men in my command was as follows:

Command. 	 Killed. 	 Wounded	 Missing. 	 Total

4th Missouri Cavalry 	 3	 7	 8	 18

2nd New Jersey Cavalry	 6	 9	 65	 80

7th Indiana Cavalry 	 9	 16	 18	 43

19th Pennsylvania	 1	 1	 27	 29

Cavalry

9th Illinois Cavalry 	 3	 18	 16	 37

3rd Illinois Cavalry	 3

Total	 22	 51	 134	 207

Of this number 16 were commissioned officers, of whom 1 was killed, 6 were wounded, and 9 are missing.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

WHITE'S STATION, June 21, 1864.

Number of men returned from missing, 7. Officers killed, wounded, and missing: Lieutenant Colonel G. von Helmrich, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, wounded and prisoner; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Browne, Captain Joel H. Elliott, and Lieutenant James Sloan, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, wounded; Lieutenant T. R. Murray, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, wounded; Captain Charles C. Reily, Second New Jersey Cavalry, killed; Second

