
Lieutenant Stever C. Schwartz, Lieutenant Adrian S. Appleget, Lieutenant Lewis Rainear, Lieutenant L. Henry Smith, Lieutenant Julius von Rudolphi, Lieutenant Sigismund von Braida, and Asst. Surg. John L. Krauter, all of Second New Jersey Cavalry, missing.

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 16. Report of lieut. Colonel Thomas M. Browne, Seventh Indiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp at White['s Station, June 16, 1864.

I herewith respectfully submit the following report of the Seventh Indiana Volunteer Cavalry as to the part taken by it in the late expedition of General Sturgis to Brice's Cross- Roads, Miss., and the engagement that ensued at that place:

The regiment, 350 strong, in command of Major S. E. W. Simonson, joined the expedition at this camp on the morning of the 1st instant. It proceeded without serious interruption to Salem, Miss., at which place I overtook the command on the afternoon of the 4th instant. Nothing occurred of particular interest beyond the usual incidents of scouting and foraging until our arrival at Ripley on the evening o the 7th instant, at which place the advance of General Sturgis was fired upon by a small party of rebels, but they, being charged, field precipitately through the town and some two miles to the south of it, where, securing an advantageous position on the crest of a hill, which could only be approached by passing over a narrow causeway, they made a stand and for a short time obstinately contested a farther advance. A portion of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry having engaged them in a spirited skirmish of an hour's duration, and having failed to drive the enemy, this regiment was forwarded from the rear of the Cavalry DIVISION to the front. We moved forward at once, but met the dismounted horses of the Iowa regiment on the bridge coming to the rear, which fact delayed for a few moments our advance. Arriving on the ground we were ordered to take a position on the left of the road and to move from thence forward and carry the hill. The ground upon the left was of such a character, from washes and ditches, that it was impossible to maneuver the regiment mounted. The regiment was at once formed in line, the men dismounted and moved forward to the hill, occupying it, the enemy retiring at our approach without firing upon us. It was now dark; I sent General Grierson information of the situation of affairs, and by his order retired.

On the 8th instant we proceeded, with the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, to Ruckersville to the relief of Colonel Karge. Meeting the colonel with his command a short distance beyond that place we returned, rejoining our forces we camped for the night.

On the 10th instant, at Brice's Cross- Roads, Captains Branham and Shoemaker were sent forward by Colonel Wring's order, with FIFTY men, on the Tupelo road to ascertain, if possible, the whereabouts of the enemy. While they were absent the enemy was discovered in force an in

