
enemy in check and prevent his passing our left flank to our rear. In this position the command was constantly skirmishing for about an hour, when it was ordered "to horse," under a heavy fire. From this position it marched about one mile to the rear and again formed, by General Grierson's order, on the left. It remained in this position until the infantry came up, when it was ordered to fall back. It then took up the march in the rear of the brigade and arrived at Ripley at daylight the next morning. Halting there a short time to rest, it was placed in the advance and moved for Memphis. With the residue of our forces it marched all that day and night, the rear being constantly harassed by the enemy, and arrived safely at Collierville on the morning of the 12th instant.

I can not speak in terms of too high commendation of the conduct of the officers and men of this command in this engagement. To name some, when all did their duty so well, would be unjust.

Of the line officers Captain J. H. Elliott, of Company M, and First Lieutenant James Sloan, of Company E, were seriously wounded while gallantly engaging the enemy. I regret deeply that we were unable to bring Captain Elliott back to camp, but hope that he may yet be brought safely to the command.

Our loss is as follows: Killed, 8; wounded, 16; miss of whom I have heretofore forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. BROWNE,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. VEZIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, June 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following account of operations of my command during the late expedition under Brigadier- General Sturgis:

This brigade went out on the 1st of June instant with 1,489 officers and men, distributed as follows, viz: THIRD Iowa Cavalry, 535; Fourth Iowa Cavalry, 706; Tenth Missouri Cavalry, 146, and Seventh Illinois Cavalry, 102. Two 6-pounder rifled guns were attached to the Tenth Missouri, besides which Captain Lee, with two guns of the Seventh Wisconsin Battery, reported to me at Collierville. The command guarded the supply train and artillery as far as La Fayette Statim, thirty- three miles from this city, arriving at 9 a. m. on the 2nd instant, having bivouacked at Collierville the previous night. In company with the First Brigade we moved by easy marches to Salem, where the Seventh Illinois and 100 men of the Tenth Missouri were directed to report to Colonel Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, for a reconnaissance toward Corinth. These detachments rejoined the command three days thereafter just beyond Ripley, having made very severe marches with little rest or feed.

At Ripley, on the evening of the 7th instant, the advance, one company of the THIRD and two companies of the Fourth Iowa, had a slight

