
MAY 9, 1864. -Skirmish near Pound Gap, Ky.

Report of Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.

LOUISA, KY., May 9, 1864.

Major Wise, Eleventh Michigan, left this morning with three squadrons for the vicinity of Pound Gap. Scouts just came in; had a skirmish with one of Morgan's scouts; captures 6 horses, his telegraph operator and instruments, and 1 private; killed 2. One hundred and twenty-five veterans Fourteenth Kentucky Volunteers desire furloughs; can they be given; if so, who gives them?

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 9-13, 1864. -Expedition from Louisa to Rockhouse Creek, Ky.

Report of Major Charles E. Smith, Eleventh Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Louisiana, Ky., May 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that in accordance with instructions from Colonel Gallup, brigade commander, I proceeded with my command of two squadrons Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, Companies A and F, and one company Thirty-ninth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, Company B, from this point, on Monday, 9th instant to Piketon, via Paintsville, Middle Creek, Forks of Beaver, and head of Mud Creek, arriving at Piketon evening of 11th instant. Finding that I could procure forage, and hearing that there was a small force of rebels near head of Beaver, I moved to Pound Gap, passing inside of rebel breast-works in gap. Finding that a rebel force was on Rockhouse Creek, and numbering some forty-five men, I moved to that place, marching from sunrise until 1 a. m. ; resting two hours, and pushing on again at 4 a. m., charged into the enemy's camp about 11 a. m. of 13th instant. We ran them some three miles, capturing 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 5 horses with equipments, and killing 1 horse. Our horses were now so used up that I was unable to follow them any farther, and immediately started to return to this place, marching by Beaver Creek, Prestonburg, and Paintsville. There was no enemy at the gap nearer than four miles, where a small picket is placed to prevent refugees from leaving Virginia, but as my orders did not allow met to pass through the gap did not molest them. On my return I learned that Colonel Chenoweth was one mile and a half beyond Whitesburg, with about seventy-five men, but my horses were unable to move farther in that direction, and I also learned that there was no forage to be procured on that route. These two forces of seventy-five and forty- five men are all the enemy's forces I could learn of being in these mountains. I could learn nothing of any Federal troops moving in this direction. I cannot too highly praise the conduct of both officers and men on what was a very disagreeable and somewhat hazardous march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHARLES E. SMITH,

Major Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

