
pany I, under Captain Stanton, was the most exposed of my squadrons. The Fourth Iowa Cavalry was also engaged at this time. On the left of this brigade the enemy was driven back three different times, and several of his officers were killed while urging their man forward; two are known to have fallen on the field. Occasional firing occurred also on the right wing of my command, and they were also subjected at this time to a severe shelling from the rebel batteries. The bombs exploded among my men, but fortunately inflicted no permanent injury, although several men were temporarily disabled from the dirt and rubbish thrown upon them. My chef trumpeter's horse was here shot from under him, and I lost his services for the e rest of the expedition. The First Brigade was at this time retired from their position and this necessitated a similar movement by my squadrons on the left, who at once, however, formed another line with the Fourth Iowa Cavalry. At this juncture my whole command was relieved by regiment s of infantry, and were retiring when the infantry became engaged. We formed a new line immediately in their rear rather than in appearance leave them in an emergency. After the order being received for us to retire to our horses, this regiment did so in the best order, mounting by command in line lasted but a short time after this, and the enemy was hotly pressing his victory. The infantry was filing past us in great numbers, the train was turned to the rear, and it became necessary for us to take a second position, mounted, to protect the retreating column. A column of squadrons was again formed facing the enemy, who failed to attack with small arms, but finally opened upon this regiment a heavy cannonade of round shot and shell. These fell around my men, wounding a number, but causing not the least disorder. By order we moved farther to the rear, something near half a mile, and again formed in squadrons faced to the enemyd the artillery only. Our own artillery was being retired and did not protect us, and after holding our position for some time we were ordered to retire, which we did in the best order, not an officer or soldier being out o his place. Night soon closed in and we rested at Stubbs' plantation for the first time. The greatest difficulty was found in recrossing the bayou, or swamp, in our rear, and in it were caught most of the artillery and trains of the army. Arriving at Stubbs' plantation, on our camping- ground of the night previous, we rested from about 11 p. m. to 2 a. m., when we again moved toward Ripley, holding the rear. After daylight two squadrons were sent by me to the rear a mile, and a line formed by battalion to support them, when the few infantry who had not already past us were brought up and sent forward, Just after this the enemy began to assail us with great determination, and it was only by the greatest energy and courage my squadrons, Companies L, M, and A united, under Captain Brown, and Company B, under Captain De Huff, were able to hold the bridge leading to Ripley. They did so, however, until relieved by the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, who now took the rear. In this defense Company L had 1 man wounded, Company A 1 man wounded, and Company B 3 horses shot. My regiment now accompanied General Grierson to Ripley, by his personal orders. Arriving at Ripley, the distance of about a mile, I found the infantry filling the streets of the town, some moving one way and some another, and at once was notified that the enemy was about to attack on the left and to prepare for him. I formed in a column of squadrons, faced to the rear immediately, and at the same time was ordered to support the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, then in action.

