
horses, and the regiment mounted and formed in close column, squadron front, waiting orders. I soon saw our men coming in full retreat, the enemy close in their rear. The enemy had captured two pieces of artillery, which had been sent forward, and turned them on us, and I was now in range of their fire, and entirely cut off from the ford above the bridge by the retreating teams, which had for some cause continued to move toward the front. The brigade was blockaded with broken down teams, and the steep banks of the creek in my immediate rear rendered it impossible to cross with horses. I ordered the men to dismount and rush for a little eminence in our front, an never have I seen a military command executed as quickly; every man saw the situation and acted accordingly. We held the entire force of the enemy from this point for more than thirty minutes. The bridge was cleared and every horse crossed over the creek, while we kept up a continual fire on the enemy, keeping them back till all our infantry that was in sight had crossed the creek and we were nearly surrounded. The regiment then retreated across the creek and mounted the horses. Everything now seemed in confusion. I formed the regiment in close column. The THIRD and Fourth Iowa Cavalry were all the troops I saw intact. The other troops were rushing past in confusion. I soon received orders from Colonel Winslow, commanding our brigade, to pass the retreating column as fast as possible until I reached its head, and then stop every man. I did not succeed in passing all the troops until we arrived at Stubbs' plantation, where I formed my men and commenced halting the troops. I soon received orders to let them all pass. The THIRD and Fourth Cavalry remained at this place until about 3 a. m. June 11, when most of the troops had passed. The artillery and wagons had mostly been abandoned some miles back in a bad swamp. Soon after moving out the enemy came up, and we had a hard fight all the wrear often. At Ripley the enemy came in on different roads and made a great effort to break our rear by repeated charges. The regiment was all engaged in Ripley. I formed a line across the town and fell back slowly and in good order, although we were pressed hard at some points. When we came to the timber on the north side of the town six companies took the road leading north. We came in on this road when we were advancing. The other six companies followed the command which took the road leading WEST from town. Soon after leaving Ripley the enemy succeeded in breaking through some companies of the THIRD and Fourth by a charge on the flank through the timber, but were soon checked by Companies D and G of the Fourth, commanded by Captain Abraham and Lieutenant Keck. had not the enemy been checked at this point we must have lost the most of our command. Our rear companies rushed past the column in great confusion, followed by the enemy, who were yelling like demons. When I saw the rear give way I pushed forward until I found a place where I could form two companies, but it was with the greatest difficulty that the line could be held against our own troops, which were rushing past in such disorder. The enemy came on with colors flying, and but few yards in rear of our men. The two companies men them with a volley, their colors went down, men and horses were piled upon each other, the road was blockaded; never did I see men and officers stand a charge more gallantly than did these two companies. Two of their number fell dead, but the lesson taught the enemy was a good one, for they were very careful how the again charged our rear. The day was very hot. The soldiers had eaten

10 R R- VOL XXXIX, PT I

