
learned where it was and sent his train for it. A heavy rain occurred that day, rendering the movement of the forage difficult. I deemed it very important to secure this forage, and upon account of the delay caused by the rain, and the two wagon trains, and my subsequent effort to have the forage returned, I deemed it improper to move my infantry from that point until the next morning. Colonel Waring's train was loaded with forage, but could not take it all, and the balance was started back to Memphis by the conductor of the train before the arrival of the quartermaster's wagons. Finding then that the quartermaster's wagons were at the railroad I had one of my staff telegraph to the chief quartermaster at Memphis, informing him of this misunderstanding in regard to the forage, and requesting him to send the train back at once with four days' forage for us. The quartermaster in Memphis was not in his office and could not get the communication until night, and all this time my wagons were waiting for it, and I was compelled to withdraw them without the forage in order to march in the morning.

Question. In what order did your command move!

Answer. As I was an entire stranger to the troops and the organizations, I thought they could be governed and handled better by dividing them into tow DIVISIONS, whose commanders had served with them and were familiar with their organizations; so that I placed General Grierson in command of all the cavalry, and Colonel McMillen, of the Ninety- fifth Ohio, the senior colonel, in command of all the infantry, making it a DIVISION. The order in which the infantry, artillery, and train marched was this: The First Brigade, with its artillery, in the advance, commanded by Colonel Wilkin, or the Ninth Minnesota; the Second Brigade, with its artillery, next, commanded by Colonel Hoge, of the One hundred an thirteenth Illinois, and next the supply train, guarded by the THIRD Brigade, commanded by Colonel Bouton, of the FIFTY- ninth U. S. Colored Troops. The disposition of the troops for the protection of the train was this: One regiment in the advance, on about the center and one at the rear. As we marched farther into the enemy's country I changed it a little by adding a section of artillery to the rear to the train, and scattering two companies through the train. Each brigade was furnished with about thirty mounted men to be used at headquarters as orderlies, scouts, &amp;c. The usual order of march of the cavalry was alternating by brigades and carrying their artillery and trains with them.

Question. How far did you march on the first day and what were its incidents!

Answer. General Grierson reported to me on the 1st day of the month that the roads were so heavy that it was impossible to make over five or six miles that day, and I directed him then to make Salem the next day if possible, or as near to it as he could, and the infantry would march to Lamar and as much farther as it could. The infantry reached Lamar in the midst of very heavy rain, just before night, and the wagon train was unable to arrive nearer than four miles to Lamar, so I directed Colonel Bouton to encamp his train compactly when he could no longer march from the darkness, and be very vigilant in guarding it. The distance from the point of departure at the railroad is, as near as I can remember, to Lamar eighteen miles and to Salem seven miles farther. The cavalry encamped abut three miles beyond Lamar.

Question. What was the distance marched and what were the incidents of the THIRD day!

Answer. On the next day it took the train to reach Lamar until 2 o'clock in the afternoon, so that when the train arrived the animals, which had marched until dark and from 4 o'clock in the morning until this day, required rest. It was also necessary to issue rations after the arrival of the train, which took about three hours. As no distance could be made without ruining the train and bringing it again into camp without forage that night, I left the command under Colonel McMillen, with orders to march at 3. 30 the next morning. The first brigade which drew its rations (Colonel Hoge's), marched on the day (the THIRD) to within three miles of Salem. I left Colonel McMillen, then in command of the mean time having marched four miles beyond Salem on the Ruckersville road. On resuming the march on the morning of the THIRD day our forage was exhausted.

Question. Were you able to secure any forage on that day!

Answer. No, sir; none whatever. Our foraging parties were fired on in every direction- in sight of camp and at houses we could see from camp plainly; they were captured as many as 7 at one house. I know of no forage that was brought in at

