
MAY 10, 1864. -Affair with guerrillas at Winchester, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Henry K. McConnell, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIRST Regiment Ohio VET. VOL. INFTY., Elk River, Tenn., May 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the guerrillas at Winchester yesterday morning were those of Hays and Davis, and were from thirty to forty in number. Captain McConnell drove them from ten to fifteen be moving in this direction his probable route will be by Lexington, Pulaski, and Fayetteville, a distance of more than 100 miles. We are keeping a vigilant lookout in that direction. We lack 20,000 rounds of ammunition of the quantity required to be kept on hand. I received intelligence yesterday of 300 bushels of corn being brought from below to be manufactured into whisky. I can secure the corn by going not more than ten miles. There can be nothing permanently in the way of mapping until we can secure instruments for that purpose. Mr. Gilham, who lives near this post, will be of great use to us employed in secret service. Can he be so employed? There is also a colored man at Winchester who is regularly reporting here, and will also be of service.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,H. K. McCONNELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 12, 1864. -Skirmish at Jackson's Ferry (Hallowell's Landing), Ala.

Report of Captain William A. Naylor, Tenth Indiana Battery.

ON BOARD U. S. GUN-BOAT A, Bridgeport, May 14, 1864.

SIR: The following report of trip No. 2 of the U. S. gun-boat is respectfully submitted:

May 11, got under way at 5 a. m. ; ran down the river; wooded at Price's, twelve miles below, on south bank of river; passed Rowan's Landing at 12 m. ; stopped at Piney (or Seven-Mile) Island, on the north side, near the head, and reconnoitered the island, it having been reported that a band of guerrillas had been there. We found a lot of horses two of which were marked U. S. ; ran down to the foot of the island and landed on the south side; made Gunter's Landing about 5 p. m., fired two shells, and landed a detachment of sharpshooters, who discovered a body of cavalry, about 200, stationed at Guntersville; threw three or four shells. Scouts called in at 6 p. m. ; they brought off a citizen named T. F. Capehart, who is kept under guard. Moved down to Johnston's, receiving two or three shots from sharpshooters stationed on the south bank of the river, and anchored for the night.

May 12, got under way this morning at 4; ran down to Whitesburg, arriving about 7 a. m. Colonel Jackson, commanding post, reported about 2,000 rebel troops at Gadsden; crossed the river and wooded at the rebel works; sent out scouts, who discovered about FIFTY of the enemy a mile from the river; fired a few shells, when they left; ran up and landed a detachment of sharpshooters about a mile below Hallowell's wood-yard, or Jackson's Ferry, then proceeded to the ferry and

