
Question. Were there any forces sent out to drive away those guerrilla parties!

Answer. Yes, sir. I sent twenty mounted men, under good and intelligent officers, to where an escaped soldier had reported the capture o his friends. Then I sent out a larger force toward the Holly Springs road, so as to drive away the guerrillas, whom I presumed might interfere with the teamsters who might forging in that direction, as the train was camped four miles back in that vicinity when last heard from.

Question. Were any guerrillas captured or killed on that day!

Answer. No, sir; this whole 7 were taken by three men, and when they had arms in their hands. Two of them were artillerymen and five were cavalrymen. The cavalrymen were mounted and their horses also were captured.

Question. State the distance marched and what transpired on the fourth day.

Answer. The infantry column moved four miles beyond Salem to Mrs. Leake's, which was a march of eleven miles for the two rear brigades and the wagon train. The cavalry were ordered t move to the vicinity of Ruckersville, but its exact camp I cannot now locate. I think the cavalry went about ten miles an the infantry about eleven miles.

Question. Did you secure any forage on that day!

Answer. Yes, sir; a little. But little forage was secured because there was but little in the country.

Question. Were your foraging parties fired on that day!

Answer. They were not.

Question. What else occurred on the fourth day!

Answer. On the afternoon of the 4th I sent Colonel Karge, of Second New Jersey Cavalry in command of 400 select cavalry on a reconnaissance to Corinth. He was directed to march so as to arrive within four or five miles of Ripley before night; there to feed and to rest and at night march rapidly through Ripley, and then east to Rienzi, on the railroad, and if possible to arrive there before daylight and surprise whatever party might be there; then, after destroying all public property of the enemy that might be there and the trestle- work of the railroad, to proceed north, and, in case the Tuscumbia River was not fordable and there was may considerable force from Danville to Corinth, and hold it; but if the river was fordable and the enemy at Coring then to let the bridge alone and go down the Tuscumbia and hold the best ford on the road leading from Kossuth to Corinth. If he required re- enforcements, or got pushed strongly, to communicate with General Grierson, who would be in the vicinity of Ruckersville, and who was directed to send out strong pickets on the roads leading east and southeast in order to make sure the keeping up communication with Colonel Karge.

Question. How far did you march on the fifth day!

Answer. The cavalry encamped in the vicinity of Ruckersville and the infantry encamped at the Widow Childers' Cross- Roads, five or six miles in the rear of the cavalry.

Question. Did you secure any forage on that day!

Answer. We did not; there was none in the country.

Question. Were your annoyed by guerrillas on that day!

Answer. I think not.

Question. What was the length of march on the sixth day!

Answer. We marched to Ripley, both the infantry and cavalry. As we were leaving camp that morning on the Ruckersville road, when I reached about a mile on the road, I met a messenger from General Grierson, informing me that there was no enemy at Corinth; that they had evacuated on the previous Friday and gone south, about 3,000 men, I think, and that there was no doubt of it. The general set forth that the country was, if possible, more destitute than the one we had been traveling over, and suggested to me to change my course south, stating that he would go a few

