
Question. Were you annoyed by guerrillas on that day?

Answer. I think not.

Question. Do you know of any occasion during the march when forage which could have been secured was not secured?

Answer. I know of no occasion. There was no forage left on that road that I know of. We even went so far as to take from families what they had brought up from Tupelo for their own use.

Question. Do you know of any occasion where the forage or fields of inhabitants were guarded by soldiers; and, if so, by whose order?

Answer. No forage or fields were guarded that I know of, and if it was done at all it was done without my knowledge or authority. The only place where forage was guarded I guarded it myself while waiting for the column to come up. I stopped at the house of a woman who was sick abed and suffering great pain, and I sent for my doctor to look at and prescribe for her. She told me that my men had taken all of her hay, and were then at the crib just finishing the corn which she had brought from Tupelo for her own children to eat. I told her I was sorry it was necessary to take corn on the road, but that our animals were starving, yet I would try to save her enough corn to keep her from starving. So I go a sack from her and had it filled with probably a bushel of ears of corn, had it hid under her bed, and left with her a paper to protect it in case it should be found.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet again at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 30, 1864.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, the members of the Board and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding meeting were read and approved.

Examination of Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS continued.

General Sturgis, in correction of his testimony of yesterday, states as follows:

Having come before the Board without having previously examined my diary which I kept, I had gotten the dates a little wrong in my mind, which I desire to correct. Instead of leaving Memphis, as I said, on the 1st day of June, and marching from near La Fayette on the morning of the 2nd day of June, I received my orders of May 31 on the 1st of June, and left Memphis on the morning of the 2nd of June, and marched from near La Fayette on the morning of the 3rd of June. My closing testimony of yesterday, therefore, refers to the 8th day of the mouth instead of the 7th. I was asked whether or not I obtained any forage on the day we passed through Salem when camped at Mrs. Leake's. I answered that I thought not. On reference to my diary and on reflection I remember to have received some forage on that day. General Grierson informed me upon my arrival at Mrs. Leake's that he had seventy-five bushels of corn guarded. I immediately sent a detail and wagons to collect it, and the officer reported to me that he found twenty bushels and no more. Again, as to my reasons for not explaining to General Washburn my change of direction from Mrs. Childers' Cross-Roads, I said that it would take from three to five days to communicate with General Washburn, even if I sent my telegraphic operator back to the lines. On reflection I find I had no telegraphic operator, as I had sent him with Colonel Karge on his reconnaissance to Corinth for the purpose of intercepting any communications that might be passing from the enemy, and afterward destroying the lines, so that to have communicated with General Washburn would have been a matter of several days more than I have already expressed.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. Were the orders which you gave brigading and arranging your troops in writing or verbal?

Answer. They were in writing. I now submit a copy of the same.

(Marked Exhibit D.)

Question. Were your orders directing the expedition of Colonel Karge to Corinth in writing? If so, please furnish a copy.

Answer. They were. A copy is herewith submitted.

