
(Marked Exhibit E.)

Question. How far did you march on the ninth day of the march?

Answer. We marched to Stubbs' farm; the distance I cannot state exactly. I think the march was short for these reasons: That on the morning of the 9th, wishing to get rid of as many wagons, sick soldiers, and disabled horses as possible, and to issue five days' rations to the command, we left camp a little late, sending back to Memphis 400 sick, 41 wagons, and a large number of worn-out horses.

Question. Were you attacked on that day?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you secure forage on that day?

Answer. I think there were a few bushels of corn secured at Stubbs' house, but I don't remember how much. That is all I know of, and it was principally used by the cavalry.

Question. What time did you commence your march on the 10th day of the month?

Answer. At Stubbs' the cavalry and infantry encamped together. On the morning of the 10th the cavalry moved at 5. 30 o'clock, and, allowing an hour and a half for the cavalry to clear the camp so that the infantry might be close on its rear, the infantry moved at 7. I myself habitually marched at the head of the infantry column. When I had arrived at a point about five miles out, I reached a very bad place in the road, which it required much time and considerable labor to make passable for the wagons on account of the very heavy rain of the night before. I halted here in order to let the pioneer corps overtake me and look myself to the repairing of the road. While here I received a message from General Grierson to the effect that his advance was engaged with a party of the enemy on the Baldwyn road at Brice's Cross-Roads, some four miles in the advance of where I was. I paid but little attention to this as I was expecting to meet the enemy's cavalry at every moment. In a short time I received another message from him, stating that the enemy was about 600 strong, and that he (General Grierson) occupied a good position and a very important one, being at the cross-roads. By this time Colonel McMillen, commanding the infantry, arrived a little in advance of his column, and I pointed out to him the necessity of working this bad place in the road rapidly, and then started toward the cross-roads myself. On receiving the message from General Grierson in regard to the strength of the enemy being 600, I directed him to leave 600 or 700 cavalry on the Guntown road near the cross-roads, to precede the infantry on its arrival on the way to Guntown, and with the balance of his force to drive the enemy toward Baldwyn and rejoin the main column at Guntown by way of the line of the railroad, as I didn't propose to allow the enemy to draw me from my main line of march. I then started toward Brice's Cross-Roads, as I said before. When I had got 200 or 300 yards on the road, it struck me that the enemy might be stronger than General Grierson had conceived, and I sent back an aide-de- camp to Colonel McMillen, directing him to send forward the advance brigade of infantry to Brice's Cross-Roads as rapidly as possible without distressing his men. I had gone but a short distance when I received another message from General Grierson, stating that the enemy was in considerable force, and that he had nearly all his command engaged. This information I communicated to Colonel McMillen, and requested to lose no time in getting up. I arrived at Brice's Cross-Roads myself about 12 o'clock. Previously to reaching the cross-roads, at a little bridge about 400 yards from there, as near as I can remember, I met an aide-de-camp of General Grierson's, who requested me in the name of the general to throw a regiment of infantry out to the left, pointing in the direction he wished them to take. I told him that I couldn't tell yet exactly where the infantry should go till I could see the field, but that int he mean time he (the aide-de-camp) could remain there till the infantry came up, which would take some time, and I would go and reconnoiter the ground myself. At the cross-roads I found General Grierson, his line of battle formed in the dense woods a few hundred yards in advance of the cross-roads, on the Baldwyn and Guntown roads, and a section of battery of artillery at the cross- roads belonging to his DIVISION, but not in position. There seemed to be considerable confusion about the cross-roads with the artillery and ambulances and led horses jammed in the road, and my first attention was directed to clearing the road, so that the infantry could get up. The musketry firing in our front was pretty heavy, but no artillery had opened on either side, which led me to believe that probably the force in front of us was nothing but the enemy's cavalry, as I had no information to lead me to believe otherwise. Colonel Waring's brigade occupied the left or Baldwyn road and Colonel Winslow's brigade the straight forward or Guntown road. General Grierson now came to me and urged me to get the

