
driven back I ordered it into an open field near the cavalry, there to be turned around and carried farther to the rear. The cavalry that I had sent to the right of the main line soon gave way, and I sent a portion of the Seventy-second Ohio, all that could be spared, and the last regiment I had in hand, to replace them. They met the cavalry coming away, and as near as I could learn make but little stand--all coming away together overpowered. The scattered manner in which this cavalry came down seemed to cause a kind of panic to the other cavalry and caused all to move to the rear. I now attempted to get hold of the colored brigade, which was with the wagons. The first regiment I met was commanded by a lieutenant- colonel or major whom I did not know personally. I directed him to form his regiment in line in a little piece of timber close by, for by this time the enemy's shells were coming into that timber as if fired from our left, and the whole right of my main line appeared to be giving away. Lieutenant-Colonel Hess, of my escort, placed this colored regiment in position in the woods. I left it and endeavored to get hold of the other regiments that were scattered through the train, but before I could do so the troops from all directions came crowding in like an avalanche from the battle- field, and I lost all possible control over them. My control over this moving mass ceased at this time. McMillen was still fighting int he center in advance of the cross-roads, and was calling for re-enforcements, and as I had none to send him and the open ground in rear of the line was covered with fleeing troops, falling back from the right and left of the line, leaving McMillen fighting in the center, my only hope was to get him away by forming a new line to protect his retreat. I sent an aide to inform him that I would endeavor to form a line to protect his retreat in case he was driven back, but that I had no re-enforcements to give him, and that he must do the best he could under the circumstances. This was about 5 p. m.

The Board adjourned at 5. 30 p. m. to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 1, 1864--3 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, the members of the Board and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding meeting were read and approved.

Brigadier-General Sturgis, by his aide-de-camp, Lieutenant E. Calkins, reported himself sick, and requested to be excused from giving further testimony, and to be allowed to file a copy of his report in lieu thereof. This request was disallowed by the Board, and General Sturgis notified, through his aide-de-camp, to attend for further examination at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

The Board then adjourned at 4 p. m. to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 2, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

The members of the Board and the recorder present.

The proceedings of yesterday's session were read and approved.

The examination of Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS continued.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. On assuming command did you announce your staff in orders, and who composed it?

Answer. I did, sir. It was composed of Captain W. C. Rawolle, additional aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. S. Belden, Second Iowa Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant E. Calkins, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant S. Oakford, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, aide-de- camp.

Question. Were you furnished with a roster of your brigade and regimental officers?

Answer. No, sir; I was not.

