
Question. Did you require and did you receive daily reports from your regimental and brigade commanders of the condition of the command?

Answer. No, sir; I did not. I made my headquarters habitually with Colonel McMillen, who commanded the infantry, and much of the detail of the campaign was transacted verbally; and if I had it wouldn't have been practicable to get them, and I didn't want them.

Question. How many wagons composed the train, how was the train made up, and under whose charge was it?

Answer. The supply train was composed of 181 wagons, and some of the regiments were furnished with two wagons to a regiment and others with none. Those of the regiments who arrived just previous to the departure of the expedition left without wagons, as the brigade commander, Colonel Wilkin, reported to me, and I formed an estimate of the number of wagons along the road at about 250. There may have been a few more or less. To get rid of as many of them as possible, I distributed five days' rations, one day's march beyond Ripley, and sent back forty-one wagons. Lieutenant Shattuck, acting quartermaster, had charge of the supply train. He was a very well- meaning man, I presume, but not a man of much force of character, and on that account, and because he complained of not being very strong, I allowed him to return to Memphis with the forty-one wagons, and I directed Lieutenant Stratton, commissary of subsistence, to take charge of the train in his stead. Lieutenant Stratton was a stranger to me, though I thought him a man of some executive ability from what I had seen of him on the former trip, but I don't think I made much improvement by the exchange. During the retreat I placed the whole wagon train in charge of Captain Buckland, of Colonel McMillen's staff, telling him that I hardly hoped to save the train, but if I could he was the only man that I knew of that could do it.

Question. Were foraging parties sent out by your order, or by subordinate commanders?

Answer. They may have been sent out by subordinate commanders independently of my orders, but I ordered that it should be done.

Question. Were they accompanied by cavalry?

Answer. They consisted entirely of cavalry and of mounted men not cavalry.

Question. While on the march was your column protected by flankers of mounted men?

Answer. No, sir; except by foraging parties on the march down; they were deemed sufficient protection. On the retreat flankers on the flanks of the column.

Question. When and where did Colonel Karge rejoin your command?

Answer. He rejoined on the 8th of June, at Ripley, a brigade which I had left at Ripley until he should come up.

Question. What was Grierson's effective force at the commencement of the engagement?

Answer. About 3,000 men.

Question. On arriving at the scene of the engagement did you consider the line chosen by General Grierson the best that could have been selected?

Answer. I did not consider that General Grierson had the privilege of selecting any position, as we were going to meet the enemy, and this was where we found him. There was nothing left but to attack him wherever he should show himself, for if we stopped our animals would starve, and this I had told to my brigade commanders two nights before. a Part from the fact that the enemy occupied the position, it was in my opinion the best position at it was at the cross-roads which we must pass or retreat, and I deemed it easier to hold the cross-roads than to take them from the enemy.

Question. Was the ground on which you found General Grierson engaged clear or wooded, even or rough country?

