
Question. On what day of the month did you personally arrive at Memphis?

Answer. I think on the night of the 13th.

By Brigadier-General BUCKLAND:

Question. Did you organize a pioneer corps, or was there one connected with your expedition?

Answer. One was organized by Colonel McMillen, at my request, from the Ninth Minnesota, where I learned there was a company of artisans especially suitable for that duty.

Question. Did you know before you reached Collierville, on the retreat, that a portion of the infantry column had left Ripley by a different road from that which you took?

Answer. I did not; but on leaving Ripley I requested Colonel McMillen to leave a staff officer, which he did, to intercept Colonel Wilkin in case he should arrive, as we did not know what had become of him, and direct him on the road the column had taken. He did not see Colonel Wilkin, and until he (Wilkin) arrived at White's Station we were at a loss to know what had become of him.

Question. When the infantry went into the engagement did they form on the same line that had just been occupied by the cavalry?

Answer. Colonel McMillen was directed to relieve the cavalry, and the exact part of the woods that the cavalry occupied at that time, whether on the farther edge of the timber or farther this way, I cannot tell.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. Was the force of which you were placed in command, in your opinion, efficiently organized, with proper proportions of different arms of the service, also with respect to arms, ammunition, supplies, and transportation?

Answer. I think so, with the exception of the forage, and with that, probably, the best was done that could have been done.

Question. In your opinion was there anything in the manner of the organization of the expedition calculated to impair its chances of success?

Answer. The command was made up of old troops and newly arrived troops and detachments, all of which went to make up 8,000 in numbers, but which, from the very manner in which it was made up, was not therefore really equal to anything like 8,000 men.

Question. What is your estimate of the force of the enemylery?

Answer. From the opinions of my principal officers and from information received from ladies of intelligence (rebel ladies) on our return I think the enemy had about 20,000 men.

Question. General, at the time you were first advised that General Grierson was engaged by the enemy what was the nature of the ground on which the head of the infantry column stood?

Answer. It was a level farm, with woods and open fields; no peculiarities about it at all that I can remember.

Question. Was there any obstacle at that point to the safe formation of a line of battle?

Answer. No, sir; nothing.

Question. In the circumstances in which your army was then placed did you consider it safer to attack the enemy in his own position than to await his attack in a position chosen by yourself?

Answer. That is what I thought at that time. When I received information from General Grierson of the skirmish I had no idea that we had anything in front but

