
set ashore another detachment, and reconnoitered half a mile back of the landing, and waited for the detachment landed below to arrive. At this time the rebels, number unknown, concealed among the rocks and bushes, opened a cross-fire on our party, wounding 3 men, 1 of whom died soon after being brought on board the boat. As the fire was from three directions, it was impossible to see or know the force of the enemy. The riflemen fell back to the boat; backing out into the stream, we shelled the landing; crossed to the opposite side, wooded, returned to the landing, and set ashore a detachment of men for the purpose of burning the buildings. They found 17 horses and mules, which were killed, it not being possible to bring them off. The rebels opened fire on them, when we shelled them out, and our party, under cover of the fire from the boat, burned all the buildings; two of them contained loose cotton. In landing to take the men aboard the enemy attempted to flank us and cut the burning party off from the boat, but were repulsed by another detachment which we landed and two discharges of canister. A party of contrabands came and begged to be taken off. The party consisted of five men, six women, and eighteen children. After taking them aboard we proceed up the river, making Gunter's Landing about sunset. Landed and took on wood on north side of the river; were fired into by riflemen in the works at the landing. We threw a few shell into the works, when they left. The inclosed order* was picked up at Hallowell's wood-yard and is respectfully forwarded.

May 13, ran up the river until 1 a. m., when the for became so heavy could proceed no farther, and anchored about twenty-five miles below Bridgeport. Got under way an hour after sunrise, the fog having cleared up; stopped to wood about two miles below Cool Creek; passed pontoon-boat at mouth of Cool Creek; arrived at Bridgeport at 1 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NAYLOR,

Captain Tenth Indiana Battery, Commanding Boat.

Colonel KRZYZANOWSKI,

Commanding Post, Bridgeport.

MAY 15, 1864. -Skirmish at center Star, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General Walter Q. Gresham, U. S. Army. +

ATHENS, ALA., May 17, 1864.

I sent Colonel Rowett, which his own regiment, Seventh Illinois, and Ninth Ohio Cavalry, to Florence, and he report to me that he met the enemy, under Colonel Johnson, at center Star, fourteen miles this side of Florence, and whipped him and drove him across Tennessee River, capturing 35 prisoners. He says Colonel Johnson has some 1,200 men and three pieces of artillery. No further particulars. Rowett is in Florence.

W. Q. GRESHAM,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville.

---------------

*Not found.

+See also Vol. XXXVIII, Part IV, pp. 230,245.

---------------

