
Absent, Brigadier-General Brayman, relieved by the following order, which was received and read:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 70. Memphis, Tenn., July 2, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General Brayman, U. S. Volunteers, having been ordered by Major-General McPherson to report to Major-General Slocum, at Vicksburg, for duty, is hereby relieved from duty as president of military Board of Investigation. The quartermaster's department will furnish General Brayman transportation to Vicksburg, with his staff officers, servants, horses, and baggage.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The Board not being full, an adjournment was had till 2 p. m. to- morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 5, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier-General Buckland, Colonel Kappner, and the recorder.

The minutes of the two preceding sessions were read and approved. Colonel G. B. HOGE duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment, and the position you occupied in the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. G. B. Hoge; colonel of the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; in the late expedition I commanded the brigade known as the Second Brigade of the Infantry DIVISION.

Question. On what day did you embark your troops on the cars at Memphis?

Answer. On the 1st of June, at 6 p. m.

Question. At what point did you disembark?

Answer. I believe at a point between Collierville and La Fayette.

Question. After you left the railroad, what orders did you receive in reference to marching, and from whom?

Answer. The first order I received, I believe, was one in reference to forming the infantry into a DIVISION, composed of three brigades. The order was one from General Sturgis. I received this order, I think, on the 2nd of June. The first marching orders I received were from Colonel McMillen. The First Brigade had the advance, and mine was next. We marched on the morning of the 3d, I think, at 4 o'clock.

Question. Did General Sturgis make any review or inspection of the troops before starting on the march?

Answer. General Sturgis did not join the command for some hours after we left the railroad on the march. After joining the command he did not inspect the troops.

Question. Where did you first see General Sturgis after leaving Memphis on this expedition?

Answer. I should judge about ten mils from the railroad. The column halted for some reason, and General Sturgis dismounted a short distance in advance of my brigade column.

11 R R--VOL XXXIX, PT I

