
Question. What delays occurred in marching up to arriving at Ripley, and what occasioned them?

Answer. There were numerous delays, which seemed unaccountable to me at the time. After investigating the matter as fully as I could I found that the train, in connection with the bad roads, was the principal cause. We, however, halted more frequently that I could see any real necessity for.

Question. What orders did you receive in relation to foraging?

Answer. Before receiving any orders for foraging I took the responsibility of sending out a regular detailed foraging party, under the charge of my brigade quartermaster, Lieutenant Finney, with a guard of forty men. I succeeded in getting about three wagon-loads of corn, which was used principally by Battery B, Second Illinois Light Artillery, of my brigade. This as at Robinson's plantation. I think this was on the 7th day of the month. I think it was on the 10th of June that I received the first order for foraging from Colonel McMillen for a detail of the commissary sergeant of each regiment and battery, with a guard, mounted, to go in advance of the column for the purpose of foraging. There was, as I understood from my quartermaster, quite a quantity of forage obtained, but the fight taking place shortly afterward I never received any benefit from it.

Question. Was any forage furnished to the battery of your brigade by the foraging parties of the cavalry?

Answer. There was none.

Question. At what time did the expedition arrive at Ripley?

Answer. The head of my column arrived there about twenty minutes before 6 o'clock on the morning of the 8th; the First Brigade of infantry having arrived the night before with the cavalry. The train kept well closed up and came into Ripley with the column.

Question. Did you attend the council of war at Ripley; and, if so, what was said and done?

Answer. I did attend. I was asked to attend by General Sturgis. General Sturgis, General Grierson, Colonel McMillen, Captain Belden, of General Sturgis' staff, and myself were present. There was no brigade commander present except myself. General Grierson seemed decidedly is favor, for various reasons, which he stated, of returning to Memphis; his main reasons being the lack of forage and the state of the roads. General Sturgis, as near as I could judge from his remarks, seemed to think very much as General Grierson, but did not express himself so in so many words. Colonel McMillen spoke very determinedly in favor of going ahead, saying that if we returned to Memphis we would be disgraced. There was some talk as to abandoning or destroying the train at Ripley. The conclusion was to advance from Ripley and not return to Memphis. I then received orders as trch my brigade from the road on which I had halted, about two miles beyond Ripley, about a mile back, so as to take the Fulton road. We marched about four miles beyond Ripley, and there bivouacked for the night. We started on the march this day at 10 o'clock and halted about 2 o'clock in the afternoon.

Question. Do you think the expedition could have reached Ripley in less time than it did; and, if so, how much?

Answer. I think we could have reached Ripley without any doubt forty-eight hours sooner than we did.

Question. Do you know why the halt was made at so early an hour on the day you left Ripley?

Answer. I can see no reason for it whatever and I heard none given.

Question. State the incidents of the march on the 9th.

Answer. On the 9th we marched at 10 o'clock, after rations had been issued and the wagons sent back with the sick. We marched on that day twelve miles and halted at about 6. 30 p. m. near Stubbs' farm, on a high ridge, and bivouacked for the night.

Question. Did you hear of the proximity of the enemy on that day?

Answer. I did, but nothing definite.

