
Question. State the incidents of the 10th day?

Answer. We marched at 10 a. m. I heard no reason given and could see none for not marching sooner. My brigade was in the advance of the infantry column. The roads were bad, but by extra exertions the artillery and trains kept closed up. At about 12 m. I halted the column, seeing that Colonel McMillen, with his escort, had halted but a short distance in advance. About 1 o'clock one of my staff officers, Lieutenant Rogers, who had been a short distance in the advance of the column, came to me and stated that he heard cannonading in the front. Shortly afterward I received an order from Colonel McMillen to move immediately, as General Grierson had met the enemy in considerable force, and was then fighting. After the column had been in motion about ten minutes one of Colonel McMillen's staff officers came back to me with the following order: That he would move, with his escort, at a gait he thought the infantry could keep up with, but if I found it was too much for them, and that they could not stand it, to send him word. I marched at this gait (which was a very quick march) till I had an officer of my staff report to me that five men of the advance regiment had fallen down and were apparently sunstruck. I immediately sent Captain Woodruff, of my staff, to Colonel McMillen, sayible for the men to march at that gait. After sending Captain Woodruff I moderated the gait of the column until I came to a small stream, where I halted for five minutes. I then moved forward at a moderate gait. Shortly afterward I received a peremptory order from Colonel McMillen to move forward as rapidly as possible; that the enemy were gaining ground. I then increased the gait to a very quick march till within about three-quarters of a mile of the cross-roads. I then received an order from Colonel McMillen in person to move forward at a double-quick, which was done and kept up until the head of the column arrived at the cross-roads. I then had a position for the advance regiment assigned to it, in which position I saw it placed. The battery, which followed the advance regiment, I halted as they came to the cross-roads. When the second regiment came up I placed that also in position, according to orders. The battery I then put in position, one section on the right and the other on the left of the cross-roads. The other regiments of my brigade I put into position as they came up, according to orders received direct from Colonel McMillen. The left of my line rested on the Baldwyn road, my regiments being in the following order from left to right: One hundred and thirteenth, One hundred and twentieth, One hundred and eighth, Ninety-fifth, and Eighty-first Illinois. The right of the line extended to within about sixty yards of the Guntown road, this intervening space being occupied by a force of dismounted cavalry belonging to Colonel Winslow's brigade. As each regiment was placed in position I gave it orders to deploy skirmishers forward and to feel of the enemy. They formed as nearly as possible a continuous skirmish line. This was about a quarter to 3 o'clock.

Question. When you formed your line did you relieve the cavalry or form a line behind them?

Answer. I relieved them to some extent on my right. I saw no cavalry on the left of my line.

Question. Describe the ground on which your line was formed and the ground in front of it, so far as you could see it.

Answer. The ground on which the line was formed was covered with very thick timber, with quite a heavy undergrowth. On advancing personally to the line of skirmishers on the left of the line, which was about FIFTY yards in advance of the line of battle, I could see still farther in advance, about 200 yards as I should judge, what appeared to be an opening, or at least a less dense growth of timber. I at this time saw two columns of the enemy's infantry moving along my left and toward my rear. I at once went back to the cross-roads and ordered one section of the battery to commence throwing 5-second shells in the direction in which I had seen the enemy moving. I then found that General Sturgis, whom I was trying to find, had gone to the rear. I saw his adjutant- general, Captain Rawolle, and stated to him what I had seen of the enemy's movements. I also told him that, in my opinion, the firing on the right of the line, which was then going on, was merely a feint, and that the main object of the enemy, I thought, would be to turn our left flank and get into the rear. Captain Rawolle went back to see General Sturgis, and he (General S.) sent back word to me to see Colonel McMillen about the matter. Shortly afterward I saw Colonel McMillen and stated the same to him. He seemed to disagree with me as to the fighting on the right of the line being a feint. Shortly after this the skirmishers were driven back and my whole line became engaged with the enemy. I should judge this was about 5 o'clock. At this time the movement on the left flank commenced, when I ordered the battery to cut their shells to three seconds. The enemy could not be seen from the battery, which was posted on open ground, but

