
very near the timber; neither could our own troops be seen from the battery. The enemy could not be seen at a greater distance than twenty yards from our line or our skirmishers, owing to the dense growth of timber and underbrush. My line held their position until the left flank was turned, when the regiment on the extreme left of the line (One hundred and thirteenth Illinois) lost quite a number of prisoners. The entire line then gradually fell back to the cross-roads, where I formed another line of battle, which they held for about twenty minutes. At this time I felt confident that if we attempted to hold this second line any longer that we would be completely cut off, as the enemy at that time were in our rear in considerable numbers. I then gave the order to fall back, which was done for about half a mile, where I formed the THIRD line. This line was held but a very short time, principally on account of the lack of ammunition. At this time the entire train, as far as I could see, was jammed up; the drivers and others taking the mules off and leaving the wagons and everything in them. I saw but one wagon that there was any attempt made to destroy, and of that the cover was the only part that was burning. This THIRD line was about a quarter of a mile in advance of a creek, and a portion of the train was on the side of the creek nearest the cross-roads.

Question. After informing Colonel McMillen of the movement you had observed toward our left did you receive any further orders from him or from General Sturgis?

Answer. I received no orders after that time until just before I formed the THIRD line of battle of my brigade, when Colonel McMillen showed me the position he wished me to take, with instructions to hold it as long as possible. I received no further orders after that until the next morning, when I arrived at Ripley, which was about 6 a. m.

Question. At the time your first line fell back what troops were formed on your right and left?

Answer. The troops of the First Brigade (Colonel Wilkin's) were more immediately on my right and left, with some cavalry also on my right. On the left they did not closely connect, leaving a gap where the enemy entered and captured some prisoners. I could not tell how close a connection was made on my right.

Question. Do you know whether the troops on your right and left fell back before or after your line did?

Answer. Some of the troops on my right flank fell back before mine did.

Question. Was there any cavalry fighting in front of your line at the time you took position?

Answer. There was not. There may have been before that. When I formed my line of battle I posted it in some places at least twenty yards in advance of the position occupied by the cavalry.

Question. When you formed your line was there any firing on your right beyond the Guntown road?

Answer. There was none except by the enemy's sharpshooters in the trees.

The Board adjourned at 6 p. m. to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 6, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier-General Buckland, Colonel Kappner, and the recorder.

Present also, Colonel J. B. Moore, Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, who appeared and, having been duly sworn, took his seat as a member by virtue of the following order:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 72. Memphis, Tenn., July 4, 1864.

* * * * * *

X. Colonel J. B. Moore, Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, is hereby detailed as member of Board of Investigation convened under

