
Answer. This may have been the line that I referred to yesterday as being my THIRD line. It was formed this side the creek, and this side of where part of the wagon train was parked.

Question. Was Colonel McMillen or General Sturgis, either or both of them, there?

Answer. Colonel McMillen was there when I commenced to form the line according to his directions. General Sturgis I did not see.

Question. What sort of a position was that to form a line of battle?

Answer. The position I consider a good one for fighting directly in front, but a very difficult position in which to protect our flanks.

Question. Was it any worse in that respect than the position where you did form line for action?

Answer. No, sir; but at that place they had already got on our left flank in force.

Question. How far was this ridge where you formed the last line of battle from the bridge across the creek?

Answer. I should judge it was from 150 to 200 yards.

Question. What was the shape of the ground from the ridge to the creek, and was it timbered or open?

Answer. It was a gradual slope to the creek and open for some little distance on each side of the road.

Question. Was any of our artillery got into position on what you call the THIRD line of battle?

Answer. There was not. As far as my own battery was concerned, one gun and three caissons were in the hands of the enemy before this line was formed. The three other guns and caisson of the battery could not have been placed in position without endangering their capture by the enemy.

Question. Did the enemy use any artillery during the action; and, if so, at what time and place, and to what extent?

Answer. There was artillery used by the enemy. The first firing of the artillery of the enemy commenced about the time the engagement commenced. Along the line of my front, I should think, there was at least a full battery of six guns. They used shell exclusively, so far as I could see. They followed us up with artillery for at least two miles aft-roads.

Question. Did the colored troops take their turn in the advance of the column in marching out?

Answer. They did.

Question. From what you saw, what was the strength of the enemy at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. I should think the force of the enemy engaged was from 9,000 to 11,000 men, including all arms.

Question. In your opinion, was the retreat properly conducted, or as well as it might have been?

Answer. I think it could have been better managed. I received no orders after the THIRD line of battle was formed till I reached Ripley, at 6 o'clock the next morning, when I searched for and found General Sturgis and Colonel McMillen, and asked them for orders. I found them sitting under a tree near the center of the town of Ripley. At this time the infantry were coming into Ripley in a very disorganized manner, a considerable portion of them having thrown away their arms and equipments. Colonel McMillen told me to get my brigade together in some open space, which I at once did as fast as they came in, stationing myself and three staff officers in the road. I moved out, according to instructions, on the Salem road. Very shortly I was attacked on the left flank, near the head of the column,

