
by the enemy in force. The men being almost entirely out of ammunition and in a very exhausted state it was impossible to get them to hold their ground for any length of time. The retreat was covered by the cavalry all the way to La Fayette.

Question. What time did you reach La Fayette, and at what time Collierville, on the retreat? and give the distance traveled.

Answer. We reached La Fayette at about 3 o'clock, and Collierville at about 7 or 8 o'clock, on the morning of the 12th. I should judge the distance to be at least seventy miles from Ripley to La Fayette. The battle-field was twenty or twenty-two miles beyond Ripley. We marched all night of the 11th, and I think about the last ten miles coming into La Fayette was done at a trot.

Question. How many rounds of ammunition did your men have when they went into the fight?

Answer. I know that they all had forty rounds of ammunition on their persons, for I had caused an examination that morning by my ordnance officer, and had all the deficiencies made up.

Question. Do you know of any general officer or brigade or regimental commander having been intoxicated at any time after the expedition left Memphis?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Did you see any of the officers referred to in the last question drinking intoxicating liquors on the day of the fight?

Answer. I did not see on that day any of the officers above mentioned drinking any liquors whatever.

Question. What was the extent of bad road across the Hatchie bottom where the artillery and train was stuck in the mud?

Answer. About 200 feet, I should judge. The road there was very bad.

Question. What was done toward repairing this bad place in the road when you crossed it going out?

Answer. When we first reached this place it was not passable at all for trains or artillery. Colonel McMillen's pioneer corps repaired the road so that the train and the artillery could pass.

At 5 o'clock and 15 minutes the Board adjourned until 2 p. m. to- morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN. July 7, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Brigadier-General Buckland, Colonel J. B. Moore, and the recorder.

Absent, Colonel Kappner, sick, and excused from appearing by the Board.

The minutes of the preceding meeting read and approved.

Colonel D. C. Thomas duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment. How long have you been in the service, and what position did you hold on the late expedition?

Answer. De Witt C. Thomas; colonel Ninety-THIRD Indiana Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service a few days over three years; I commanded my regiment a large portion of the time on the late expedition. On the retreat from Ripley to Collierville I commanded the largest part of the First Brigade, that part which came in on the Salem road.

