
Question. In your opinion, were there any unnecessary delays on the march of the expedition from the railroad near La Fayette to Ripley?

Answer. I only recollect of one that I thought was unnecessary. This was at Lamar on the second day out from La Fayette. We staid there one whole day. This day the weather was clear all day. A portion of the train did not arrive until 7 o'clock on the morning of this day, having camped the night before some two or three miles back.

Question. After leaving Ripley, was there much difficulty in getting the trains along at any place, except Hatchie bottom?

Answer. There was one other place, about four miles beyond Ripley, where the road crossed a creek, over which the crossing was very bad, where we were delayed some three or four hours on the second day out from Ripley. This bad place was about one mile beyond our camp of the previous night and about eleven miles from the Hatchie bottom.

Question. Was anything done toward repairing this bad place before the column reached it?

Answer. There was some dirt and brush thrown in, which made the road worse than it was before. We were delayed there three or four hours until some plank were procured and the bridge recovered.

Question. How far was your camp of that night (the 9th) from the Hatchie bottom?

Answer. It was about two miles this side. We got into camp pretty late that night.

Question. What time did you march on the morning of the 10th?

Answer. We started about 6 o'clock.

Question. What was the extent of very bad road in the Hatchie bottom?

Answer. It was a quarter of a mile over the worst part of the road; seventy or eighty rods, as near as I could judge.

Question. Was this a continuous mud-hole, or was it broken?

Answer. It appeared to be a sort of a quicksand, with soft places where the mud was deeper and softer than in others. I judge of the length of this bad road from the fact that on the retreat there were two pieces of artillery, two caissons, four ambulances, and, I think, an army wagon, with their teams all stuck in this bottom, and they did not extend half way across it.

Question. Was the column delayed in crossing the Hatchie bottom?

Answer. It was not, though I learned afterward that the train had an awful time getting through there.

Question. Had anything been done toward improving this piece of road when you passed it?

Answer. There were a few brush in one place, and that is all I noticed. No one was working there then.

Question. What is the distance from the camp at Stubbs' to Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. I call it between eleven and twelve miles. Mr. Stubbs told me, as we returned, that it was thirteen miles.

Question. Where were you when you first received orders to advance and go into action?

Answer. Some two or two and a half miles this side from the cross- roads.

Question. How long had your regiment then marched without resting?

Answer. We had marched about one mile and a half--about an hour's time. We were marching slow on account of the heat.

