
By the PRESIDENT:

Question. Did you form a line on that ridge?

Answer. No, sir; we did not. We formed a line three-quarters of a mile this side of there, on the ridge to the left of the white house. I do not know by whose directions. Colonel Wilkin was the first I noticed forming there. It was formed by the First Brigade.

Question. How soon after you arrived there were you attacked by the enemy?

Answer. I don't think it was over three minutes.

Question. How much of a stand did you make there?

Answer. We staid there about half an hour. Some of my drummer boys were burning wagons and cutting loose the mules at that place. One section of Mueller's battery was in position there on the right by the white house, supported by the Seventy-second Ohio. We were fighting nearly all of the time we were there. We were again flanked by the enemy, both right and left.

Question. When you retired from that position did you do so with or without orders?

Answer. We retired without orders, and there were no commanding officers in sight to give us orders.

Question. At the time you fell back from that position where were the colored troops?

Answer. These troops were falling back at the time I saw them. Getting back at this time was a regular stampede; there appeared to be no system about it at all. Up to this time the troops had been kept in pretty good order.

Question. Was there any cavalry in line on the flanks when you were in this last position?

Answer. There were none; I could have seen them if they had been very near. Back of where our line was formed was open ground.

Question. When you were flanked by the enemy at this position did they also come up in force in the center?

Answer. They did, but not in such force as on the flanks. I think we could have held this last position if we could have been supported on the flanks.

Question. Did you make any other stand between that point and Ripley?

Answer. My regiment did not.

Question. Do you think it was possible to have got the artillery and train through the Hatchie bottom?

Answer. It would have been impossible without cutting a new road. I think a new road might have been cut. A citizen acquainted with that locality, who is now acting as a guide for Major-General Smith on his present expedition, informed me since we returned that there was another and a better road crossing the creek a few rods above where we crossed.

Question. How many rounds of ammunition did your men have when they went into the fight?

Answer. They had forty-five rounds. When I started from Memphis we had FIFTY rounds. On the morning of the 10th a citizen, General Sturgis' guide, remarked to me, in a laughing manner, that we would smell a fight before night, as the enemy were in strong force in our front. Shortly after, I asked General Sturgis if there was any enemy in our front, when he replied there was not any in front. I, however, had time that morning to have the cartridge-boxes inspected, and I ascertained from that my men had forty-five rounds.

Question. State what you learned from the people on the road in regard to the position and strength of the enemy?

