
Question. At that time were the men placed on short rations, and what measures were taken to procure a supply of meat or other provisions?

Answer. On the 7th of the month, at Ripley, the rations were reduced to one-half rations of bread and one-quarter rations of meat. The brigade commanders organized foraging parties. The foraging party of our brigade (the First) secured some eight or nine beef-cattle; among them three or four large steers. Citizens who owned the cattle made application to have them released. General Sturgis released the cattle. After that, General Sturgis issued orders that there should be no foraging. If any man was caught foraging his colonel or commanding officer should be held responsible, and would be reported to Washington for dismissal. This order was issued on the morning of the 8th.

Question. Do you know of any general officer or brigade commander having been intoxicated at any time during the expedition?

Answer. Not after we left La Fayette.

Question. Did you see any of the above-named officers drink any intoxicating liquors on the day of the battle?

Answer. I saw General Sturgis and Colonel McMillen take a drink of whisky before breakfast. I saw no other instances during the day.

Question. Did you see any of the officers above referred to intoxicated at La Fayette or before reaching there? and if so, name them.

Answer. I saw one officer whom I thought was intoxicated at the point where we disembarked from the cars. This was Colonel McMillen. He was then commanding the First Brigade, to which my regiment was attached.

Question. To what degree was he intoxicated, and was it so as to unfit him for duty?

Answer. He was so much so that to prevent exposure I got his aides- de-camp to get him to a house and place him in bed that night, and I took command of the brigade until the next morning.

Question. While Colonel McMillen was in this condition was he in a position to be observed by other officers and the men of the command?

Answer. He was, at one time. In attempting to get from the cars he fell to the ground and had to be assisted to rise.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 9, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members, together with the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

Lieutenant-Colonel KING duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment. How long have you been in the service, and what position did you occupy on the late expedition under General Sturgis?

Answer. John F. King; lieutenant-colonel One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service since September, 1862; on the late expedition I commanded my regiment.

Question. In your opinion were there any unnecessary delays on the march of the expedition?

Answer. From the information I gained from those connected with the train, I think the expedition could have reached Brice's Cross- Roads two days sooner than it did, if we had been supplied with forage.

