
Answer. First, exhaustion of the men; second, the had management of the commanding officers; THIRD, the superior number of the enemy, and I do not think our lines were properly connected in our first line of battle, which gave the enemy an opportunity to flank our regiments and break our lines.

Question. Do you know of any general officer or brigade or regimental commander having been intoxicated during the expedition?

Answer. I do not.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned till 2 p. m. 11th of July, 1864.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 11, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

All the members present; also the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

Lieutenant-Colonel EATON duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment. How long have you been in the service, and what position did you occupy on the late expedition under General Sturgis?

Answer. C. G. Eaton; lieutenant-colonel of the Seventy-second Ohio Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service since October, 1861; on the late expedition I commanded my regiment.

Question. State at what time you marched on the morning of the 10th of June, and give the incidents of that day.

Answer. We marched from Stubbs' about 7 o'clock in the morning. My regiment occupied the rear of the Second Brigade in line of march. I think it was about 1 o'clock when I received orders from Colonel McMillen to keep well closed up on the regiment in my front. We continued to march at a very rapid pace. I kept closed up as ordered for about three miles and a half before we halted. Some of the time we were on the double-quick in order to keep closed up. We halted after we had crossed the creek, and kept in the road, which turned to the right on the battle-field. My men were very much exhausted when I arrived at this point; quite a number fell down. I had rested in this position probably from five to ten minutes. I received an order from Colonel McMillen, by his aide, Lieutenant Livings, to move my regiment back to the long-house and support a section of Mueller's battery, with instructions to use my own judgment in placing my regiment to support the battery. The battery was stationed in an orchard in front of the log cabin. There was an open field in front of the battery; to the left there was an open field of half a mile. I ordered forward four companies of my regiment to the woods in front as skirmishers. The balance of the regiment was stationed in line on the left of the battery. The skirmish line commenced skirmishing with the enemy before they arrived at the fence, at the edge of the woods in front of the battery. On my left were some cavalry skirmishers engaged with the enemy. Colonel Wilkin came with me when I was ordered to this place, and remained there with me till after the troops began to retreat. I remained in this position about an hour, and I received an order from Colonel Wilkin to send one more company to the right as skirmishers. In a few minutes after, I received an order from Colonel Wilkin to move across the road to protect, he said, the flank of the cavalry that was retreating across the bridge. I did not move the skirmish line. We remained in this position, I should think, twenty or twenty-five minutes. During the time I saw Mueller's battery come away from this position. The cavalry, during this time, had crossed the bridge. My skirmish companies became very hotly engaged with the enemy about this time. The cavalry skirmishers had then withdrawn on my left. I rode on to a hill where I could look over the ground, and I found that the enemy had turned my skirmish line at right-angles almost. I moved my regiment back to very near its first position and opened on the rebels, driving them back into the woods. At this time I discovered the infantry and artillery on my right coming down through the open fields in a good deal of disorder. Colonel McMillen rode up to me and ordered me to hold that position until all the troops had crossed over the bridge. At this time a rebel battery opened on me from the right, throwing grape and canister. I re-

