
mained in this position until all the troops had crossed the bridge, except two companies of negro troops that were on my right, and they crossed the creek above the bridge with my regiment. When I left the log cabin I could see a rebel line of battle on my right and left, extending from my right to every near half a mile on my left. I marched my regiment by the flank along the road for, I should think, about half a mile. I met Colonel McMillen, and he ordered me to march along by the side of the wagon train. I did this till I arrived at a large white house, about a mile from the creek. General Grierson requested me to form my regiment on the right of the road, better to protect the train, which was about a mile from the creek, and I did so. I remained in this position nearly an hour, I should think, until all the troops and the wagons had passed out of sight. At this time it had got to be dusk. I then moved along, keeping on the right-hand side of the road, receiving no orders, and seeing no one to give me any orders. I moved from that point to a hill on the other side of the Hatchie, arriving there about midnight, at which place I halted my regiment and collected them together.

Question. Could you see our line from your position at Mueller's battery?

Answer. I could see no portion of the line, except the cavalry skirmish line on my left.

Question. Were your ordered by General Sturgis or any of his staff to go to the support of the cavalry which had been sent to the right of the main line?

Answer. I received no such orders at any period of the engagement.

Question. Judging from your own observations, what do you consider the causes of our defeat at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. I think the manner in which we were put into the fight, and the excessive fatigue of the men, and the want of confidence of the men in their commanding officers, and the superior number of the enemy.

Question. What officers do you refer to?

Answer. I refer to General Sturgis and Colonel McMillen.

QQuestion. What did this want of confidence arise from?

Answer. With Colonel McMillen, it arose from the men seeing him a beastly state of intoxication, and from reports that the men had gathered from some quarter that General Sturgis was drunk most of the time.

Question. Did you see either of them intoxicated during the expedition?

Answer. I saw Colonel McMillen when I thought he was intoxicated. It was near La Fayette, I think, on the 1st of June. I did not see General Sturgis intoxicated while on the expedition.

Question. What do you mean by "the manner in which you went into the fight?"

Answer. Going in without any preparation; without replenishing ammunition; without even halting a sufficient length of time to enable the men to load their pieces. It appeared there was a want of system in connecting the lines and finding out where any one else was.

Question. In what condition was your regiment when you formed line one mile this side of the creek?

Answer. They were in good order; not demoralized, and were all there. The men that had fallen out from the effects of the heat had rejoined.

Question. What was the condition of your regiment, as to numbers, &amp;c., when you arrived at Ripley?

Answer. At Ripley, at 7 or 8 o'clock in the morning, I had 320 odd muskets and 9 men missing, and from 8 to 20 rounds of ammunition.

Question. What orders did you receive at Ripley preparatory to retreating from that place?

