
Answer. I received an order from Colonel McMillen to put the brigade in march, saying I was the senior officer present; put it on the Salem road and follow the cavalry.

Question. What was done under that order?

Answer. I ordered to brigade to move immediately in the following order: Seventy-second Ohio, Ninety-fifth Ohio, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, Ninety-THIRD Indiana, and Ninth Minnesota. As the brigade was moving, Colonel Thomas came up and assumed command. We moved out on the Salem road.

Question. How many men did you lose from your regiment after leaving Ripley on the retreat, and what was the cause of their being lost?

Answer. We lost 234 men and 11 officers. The cause of their being lost was, I suppose, their being overcome with fatigue and heat, as they were ordered to move at a very rapid pace to keep up with the cavalry. The cavalry and infantry were mixed up on the road, and at one time a cavalry regiment was driven right through my column.

Question. What is the distance from Ripley to Collierville, and at what time did you arrive at the latter place?

Answer. I think it is about FIFTY miles. We arrived at Collierville about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 12th.

Question. Judging from your own observations, what was the strength of the enemy at the fight?

Answer. I saw at the time I left the hill to cross the creek a line of battle at least a mile long. It appeared to be a continuous line of two ranks. I judged that line to contain somewhere about 5,000 men. The ground was clear, and I could see them quite plainly. The ground was broken somewhat on my right, so that I could not see the whole line, but it appeared to be continuous. These appeared to be all infantry. I could see no other of the enemy near there. During the hottest of the engagement, in the front of the cross-roads, of which I judged by the firing, I could see on my left for half a mile a large number of the rebels, not actively engaged, but occasionally firing at the skirmishers. When they advanced on my left and turned my skirmish line, before I had withdrawn, they advanced in large force. The last line of battle which I saw, which was one mile in length, advanced in beautiful style, and with their banners flying, but I did not hear them fire a shot. They had no skirmish line out.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned till 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 12, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, the members of the Board and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

Captain Buckland duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; relate the time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. H. W. Buckland; captain, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service since October 8, 1861; on the late expedition I acted as chief quartermaster for the Infantry DIVISION, on the staff of Colonel McMillen.

Question. At what time did you assume that position?

Answer. In the morning after we arrived at La Fayette; I think on the 2nd of June.

12 R R--VOL XXIX, PT I

