
Question. Who had charge of the supply train during the expedition?

Answer. Until we arrived at the first camp beyond Ripley, Lieutenant Shattuck, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and acting assistant quartermaster, had charge of the supply train. He was assigned to that position, I believe, by General Washburn, and reported direct to General Sturgis. After leaving that camp, Lieutenant Stratton, of a cavalry regiment, and Lieutenant Dement, acting assistant quartermaster, I do not know of what regiment, both claimed to have charge of the supply train. I heard them quarreling about it during the fight. This was just this side of the Tishomingo Creek, where the train was parked. They both claimed to have been placed in charge of it by General Sturgis. On the retreat, as I came up to the white house, General Sturgis requested me to park the train there, stating that he desired me to take charge of the parking of the train, as he could get nobody to do anything with it. General Sturgis said that he would hold that position until dark and in the mean time issue rations and ammunition to the troops, after which he would burn the God-damned train with the remaining supplies. I commenced parking the train, but not over half of it had come up when I received orders from Captain Belden, one of General Sturgis' aides, to move the train on to the road; that they were not going to attempt to hold that position. I immediately started the head of the train, which soon became blocked up with artillery and ambulances; the drivers of the train, whose teams were getting blockaded, cutting them loose, mounting their mules, and riding to the front. I rode at the head of the train about a mile and a half, when I received orders from Colonel McMillen, by an orderly, to report to him at the head of the column. I obeyed that order and remained with Colonel McMillen from that time until we arrived at Stubbs'. I left no one in charge of the train. I did not consider myself in charge of the train. General Sturgis was present when I reported to Colonel McMillen. I asked Colonel McMillen what was wanted, and he said, nothing, only that General Sturgis had requested that himself and staff should ride with him at the head of the column.

Question. At the time you left the train was it moving or had it become obstructed?

Answer. Portions of it were moving; other portions had been abandoned.

Question. Had the head of the train arrived at Hatchie Swamp when you left it?

Answer. It had not arrived at the worst part of the Hatchie bottom.

Question. Do you know what infantry troops were ahead of the train at that time?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Did any of the infantry troops leave the white house before the train did?

Answer. I am not able to say whether or not any organized bodies of them did.

Question. Who had charge of the ordnance train?

Answer. Lieutenant J. W. Watterson, regimental quartermaster, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry.

Question. How much of that ordnance train crossed south of the Tishomingo Creek?

Answer. I saw none of it cross the creek.

Question. Had you anything to do with procuring forage on the march out?

Answer. I did.

Question. What efforts were made to procure forage, and with what success?

Answer. I organized brigade foraging parties, consisting of mounted men, and at times went with one or the other of them. We generally met with very poor success. On the day of the fight I had foraging parties in front of the infantry column, which I think succeeded in filling all of the wagons they took with corn and fodder. I saw, also, a wagon-master of the supply train who had three or four

