
wagon-loads of forage. Between Ripley and the cross-roads there was not a sufficient supply of forage for the animals of the expedition unless the cavalry took it before the infantry got up.

Question. Did you have charge of any part of the train on the march out?

Answer. After leaving La Fayette I had no direct charge of the train. I gave orders to the brigade quartermasters in regard to the movements of their respective trains.

Question. State as far as you know whether the train was moved as rapidly as it could have been on the march out?

Answer. In my opinion it was.

Question. Were the troops delayed in consequence of the train being behind at any time?

Answer. They were the day we left the first camp beyond Ripley. The train was sometimes delayed by the troops.

Question. What orders did you receive, and from whom, in regard to foraging?

Answer. I received orders from Colonel McMillen to organize brigade foraging parties and to have them report their forage at night to be distributed.

Question. Where was the supply train when you first heard that there was fighting in front?

Answer. The head of the column had just crossed the Hatchie Swamp, having passed it from a quarter to half a mile. The position of the supply train in the column was behind two brigades of infantry.

Question. What orders were given in regard to the train after that?

Answer. Orders were sent by Colonel McMillen to the first brigade in column to move as rapidly as possible without fatiguing the men to the front, and to the next brigade, Colonel Wilkin, to move forward as rapidly as possible without leaving the train, and to bring the train forward. When the train came up near the bridge (the bridge on the Tishomingo Creek), General Sturgis gave us orders. I reported to General Sturgis that the head of the DIVISION train was up. General Sturgis ordered it parked in the open field on the right of the road, where the whole train was parked.

Question. Did you see General Sturgis or Colonel McMillen drink any liquor on the day of the battle?

Answer. I did once, at the house where we halted when we first heard of the fight going on.

Question. Did either of them appear to be intoxicated at any time that day?

Answer. They did not.

Lieutenant G. W. MOURER duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition.

Answer. George W. Mourer; lieutenant and regimental quartermaster of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry; I have been in the service since August 27, 1862; I acted on the expedition as brigade quartermaster, also as quartermaster of my regiment, having charge of both. The brigade was the First, and commanded by Colonel Wilkin.

Question. Were you with the train all the way to Brice's Cross- Roads?

Answer. Yes, sir; as far as it went.

