
MAY 25, 1864. -Skirmish near Cripple Creek, Woodbury Pike, Tenn.

Report of Captain Isaac N. Campbell, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP 115TH Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, May 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on my return from escorting Major Rodgers, paymaster, to McMinnville, when near Cripple Creek, on Woodbury pike, I heard of some guerrillas crossing the pike and going into the cedars. I followed them and overtook the party (five men, mounted and armed with carbines and revolvers) near the house of Jesse Beshears. They were drawn in line across the lane, but after exchanging one round fled to the cedars. We killed 1 of the party, but the balance succeeded in making their escape. They appeared to be loaded with goods, and undoubtedly belonged to the band of guerrillas that have been plundering in the vicinity of Shelbyville.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. CAMPBELL,

Captain, Commanding Mounted Detach. 115th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 29, 1864. -Guerrilla depredations at Winchester, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Henry K. McConnell, Seventy-five Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS RAILROAD DEFENSES, Tullahoma, Tenn., June 2, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

SIR: I send herewith a copy of a report from Colonel McConnell. I have had no opportunity to control this lawlessness for want of sufficient cavalry force. I shall be ready in a few days. The same men are concerned in all of the depredations on the railroad. I have learned the names of some of them and several of the persons who keep up and harbor the outlaws.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD Regiment Ohio VET. VOL. INFTY., Elk River Bridge, May 30, 1864.

I have the honor to respectfully state that on last Tuesday night the guerrillas robbed Winchester of about $10,000. They knew men and houses and events only as citizen guerrillas can. No one came to notify me of the raid. I heard incidentally that the citizens were industriously circulating the report that our troops had robbed the town. I sent Captain McConnell to inquire into the matter. They gave but partial information. The squad was small; only six or eight. They have been lurking in the neighborhood ever since. They fired into the train

