
Question. State what orders you received in regard to foraging.

Answer. I never received any order in regard to foraging, but there was a general order prohibiting foraging except by an organized squad under Lieutenant Quail, acting regimental quartermaster, Ninety-THIRD Indiana.

Question. What amount of forage was procured by this squad, and of what kind?

Answer. I don't think this squad ever got any. This squad also had orders to get beef, to which they paid more attention than they did to getting forage. Captain Buckland went out on two or three occasions to get forage, and got two or three wagon-loads on each occasion.

Question. Was there any considerable supply of beef procured?

Answer. No, sir; I think not much. When we got to Ripley there were thirty or forty head of cattle procured, about one-half of which would have been fit for beef. A portion of those that were fit for beef were released by order of General Sturgis, in consequence of which my regiment got no beef that night.

Question. Did you see any forage along the road which was not taken?

Answer. No, sir; none of any account.

Question. Was the march from La Fayette to Brice's Cross-Roads made as rapidly as the train could have been moved?

Answer. That is a matter of opinion. I think the train could have been moved faster. We were still two days that we didn't march at all.

Question. What orders did you receive about moving the train after you heard of the fighting in front on the 10th?

Answer. My orders were to keep well closed up and follow closely the First Brigade (Colonel Wilkin), as that was ordered to the front, and it was desirable to delay it as little as possible.

Question. Where did you halt your train, and by whose orders?

Answer. I didn't receive any orders to halt, but the Second Brigade was ahead, and they halted about 100 yards from the Tishomingo Creek, and my train necessarily halted.

Question. What was then done with your train?

Answer. The train stopped there for some time, and I went up toward the battle-ground, and our troops were falling back. When I got back to the train it had been turned around on the road. I inquired by whose orders it was done, but no one could tell: I stopped the train. Soon after I saw a lieutenant on General Sturgis' staff, and asked him what was to be done with the train. He said the orders were to take it to the front, which I then commenced doing. I turned the train around through the field toward the creek. At the same time the ammunition train started across the creek and went forward. Before I got to the creek I met another officer of General Sturgis' staff, who directed me to park the train in the field, which I did. While we were parking the train at this place the rebels commenced throwing shell from our left and over the position occupied by Mueller's battery. I had just got my train parked when the supply train commenced moving out. Captain Buckland then came up and told me to follow the supply train. I think all of the wagons got out of that field. I got onto the road and went about half a mile. The artillery came up and went ahead of us, and forced everybody to give the road to them. My brigade train was abandoned at that point. Part of the supply train was also abandoned there, and part of it got through to the white house.

Question. Were there any of the wagons and contents destroyed?

Answer. Yes, sir; some of them were set on fire.

Question. Who had the general charge of the wagon train at that time?

Answer. I do not know. At the time the train was turned around Lieutenant Stratton and Lieutenant Dement were quarreling about it; as to who had charge of the supply train. I went up to the white house, and upon reaching it found most of the white troops in line there.

