
Question. How long did the troops remain in line at that point?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Did you see General Sturgis, General Grierson, or Colonel McMillen drink any liquor on the day of the battle?

Answer. No, sir; I did not.

Question. Did you see either of them intoxicated during the expedition?

Answer. I did not.

Question. What was the feeling among the troops as regards confidence in their commanding officers?

Answer. All that I heard express themselves did not have confidence in their commanding officers above their regimental commanders. I only heard expressions of this nature in my own brigade. Our brigade commander was an entire stranger to us.

Questions. What were the reasons for the want of confidence in other commanders besides Colonel Wilkin?

Answer. It was generally reported through our brigade that General Sturgis and Colonel McMillen had been drinking pretty hard on the trip. General Sturgis made the remark at the first camp beyond Ripley (as it was generally understood) that he did not expect to save a wagon of his train. I heard men and officers say before the battle that if General Sturgis thought that he must acknowledge himself already whipped.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned till 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 13, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

The members of the Board and the recorder present.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

Captain A. T. REEVE duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. A. T. Reeve; captain, FIFTY-fifth Infantry, U. S. Colored Troops; I have been in the service a little less than three years; upon the late expedition I acted as field officer from my regiment and second in command.

Question. What part did your regiment take in the fight on the 10th of June?

Answer. My regiment was in the advance of the brigade of colored troops, and was disposed of through the train, four men to each wagon as the train guard, there being 160 wagons in the train. Beyond Hatchie Swamp, not less than two miles this side of Tishomingo Creek, and before we reached the white house, we received an order, I think from Colonel Bouton, to leave the train, close up our men, and move them to the front as fast as possible. The two advance companies, I and B, were sent forward and put into line with the white troops, I think by General Sturgis' order, to a point just beyond the Tishomingo Creek. The remainder of the regiment was placed in line of battle on the left of the road and at right angles with it--in the edge of the timber this side--to the Tishomingo Creek bottom. When our regiment formed this line the white troops were falling back, and we were in line from five to ten minutes before we were engaged. I think this was about 4 o'clock. We were attacked directly on our front, the two companies that were in the advance falling back and forming on our line. We fought from twenty to thirty minutes and were then compelled to give away on account of a movement being made on each flank. The regi-

