
in all around us. He spoke to me two or three times before the FIFTY-ninth moved, to get my men out as fast as possible; that they must go immediately. I mounted as many of my disabled men as possible on mules. Before we got out of the town the FIFTY-ninth filed to the left and went into line facing to the east, and I formed a line on their left without orders. There were white troops formed on my left. We were immediately engaged by dismounted men. We fought probably from twenty to thirty minutes. The troops on my left gave way and I was attacked on my left flank by rebels who took possession of some houses and a large church. We retreated across an open field, or common, to the woods, forming a line just over the brow of a little hill, just before entering the brush. Finding that we had no support we fell back just as the enemy came up. At this time my regiment and the FIFTY-ninth were in line together and fell back into the timber in line. Here about 250 of these regiments were separated from the rest and surrounded by the enemy in this woods. Captain Foster and myself were with them, and I took command. We finally got out and away from them and struck for the north. We moved by the way of Saulsbury and Grand Junction, keeping in the woods all the way. From near Saulsbury to Moscow we were constantly skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry. They charged on us two or three times, but we repulsed them. At Moscow we got out of ammunition, and we scattered through the woods, every man going in for himself. From this point till we reached Germantown the loyal citizens of Tennessee turned out and hunted us with bloodhounds as we passed along. I reached Germantown on the 15th, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. A good many of my men got in about the same time. We there found some of our cavalry. We passed a rebel camp in the vicinity of Collierville, which was said to be Bell's brigade of rebel cavalry.

Question. At the time you formed your line at Ripley did you see General Sturgis, General Grierson, or Colonel McMillen there?

Answer. I did not see General Sturgis or Colonel McMillen. I saw General Grierson a few minutes before we went into line.

Question. What white troops formed on the same line?

Answer. I cannot say for certain. I think the Ninth Minnesota went into line when we first went into line; I do not know what other regiments. At the time we fell back into the timber there was a light line of cavalry formed on our left flank that skirmished a little.

Question. Where was Colonel Bouton at this time?

Answer. I can't say.

Question. Did you see the rebel line of battle as it crossed the Tishomingo Creek?

Answer. I saw it had crossed, but not when it was crossing.

Question. What was the strength of the line?

Answer. I could not judge, because I could only see their line at different points on account of the woods, brush, &amp;c.

Captain LAMBERG he PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and what position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. My name is Carl Adolph Lamberg; captain Battery F, Second U. S. Light Artillery (colored troops); I have been in the service since June 1, 1862; I was in command of my battery, consisting of two pieces, on the late expedition.

Question. What forage did you have for your animals on the march?

Answer. I had with me from here two days' forage. After that I sometimes got a little corn, but most of the time had to bait my horses on green feed. Once, for two days, I could get nothing for the horses but green feed.

Question. Did you have any corn for your horses on the day of the battle?

