
Answer. I did, in the morning. On the morning of the day before the battle I went out myself about FIFTY yards beyond the pickets and got a wagon-load of corn. That would have lasted about three days.

Question. How much corn did you see at that place?

Answer. I should think there were about 400 or 500 bushels in all. It was hid under a covering made of fence rails and brush.

Question. Did any one else get any of that corn?

Answer. I don't know of any one except Colonel Bouton; I think he got two wagon-loads. I only found it a few minutes before we marched in the morning.

Question. Did you see any forage at any other place on the route, and was it obtained?

Answer. On the first day's march beyond Ripley we passed a crib of corn, near the road, containing about 400 bushels. I tried to get some of it, and found it guarded by cavalry soldiers who said they were placed there by order of General Sturgis. This was at the time when my animals were without corn for two days. I saw corn at other places which was taken by quartermasters. At Lamar our brigade had plenty of corn, which was secured there.

Question. What part did your battery take in the battle of the 10th?

Answer. My battery was the last one engaged. I was at the rear with the train guard, the FIFTY-ninth and my battery being in the rear of the train. When I came up to the train the wagons were turning around and going to the rear. I was ordered to countermarch my battery, which I did. By this time the road was occupied by other batteries and wagons going to the rear. When I got about a quarter of a mile I was ordered to go into a position on the right, which I did, and opened fire and fired about forty rounds. The enemy opened fire from a battery in my front and afterward changed to my right. After firing about forty rounds Captain Reeve told me that the enemy were coming right in upon us in our front. I then moved my battery to the rear, but not very far, because the road was still blockaded in the same manner. I afterward moved to the rear. I went as far as the Hatchie Swamp, to where the road became so blocked up that I was compelled to abandon my guns, which as done on consultation with Colonel Wilkin, who had two regiments in the rear, we first having waited there four hours for orders and received none.

Question. What did you do with your guns when you abandoned them?

Answer. We spiked the guns, broke off the rammers in the guns, cut the wheels, and threw the ammunition in the mud. We threw at least three-quarters of the ammunition in the mud.

At 5. 30 p. m. the Board adjourned until 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 14, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, the members of the Board and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session read and approved.

Captain H. S. LEE duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and what position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. H. S. Lee; captain Seventh Wisconsin Battery; I have been in the service three years the 17th of last April; on the late expedition I had immediate charge of a section of my battery and verbal instructions from General Grierson, commanding Cavalry DIVISION, in case of an engagement to take charge of the artillery of the Cavalry DIVISION which consisted of my two pieces, two pieces of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery and two pieces attached to the Tenth Missouri Cavalry.

