
Question. Where did you join the Cavalry DIVISION?

Answer. I was ordered to report to General Grierson by General Buckland. I met General Grierson the evening before the expedition started, and he instructed me to report to Colonel Winslow, whom I overtook and joined and at White's Station. My two pieces and those of the Tenth Missouri were attached to the brigade commanded by Colonel Winslow, and a section of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery to the brigade commanded by Colonel Waring.

Question. After leaving La Fayette did you march in advance of the infantry column?

Answer. We marched in advance of the infantry column all of the time.

Question. How were you supplied with forage for the animals under your charge?

Answer. Shortly after leaving La Fayette our forage was exhausted and we had to depend on the country. I think I received no Government forage after the second day out. The supply of forage was very limited, the country being destitute, and it was very difficult to get. I used every exertion to get forage. I had my extra men mounted w-bags, and had them pick up all the forage they could along the road. A considerable portion of the time I was unable to procure any forage. Colonel Winslow, commanding the brigade, sent detachments of cavalry after forage for my battery. They procured a very little. During the forty-eight hours prior to the engagement at Guntown my animals (Seventh Wisconsin Battery) had three ears of corn each only. A portion of the time Colonel Winslow's brigade was in the advance and a portion of the time it was behind Colonel Waring's brigade.

Question. Which brigade was in the advance on the day of the action?

Answer. Colonel Waring's.

Question. Did you have any forage on the day of the fight?

Answer. We had no forage on that day. We marched very rapidly from Stubbs' to the scene of action.

Question. What time did you march on the morning of the 10th, and what part did your batteries take in the action of that day?

Answer. We moved from Stubbs' I think about 6 o'clock, Captain Joyce's pieces of the Tenth Missouri and my two pieces being together in column near the center of Colonel Winslow's brigade. When we had reached a point about three-quarters of a mile from Brice's Cross-Roads, a few minutes after 10 o'clock, our portion of the column was halted. This was just at Tishomingo Creek. We heard rapid and rather heavy firing on small-arms in front. Captain Joyce's two guns were put in position on the right-hand side of the road, just beyond the creek. I moved mine up, but did not go into position. We remained there, I should think, twenty minutes. We received orders to move forward from Colonel Winslow. We moved up to the intersection of the two roads at Brice's house. I received orders from Colonel Winslow and also from Captain Woodward, General Grierson's assistant adjutant-general, to select positions for the artillery. This was about 11 o'clock. I examined the ground thoroughly in front and to the right and to the left, and went down to the skirmish line two or three times to see if I could fire over them without danger. I could find no position in advance of the cross-roads that was favorable for execution. I then put my two guns on the left of the main road, and on this side of and very near to the Baldwyn road. The Fourteenth Indiana Battery guns were stationed on the left of the main road, immediately on the other side of the Baldwyn road. Captain Joyce's guns were put in position just at the intersection of the two roads, just to the right of the main road. The guns were placed so as to sweep the front. When we commenced firing our center was being pressed heavily, and the guns were posted so as to bear upon the force that was endeavoring to crush our center, and we opened fire with all the guns, firing over our cavalry line. We were engaged in this manner and with the rebel guns, I should think, until 1. 30 o'clock. Just before this the batteries of Captains Mueller, Fitch, and Chapman came up, just before we ceased firing. At about the same time a staff officer rode up and reported that a large rebel force was forming on our extreme left to charge. I saw none of my commanding officers present at the time, but found Colonel Winslow's adjutant, and asked him if he could relieve those guns on the hill. He replied, "Yes; you will be relieved. " I saw Captain Fitch a moment afterward, and spoke to him about taking position where my two guns were. My two guns moved out by my order to

