
the rear. Captain Joyce's had just been moved out by Colonel Winslow's order. We moved to the rear until we came to an open field near the creek, directly opposite the force of the enemy that was on our left, and opened fire on the line of the enemy, which was formed in line behind a fence, on the extreme left of our line. They opened on us with small-arms, and with Captain Joyce's battery and mine we shelled them out of their position. The infantry column had come up just before we were relieved by Captain Fitch. We staid there till our lines were all broken and the stampede commenced. The train commenced moving out on the road, and it was with great difficulty that we could get along. I saw General Grierson a few moments after this, and he said, "Captain, can't you find a position somewhere along here and check them?" We moved back to a house across the flat, where the wagon train was parked; it was a very good position. I saw Captain Joyce. He put his guns into position on the left. I put mine in position on the right, in a little orchard, so that the four guns covered the road and the open ground. Here I saw General Grierson again trying to organize the column, and asked him if I could have support. He said he would see and said, "Can't you open fire?" A rebel battery had opened fire on us here, and shells were falling rapidly. The wagon train continued to move out. As it did so, it came directly in front of our pieces. In consequence of this and the large number of our own men who were engaged in cutting their teams loose and mounting themselves, we could not fire. I so reported to General Grierson. He said, "Then, limber up and go on. " I did so. Captain Joyce succeeded in getting into the road with his pieces, and moved on. I could not get into the road on account of the teams blocking it, and we moved through the woods, picking and cutting our way through for about five miles, when I struck the road, and fell in the rear of the ambulance train. I kept that place in column until we reached the Hatchie bottom. It was late at night. I succeeded in getting one gun and three limbers through this bottom. The other carriages it was impossible to get through, in consequence of abandoned ambulances, drowned and dying horses and mules, and the depth of the mud. I worked four and a half hour in the swamp endeavoring to get the guns through. I wasore doing so I spiked the other piece, dismounted it, and threw it into a sink-hole, where it went down about eight feet. I cut down all the carriages, and threw all the ammunition in the mud that I could not bring away. I brought the one piece and three limbers as far as Ripley. I reached Ripley the next morning about 6 or 7 o'clock, and remained there a short time, awaiting orders. We finally received instructions to follow the Second Brigade of cavalry (Colonel Winslow's). There was so much confusion that I was unable to obtain any direct information as to the position of the troops. I finally fell in the rear of a column of cavalry, which I was informed was the rear of the Second Brigade. This battalion did not move out on the main road. The left of the rebel skirmish line had by this time reached the main road, so as to intercept travel. This battalion of cavalry moved into the woods. I followed them, but had proceeded but a short distance in the woods when I came to a deep, precipitous ravine, over which it was impossible to get the carriages. The cavalry had left me, and I had no protection whatever. We worked some time trying to get the carriages over this ravine, until the rebel skirmish line inclosed us in a semicircle. I abandoned the gun and carriages; before doing so spiking the gun, dismounting it, and throwing it into this ravine. I threw dirt and brush upon it so as to conceal it. We drew the carriages away a short distance and cut them to pieces. I then mounted the men upon the horses and proceeded through the woods. At this time I lost a sergeant and 5 men, taken prisoners. I kept along for several miles, and finally joined the cavalry and came on with them to Collierville. The two pieces of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery were charged upon and taken in action on the hill at the cross- roads. Captain Joyce, I believe, joined his regiment, the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, and brought his guns through safely. I consequence of the bad state of the roads, and the scarcity of forage, our horses were very much reduced when we went into action.

Question. How much ammunition had you with the one gun after you passed Hatchie bottom?

Answer. I had three limbers full, 120 rounds, because I had constantly kept the limber full at the expense of the caissons.

Question. Did you see General Grierson or Sturgis, or Colonel McMillen at Ripley?

Answer. I saw General Grierson personally. I only know from hearsay that General Sturgis was there.

Question. Did you receive any orders at Ripley to put your piece in position where it could be used against the enemy?

Answer. I did not.

