
done and the reasons for it, and he said that was right. I saw him there once very shortly after that, and I did not see him again until we were crossing the low ground where the wagon train was parked after the stampede had commenced.

Question. How long was it after your artillery ceased firing before the infantry column came up?

Answer. They came up before we had ceased firing, and we had to check our firing a little in order to allow them to pass.

Question. Did you see the main cavalry line from your position?

Answer. I could see no portion of it from our position.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned until to-morrow at 2 p. m.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 15, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

The members of the Board and the recorder present.

The minutes of the preceding session read and approved.

L. M. SIMANOE duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, place of residence, and the nature of your connection with the army.

Answer. L. M. Simanoe; I live a mile and a half northeast of Brice's Cross-Roads, in Tishomingo County, Miss; I am clerk for the sutler of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

Question. How long have you lived there, and when were you there last?

Answer. I have lived there about ten months; I was last there about four months ago.

Question. Are you acquainted with the roads and the country from Ripley to Baldwyn and Guntown?

Answer. I know every foot of the road and am well acquainted with the country.

Question. Examine the map now shown to you (marked Exhibit F*), and state if it is a correct representation of the roads and adjacent country between Stubbs' plantation and Brice's Cross-Roads.

Answer. Upon examination I find it substantially correct. It is the map made by Colonel I. G. Kappner from the information given him by me.

Question. What is the distance from Ripley to Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. Twenty-two miles and a half. From Stubbs' to the cross- roads it is eight or nine miles; I can't say which.

Question. How far is Brice's Cross-Roads from Baldwyn and Guntown?

Answer. It is five miles from Baldwyn and six from Guntown.

Question. What is the distance from Agnew's house to Brice's Cross- Roads?

Answer. Three miles.

Question. Are you acquainted with the swamp about a mile and a half south of Stubbs' plantation?

Answer. I know it very well. It is about a mile and a quarter from Stubbs' and near Widow Chisholm's.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

