
Question. Did you have much difficulty in procuring a supply of forage?

Answer. We did after leaving Salem, but not much before that.

Question. Did you find forage at Stubbs' plantation on the march out?

Answer. We found some, but not enough for a night's feed. There was other forage there which we were not allowed to take; it was left for the artillery horses for the infantry and for the train.

Question. Do you know of any forage or growing corn being guarded by the troops so as not to be taken?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know whether there was much forage in that section of the country?

Answer. My impression is that there was very little, and that the corn which we took was in many instances the bread supply of families.

Question. At what point and at what time did you first learn that the enemy were in force in your front?

Answer. We were informed at Brice's Cross-Roads that the main force of the enemy was at Baldwyn, but it was not until we engaged their pickets from half a mile to a mile east of the cross-roads that we found that we were to be resisted there.

Question. Did you have any information as to the whereabouts of the enemy before reaching Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. None whatever.

Question. At what time in the day did you first engage the enemy?

Answer. At 10 o'clock in the morning.

Question. What portion of the cavalry first became engaged with the enemy?

Answer. My brigade. I was in the advance that day.

Question. Where was your first line of battle formed?

Answer. At the Baldwyn road, to the WEST side of the first cleared land beyond Brice's Cross-Roads, a little more than a quarter of a mile distant.

Question. Where was the Second Brigade formed?

Answer. I did not see the ground on which they were formed. I understood they were across the Guntown road facing south, and in connection with my right.

Question. How long did you maintain your original position?

Answer. Four hours.

Question. Did you use any artillery against the enemy?

Answer. I fired 112 rounds from the mountain howitzers and twelve or fifteen rounds from a section of the Fourteenth Indiana Battery.

Question. Where was your artillery stationed?

Answer. My howitzers were in my line of skirmishers, and the Fourteenth Indiana Battery was placed about the center of my line of battle, just on the right of the Baldwyn road. That section was kept there only until some sharpshooters were cleared out of a house and then sent immediately to the rear.

Question. Was there open space in front of your entire line?

Answer. There was.

Question. Did the enemy advance across that open ground while you were there?

