
Question. Did you hold the Baldwyn road until the infantry came up and took position on that road?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What waMy next position was in a low field on the east side of Tishomingo Creek. My men dismounted and were thrown forward as skirmishers, under the cover of a fence.

Question. How long did you remain there, what orders did you receive, and what did you do after that?

Answer. I should think I remained there an hour and a half; most of the time I was with General Sturgis and near the cross-roads. Soon after 4 o'clock I was ordered to retreat, and did so; I think about half a mile. It was at the first house after crossing the creek.

Question. Was your command replenished with ammunition after you went into the fight?

Answer. Yes, sir. We had used the most of our ammunition in the fight, Before retreating we replenished our boxes so far as we could from the wagons. A very little of the ammunition belonging to my brigade was left then, and we took all there was.

Question. How much ammunition had your men when you arrived at Ripley?

Answer. From five to twenty-five rounds. We probably averaged twenty rounds.

Question. During the retreat from Ripley were you at the rear or head of the column?

Answer. The position of my brigade was at the head of the column. Three of my four regiments were alternately at the rear.

Question. At what time did you reach Collierville, and at what time did you leave there?

Answer. I think we reached there a little before 9 o'clock on the morning of the 12th, and left a little after sunset on the same day.

Question. What was the occasion of your leaving Collierville at that time?

Answer. We were ordered to do so by General Grierson.

Question. Had rations and forage been sent out to Collierville by rail for the command?

Answer. Plenty of rations had been sent, but there was no sufficient forage.

Question. Was there not an alarm gotten up which was the occasion of your leaving Collierville that night?

Answer. I know of no alarm, except that arising from our condition. I heard no report that we were to be attacked.

Question. To what causes do you attribute the defeat of our forces at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. I think that the force of the enemy largely outnumbered any force which we opposed to them at any one time, and it is my opinion that the enemy outnumbered our whole force. I was not in a position to judge. I was never taken into consultation. I did not know what General Sturgis' orders were, and did not hear the reports concerning the enemy.

Question. Do you know of any general officer or brigade or regimental commander getting intoxicated on the day of the battle or during the expedition?

Answer. I do not.

