
Question. How long after you were relieved by the infantry before they were attacked by the enemy?

Answer. I think about fifteen minutes, but as soon as they had got their line formed.

Question. Was your line relieved all at once?

Answer. My line had just been driven back, and I was commencing to form a second line, and had 400 or 500 men in position, when I saw the head of the infantry column. Colonel McMillen requested me to show him the best position for his men. I directed him to a point to the right of the road, by forming from which the left of his line would relieve my force on and near the road, his left resting near the road. I expected to hold the left of the road. As the left of his line came into position on the road my line was withdrawn to the cover on the left of the road, and my men were ordered to horse.

Question. Did you see Sturgis' escort holding any portion of the line before the infantry had arrived?

Answer. I did not see it personally, but was informed that they held a portion of the line after my right was driven back. My left was still on the Baldwyn road, and holding it, but the ground to the right of the road had been uncovered, and it was this portion of the line they occupied. It may have appeared at the cross-roads that the Baldwyn road was wholly uncovered, but such was not the case, as my line was still on the left of the road and holding the road.

Question. Did the position you took after being relieved by the infantry cover the left flank of the infantry line?

Answer. No, sir; it was a good deal to the rear of it.

Question. Was there any other cavalry covering the infantry line?

Answer. No, sir; none of any account.

Question. Did you receive any orders from General Sturgis or General Grierson to protect the left flank of the infantry line?

Answer. The position I took was assigned to me by General Grierson. It was on the left of the Seventy-second Ohio and about a quarter of a mile north from the Baldwyn road. I think it was the best position to meet the enemy in any heavy effort to turn the left flank of the infantry line. I had also about 200 men in a ravine between the Baldwyn road and the Seventy-second Ohio.

Question. Was it customary on your march to the cross-roads to have the leading cavalry brigade as far in advance of the infantry column as it was on the day of the battle?

Answer. The distance was so great that it is almost impossible for me to say, but I was almost daily ordered, and was that day specially ordered, to keep out of the way of the train. The order was given to me by General Grierson.

Question. What is your estimate of the whole force of the enemy at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. As near as I can judge from 12,000 to 15,000 men.

Lieutenant A. M. KINZIE sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and your present position in the army.

Answer. A. M. Kinzie; lieutenant, Ninth Illinois Cavalry; I have been in the service three years; I am aide-de-camp to Major- General Washburn.

Question. Did you go to Ripley in charge of a flag of truce? and, if so, state when.

Answer. I went to Ripley with a flag of truce; cannot state the date exactly; I arrived there I believe just two weeks after the fight at Brice's Cross-Roads.

13 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

