
Question. How many pieces of artillery did the enemy open on you at that point?

Answer. About six.

Question. To what causes do you attribute the defeat of our forces at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. I believe if we had originally made a stand at the second white house, letting the cavalry fall back to that point, we could have fought them there and beaten them. I am of the opinion that the enemy in that fight had more men than we had. I think our men were exhausted before they got into the fight. I think the Second Brigade were beaten before they went into the fight at all. I think I passed 300 of them lying in the road before reaching the cross- roads. The position at the cross-roads was a bad one for artillery, as I have already stated.

Question. Do you know of any general officer, brigade or regimental commander, being intoxicated on the day of the fight?

Answer. I do not.

By Colonel I. G. KAPPNER:

Question. Do you know of any instance on the expedition where forage was guarded for the benefit of citizens?

Answer. About four miles beyond Ripley I sent my horses out into a field of oats to graze, having no feed for them. They were ordered out by an orderly from General Sturgis' headquarters. I know of no other instance.

Captain J. M. Johnson sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. J. M. Johnson; captain, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service since the commencement of the war, with the exception of two months in the year 1862; on the late expedition I acted as field officer and second in command in my regiment.

Question. What was the condition of the men of your regiment when you went into action at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. Very bad; nearly worn out; exhausted from heat and overmarching.

Question. What was your position when the regiment formed its first line of battle?

Answer. I was in the center of the left wing; Colonel King was on the right. The ground where the regiment was formed was nearly level and grown up very thick with underbrush, what we would call blackjack in our country.

Question. Did you see the enemy in your front?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. What troops joined your regiment on the left of line?

Answer. The Second Brigade was on our left, but not within 150 yards of us. I could not say how far exactly.

Question. How long after your regiment became engaged was it that the enemy turned your left flank?

Answer. It was from a half to three-quarters of an hour.

Question. Did the enemy turn the right and left flanks of your regiment at the same time?

Answer. Very near the same time, but I think they were on the left flank first.

Question. To what causes to you attribute the defeat of our forces at Brice's Cross-Roads?

