
Answer. I should suppose by crowding the men up, fatiguing them, the position in which they were placed in the field, and want of connection between the lines. When we first went into position I restrained my men from firing, having been told that there was another line of our troops in our front, which I supposed to be a line of skirmishers. My men lying down could see, under the brush, the rebels moving back and forth in our front, and occasionally fired at them, for which I reproved them, supposing they were firing on our men by mistake. The men claimed that they were rebels as some of them had on gray clothes. This lasted about twenty minutes, when I concluded that there were none of our men in front and ordered my men to open fire.

Question. What was the feeling of the troops as far as regards confidence in their commanding general?

Answer. Rather poor. The men generally expressed want of confidence in their commanding general. I heard the men say frequently that General Sturgis had said he expected to lose his train.

QQuestion. What acts of mismanagement on the part of commanding officers came under your observation?

Answer. There was not care taken to form the lines properly. The different portions of the line were not properly connected. The position at the cross-roads ought not to have been taken at all. The position itself whipped us. In my opinion the position ought to have been taken two miles this side of the cross-roads.

Question. After falling back from the cross-roads could your regiment have been rallied at the position you refer to?

Answer. It was rallied and formed in line there.

Question. How long did it remain in line there?

Answer. We remained there, I should think, half an hour. We were ordered to fall back from this position at the end of that time.

Question. Do you know of any general officer or brigade or regimental commander being intoxicated on the expedition?

Answer. Yes, sir; I do. Colonel McMillen, I would say, was drunk on the cars between here and Collierville on the day we went out from here. The soldiers saw him in this condition.

Question. Were there any unnecessary delays on the outward march of the expedition?

Answer. There was a delay of time. On the whole I think we lost over a day unnecessarily in going out.

At 5. 30 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 22, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, the members of the Board and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

Captain E. O. MALLORY duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. Egbert O. Mallory; captain, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers; I have ben in the service since July 18, 1862: on the expedition I commanded my company, Company I.

Question. What was the condition of your men when they went into the fight at Brice's Cross-Roads on the 10th of June?

Answer. They were greatly exhausted from marching in quick and double-quick time in the heat of the day.

