
Question. How long after you arrived at the cross-roads before you were engaged with the enemy?

Answer. About half or three-quarters of an hour.

Question. Did you see any commanding officer drink any intoxicating liquor on the day of the fight?

Answer. I can't say that I did. I saw two of them drinking from a bottle; they were General Sturgis and Colonel McMillen. It was in the road where we formed the first line after falling back from the cross-roads at what we called the white house.

Question. What was the feeling among the men as regards confidence in their commanding general?

Answer. They had no confidence in him. I heard them express that opinion.

Question. What caused that feeling?

Answer. The past history of the man and their having been with him on his former expedition.

Private ANDREW* ARMSTRONG sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment.

Answer. Andrew Armstrong; private, Company G, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry.

Question. Were you with your regiment in the fight at Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see any general officer or colonel drink any intoxicating liquor on the day of the fight? and, if so, state the circumstances.

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw General Sturgis and Colonel McMillen with a bottle of whisky about sundown on that day where we formed our last line, about half a mile from what is called the last white house. I saw Colonel McMillen pass the bottle to General Sturgis and saw him (General S.) take a drink.

Question. What kind of conversation did you hear between Colonel McMillen and General Sturgis at that time?

Answer. I heard no conversation between them, but I heard Colonel McMillen after the drinking give the order to Colonel Wilkin to form his brigade in line and to hold that position until dark, and said, "We will form a new line about three miles from here, and you can retire behind that, and we will whip them yet. "

Question. Did you see any general officer or colonel intoxicated at any time after the expedition left Memphis?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw Colonel McMillen intoxicated on the cars, and saw him fall out of the car at the place where the troops left the train. I saw him fall once after he got off the cars.

Question. What was the feeling among the men before the battle as regards confidence in their commanding general?

Answer. From what I could learn they seemed to have but little confidence in their general.

Question. What reasons did you hear given for want of confidence in the general?

Answer. It was from the loitering and careless manner in which we marched till we arrived at Ripley. After that we were ordered to stay close in the ranks.

At 5 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

---------------

*Borne on the muster-rolls of his company as Leander.

---------------

