
MEMPHIS, TENN., July 23, 1864--2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

The members of the Board and the recorder present.

The minutes of the preceding session were road and approved.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name and rank; the length of time you have been in service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. B. H. Grierson; Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers; I have been in the service since May, 1861; on the late expedition I commanded the Cavalry DIVISION.

Question. What time did your command leave La Fayette?

Answer. I think it was on the 2nd of June.

Question. How many days' forage did you take for your animals?

Answer. We did not take any, but we got a feed or two by sending back to the railroad.

Question. Did you find sufficient forage after that from there to Brice's Cross-Roads?

Answer. No, sir; it was very difficult to obtain forage. The foraging was very hard on the command.

Question. Was there any order prohibiting feeding on growing oats, wheat, &amp;c.?

Answer. There was no order, I believe, but that is not good feed.

Question. How were you supplied with forage on this last expedition under General Smith?

Answer. We managed to take along a little, but were more fortunate than when upon the other expedition.

Question. What route did you take on this last trip?

Answer. From La Fayette we took the direct route to Ripley, and from there to New Albany and Pontotoc, the cavalry marching on the flanks and in the advance and rear wherever practicable.

Question. Had General Smith as large a train as General Sturgis?

Answer. I did not count them, but do not think there was much difference.

Question. What was the condition of your animals on your return from the expedition under General Smith?

Answer. Very fair. Much better than I would have expected.

Question. Were any orders issued by General Sturgis or yourself for guarding forage for the benefit of citizens?

Answer. There were occasional cases where guards were placed over the corn of those who had relatives in our army, but those cases were very rare.

Question. Were you present at a consultation of officers under General Sturgis, at Ripley, on the march out?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What occurred at the consultation, and what was the result?

Answer. Colonel Hoge, Colonel McMillen, General Sturgis, and myself were present. It seemed we were called together to consult as to what was best to be done under the circumstances. The general asked me my opinion, and I gave it to him. I thought, considering the condition of the roads, which were very bad in consequence of the

