
Gladesville. Morgan, with 2,500 men, moved into Kentucky, via Whitesburg. I pursued, and, by marching ninety miles in twenty-four hours, came upon him at Mount Sterling yesterday morning, and defeated him. By stealing fresh horses he reached Lexington at 2 o'clock this a. m. Our forces held the fort, and rebels did but little damage. He left here at 7 a. m. for Versailles. I start in pursuit with a fresh force this evening, and hope to capture his command.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 13, 1864.

(Received 11. 53 p. m.)

I attacked Morgan at Cynthiana at daylight yesterday morning, and after an hour's hard fighting completely routed him, killing 300, wounding as many, and capturing nearly 400, besides recapturing nearly all of General Hobson's command and over 1,000 horses. Our loss in killed and wounded about 150. Morgan's scattered forces are flying in all directions; have thrown away arms; are out of ammunition and wholly demoralized.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 13, 1864. -9. 10 p. m.

Morgan entered Kentucky with nearly 3,000 men through Pound Gap June 4. June 7 I started in pursuit from mouth of Beaver, on Big Sandy; attacked him at Mount Sterling at daylight June 9. Rebel loss nearly 600 prisoners; ours about 25 killed and 100 wounded. I drove him via Lexington to Cynthiana, where I attacked at daylight yesterday a. m., gaining complete victory. Rebel loss, 300 killed and 400 prisoners, besides wounded. I captured over 1,000 horses, and recaptured most of General Hobson's command, taken by Morgan the day before. Our loss about 150 killed and wounded. The rebel force is scattered, and small squads without arms or ammunition and wholly demoralized are being pursued and picked up in every direction.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major-General SHERMAN.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 20, 18864.

On the 11th instant Hobson attacked Morgan's command at Keller's Bridge, and after six hours' of fighting was compelled to surrender with about 300 of the One hundred and seventy-first Regiment Ohio National Guard. Three hours after the surrender, at Morgan's suggestion, General Hobson and staff, with the field officers of the One hundred and seventy-first Ohio, accompanied by three reel officers and two soldiers,

