
which I had sent out on the Guntown road reported a column moving from the Baldwyn to the Guntown road. As I had received no further instructions from General Sturgis, and my previous instructions had been to march that day as far as Baldwyn, I concluded to hold that position and await further instructions. I ordered forward Colonel Winslow's brigade on the Guntown road, with instructions to connect with Colonel Waring's right, and take position in the open ground in front and with his own right at or across the Guntown road. A portion of his brigade was thrown out on the Pontotoc road to the edge of the timber, where they had a good view. I kept 600 men at the Tishomingo Creek as a reserve.

Question. How long did your line maintain its original position along the edge of the timber.

Answer. Two hours at least.

Question. What message did you send to General Sturgis during this time?

Answer. Directly after I got the line formed the fighting became heavy along the whole line. I send during these two hours repeated messages to General Sturgis, informing him that I was fighting a large force, and that my reserves were being used up, but that I thought I could hold the position till the infantry came up if they were brought forward promptly. When we had been fighting two hours General Sturgis' adjutant, Captain Rawolle, came up and stated that the general directed him to tell me that he believed that the force I wasbrigade of from 1,200 to 1,500 men, and that the general wished me to move on to Baldwyn, leaving a detachment at the cross-roads until the infantry came up, and that the infantry would go on to Guntown. I told Captain Rawolle that I had been trying to travel the Baldwyn road, but found it blocked by the enemy, and that I thought if he would go out to the front he would conclude we were fighting more force than the general supposed. Soon after this General Sturgis arrived in person, with the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and I acquainted him with all the facts in regard to the position. Just about this time there came a message from Colonel Waring that he would have to fall back unless he received some support. I suggested to General Sturgis to send his escort (the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry) to support Colonel Waring, which was done. About this time the right of Colonel Waring's line was forced back about 100 or 200 yards, and Colonel Winslow was obliged to retire his line to connect it with Colonel Waring's. This position, I think, was held by the cavalry till the infantry came up.

Question. What orders did General Sturgis give you in regard to withdrawing the cavalry when the infantry came up?

Answer. He told me to withdraw and reorganize them, holding then in readiness to operate on the flanks, which I did. Colonel Winslow's brigade remained in position on the right, and remained there some time after they were ordered to withdraw by General Sturgis, as there was a renewed attack on the right.

Question. How long was it after you were ordered to prepare your command to operate on the flanks before those preparations were completed?

Answer. I immediately sent a part of Waring's brigade (I think the Fourth Missouri) out on the left flank. The Tenth Missouri was already on the right flank, and the Seventh Illinois was sent there. The balance of Waring's brigade was sent across the creek, and they had barely time to form squadron, when I had to dismount them and send them out to repel a heavy attack on our left rear.

Question. How long after the cavalry was withdrawn was it that the infantry commenc

Answer. I think about half an hour after Colonel Winslow withdrew.

Question. What orders did General Sturgis give you in relation to the conduct of the retreat?

Answer. He ordered us to fall back and take a new position at a point about one and a half or two miles back, where he said he had noticed a good position. I fell back to the place which I supposed to be the one General Sturgis referred to, formed a line there, and got an infantry regiment and a battery in position. General Sturgis then came along and told me that he thought that wasn't the place; that he thought there was a better position farther back. I thought that was the proper place where a line should be formed, and remained there some time. I think that if

