
Question. Did you know when you arrived there that a part of your retreating column had not yet arrived, but were approaching?

Answer. Yes, sir; we had heard that they were approaching, and sent out patrols to gather them in. The men were constantly coming in. I learned through some of my cavalry that Wilkin, with a considerable column, was approaching by the way of La Grange and Moscow.

Question. By whose orders did you leave Collierville that night, and what reasons were given for such orders?

Answer. By General Sturgis' orders. He informed me that it was reported that a column of the enemy was moving up toward White's Station to cut us off.

Question. In your opinion, was there any necessity for marching away from Collierville that night?

Answer. No, sir; there was not. I was surprised when I received the order to march. If we had remained there it would have been a great benefit to the command, and would have saved us a great many men and horses. I remained at White's Station until the 15th, rendering all the assistance in my power to the scattered men, who were coming in, by my patrols.

Question. In your opinion could the trains, artillery, and retreating troops have been saved by proper management and exertions on the part of the commanding officer?

Answer. I think a greater portion of the artillery and trains might have been saved, and also many men from being captured or killed.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet at 2 p. m. Monday, July 25, 1864.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 25, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all of the members and the recorder.

The minutes of the two preceding sessions were read and approved.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. E. F. Winslow; colonel Fourth Iowa Cavalry; I have been in the service since November 23, 1861; on the late expedition I commanded the Second Brigade of the Cavalry DIVISION.

Question. How were you supplied with forage on the expedition?

Answer. We had very little. We often had to march farther to secure forage after we got into camp than we had marched during the day. After we left the railroad we did not have over half rations.

Question. At what point did you first hear of the enemy being in force in your front?

Answer. My command met at Ripley what was reported to be Bell's brigade, and skirmished with them. It was just at sundown, and they retired in the night. This was on the 7th of June.

Question. Did you learn anything more in reference to the enemy before you got to Brice's Cross Roads?

Answer. I did not.

