
Question. Was that a proper position for the train under the circumstances?

Answer. I do not think it was a proper position under any circumstances. I think that was one cause of losing the train.

Question. From Ripley to Collierville what part of the column were you in?

Answer. I was as the rear all of the time.

Question. How far did the enemy follow you this side of Ripley?

Answer. They followed us in force about five miles. At that point they made a dash on us and took a good many prisoners. After that they only followed us with a few men.

Question. Did you receive any orders from General Sturgis about conducting the rear after leaving Stubbs' plantation?

Answer. I never received any orders from him, either in person or otherwise, in regard to any movement whatever after leaving Stubbs'. The only time that I saw General Sturgis was about ten miles this side of Ripley as he was passing to the front. He then gave me no orders.

Question. At what time did you arrive at Collierville on the retreat, and what time did you leave there, and what were the reasons for leaving at that time?

Answer. We arrived there at noon on the 12th and left at dark. Two thousand fresh infantry arrived there about 3 o'clock in the afternoon on the cars from Memphis, the train also bringing ammunition, forage, and rations. I was informed by General Sturgis and Grierson that we would remain there all night, for the purpose of resting and covering the retreat of such infantry as might be coming in. The command moved by order of General Sturgis about dark to White's Station, seventeen miles, reaching there about daylight; in consequence of which movement 200 horses of my command were rendered unserviceable. I know of no reason for that march. Two hundred and FIFTY of my command were ordered to Collierville the next morning to protect the retreat of such infantry as might come in.

At 6 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet -morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 26, 1864-2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, the members and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

Colonel W. L. McMILLEN duly sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State you name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. W. L. McMillen; colonel Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service since the 19th of April, 1861, with the exception of a few months in the year 1862, and also a few weeks in 1861; on the late expedition under General Sturgis I left Memphis as the commanding officer of the First Brigade, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps. I was afterward placed in command of all the infantry of the expedition, which constituted a DIVISION.

Question. What time did the infantry leave on the march from the railroad?

Answer. We left on the morning of the 3rd of June, about 4 o'clock.

Question. At what time did General Sturgis assume command?

Answer. He arrived at my headquarters on the 2nd of June, and assumed command on the same day.

