
Question. Was the supply train under your charge?

Answer. Yes, sir; it was guarded by me troops.

Question. How long did you halt at Salem on the march out, and for what reason?

Answer. We halted there one day. The general commanding never communicated to me his reasons for so doing.

Question. How far did you march on the day you left Ripley?

Answer. I marched five miles; part of my command marched thirteen miles.

Question. At what point, and at what time of day on the 10th, did you first get orders to advance to the support of the cavalry?

Answer. It was, I think, in the vicinity of 11 o'clock on the morning of the 10th, some four or five miles south of Stubb's.

Question. Had the infantry column and trains passed over what is know as the Hatchie Swamp?

Answer. I had halted the head of the column at a sufficient distance from the stream to enable the troops and train to cross and close up, and was waiting in that position.

Question. State what orders you received, and what you did on that day after that time.

Answer. General Sturgis was with me at the head of my column, at the place before indicated, when a messenger arrived with a written communication, which he handed to General Sturgis, which the general read immediately and handed it to me. It proved to be an official communication from General Grierson, dated 10 o'clock that morning, announcing that he was at Brice's Cross-Roads, and giving the distances to the railroad by the various roads from that point, stating that he had sent out parties on those different roads, and that a messenger just in from his advance on the Baldwyn road informed him that they had met the enemy and that skirmishing had begun briskly; stating, further, that the position, in his opinion, was an important and a good one, and suggesting that a brigade of infantry be moved forward to his support as rapidly as possible. Acting upon this information General Sturgis directed me to move may advance brigade forward as rapidly as I could without any reference to the movements of the train. He stated that he would go on with his escort as rapidly as he could to the cross- roads. I asked permission of the general, before he left, to accompany my advance brigade to the field, which was granted after assuring him that the troops left with the train would bring it up safely. I had gone but a short distance with my advance brigade when another messenger arrived, stating that the enemy was driving our cavalry back, and I was directed to move my advance brigade up in quick time and look well to the safety of the train. From this time until we reached the field orders were frequently received to move up as rapidly as possible, the substance of them being that the cavalry was being driven and the presence of the infantry was needed. Reaching a point about, a mile and a half from the cross- roads I halted the advance brigade, Colonel Hoge's, for the purpose of enabling the men to rest and fill their canteens with water. Whilst engaged at this a peremptory order was received to move the brigade up in quick time without halting for any purpose whatever. I communicated the order to the commanding officer of the brigade, and, with my staff, rode on to the cross-roads, where everything was going to the devil as fast as it possibly could. Colonel Waring, commanding the brigade of cavalry which had been fighting on the Baldwyn road, rode up to me and inquired how long it would be before the infantry would be up, stating that it was a question of seconds as to whether he could hold the road nor not. I told him that I could not give him assistance in any given number of seconds, but that my troops were coming up as rapidly as possible and I would relieve him as soon as possible, which would probably be ten or fifteen minutes. At this time the cavalry were falling back rapidly in disorder and the roads at Brice's house were filled with retreating cavalry, led horses, ambulances, wagons, and artillery, the whole presenting a scene of confusion and demoralization anything but cheering to troops just arriving. The enemy was also shelling this pint vigorously at this time and during the arrival of my troops. Great anxiety was manifested on the part of all for the quick arrival of the infantry, and I was frequently appealed to know when the infantry would come up. Fearing that the enemy would get possession of the cross-roads before the

