
under a flag of truce, went to Falmouth to enable General H[obson] to communicate with the military authorities. I ordered General Hobson to retain the rebels and come here, and the whole party, except the field officers of the One hundred and seventy-first, is now here. General Hobson did not give his parole, but at the solicitation of the officers of the One hundred and seventy-first entered into a written agreement with Morgan to report back to him if not exchanged. On the morning of the 12th instant Morgan's forces were routed and all the prisoners in his hands recaptured. He took none with him in this flight. I desire instructions as to what disposition to make of the five rebels, and as to what course I shall pursue in regard to General Hobson and staff.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky, Lexington, June 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I transmit herewith for the information of the Secretary of War, a copy of the official report* of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson, detailing the part taken by him and his command in the late Morgan raid, up to and including the surrender of himself and forces at Falmouth.

The surrender was unquestionably necessary, and it is a matter of congratulation that General Hobson with raw, undisciplined levies fought so gallantly and delayed the enemy so long. Without doubt the gallant resistance of General Hobson materially assisted me in my operations and enabled me to come up with and rout the marauders at Cynthiana. Had Hobson not made this fight Covington would have been at the mercy of Morgan, and the entire line of railroad, between Falmouth and Covington. But because of the rather irregular manner in which General Hobson was retaken from the enemy and a promise made by him to try to effect exchange of some rebel officers for himself and those captured with him and to report to Morgan if he did not make the arrangement, I did not place his escort in close confinement, but have sent them to Indianapolis to await a decision in their case. I inclose a copy of the paper+ given by General Hobson to John Morgan, with the explanation. General Hobson peremptorily refused to be paroled or to permit the paroling of his officers. The men were paroled with his protest before Morgan that the parole was imperative and would not be regarded, and when the suggestion of Morgan was made to parole Hobson and his officers it was absolutely rejected. Hobson detained Morgan as long as possible in parleying about the matter in order to delay the rebels as much as possible and give me an opportunity to come up. This was at last conjectured by some of the rebel officers; conference on the subject ceased. At last General Hobson gave the paper herewith inclosed, but with the full understanding that it was o violate the cartel in the slightest, but to do the very best possible thing for the Government, and while yet under rebel escort my scouting parties recaptured the entire party, and I submit that if there was any obligatory effect in the paper at all it was annulled by the recapture. I had intended placing Hobson

---------------

*See p. 32.

+See p. 36.

---------------

