
vealed himself by the fire of his skirmishers. That portion of the field visited by me was mostly covered with a thick growth of small oak timber, and little or nothing could be seen in any direction.

Question. At what point was your ammunition train lost?

Answer. It was lost with the supply train and artillery, which were abandoned at the Hatchie bottom.

Question. How far was that from Stubbs'?

Answer. Two miles, I think.

Question. What efforts were made to save the ammunition?

Answer. I do not know, not having had charge of that part of the operations.

Question. Did you see General Sturgis at the cross-roads after the enemy attacked your first line?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Where did you first see him after that time?

Answer. At the point heretofore referred to, about one and a half or two miles this side of the cross-roads.

Question. What orders did you receive in regard to the conduct of the train on the day of the fight?

Answer. I was ordered to look well to the safety of the train and to see that it was well closed up, and that the brigades of Colonel Wilkin and Colonel Bouton were not marched faster than the train could be conveniently moved. With the conduct of the train after it reached the vicinity of the battle-field I was at no time charged. I received no orders to halt it. After the head of my column arrived at the cross-roads I was engaged with the disposition of my troops.

At 5. 30 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 28, 1864-2. 15 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

The members all present; also the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session read and approved.

Colonel EDWARD BOUTON sworn and examined.

By the PRESIDENT:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. Edward Bouton; colonel FIFTY-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry; I have been in the service two years and eight months; on the late expedition under General Sturgis I commanded my brigade of colored troops.

Question. How were the animals of your brigade supplied with forage on the march?

Answer. We started out with about one day's rations of grain, which we made to do for two days. After that we depended on grazing, a little green corn and green wheat, and got two or three sacks of old corn.

Question. Do you know of any corn or other forage being guarded for the benefit of citizens?

Answer. Yes, sir; I know of corn having been guarded at two places and I think there. Guards were stationed with instructions to let no one in. In one place I ordered the corn to be taken, notwithstanding the guard.

