
Answer. Lieutenant Stratton had charge of the commissary stores and Lieutenant Livings had charge of the ordnance stores. Lieutenant Shattuck and Lieutenant Dement each claimed to have charge of the supply train.

Question. Did you hear any dispute between Lieutenant Dement and Shattuck concerning who had charge of the supply train?

Answer. I did. I heard a dispute between Shattuck and Stratton. There seemed to be a misunderstanding and difficulty as to who should control the movement of the train.

Question. Were you present at a conversation between General Sturgis and several other officers, on the retreat this side of Ripley, concerning the route they should take?

Answer. I was not. I was with my command at that time attending to the wounded.

Question. State what you know about guards being placed over water to prevent the soldiers from getting it to drink.

Answer. Guards were placed at houses and prevented my colored soldiers from going in to get water from the wells and cisterns, from the time we left La Fayette Station until we arrived at Stubbs', except it may be at a few poor peoples' places.

Question. By whose orders were these guards placed for that purpose?

Answer. They said they were stationed by Colonel McMillen's orders.

Question. What did Colonel McMillen say about it?

Answer. He said he had not instructed the guards to prevent them from getting water. He said that the men did not needed to visit the houses for the purpose of getting water, as there was water enough to be had without.

Question. Could the men get water at other places?

Answer. A portion of the time they could, but it was not very good, being surface water.

At 5. 30 p. m. the Board adjourned till 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 29, 1864-2 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

The members of the Board and the recorder present.

The minutes of the preceding session read and approved.

Brigadier General R. P. Buckland was temporarily excused by the Board.

Colonel L. M. WARD duly sworn and examined.

By Colonel J. B. MOORE:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment, and the length of time you have been in the service.

Answer. L. M. Ward; colonel of the Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers; I have been in the service since April, 1861, with the exception of about four months in the year 1861.

Question. Are you acquainted with Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, and did you see him at Memphis previous to the departure of his late expedition?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State when and where you saw him, and what transpired on that occasion.

Answer. It was in the evening of I cannot say what day precisely, at the Gayoso House, in Memphis, just previous to his starting on his expedition. I understood

