
from what I heard him say to other officers that he had received his marching orders. I should judge that the general was considerably under the influence of liquor at the time. Later in the evening I saw him again at the same place. I saw him coming down stairs in company with another officer. From his manner and actions at the time I should say he was very much intoxicated.

Question. State what occurred at the time.

Answer. When he came down the stairs at that time he staggered up to the desk or counter, closed up the hotel register, raised it up over his shoulder, holding it for a moment as if he intended to strike his negro servant with it, then looked his servant in the face, laughed in a silly manner, and laid the book down again. The officer who was with him then took him by the arm and led him out on the sidewalk in front of the hotel. Just at that time there was a lady passing by. I saw General Sturgis take and detain her, and was apparently speaking to her, though I could not hear what he said. The last I saw of him he stood near the pillars with his arms over the lady's shoulder and around her waist, and the officer with him was trying to get the general to enter a hack that was standing near. I beith the sight and did not wait to see any more.

Question. Who else was present at this time?

Answer. There was an officer of my regiment with me, and there was other officers and citizens in the office of the hotel, and others were passing along the sidewalk.

Lieutenant W. H. STRATTON sworn and examined.

By Colonel I. G. KAPPNER:

Question. State your name, rank, and regiment; the length of time you have been in the service, and the position you occupied on the late expedition under General Sturgis.

Answer. W. H. Stratton; first lieutenant Company I, Seventh Illinois Cavalry; I have been in the service since August, 1861; on the late expedition under General Sturgis I acted as chief commissary of the expedition by order of General Washburn.

Question. Who had charge of the general supply train of his expedition?

Answer. Lieutenant Shattuck, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, who was chief quartermaster of the expedition.

Question. At what point did Lieutenant Shattuck leave the expedition?

Answer. I was one day's march beyond Ripley.

Question. What orders did you then receive in relation to the general supply train?

Answer. I received verbal orders from General Sturgis to assist Lieutenant Dement in keeping up the supply train and keeping it together.

Question. Were you not ordered at that time by General Sturgis to take charge of the supply train in Lieutenant Shattuck's place?

Answer. I was not ordered to take charge of it; only to assist Lieutenant Dement.

Question. State what action you took in guard to the supply train, and what charge you took of it, and what orders you received in regard to it on the day of the battle.

Answer. About 8 or 9 o'clock on the morning of the battle Lieutenant Dement went forward in advance of the train to see about getting some corn, and left me in charge of the train. I had charge of the train till we came near to the battle-field. When I had reached the field near Tishomingo Creek I received orders from Colonel McMillen, or one of his staff, to corral the train in the field just this side of Tishomingo Creek, heading the train this way to have it ready to move to the rear. I had the same orders from General Sturgis. While I was engaged in doing this Lieutenant Dement came back, and said he had charge of the train and would at-

