
tend to corralling it. I asked him if he had orders in relation to corralling the train. He said he had orders from General Sturgis. I received orders at the same time from General Sturgis to assist Lieutenant Dement, which I accordingly did.

Question. How many of your teams crossed the Tishomingo Creek?

Answer. Only one; an ammunition team.

Question. What teams were those that had crossed the Tishomingo Creek and were parked beyond it, and by whose orders did they cross?

Answer. I do not know; I think they were the brigade and DIVISION teams that were in advance of us in column.

Question. What other orders did you receive in regard to the train?

Answer. When the infantry was falling back I received orders from one of General Sturgis' staff officers to get the train out of there as quick as possible. At this time the whole general supply train of about 190 wagons was cut out of the road and parked in this field, headed to the rear. When I received those orders I immediately started the ammunition train out on the road. At this time the wood was getting blocked about 100 yards to the rear of where I was, in consequence of one ambulance having tried to pass two others at a little bayou.

At 4. 30 p. m. the Board adjourned to meet at 2 p. m. to-morrow.

MEMPHIS, July 30, 1864-2. 15 p. m.

The Board met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members and the recorder.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

The Board having finished the investigation, respectfully submit the foregoing testimony, with the accompanying exhibits, as the result of their labors.

At 2. 30 p. m. the Board adjourned sine die.

R. P. BUCKLAND,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, President.

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers, Recorder.

EXHIBIT A.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General STURGIS,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Field:

GENERAL: You will leave the railroad terminus at La Fayette Thursday morning in command of the following troops, viz: Waring's cavalry, 1,500 strong; Winslow's cavalry, 1,800 strong; 6 pieces artillery; all under command of Brigadier-General Grierson. McMillen's brigade, 2,000 strong; Company E, First Illinois Artillery, 4 guns; section Fourteenth Indiana Battery, 2 guns; part of Hoge's brigade and Smith's DIVISION, 1,600; Chapman's battery, 4 guns; Bouton's brigade (colored), 1,200 strong. You will proceed directly to Corinth, via Salem and Ruckersville. After capturing Corinth, and destroying all supplies you cannot carry away, you will march your infantry down [along] the line of the road to Tupelo. Your cavalry force will also march to Tupelo, keeping as near the railroad as practicable. The infantry will be ordered to effectually destroy the railroad as they pass down. Arriving at Tupelo, if it shall be found that General Forrest's main force is not within reach, you will proceed with your entire force as far south

