
ganized and got into very respectable shape. The retreat was continued, pressed rapidly by the enemy. Our ammunition soon gave out; this the enemy soon discovered and pressed the harder. Our only hope now lay in continuing the retreat, which we did, to this place, where we arrived about 7 o'clock this morning.

My losses in material of war were severe, being 16 guns and some 130 wagons. The horses of the artillery and mules of the train we brought away.

As my troops became very greatly scattered and are constantly coming in small parties, I am unable to estimate my loss in killed and wounded; I fear, however, it will prove severe, probably 1,000 or 1,200.

While the battle lasted it was well conducted, and I think the enemy's loss in killed and wounded will not fall short of our own.

This, general, is a painful record, and yet it was the result of a series of unfortunate circumstances over which human ingenuity could have no control. The unprecedented rains so delayed our march across a desert country that the enemy had ample time to accumulate an overwhelming force in our front, and kept us so long in an exhausted region as to so starve and weaken our animals that they were unable to extricate the wagons and artillery from the mud.

So far as I know every one did his duty well, and while they fought no troops ever fought better. The colored troops deserve great credit for the manner in which they stood to their work.

This is a hasty and incoherent outline of our operations, but I will forward a more minute account as soon as the official reports can be received from DIVISION commanders.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXHIBIT C.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 38. Memphis, Tenn., May 31, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XIX. The troops will march to-morrow morning with three days rations, in the following order:

1. Colonel Waring's brigade will leave White's Station at 6 a. m., and will proceed to La Fayette same night.

2. Colonel Winslow's brigade of cavalry will march from Memphis at 6 a. m., and will escort the supply and ammunition trains, and will rest for the night at Collierville. Battery E, First Illinois Light artillery, Battery B, Second Illinois, and one section of Sixth and Fourteenth Indiana and Seventh Wisconsin Batteries each will march at 6 a. m., and proceed to Collierville the same night; the last two will report to Brigadier-General Grierson.

McMillen's and Bouton's brigades and Ninth Minnesota Volunteers will take the cars at 6 a. m., and proceed to La Fayette. Colonel Hoge's brigade and the two regiments of General Kilby Smith's DIVISION will take the cars at 2 p. m., and proceed to La Fayette. All the troops will leave La Fayette on Thursday morning, under the command of Brigadier-General Sturgis.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

