
EXHIBIT D.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 2. Lyles' House, near La Fayette, Tenn., June 2, 1864.

The brigades of infantry accompanying this expedition will constitute a DIVISION, to be commanded by Colonel W. L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Commanding officers of brigades will report to Colonel McMillen for orders without delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXHIBIT E.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mrs. Leake's House, near Salem, Miss., June 5, 1864-1. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION:

GENERAL: You will detail from 300 to 400 select men, well mounted and equipped, to be commanded by a competent officer, to proceed to Rienzi, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, via Ripley, so as to arrive there as soon after daylight to-morrow as possible, with instructions to get what information is possible off the telegraph line, then to destroy it; destroy and Confederate stores that may be there; march north, destroying all bridges and trestle-work they may find along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as far as the Tuscumbia River, including the railroad bridge over that stream near Danville; then, in case the Tuscumbia is not fordable, seize and hold the bridge over that stream on the road leading from Danville to Corinth. In case the river is fordable leave the bridge and hold the ford on the road leading from Kossuth to Corinth. Gain all the information in regard to force at Corinth, and communicate with General Grierson, who will be at come point near Kossuth, or between that point and Ruckersville, on the road, passing by Meeks' Mills.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Reports of Major General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

TUPELO, June 11, 1864.

GENERAL: Major-General Forrest met the enemy yesterday at 10 a. m. six miles WEST of Baldwyn. Fought till 5 p. m., and gained a complete victory, capturing many prisoners and wagon train. The force of enemy estimated at 10,000. The enemy driven ten miles. Our force making for their rear. Our loss quite severe.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.

