
oners, valuable and needed stores in the quartermaster's and ordnance departments, while securing for yourselves a character for endurance, valor, and efficiency which might well excite the envy of the most famous legions in military history. At Fort Pillow you exhibited the same conspicuous gallantry. In the face of a murderous fire from two gun-boats and six pieces of artillery on the fort, you stormed the works and either killed or captured the entire garrison, a motley herd of negroes, traitors, and Yankees. This noble work was accomplished by parts of Chalmers' and Buford's DIVISIONS, composed of Bell's and McCulloch's brigades, commanded by Brigadier-General Chalmers; and for his gallantry on this and other occasions General Chalmers deserves the enduring gratitude of his countrymen. For the exhibitions of high soldierly bearing on these fields you have earned from your country and its government the most grateful and well-deserved plaudits. Congress has voted you complimentary resolutions of thanks and tendered you a nation's homage.

But the crowning glory of your great deeds has yet to be named. Tishomingo Creek is the brightest leaf in your chaplets of laurels. General Grierson, not satisfied with his test of your prowess, united with General Sturgis, at the head of one of the best appointed forces ever equipped by the Yankee nation, complete in infantry, cavalry, artillery, and supply trains. They came forth with threats of vengeance toward you and your commander for the bloody victory of Fort Pillow, made a massacre only by dastardly Yankee reporters. Again you responded bravely to your general's call. You met the enemy and defeated him. Victory was never more glorious, disaster never more heart of your country, with declarations both by negro and white troops of "no quarters to Forrest or his men," he became an enemy beaten, defeated, routed, destroyed. You drove the boasted minions of despotism in confused flight from the battle-field. Seventeen guns, 250 wagons, 3,000 stand of arms, 2,000 prisoners, killed and wounded 2,000 more, are the proud trophies which adorn your triumphant banners. The remainder is still wandering in the bushes and bottoms, forever lost to the enemy. There were not over 3,000 of you who achieved this victory over 10,000 of the enemy. Had you never before raised an arm in your country's cause this terrible overthrow of her brutal foe would entitle you to her deepest gratitude. Again, your general expresses his pride and admiration of your gallantry and wonderful achievements. You stand before the world an unconquerable band of heroes. Whether dismounted, and fighting shoulder to shoulder like infantry veterans, or hurling your irresistible squadrons on the flying foe, you evidence the same courageous bravery.

Soldiers! Amid your rejoicing do not forget the gallant dead upon these field of glory. Many a noble comrade has fallen a costly sacrifice to his country's independence. The most you can do is to cherish their memory and strive to make the future as glorious as you and they have made the past.

To Brigadier-General Buford, commanding DIVISION, my obligations are especially due. His gallantry and activity on the field were ever conspicuous, and for the energy displayed in pursuing the enemy he deserves much of his Government. He had abundant cause to be proud of his brigade commanders, Colonels Lyon and Bell, who displayed great gallantry during the day. Colonel E. W. Rucker was prompt in the discharge of every duty. His brigade displayed conspicuous steadiness during the fight. Colonel Johnston, commanding brigade from General

