
Roddey's command merits notice for his coolness and bravery on this occasion, and for the valuable services rendered by his troops. Nor can the general commanding forget to mention the efficient aid rendered by the artillery, commanded by Captain John W. Morton. He moved rapidly over the roughest ground and was always in action at the right time, and his well-directed fire dealt destruction in the masses of the enemy. The general commanding also takes pleasure in noticing the intelligent alacrity with which Major C. W. Anderson, Captain W. H. Brand, Lieutenants Otey, Donelson, Titus, and Galloway, of my staff, conveyed orders to all parts of the field. They were ever near my person, and were prompt in the discharge of every duty.

Soldiers! You have done much, but there is still work for you to do. By prompt obedience to orders and patient endurance you will be enabled to repeat these great achievements. The enemy is again preparing to break through the living wall erected by your noble bosoms and big hearts. In the name and recollection of ruined homes, desolated fields, and the bleaching bones of your martyred comrades, you are appealed to again. The smoke of your burning homesteads, the screams of your insulted women, and the cries of starving children will again nerve your strong arms with strength. Your fathers of '76 had much to fight for, but how little and unimportant was their cause compared with yours. They fought not against annihilating, but simply to be independent of a foreign yet a constitutional and free Government. You are struggling against the most odious of all tyranny, for existence itself, for your property, your homes, your views, and children, against your own enslavement, against emancipation, confiscation, and subjugation, with all their attendant horrors.

In conclusion, your commanding general congratulates you on the brilliant prospects which every where pervade our cause. The independence of the Confederate States is a fixed, accomplished, immutable fact. The ray of peace is glimmering like bright sunshine around the dark clouds. Be true to yourselves and your country a little while longer and you will soon be enabled to return to your desolated homes, there to collect together once more your scattered household gods.

By order of Major General N. B. Forrest:

C. W. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Return of casualties in the Confederate forces.

[Compiled from nominal list. *]

Command	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men	 Aggregate

THIRD Brigade

Staff	 . . . . .	 . . .	 1	 . . .	 1

 . . 	 . . 	 	 . .

3rd Kentucky	 a 1	 8	 5	 39	 53

7th Kentucky	 b 1	 4	 7	 27	 39

8th Kentucky	 . . . . .	 2	 3	 12	 17

 . .

12th Kentucky	 c 2	 12	 9	 32	 55

Total	 4	 26	 25	 110	 165

a Lieutenant S. B. Edwards.

b Captain R. M. Seay.

c Captain J. J. Wilson and Lieutenant E. P. Nailling.

---------------

*Singed by Surg. J. B. Cowan, chief surgeon Forrest's cavalry department.

---------------

