
from 300 to 400 strong, landed at Greenville, Miss., and marched hastily to Indian Bayou, which they reached at night and there surprised and captured during the night several furloughed soldiers from the Texas cavalry brigade. They also captured 1 of my scouts because of his horse becoming bogged in Black Bayou; we soon afterward captured 1 of the Federals. These men were yesterday exchanged and my man has returned to duty. These Federals captured and carried off a number of mules and negroes from Indian Bayou and a few from Deer Creek. This force consisted of four companies of "land cavalry" sent up from Vicksburg, the rest were cavalry of the marine boats, and the raid was under the command of General Ellet, of the marines. My scouts fought them at every point where an opportunity offered. Indian Bayou is a bayou running nearly parallel with and about fourteen miles east of Bayou Phalia, emptying into Sunflower River at Garvin's Ferry.

Doctor Atkins, a man on Indian Bayou, has papers purporting to be authority from the Confederate Government as an agent to take care of Government cotton, but he has no authority to sell cotton. He has carried to and sold at Beulah, Bolivar County, Miss., about seventy-five bales of cotton; for part of which he received in payment gold at 28 cents per pound, but I have information that for some of it he has received "greenbacks. " I am almost satisfied that his papers are not genuine, and I most respectfully ask to be informed whether he is in fact authorized to do such things as are here reported.

I have heretofore forwarded several reports through General Adams' headquarters.

I have the honor, major, to be your obedient servant,

PERRY EVANS,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

Major ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Major General S. D. Lee's Hdqrs.

JUNE 13-JULY 15, 1864. -Raid from Morristown, Tenn., into North Carolina, and capture (June 28) of Camp Vance.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

Numbers 2. -Captain Robert Morrow, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. -Colonel John B. Palmer, FIFTY-eighth North Carolina Infantry, commanding District of Western North Carolina.

Numbers 4. -Colonel Peter Mallett, commanding North Carolina conscripts.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Captain G. W. Kirk, THIRD North Carolina Volunteer Infantry, has returned to Knoxville from the raid I ordered him to make into Western North Carolina. The fol-

