
lowing is a correct summary of the results of the expedition: He marched with about 130 men from Morristown on the 13th of June, and proceeded via Bull's Gap, Greenville, Tenn., and Crab Orchard to Camp Vance, within six miles of Morganton, N. C. At Camp Vance he met the enemy, routing them, with a loss to them of 1 commissioned officer and 10 men killed; number of wounded unknown. At Camp Vance he destroyed a large quantity of rebel property, including 1 locomotive, in fine order, and 3 cars, the depot and commissary buildings, 1,200 small-arms, with ammunition, and 3,000 bushels grain, besides capturing 277 prisoners, who surrendered with the camp, of which number he succeeded in bringing into Knoxville 132, together with 32 negroes and 48 horses and mules, besides obtaining 40 recruits for his regiment, and perfecting arrangements for others. He did not accomplish the principal object of the expedition-that is, the destruction of the railroad bridge over the Yadkin River; but made arrangements to do this secretly, it being impossible for him to do it by force. The total casualties of his command were 1 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 5 slightly, including Captain Kirk himself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Yours of to-day is received. Please convey to Colonel G. W. Kirk the assurances of my appreciation of the services rendered by him in his late expedition. You may encourage him all you can, more in organizing the element in North Carolina hostile to Jeff. Davis rather than in undertaking those hazardous expeditions. If he could form a series of companies in Western Carolina that could protect each other, and give us the information needed, he would fully earn his compensation and our thanks.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

Captain G. W. KIRK,

THIRD North Carolina Volunteer Infantry:

CAPTAIN: I have received from Captain Morrow, assistant adjutant- general, a report of your operations in the recent expedition into North Carolina, and take pleasure in conveying to you the assurances of Major-General Sherman of his appreciation of the service you have ren-

