
dered our cause, to which I add my own thanks to you, and through you to the officers and men of your command, for the gallant and successful manner in which you have conducted the expedition. Such daring and hazardous expeditions should be undertaken but rarely. You can, in general, render more effective service by organizing the element in North Carolina hostile to Jeff. Davis into a series of scouting companies, who would protect each other, interrupt as much as possible the communications of the enemy, destroy his supply depots, and bring in such information as may be useful to us. Any assistance in my power will be given to enable you to carry out this project.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Robert Morrow, Assistant Adjutant- General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., July 15, 1864.

GENERAL: Captain G. W. Kirk, THIRD North Carolina Volunteer Infantry, has just returned from a highly successful expedition into Western North Carolina. The following is a correct summary of the results of the expedition: He marched with about 130 men from Morristown on the 13th of June, and proceeded, via Bull's Gap. Greeneville, Tenn., and Crab Orchard, to Camp Vance, within six miles of Morganton, N. C. At Broylesville, Tenn., he met the enemy, routing them, with a loss of 1 commissioned officer and 10 men killed; number of wounded unknown. At Camp Vance he destroyed a large quantity of rebel property, including 1 locomotive, in fine order, and 3 cars, the depot and commissary buildings, 1,200 small- arms, with ammunition, and 3,000 bushels grain, besides capturing 277 prisoners, who surrendered with the camp, of which number he succeeded in bringing into Knoxville 132, together with 32 negroes and 48 horses and mules, besides obtaining 40 recruits for his regiment and perfecting arrangements for others. He did not accomplish the principal object of the expedition-that is, the destruction of the railroad bridge over the Yadkin River; but made arrangements to do this secretly, it being impossible for him to do it by force. The total casualties of his command were 1 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 5 slightly, including Captain Kirk himself. The commanding officer at Kingston, Tenn., reports that guerrillas, under Champ Ferguson, drove off a few days since 500 U. S. horses that Captain Fry was pasturing within a few miles of that place, and that the mounted force available was inadequate to their pursuit and recapture. General Ammen reports that orders have been given and that efforts will be made to recover the stock and punish the raiders. The above is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

R. MORROW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Dept. of the Ohio, Hdqrs. in the Field.

