
camp, with instructions to organize and arm the three remaining companies of Junior Reserves at this place. Lieutenant Bullock proceeded to organize them that day, and it being late in the afternoon when the organizations were completed, he postponed arming them, intending to do so next morning, I suppose, apprehending no difficulty on account of the delay; but on the following morning, the 28th instant, ere the sound of reveille hushed in camp, it was resumed by an unknown band, and a squad, under cover of a flag of truce, proceeding to headquarters demanded an unconditional surrender of the camp, by order of Colonel [Captain] Kirk, commanding a detachment of the THIRD Regiment North Carolina Mounted Infantry Volunteers, the same notorious tory and traitor, vagabond and scoundrel, who organized those four companies of thieves and tories at Burnsville, N. C., last April. Lieutenant Bullock seeing his men scattered all around the camp, sent out Lieutenant Hanks to endeavor to make terms of surrender, which Lieutenant Hanks reported that he succeeded in doing, and that the terms were that the respected. The officers present secured their goods and chattels, and then the incendiary's torch was stuck to every building except the hospital, which the surgeons by their blarney and ingenious persuasion saved intact. The officers and men were all taken off under guard, except the surgeons, who d about seventy men, whom they managed to get on the sick list and crowd in the hospital. The surgeons succeeded in saving about all of their supplies, all the cooking utensils of the camp, and extinguished the flames in two double cabins of officers' quarters and one row of privates' cabins. There were 250 bushels of corn burned, about 6,500 pounds of forage, some 1e, and 50 of oats; also some 250 guns and accouterments, a goodly number of which were in bad condition, about 1,500 rounds of ammunition, &amp;c. They burned all the office books and papers and all papers and documents in the quartermaster's and commissary departments. They took off 4 government mules and 4 private horses, leaving the 2 wagons and 1 set of harness. I am not informed as to the amount of commissary stores on hand, though no considerable quantity.

There were some 240 of the Junior Reserves in camp here on the morning of the capitulation besides the officers. The raiding party numbered, so far as I have been able to learn, between 150 and 200 men, being composed of a very few soldiers, some 25 Indians, and the remainder of deserters and tories from Tennessee and Western North Carolina. All of them were armed magnificently, the most of them with Spencer repeating rifles. They released some recusant conscripts and deserters from the guard-house here and armed them immediately. They are retreating and gathering horses and negro men, whom they arm instantly. The home guard and some two companies from the garrison at Salisbury are in pursuit.

I will let you hear from me again soon. The surgeons had sent all the men who were in the hospital home, with orders to report to their respective county enrolling officers, before my arrival. I will have what little they failed to destroy well stored.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your very humble servant,

C. N. ALLEN,

Captain (retired)

Colonel PETER MALLETT,

Comdt. Conscripts for North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.

