
August 6, a scouting party of FIFTY mounted men, commanded by Lieutenant Lebow, of the THIRD Tennessee Cavalry, was attacked by a party of rebels, under Captain Patterson, nine miles from this post, on the Somerville road. The enemy were routed, Captain Patterson wounded, 1 lieutenant mortally wounded, 1 man killed, and 1 taken prisoner; no loss on our side.

August 8,500 cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Prosser, commanding First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, moved out on Moulton road to Pond Springs, to surprise rebel camp at that place. Came upon the retreating column of the enemy at daylight on the morning of the 9th; attacked them, capturing 12 prisoners, including 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, and 1 enrolling officer; also 250 head of fine beef-cattle, 225 sheep, 75 horses and mules, and 150 contrabands; no loss on our side.

The whole number of prisoners of war received and forwarded by the provost-marshal during this time is 68, of which 9 were commissioned officers and 69 enlisted men.

Scouting parties have been kept constantly in the field, scouring the country for a distance of twelve to fifteen miles, and occasionally capturing a few prisoners, who were straggling through the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. C. DOOLITTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant SAMUEL M. KNEELAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northern Alabama.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, August 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

In addition to the within report I have the honor to state the Lieutenant-Colonel Prosser, Second Tennessee Cavalry, in command of a force consisting of detachments from the First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, had just returned from a scout to Moulton. He was attacked last night by a force between 500 and 600 strong, under Colonel Patterson. He repulsed the enemy, killing 15; number of wounded unknown. He captured 1 captain and 10 men, representing six different regiments and battalions. Our loss 1 man missing and 1 slightly wounded. Colonel Prosser brings information that Roddey, who has been absent for some time in the southern part of the State, returned to Moulton the 19th instant. A new regiment, between 300 and 400 strong, is picketing the south side of the river from Whitesburg to some distance above Guntersville.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William F. Prosser, Second Tennessee Cavalry, commanding brigade, of operations August 17-20.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION,Decatur, Ala., August 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor very respectfully to submit the following report of an expedition to Moulton under my command, consisting of

