
Although during the entire route I was frequently fired upon, by day and night, by the enemy from places of concealment, the nature of the country being exceedingly favorable for such operations, my loss was but 1 man seriously wounded and 1 man missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. PROSSER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Fourth Cavalry DIVISION.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Post Decatur, Ala.

JUNE 27, 1864. -Skirmish in Big Cove Valley, Ala.

Report of Captain Robert S. Richart, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., June 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 26th instant I received such information as induced me to believe that Johnson's band of guerrillas was in the Big Cove Valley, six miles northeast of this post. At 5 p. m. I left this post with forty-one men, and, after crossing the mountain by what is known as Franklin's Path, I moved cautiously up the cove till 10 o'clock, when I went into camp. At daybreak we were again on the move, and, after marching about three-quarters of a mile, halted at the creek to water the horses. As I started out with the vanguard we suddenly came upon the enemy under the command of the parson himself, to the number of fifteen, feeding their horses. I immediately attacked them, and, although they occupied a very strong position on ground that was very unfavorable for cavalry to operate upon, yet at the expiration of fifteen minutes' sharp fighting we drove them in confusion, capturing 5 horses and equipments and wounding 3 or 4 of the band. We chased them into the hills near Blevingston Gap, a distance of two miles from the scene of the fight. After eating the breakfast prepared for the band and feeding the horses, I moved down the valley with the captured property, safely arriving at camp at 3. 30 p. m. of the 27th instant.

My loss in the skirmish was, I am sorry to say, 1 man, Private John Twiford, who was mortally wounded at the THIRD volley fired by the enemy; also 1 horse killed and 10 wounded, several seriously.

The men behaved well, with one or two exceptions; much better, indeed, than could be expected of raw troops the first time under fire.

Respectfully submitted.

ROBT. S. RICHART,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel E. ANDERSON,

Commanding Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, Huntsville, Ala.

JUNE 27, 1864. -Affair at Crittenden, Ky.

Report of Colonel Ephraim Ball, One Hundred and sixty-second Ohio Infantry.

COVINGTON, June 27, 1864.

GENERAL: The town of Crittenden has been attacked by twenty rebels, who are said to be gathering a force to capture a wagon train,

16 R R-VOL XXIX, PT I

