
which is now on the pike, a short distance this side of that place. I am called upon for 150 mounted men. Have none. Got infantry. What shall I do in the case?

Respectfully,

E. BALL,

Colonel 162nd Ohio National Guard, Commanding Post.

General BURBRIDGE.

JULY 2, 1864. -Skirmish on the Byhalia (Miss.) Road, south of Collierville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel David B. Henderson, Forty-sixth Iowa Infantry, commanding Post of Collierville.

COLLIERVILLE, July 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 3 this a. m. I sent out a detachment of twenty men from the Seventh Indiana Cavalry southward on the Byhalia road, at a point at about ten miles south of my camp. They were attacked by a force of rebel cavalry, variously estimated at from 100 to 300 men, who drove in our cavalry to within one mile and a half of my camp. As soon as I was informed of the enemy's approach I moved out with 250 of my regiment to a bridge one mile and a half from camp, where I halted and sent out a small detachment of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry, under command of Captain John M. Moore, with the design to draw them into an ambush. Upon the advance of the cavalry the enemy retreated in haste in the direction of Byhalia. It is my opinion that with 200 good cavalry the enemy could be bagged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. HENDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General WASHBURN.

JULY 2-10, 1864. -Expedition from Vicksburg to Pearl River, with skirmishes en route, and engagement (7th) near Jackson, Miss.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Colonel John J. Jones, Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 3. -Lieutenant General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Vicksburg, Miss., July 10, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to reporting that on the 2nd of July I left here with 2,200 infantry, 600 cavalry, and six pieces of artillery, for the purpose of destroying the bridge over Pearl River. We had

