
Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

MERIDIAN, July 7, 1864.

Enemy evacuated Jackson yesterday evening. Brigadier-General Adams fought them yesterday evening and this morning, punishing them severely; they are now in retreat to Vicksburg. Brigadier-General Gholson severely, though not dangerously, wounded. Enemy did no damage in Jackson to railroad or telegraph. Enemy advancing in force from La Grange and Saulsbury toward Ripley; am prepared to meet him; but small force at works in Alabama. Have sent several dispatches to General Smith asking co-operations. No reply.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

JULY 4-24, 1864. -Expedition from Memphis, Tenn., to Grand Gulf, Miss., including skirmishers near Bolivar (6th), at Utica (13th), Port Gibson (14th), and Grand Gulf (16th).

Report of Colonel Joseph Karge', Second New Jersey Cavalry, commanding Detachment First Brigade, Cavalry DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.
HDQRS. DETACH. 1ST Brigadier, CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Steamer Diana, July 24, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the detachment, under my command, of the First Brigade, Cavalry DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

July 4, 1864, left camp at White's Station and marched to Memphis, and there embarked on the steamers J. D. Perry, J. C. Snow, Silver Wave, Madison, Sunny South, Rose Hambleton, Tycoon, and Shenango. July 5, got under way at 11 a. m. and proceeded down the river to Helena, reaching there at dark. Engaged all night in taking on wood. July 6, left Helena at daybreak; reached the mouth of White River at 4 p. m. ; took in wood; resumed the trip at 7 p. m. At 11 p. m. several boats of the fleet were fired into by the enemy from the MISSISSIPPI shore near Bolivar. The fire was promptly returned and the enemy dispersed. One man (Nineteenth Pennsylvania) slightly wounded. July 7, made no stoppages; reached Vicksburg at 5. 30 p. m. Immediately disembarked, and marched out the Jackson road to Clear Creek, eight miles. July 8, broke camp at Clear Creek at 6 a. m. and marched to Big Black. While resting there Major- General Slocum returned from his Jackson expedition. Upon being made acquainted with the object of our expedition he considered it impracticable and ordered us to return to Vicksburg. Marched to the Four-Mile Bridge, on the Vicksburg, Jackson, and Brandon Railroad, and encamped. Distance marched, twenty-four miles. July 9, encamped at Four-Mile Bridge; received orders from General Slocum that p. m. to report with my command at Big Black on the following day. July 10, broke camp at 4 a. m . and marched to Big Black and reported to Brigadier-General Ellet, commanding cavalry forces. Distance marched, fourteen miles. July 11, broke camp at 4 a. m. and marched, via Edwards Station, to Auburn. Distance, twenty-four miles. July 12, broke camp at 4 a. m. and marched to Utica. Light skirmishing all day. Distance, twelve miles. July 13, broke camp at 12 m. and marched three miles southwest of

