
Numbers 45. -Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army.

Numbers 46. -Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding First DIVISION, Forrest's Cavalry.

Numbers 47. -Brigadier General Abraham Buford, C. S. Army, commanding Second DIVISION.

Numbers 48. -Colonel Edward Crossland, Seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.

Numbers 49. -Colonel Gustavus A. C. Holt, THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 50. -Captain S. Paine Ridgway, THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 51. -Captain Joel T. Cochran, Seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 52. -Lieutenant Colonel A. R. Shacklett, Eighth Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 53. -Major Thomas S. Tate, Jr., Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 54. -Captain H. A. Tyler, Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.

Numbers 55. -Colonel Tyree H. Bell, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 56. -Colonel Hinchie P. Mabry, THIRD Texas Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 57. -Lieutenant Colonel Thomas T. Barnett, THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry, commanding dismounted men.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, commanding District of WEST Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 7, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose the official report of Major General A. J. Smith, in regard to his late expedition into MISSISSIPPI in pursuit of the command of Major-General Forrest. I also inclose the reports of the subordinate commanders, Generals Mower and Grierson and Colonels Bouton and Moore. The result of this expedition has been most satisfactory, and has thoroughly retrieved the disaster to Brigadier-General Sturgis. Information gathered from various sources, since the battles near Tupelo, confirms the report of Major-General Smith in regard to the losses of the enemy. His power has bene very greatly impaired by these battles. In addition to the great number of killed and wounded, the country has been filled with deserters and stragglers from the enemy endeavoring to get home. The fact that rations gave out so soon, thus compelling the troops to fall back, was unfortunate, as otherwise the enemy would no doubt have suffered much more. I ordered that a supply of rations for a campaign of twenty days should be taken. They gave out in ten days. General Smith explains why his supply of bread gave out so suddenly. My orders to Major- General Smith were to bring Forrest to bay and whip him if possible, and at all events to hold him where he was and prevent him from moving upon the communications of Major-General Sherman. The object was handsomely accomplished. All accounts represent the conduct of officers and men as being splendid, and to Major-General Smith, commanding the expedition, and his DIVISION commanders, Generals Mower and Grierson and Colonels Bouton and Moore, and, indeed, to all officers and men who took part in the expedition, are the thanks of the country due. I refer to the sub-reports for the part taken by the different commands.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee.

