
appeared from our front. I did not attempt to pursue them any farther, as my command was well night exhausted with the march of nineteen miles and the fighting of the day before; in fact, it would have been useless to pursue mounted infantry with troops on foot under any circumstances.

On the morning of the 15th the enemy again appeared in our front. I awaited their attack, but finding that they were not disposed to approach within musket shot, with the exception of their skirmishers, I moved upon them and drove them about two miles, when they again took to their horses and fled. I then followed the THIRD DIVISION, which had already moved out on the Ellistown road. A brigade of cavalry formed the rear guard. I arrived at the camp on Old Town Creek, and was there met by a staff officer of the general commanding the expedition, who directed that my DIVISION should pass by the THIRD and encamp in advance of them. Just as my rear brigade had crossed the creek and passed through the bottom on the north side of it, several shells were suddenly dropped into the camp by the enemy, who, it seems, had driven in our cavalry the moment the infantry had crossed the creek. I was directed by Major- General Smith to take a brigade and drive the enemy back. I moved the First Brigade immediately back, forming them in line of battle. I attacked the enemy and drove them about two miles. Colonel McMillens' brigade behaved most gallantly, and were led by him, he riding in advance of them and cheering them on. After the enemy had been driven, I withdrew my troops and ordered them into camp, leaving the position to be held by Colonel Moore, commanding the THIRD DIVISION.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both officers and men in the several engagements.

I regret to have to report the loss of Colonel Wilkin, of the Ninth Minnesota, commanding Second Brigade, who, although he had been with the command but a short time had already endeared himself to both officers and men by his high-toned bearing and gentlemanly conduct.

I inclose herewith a sketch* of the battle-field and reports of brigade commanders.

A list of casualties has already been forwarded to you. +

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the part taken by this command in the late expedition to Tupelo, Miss.,

---------------

* To appear in the Atlas.

+ Embodied in table, p. 254.

---------------

