
under Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

The composition and strength of this brigade was as follows:

Command. 	 Officers. 	 Men.

72nd Ohio Veteran Infantry, Major E. A.	 13	 221

Rawson commanding.

95th Ohio Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel 	 10	 211

J. Brumback commanding.

114th Illinois Infantry, Captain B. C.	 14	 283

Berry commanding.

93rd Indiana Infantry, Captain C. A.	 13	 196

Hubbard commanding.

10th Minnesota Infantry, Lieutenant 	 32	 634

Colonel S. P. Jennison commanding.

Section Company E, First Illinois	 1	 44

Artillery, Lieutenant O. W. Cram

commanding.

Total. . . . . . . . 	 83	 1,589

The troops were embarked on cars at the depot of the memphis and Charleston Railroad on the morning of the 22nd of June, and proceeded to Grissom's Bridge, where they camped for the night, and the following day marched to Moscow, where they remained several days, and moved to La Grande. On the 5th instant we left the latter place, camping for the night at Davis' Mills, and the following day took up the line of march in a southeasterly direction toward the mobile and Ohio Railroad, reaching the vicinity of Pontotoc, Miss., without incident worthy of note, on the morning of the 11th instant. Here the enemy was supposed to be in some force, and this brigade was deployed, with its left resting on the main toad, and moved for some distance in line. Ascertaining that the enemy had abandoned the place, and that General Grierson was already in possession of Pontotoc, the brigade was moved by the left flank through the town and camped on a small stream near it, where it remained until the morning of the 13th instant, when we again moved in the direction of Tupelo. During the afternoon of this day I was furiously assailed near Camargo Cross-Roads, on the right flank, taking my troops by surprise. The Seventy-second and ninety-fifth Ohio and One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry were quickly formed in line, gallantly charging the enemy and driving him in confusion from the field. In this engagement (as I afterward learned with the whole of Bell's rebel brigade) I was promptly assisted by the Second Iowa Battery, Lieutenant Reed commanding, whose promptness and gallantry cannot be too highly praised. I am also indebted to Colonel Wilkin, then commanding the Second Brigade, for prompt assistance in sending to my relief the Ninth Minnesota Infantry, who did effective service. The officers and men of that portion of my command engaged deserve commendation for the gallantry with which they met the enemy and the handsome manner in which he was repulsed and driven. My loss in this affair was about 35 officers and men killed and wounded. The brigade them moved to Harrisonburg, near Tupelo, and camped for the night.

The next morning, the 14th instant the troops were under arms at 3 a. m., my brigade in reserve on the extreme right and rear of our position, and, with the exception of the Tenth Minnesota Infantry, it was not engaged in the battle on that day.

On the morning of the 15th the regiments composing the brigade were moved about the field into various positions, and although at times subjected to a heavy artillery fire from the enemy, were not brought into immediate contact with him.

In the movement northward from Tupelo, on the 15th instant, my brigade had the rear of the entire infantry column, and was the last to leave the battle-field. We marched some five miles without molesta-

