
General Morgan, when he learned the tide of battle had turned against him, and ignominiously fled with his choicest troops in the direction of Claysville, I ordered Colonel Garrard, with his brigade, as being the freshest troops, to pursue and give the enemy no rest, which other he obeyed, pressing Morgan so closely he had to release all the prisoners he had taken from General Hobson, after giving them an informal parole, and again, at Flemingsburg, compelling him to abandon the greater part of his transportation, together with his sick and wounded. Colonel Garrard continued to pursue until the enemy entered the mountains, when he turned back, farther pursuit being useless. After several hours' rest at Cynthiana I ordered Colonel Hanson to move with his brigade through Carlisle and Mount Sterling, and then so dispose his forces as to scatter and capture as many of the retreating enemy as possible. About night-fall that evening (Sunday, June 12) I ordered the remainder to move to Lexington by way of Georgetown, it being evident the enemy was completely demoralized, and would make no further decisive stand. I placed the prisoners for safe conduct under charge of Colonel John Mason Brown, who had in the course of the morning rejoined me at Cynthiana. I reached my headquarters at Lexington June 13, having been absent just three weeks; in which time I had chased, overtaken, and whipped the redoubtable Morgan in two battles, one upon ground on his own choosing.

It is impossible for me to give an even approximately accurate statement of the loss of the enemy, as the dead and mortally wounded at Mount Sterling and the killed, drowned, and wounded at Cynthiana continued to be gathered up for two or three weeks after those fights, and stragglers and concealed men of Morgan's command are being continually discovered and forwarded even to this day.

Of the loss of my immediate command I append the total of the brigade reports of killed, wounded, and missing. For all further particulars of the action of the various brigades allow me to respectfully refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders, which are herewith forwarded. You will also find the report of the proceeding of Captain Julius Fosses, inspector of cavalry on my staff, who, stationed at Louisville, was very energetic in fitting out troops for defensive operations, and scouting parties to observe and harass the enemy.

I cannot conclude without acknowledging with sincere thanks my obligations to Generals Carrington and Heintzelman for the prompt assistance rendered to my defenseless district in its hour of need. And I should be ungrateful did I neglect to mention the hearty co- operation of officers and men in all my designs, and their unmurmuring, even cheerful, endurance of privation, fatigue, and toil in one of the most arduous marches of the war. To my staff officers are especially due ardent praise and heartfelt thanks for their unwavering fidelity to important trusts, and unhesitating and self-denying discharge of difficult and oftentimes dangerous duties during the march and upon the field of battle.

With this brief and imperfect report of the operations of the First DIVISION of my command,

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding District of Kentucky.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio.

