
tion to Town Creek, where we found the train parked and the column halted. The rear regiment of my brigade had just crossed the creek, when a sharp attack was made upon the cavalry rear guard, which was driven hastily and in confusion from the field and through my ranks, the enemy advancing rapidly in large force, plating a battery, the shell from which reached the train. I at once formed the Seventy-second Ohio, Ninety-fifth Ohio, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, and Ninety-THIRD Indiana Infantry in line, put Battery E into position, and by direction of Brigadier General J. A. Mower, commanding DIVISION, charged the enemy, who was then within close range, driving the cavalry in great confusion before him. The Tenth Minnesota Infantry, being in advance, did not reach the point of formation in time to charge with us, bur afterward joined us on the field. Notwithstanding the confusion occasioned by a large number of led horses and demoralized cavalrymen passing through my ranks, the heavy artillery fire of the enemy, and a stampeded train, my line did not for a moment falter, but moved as rapidly and regularly forward as the nature of the ground over which we passed would permit. Getting through the cavalry and seeing nothing but the enemy before us, the order to charge was given, and, with a loud cheer, my men dashed forward, driving the enemy, who was in superior force and commanding position, from the field.

I cannot praise too highly the conduct of the officers and men of the regiments making the charge. They all nobly and bravely performed their duty. Captain B. C. Berry, commanding One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, received a wound which compelled him to retire from the field. Major Eugene A. Rawson, commanding Seventy-second Ohio Veteran Infantry, received a wound from which he has since died. In the death of Major Rawson the army and the country have sustained an irreparable loss. Young, accomplished, and possessed of that chivalrous nature which leads to deeds of high daring, he gave promise of rising to positions of honor and usefulness. The idol of his regiment and beloved by this entire command, his death has caused a void which will never be filled. He fell at the head of his command in the fierce tempest of battle, leaving an example worthy the emulation of the bravest, and a name which his country and friends will be honored in cherishing. To Captain S. N. Shoup, who succeeded Captain Berry in command of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, and Captain Snyder, who assumed command of the Seventy-second Ohio Infantry after Major Rawson was wounded, too much praise cannot be awarded for their personal gallantry and the able, effective manner in which they handled their commands. Captain James Kilbourne, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, on the skirmish line, and Captain S. Elliott, Ninety- THIRD Indiana Infantry, were conspicuous for their efficiency and daring.

From this time until we reached our camps at Memphis, on the 22nd instant, nothing of special interest occurred. The march home was fatiguing, owing to the heat, dust, and scanty supply of water and provisions.

Captain J. Fernald, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry, picket officer; Lieutenant O. H. Abel, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. J. Barber, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry, and T. Livings, Ninety-THIRD Indiana Infantry, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Hosmer, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, acting assistant inspector- general, composing the staff of this brigade, deserve special mention for their devotion to duty and the coolness and bravery with which they conducted themselves in action. It affords me pleasure to recommended them for favorable notice, and as officers worthy of promotion.

