
and for the balance of the expedition the command devolved upon Captain Samuel N. Shoup, after which the regiment was not engaged in any operations of particular note.

In conclusion, I wish to bear testimony to the gallant bearing of both officers and men. Although the personal bravery and efficiency of many is worthy of special mention, yet where all so nobly did their duty to particularize would be unjust.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. C. BERRY,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel W. l. McMILLEN,

Commanding First Brigade, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Charles A. Hubbard, Ninety-THIRD Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-THIRD INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Memphis, Tenn., July 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-THIRD Regiment in the late expedition:

On the morning of the 22nd of June left Memphis by railroad to Grissom's Bridge and encamped. On 23rd marched to Moscow. Left Moscow 28th; marched to La Grande, Tenn. Left La Grande on the 5th of July, marching in a southerly direction, passing through Ripley, and arrived at Pontotoc on July 12 in morning and encamped.

On the morning of the 13th resumed our march in a northeasterly direction. In the afternoon, hearing heavy firing in our rear, my regiment being in advance of the brigade, we were ordered forward to guard THIRD DIVISION train. Two companies detailed to guard our brigade train marched about five miles, when we found THIRD DIVISION Battery on the extreme right of the line, where we remained until daylight of the 14th, when ordered by General Mower to moved in rear of the Sixth Indiana Battery, with my left resting on the road. We remained in this position until ordered by Colonel McMillen to support Waterhouse's battery, where we remained about one hour under a heavy fire of the enemy; then ordered by Colonel McMillen across the road, on the extreme right of the road, where we remained until the fire of the enemy ceased, without a chance to fire a gun at the enemy. In the afternoon we were ordered, with the Tenth Minnesota, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jennison, to guard the train. We took our position south of the train in the woods; sent two companies on picket and remained during the night of the 4th.

On the morning of the 15th the enemy advanced and skirmishing commenced by our pickets, under command of Lieutenant Neel, Company I, supposed on the right by the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, when the enemy driven back; when ordered by Colonel McMillen to change our position to that occupied by us in the morning, where we formed on the right of the Second Brigade, with orders, of heavy firing was heard in our front, to move and support Waterhouse's battery, where we remained until ordered to the extreme front, and took our position

