
on the left of the brigade, when we fixed bayonets and ordered, in case the enemy charged our lines, to move across the road, and hold the road at all hazards. sent two companies out as skirmishers, under command of Captain William Lamb, Company K, when the enemy opened fire on us with shell, without doing any damage, when I was ordered to withdraw from the field. Captain Berry, commanding One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, and myself were ordered to protect the rear, my regiment being in the extreme rear, three companies marching in rear of Waterhouse's battery, the remainder of my regiment marching in two ranks on each side of the battery, in which position we continued until we arrived at Old Town Creek, my men overmuch fatigued, it being very hot and dusty. The first intimation we had of the enemy was a shell bursting in the rear of our regiment, when we immediately formed in the forks of the road, the Fourth Iowa Cavalry falling back and passing through our line, saying that they did not fight on foot, when we were ordered forward, crossing Old Town Creek four times before meeting the enemy, which we found on the right of the road in a stubble field, when we were ordered to charge, which we did, driving the enemy before us, passing over the enemy's eing considerably in advance of the line, I discovered the enemy on our left flank and in front of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois. I ordered an oblique fire to the left, the enemy falling back on the road, positing themselves behind a fence in our front, when we charged them and drove them from their position, killing and wounding numbers of them and taking a few prisoners, which were taken charge of by the THIRD Iowa Cavalry, the enemy retreating in utter confusion, breaking their guns, pursued by our regiment until ordered to halt by General Mower, at the crest of the hill, no enemy to be seen - our loss being 6 men slightly wounded and 6 sunstruck - when we were ordered into camp by Colonel McMillen, where we arrived at dark, both officers and men being worn down with fatigue, all having done their duty well.

On the morning of the 16th took up line of march for La Grange, by the way of Salem, nothing of importance occurring. We arrived at La Grange on the 21st and took the cars for Memphis in the afternoon. Arrived at Memphis on the 22d.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. A. HUBBARD,

Captain, Commanding Ninety-THIRD Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel W. L. McMILLEN,

Commanding First Brigadier, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel P. Jennison, Tenth Minnesota Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MINNESOTA INFANTRY,Memphis, Tenn., July 23, 1864.

I have the honor to report the operations of my command during the late expedition under Major General A. J. Smith to Tupelo, Miss.:

The regiment, which has been detained upon provost duty, left La Grange on the afternoon of the 5th instant to join the rest of the brigade.

