
On the 13th instant the regiment was formed to resist the flank attack of the enemy made near the creek, about --- miles from Tupelo, on the road Thither from Pontotoc. One company (Company F, Captain George T. White commanding) was thrown forward as skirmishers, who become engaged on the left of the advanced line, and to whose support Company K, Captain O'Connor, was afterward dispatches, but the rest of the regiment took no other part than to change position as support several times, and to endure the harmless shelling of the enemy's artillery.

during the engagement of two hours and a half, on the 14th instant, we were on the left of the First Brigade, which formed the right of our semicircular line. Two companies, A and E, were throughout absent upon picket duty. Company C, Captain Hopson, was deployed to cover our front, and was often engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy. The regiment, although much exposed, was held in reserve until the last advance of the enemy, when Colonel McMillen directed me to swing my regiment around upon its left, temporarily disconnecting its right from the rest of the line, so as to extend the line that was hitherto engaged by the length of my battalion. Their new position was concealed from the enemy by the crest of a ridge, upon which Mueller's battery of Rodman guns had been excellent service. I awaited the enemy until I was satisfied I could reach them with the fire of my riflemen, when the regiment rose as one man, developing a line of greater extent to their left than the enemy had yet seen, and gave them a volley, which was the last they waited to receive that day. They turned in utter rout and our victorious line was ordered forward. Presently my regiment was recalled by order of General Mower. The evening and night following I was ordered directly by Major-General Smith to guard the rear of the train, the hospitals, and the road to Tupelo, along which it was expected the enemy would make an attempt.

On the 15th the Tenth Minnesota was again sent in as a reserve, taking position by the direct order of General Mower. Upon the afternoon of that day, when the enemy attacked us just as we were arriving in camp, my regiment had been the leading one on the march, and was therefore the last to receive the order to return to attack the enemy. The regiment returned immediately, under the guidance of a staff officer of the brigade commander, but only to be ordered to return to camp, the other regiments of the brigade having gallantly driven the enemy for about two miles.

I have no other circumstances to mention wherein my regiment bore any special part. Although commonly held in reserve in the engagement, it was often in very trying positions.

I can only say of the behavior of my officers and men that it is all I could desire. They promptly moved whenever and wherever ordered, and they remained until ordered away. I had about 400 men in line on the 14th and over 500 on the 15th.

My loss was 1 killed and 20 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. JENNISON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Minnesota Infantry.

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General, Minnesota.

