
Missouri were ordered out on the right of the train to protect it from an attack on that side, and remained in that position until the following day. It was after placing these two regiments in position that Colonel Wilkin went forward to attend to the half of the brigade, and was killed upon reaching the right of his line, a minie-ball passing through his body from the left side to the right. Upon hearing of his death, I assumed command of the brigade, and after throwing out skirmishers in front of the corral, and my line on the right of the teams, I rode forward in time to take out the Ninth Minnesota and detachments of Fifth Minnesota and eighth Wisconsin, when the rebels were driven back. We remained in our position that night, a night attack being expected. The Second Iowa Battery, Lieutenant Reed commanding, had been placed in an exposed position during the entire battle, but had kept up their fire and held their position during the hottest of the firing in a manner most praiseworthy and highly commendable.

The morning of the 15th, while making preparations to march, the enemy were seen to be advancing, and, by order of General Mower, the Fifth Minnesota and Eighth Wisconsin and Ninth Minnesota were thrown out to the earth-works on the left of the THIRD Brigade, the detachments occupying the works, while the Ninth was thrown to the left and rear of them, protecting the left flank. Our skirmishers on the extreme left were not driven in, but were under very heavy fire. Those immediately in front were driven in and some sharp firing was kept up until the charge was ordered, when the rebels fled and only an occasional shot was fired. Meantime, the remainder of the brigade had been ordered forward and placed in position with the brigade. One section of the Second Iowa Battery was brought forward also, and shelled the rebels in their retreat. After remaining here some time, we were ordered to take up the line of march; nothing further occurred during our march to La Grange.

The behavior of both officers and men of this brigade was soldierly, and all orders were obeyed cheerfully and promptly. Much praise is due to them, and especially to the Second Iowa Battery, Lieutenant Reed commanding, for the manner in which his battery was handled and with good effect during the entire engagement.

Killed, wounded, and missing, 35.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. McCLURE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah F. Marsh, Ninth Minnesota Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Memphis, Tenn., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battles of the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant, near Tupelo, Miss.:

On the 13th instant, while on the march from Pontotoc toward Tupelo, late in the afternoon, the enemy in strong force attacked our right flank,

