
On the morning of the 15th of July the Thirty-THIRD Missouri and Seventh Minnesota were in line on the right of the Pontotoc road, the Twelfth Iowa and Thirty-fifth Iowa on the left of said road, all behind temporary breast-works. In this position the brigade was ordered to remain concealed and to reserve their fire until the enemy arrived to within FIFTY yards of our lines. The enemy advancing opened a warm fire on us, but at length it becoming evident that he would not charge our lines or advance to the prescribed distance, a charge was ordered by the general commanding the DIVISION. The men charged with a will, when the enemy fled precipitately. During the action we lost from the Twelfth Iowa, 1 man killed and 2 men wounded; in Seventh Minnesota, 1 officer killed and 4 men wounded; in the Thirty-THIRD Missouri, 1 man killed and 14 men wounded; in the Thirty-fifth Iowa, 1 man killed. The heat was intense and there were some cases of sunstroke.

During these various actions the regimental commanders, Colonel Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa; Colonel Marshall, Seventh Minnesota; Lieutenant-Colonel Heath, Thirty-THIRD Missouri; and Lieutenant- Colonel Stibbs, Twelfth Iowa Volunteers, displayed the utmost coolness and bravery, and discharged all their duties with alacrity. In this they were well sustained by the field and line officers of their command, whilst the men proved themselves worthy of the highest praise for their heroic conduct. Acting Brigade Surg. S. W. Huff was very faithful and efficient in his duties with the wounded.

I return my thanks to the remembers of my staff, Lieuts. H. Hoover, N. E. Duncan, R. M. Reed, and L. F. Creitz for the aid they rendered me in the performance of their duties, though at times I was deficient in aid on the field in consequence of staff being physically unable to perform the needed services.

During these various actions the brigade lost: Officers - killed,3; wounded, 3. Enlisted men - killed, 21; wounded, 167; missing, 3. Total loss, 197.

At 2 p. m. of the 15th of July the brigade moved out on the Ellistown road, going into camp at 5 p. m., about six miles from the battle-field. With no further engagement with the enemy we arrived at La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

Besides this loss in the above actions the following casualties occurred during the expedition: July 8, in Thirty-THIRD Missouri, 1 enlisted man wounded by accident (since died); in Thirty-fifth Iowa, 1 enlisted man wounded by accident; July 20, in Seventh Minnesota, 1 man wounded by accident, and 1 man missing on the march since July 11.

Respectfully submitted.

J. J. WOODS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Stibbs, Twelfth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH IOWA INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the action taken by the Twelfth Regiment Iowa Infantry Veteran Volun-

