
teers in the actions near Tupelo, Miss., on the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant:

On the 13th instant, at about 2 p. m., while marching as guard for the supply train and support for Mueller's Sixth Indiana Battery, we were heavily attacked on our right flank by Mabry's MISSISSIPPI brigade, at a point on the road where the timber and underbrush were so dense as to make it almost impossible to maneuver the men. Having learned by my flankers the point at which the enemy were striking, I moved my command so as to meet their front fairly, and then as nearly as possible concealed my men in the brush and awaited the attack. We allowed the enemy to advance without firing a shot until within twenty paces, when we suddenly poured a sweeping volley full in their ranks. This threw them into confusion, and after a sharp fight of twenty minutes we drove them from our front with heavy loss. Their colors were left on the ground, but we failed to secure them as we were compelled to march to support the battery. They were subsequently picked up by the Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry. Our loss during this action was 1 man killed, 1 officer and 11 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

On the morning of the 14th instant, at Tupelo, in accordance with instructions from your headquarters, I posted my command on the right of the Pontotoc road, forming the extreme left of the First DIVISION, and was supported by the seventh Minnesota Infantry. In front of and running parallel with our line was a heavy rail fence, which we threw down in such a manner as to form a good protection against small-arms. My regiment was the first to receive the enemy's attack, and we held our position, under a heavy fire, for about two hours, when our ammunition became exhausted; we were ordered to the rear, and our place taken by the Seventh Minnesota Infantry. companies E and H having been furnished with ammunition were allowed to remain at the front, and were thus kept constantly engaged during the entire action. After a rest of about forty-five minutes, and receiving a fresh supply of ammunition, we again moved forward and took position in front, where we remained until ordered to charge, when we moved forward on the double-quick, driving the enemy from our front and capturing a number of prisoners. Our loss during the day was 1 officer and 6 men killed and 39 men wounded. We constructed during the engagement over 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The men of my command behaved nobly, and as an evidence of the cool, deliberate, and accurate manner in which our fire was delivered, I would refer you to the greater number of the enemy's dead that were strewn in front of the line occupied by my regiment. Lieutenant A. A. Burdick, acting regimental quartermaster, who was killed, had been ordered to the rear with his train; but after seeing his wagons properly parked, he came to the front and volunteered to assist in bringing forward ammunition. While thus engaged he was struck by a shell and instantly killed.

On the morning of the 15th instant my regiment was assigned a position to the left of the Pontotoc road, and formed the left center of the brigade line. We had a substantial breast-work of cotton bales formed in our front, which served as an admirable protection against the enemy's sharpshooters. We took full part in the fight and charge of the day, losing 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

Our loss during the three days' fighting was 1 officer and 8 men killed, 1 officer and 54 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

My command numbered in the first day's fight 295 muskets, on the second day 250, and on the THIRD day about 200.

