
I cannot consistently make particular mention of any members of the regiment as every man was at his post and all conducted themselves in a creditable manner.

In inclose herewith a list of the casualties for the three days.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. STIBBS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infty.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, THIRD Brigadier, First Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Sylvester G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor od submitting the following report of the operations of the Thirty-fifth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry for July 13, 14, and 15:

The regiment being in the advance of the brigade on the 13th, I was ordered to guard the Second Brigade teams. At 4. 30 p. m. we received a volley of musketry from the enemy on our right flank. I immediately halted the regiment and formed in line of battle, and sent forward a line of skirmishers some 500 yards in advance of the regiment. The enemy had retreated. After waiting some fifteen minutes I returned to the road and started on with the train. I was immediately ordered by General Mower to fall back and occupy my former position in the timber. In a few minutes I was ordered to move down the road about half a mile. Soon after I received orders to move up the road as guard to the Sixth Indiana Battery. No casualties during the day.

On the 14th I was ordered to take position on the right of the brigade to support the Second Iowa Battery; we occupied this position until 9. 30 a. m., were we received a severe fire from the enemy. Then I received orders to advance in line of battle on the enemy. After advancing some 500 yards we halted, where we found many dead and wounded rebels, also a large number of arms, which we destroyed. At 10. 15 a. m. I received orders to move off by the left flank and retire to our former position, leaving companies K and C as skirmishers. Killed, 4; wounded, 22.

On the 15th I received orders to take a position on the left of the Twelfth Iowa in rear of a barricade thrown up by the THIRD DIVISION. remained in this position till 9. 30 a. m., when we were ordered to fix bayonets and charge the enemy, which was done on earnest by the men and officers, but no enemy was found in force. After advancing some three-quarters of a mile I was ordered to halt and rest the men. At 11 a. m. I was ordered to retire and take my regular position in the brigade. Killed, 1; wounded, 10. The following is the list of casualties for the 13th, 14th, and 15th of July, 1864. *

Your obedient servant,

S. G. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant Henry HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 enlisted men killed and 32 enlisted men wounded; total, 37.

---------------

