
my line to the right. The enemy's dead were strewn thick on the field before us. His line had fallen back, and after we had advanced a THIRD of a mile, and remained perhaps an hour, we returned. We built a better breast-work, which did us good service the next day, out of the old fence behind which we had fought. Two companies, B and F, were sent out in our front half a miles as a picket. These were relieved at night by Companies D, A, and C. The remaining companies occupied the line of breast-works the remainder of the day and night of the 14th and during the attack of the 15th, constituting the first line of our brigade. When the enemy drove in our cavalry the morning of 15th and advanced upon us we were ordered to fix bayonets and reserve fire until the enemy should get within FIFTY yards, then to rise up, fire and charge upon him. The enemy came to the crest of the ridge, 200 yards in front of us, from under cover of which and the woods on our right and the trees bordering the road on our left, for about three-quarters of an hour, he poured a heavy fire upon us. The men lay close to the ground behind our low breast-works and were protected. It became evident that the enemy would not advance farther, and we were ordered, with the entire brigade, to charge out on him. This was done with a shut, but the enemy got out of the way faster than we could pursue. The line halted half a mile out, and Companies E and I of my regiment advanced as skirmishers. Lieutenant Hardy, commanding Company E, a most gallant fellow, was killed in this skirmish line. The enemy had withdrawn, and we were ordered to join he column that had then taken up the line of march on the return. The regiment was not again under fire. The fire of my right companies, E and I, cut down a flag of the enemy that was picked up by the Thirty-THIRD Missouri, the latter first passing over the ground to my right where the flag lay.

I gladly testify to the firmness and courage of every officer and man of the regiments. My acknowledgments are specially due Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, Major Burt, and Adjutant Trader (the latter disabled by sunstroke in the charge on 14th) for gallant and efficient service on the field. Surgeons Ames and Mattock were active and faithful in performance of their appropriate duties. Regiment Quartermaster Bolcom brought forward ammunition, rendering every necessary service in his line. Chaplain Edwards was diligent in caring for the wounded.

A report of casualties has heretofore been furnished you, viz, 2 officers and 7 men killed, 52 enlisted men wounded (1 since died), and 1 missing in action. On southward march, July 11, 1 man was missing, and on return march, July 20, 1 man severely wounded by accidental discharge of gun, making total casualties on expedition 64.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. MARSHALL,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Minnesota Infantry.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, THIRD Brigadier, First Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath, Thirty-THIRD Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-THIRD Missouri Infantry in the skirmish of the 13th in-

18 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT I

