
stant and the battles of the 14th and 15th instant, at and near Tupelo, Miss.:

On the morning of the 13th the regiment was ordered to move in rear of Thirty-fifth Iowa, and was followed by the Seventh Minnesota and Twelfth Iowa, the two latter being disposed upon the flank of the general supply train. During the forenoon the train of THIRD Brigade was ordered to move between the Thirty-fifth Iowa and Thirty-THIRD Missouri, and I received orders to hold my regiment in readiness to repel an attack of the enemy upon the right flank. Shortly afetrward an attack was made upon the Thirty-fifth Iowa in front of me, and that regiment charged the enemy at once, driving him from the position he had assumed. Immediately afterward another body of the enemy attacked the Seventh Minnesota and Twelfth Iowa directly in my rear, but not apparently in great force. I immediately ordered Company C, Captain campbell, out to skirmish the woods upon the right flank, and while arranging to meet an attack on my line, or to move back to support, if necessary, the regiments of the brigade engaged, I received orders from Colonel Woods, commanding brigade, to move forward at once with the train, this order being succeeded directly by an order to move double-Quick and get the train as far on as possible. I had moved less than half a mile when orders overtook me to halt by the roadside and allow the train to pass, this order being succeeded by another to move back double-quick to the aid of the brigade. This last order was countermanded before there was time to execute it, and I was again ordered to move forward. Arriving at a line of battle composed of troops of the Second Brigade, I was ordered by General Mower, commanding DIVISION, to move into position on the right of Second Brigade. Afterward, when the column again moved forward, I was ordered to report back to THIRD Brigade. No further attack was made during the march upon my portion of the line. Casualties report this day: Wounded, 1; missing, 1; total, 2.

On the morning of 14th instant, at about 7 o'clock, I received orders to form the regiment in rear of Seventh Minnesota, at right angles with the line of that regiment, and act as a reserve. At about 8 o'clock the enemy made a general attack upon our lines, moving line to attack a commanding position on my right, held by the Fourth Brigade, evidently designing to turn our right and gain possession of the main road in our rear. My line was at right angles with the line of Fourth Brigade, and completely enfiladed the advancing force of the enemy, which was permitted to come within short range, when I opened upon from cover simultaneously with Fourth Brigade, my men lying flat upon the ground and suffering but slight loss. The enemy was effectually broken by the concentrated fire, and fled in confusion, our fire following them for from 500 to 700 yards. In a very few minutes a new and much stronger line was observed forming in front of the same position, and notwithstanding this line was within short range of our artillery and constantly shelled from the time it was developed, it compelled its formation and advanced to the assault in gallant style. As before, our musketry fire was held until the enemy came to within 200 or 300 yards, when several volleys were delivered with excellent effect, followed by a general charge of our entire line. The enemy's last line was destroyed, and he retreat in the greatest confusion, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. William J. McKee, commanding Company D, was ordered to deploy his company as skirmishers to cover a gap left between the Twelfth Iowa and Thirty-THIRD Missouri, and came upon a party of the enemy's sharpshooters, whom

