
he charged and drove from cover, killing and wounding several of them, and capturing a rebel color (supposed to have belonged to the Sixth Mississippi), which the enemy were endeavoring to recover from the hand of their dead color bearer. Casualties of the regiment: Killed, 1; wounded, 18; total, 19.

On the morning of the 15th I received orders to form the same front as on the 14th, but about 100 yards to the left of my previous position, and to reserve fire until the enemy arrived within FIFTY yards. At about 9. 30 a. m. the cavalry, who had been skirmishing in our front, retired to the rear of our lines, followed by the enemy's skirmishers, who took advantageous positions at 75 and 100 yards, and kept up a continual fire upon such of our men as were exposed, their main line advancing to position for a charge under their cover. At this moment a heavy volley from the Fourth Brigade, which occupied the same position to my line as on the previous day, gave warning of our strength and position to the enemy, who immediately commenced to withdraw his main line, at the same time advancing his skirmishers, who opened a hotter fire than before. Perceiving that the main line would not come to within the prescribed distance (FIFTY yards), I immediately ordered three sharpshooters from each company of the regiment to reply to the enemy's skirmishers (whose fire had already killed and wounded 7 of my men), and thus succeeded in a few moments in silencing and driving them back, killing and wounding more than double the number I had lost. As the enemy's skirmishers retired a general charge of our line was ordered, and the enemy driven from the field in great confusion, after suffering heavy loss. Casualties in the regiment: Killed, 1; wounded, 14,; total, 15 (2 wounded since died). Recapitulation; Killed, 2; wounded, 33; missing, 1; total, 36.

I desire especially to clness and gallantry of both officers and men during the entire expedition, enduring the hardships of a most fatiguing march, five days if the time upon one-THIRD rations, and making charges upon double-quick for several hundred yards under a broiling midday sun. Their gallantry in battle also deserves especial mention, for they faithfully obeyed every order, not least among which was that to reserve their fire when their comrades were falling among them from the cowardly fore of the enemy's lurking sharpshooters. Every officer present did his whole duty.

In order that credit may fall where it is due, I give the name and command of each: Major George W. Van Beek, Adjt. S. Edward Day, Surg. A. T. Bartlett, operating surgeon at DIVISION hospital; Asst. Surg. M. Kile, on duty with Thirty-fifth Iowa; Quartermaster L. Armstrong, in charge of train and ammunition; A. J. Campbell, captain Company C, commanding company; William J. McKee, captain Company D, commanding company; George H. Tracy, captain Company I, commanding company; Elias S. Schenck, captain Company K, commanding company; Henry Rose, captain Company H, commanding company; Henry H. Knowlton, first lieutenant Company K, commanding Company B; Henry Cochran, first lieutenant Company H, commanding company; Charles L. Draper, first lieutenant Company E, commanding company; Edgar L. Allen, second lieutenant Company F, commanding company; Isaac S. Coe, first lieutenant Company I, slightly wounded on 14th instant, but rejoined his company before the charge was made; Commissary Sergt. J. William Wells, active in supplying ammunition. Every non-commissioned officer and private present with

