
position under cover of a rail-fence, within short range of the enemy, his line extending at a right angle from the road. The Thirty-THIRD moved up handsomely under fire to the position assigned it, and opened a murderous fire upon the left flank of the enemy, who was engaging the Fourteenth. I ten directed Colonel Polleys to make a charge with his regiment, which he did in fine style, the enemy retreating in haste, leaving his dead on the field and the battle-flag of the Nineteenth [Eighth] MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, which was captured and brought off by Captain C. M. G. Mansfield, of the Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry. In this affair 5 enlisted men of the Fourteenth were wounded, and 6 or 7 of the Thirty-THIRD. None of my command were killed. Several mules were killed, and some wagons were upset or broken by teams which became unmanageable. The little damage done was repaired as best it could be, and the column moved on, my command keeping the same relative position to the train that it held before the action. Encamped at 8 p. m., with balance of the DIVISION, about two miles from Tupelo.

July 14, in the disposition of our forces to meet the expected attack of the enemy, my command was assigned a position facing toward Pontotoc, on a high elevation of ground just to the right of the Tupelo road. My brigade was disposed as follows: The Thirty- THIRD Wisconsin Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel F. S. Lovell commanding, on the crest of the hill, the left of the regiment resting at a log-house on the Tupelo road; the Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Polleys commanding, and the detachment of the Forty-first Illinois, Lieutenant Wilson commanding, in reserve a few paces in rear of the Thirty-THIRD, and Battery M, First Missouri Light, Artillery, Captain Mueller commanding, in position immediately on right of the Thirty-THIRD. This disposition was maintained until the advance was ordered, with the exception of the battery, which changed its position during the action by direction of the chief of artillery of the First DIVISION. The country for about a mile directly in my front was undulating and perfectly free from timber, the highest elevations being where my brigade was posted and in the edge of the timber on the opposite side of the clearing. My skirmishers were posted about one hundred rods in advance of the line, where they remained until the enemy advanced to the assault, which was about 9 a. m. The enemy was unsuccessful in every effort to carry our position, meeting with a disastrous repulse at each advance. At 10. 30 o'clock I was directed to make a charge with my brigade, which I accordingly did in connection with other troops on my right and left, advancing nearly a mile and driving the enemy in confusion to the timber. My brigade remained where it was halted until about 1 p. m. I was then directed to move my command back to its formed position, where it remained until the army commenced its march to La Grange on the 15th.

July 15, skirmishing commenced about 8 a. m. My command was under heavy artillery and musketry fire at different times during the forenoon, but no assault was made by the enemy and my casualties were comparatively few. At 12 o'clock received orders to march, and moved out with the DIVISION. At 4 o'clock, while going into camp near Town Creek, seven miles from Tupelo, the enemy, who had followed our forces, opened with artillery upon the train, which was parked near the creek. My brigade was ordered back with the First Brigade to drive him from his position, which was done, with a loss to my command of only 5 or 6 men wounded. From this time until the return of the army to La Grange, on the 21st instant, the operations of my command were identical with those of the First DIVISION.

