
The total loss to the Four was - killed, 7; wounded, 48; missing, 1.

In conclusion I cannot speak too highly of the gallant conduct of my command, both officers and men. When each did his whole duty it would be invidious to particularize.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. WARD,

Colonel Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Orrin W. Cram, commanding detachment Battery E, First Illinois Light Artillery.
HDQRS. DETACH. Co. E, FIRST Illinois ARTILLERY,In the Field, La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with order from headquarters First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the part taken by detachment Company E, First Illinois Light Artillery (one section of two light 12-pounder guns), under my command in late expedition to Tupelo, Miss., under Major General A. J. Smith:

The detachment left La Grange, Tenn., with the advancing army, on the morning of July 5, 1864, and met with nothing outside the ordinary routine of daily march until July 13. On the afternoon of that day, soon after passing an angle on the Pontotoc and Tupelo wagon road, and within six miles of the latter place, the enemy unexpectedly announced his presence by opening a very heavy fire of musketry from ambush, not over twenty-five yards distant from my guns. I immediately ordered the battery forward at double-quick, the infantry support moving to my front. Proceeding a short distance, I ordered my pieces in battery and opened a rapid fire on the enemy with canister from one of them. My other gun was rendered temporarily useless by the falling of one of the wheel horses and the impossibility of managing the others so as to get the gun in position for immediate use. While getting in battery one of the caissons was upset and four of the horses attached to it instantly killed. Soon after opening with canister I was ordered to the front by Colonel William L. McMillen, commanding brigade, and again opened on the enemy successively with canister, shell, and shrapnel. After being thus engaged for half an hour, and the enemy having been driven back by the infantry, I was ordered to cease firing and get the battery in shape to move with the advancing column, which I did as speedily as possible.

The detachment was not in action on the 14th of July, being held in reserve.

On the morning of the 15th of July the two guns were ordered and went into battery, to assist on covering retreat of the army, which had commenced moving. The enemy occasionally exhibiting himself in my front, by permission of Colonel McMillen I fired a few rounds of shell in hopes of developing his strength in that locality. Soon after I was ordered to "limber up" and move in the position previously assigned me

