
with the brigade. The column advanced some seven miles, without any apparent difficulty, until after crossing Tishomingo Creek, on the Tupelo and New Albany road, when rapid reports of musketry furnished indubitable evidence that the cavalry in the rear were being engaged with the enemy. Soon after the enemy opened on us with his cannon. I was ordered into position in a corn-field, near road, and commenced replying to their artillery with shell and shrapnel. My practice in this position was so accurate that I had the gratification of dismounting one of the enemy's guns and killing and wounding several of his men and horses. Remaining in this position until the infantry had succeeded in driving the enemy back, I was ordered to limber up and recross the creek in rear of infantry. Having obtained and eligible position in the road, I went into battery with the two guns and engaged the enemy with solid shot, shrapnel, and shell. Remaining in this position but a short time, I was ordered to abandon it for one in large corn-field to my right, where I again went into action. The enemy ceasing to return my fire and the infantry having returned from following them, I was ordered to remove the pieces to the rear and take my former position in the column.

I have to report the following casualties in my command during the expedition: Say, seriously wounded, 1; slightly wounded, 1; total, 2. In addition to the above I had 6 horses killed and 7 wounded.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. CRAM,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment Company E.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry, commanding THIRD DIVISION.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., July 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action, marches and part taken by the troops of the THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, in the later expedition to Tupelo, Miss.:

In compliance with orders from the general commanding Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, as fast as the troops of the DIVISION were paid, I moved them by rail to Moscow, Tenn., and encamped near the river. On the 27th of June the command was marched to La Grange, Tenn., a distance of eleven miles, and agreeable to orders encamped near Wolf River, at which place we remained till the evening of 5th of July, when the command was marched to Davis' Mills, a distance of six miles, starting early on the morning of the 6th instant, preceded by the First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, for Pontotoc, Miss. While there the command was almost constantly kept under arms on account of the enemy firing upon the pickets. Left Pontotoc, for Tupelo on the 13th instant. Upon arriving at Tupelo, Miss., First and THIRD Brigades, commanded, respectively, by Colonel C. D. Murray, of the Eighty-ninth Indiana

