
seventeenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Colonel R. M. Moore, of the THIRD Brigade, by order of Colonel E. H. Wolfe, commanding brigade, moved by the left oblique, and in this attack bore a most important part, and to them due credit should be awarded for the prompt manner in which they met and repulsed the enemy in that occasion. The Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel James I. Gilbert (composed of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Captain William J. Campbell; the Twenty- fourth Missouri Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Major R. W. Fyan; the Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, commanded by Captain Amos Haslip; and the Thirty-second Iowa Infantry volunteers, commanded by Major Jonathan Hutchinson), being held in reserve, were not engaged until about 10 p. m., when heavy skirmishing was heard on the left of the THIRD Brigade. The brigade was pushed forward in quick time, and deployed under a severe fire of the enemy, driving them and occupying the original position, said position being held for the remainder of the night.

On the 15th instant, at 10 a. m., I was ordered to abandon my position and move my command on the Tupelo road in the direction of Ellistown. In the afternoon, while halting WEST of Old Town Creek, the enemy appeared, and taking possession of a commanding position, commenced shelling out train. I immediately ordered Colonel James I. Gilbert with his brigade to recross the creek, which order was promptly obeyed. The line scaled a fence, waded a steam, nearly waist deep, of water and mud, through the thick brush and timber; waded a second stream, as deep as the first, to the edge of a large field of growing corn, where they came in full sight of the rebel line, which, with its battle-flags waving in the sunLight, was boldly and firmly advancing, pouring in a destructive fire. The day being very hot, many of the men dropped by sunstroke, but by vigorously exertions of the gallant brigade commander, James I. Gilbert, the enemy was driven from his position with a loss of many killed and wounded. The THIRD Brigade, commanded by Colonel E. H. Wolfe, of the FIFTY-second Indiana Infantry Volunteers, was ordered across the creek to the support of the Second Brigade, where it took position on a ridge and on the right of the Second Brigade, where it remained until 6 o'clock next morning. The enemy not reappearing, I was ordered to withdraw my command and take my position in the column en route for Ellistown.

On the 17th instant left camp near Ellistown for La Grange, arriving there on the 21st instant, passing through New Albany and Salem. On the 22nd instant I was ordered to proceed to Collierville, where my command too the cars for Memphis, Tenn., arriving the same day, distance marched by the command being 276 miles.

To all officers and men of the command I desire to return my heart- felt thanks for the able manner and soldierly conduct exhibited during this expedition. To Colonel C. D. Murray, commanding First Brigade; Colonel James I. Gilbert, commanding Second Brigade; and Colonel E. H. Wolfe, commanding THIRD Brigade, I have to express my warmest thanks and admiration for the gallantry displayed on the field and on the march. To Lieutenant James B. Comstock, acting assistant adjutant-general of the THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, specially I would say he has my heartfelt thanks for the heroic manner in which he conducted himself; ever present in the thickets of the fight, rendering all the assistance in his power to effect the object of the day. To Lieutenant Charles H. Sweeney, Lieutenant Henry C. Raymond, and Lieutenant Dustin, of my personal staff, I tender my sincere thanks for the able manner in which they discharged their duties.

