
Numbers 24. Report of Captain William J. Campbell, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Camp near Memphis, Tenn., July 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fourteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the battles of Tupelo and [Old] Town Creek, Miss., on the 14th and 15th days of July, 1864, with a list of casualties which occurred during the two engagements.

At the battle of Tupelo, on the 14th instant, my regiment being with the brigade which had been assigned to duty as train guard, therefore, was not in the during the day, but being in range of the rebel guns my loss was 1 man killed and 2 wounded. At dark we had gone into camp in the edge of a swamp near where we had been stationed during the day. In a few minutes after the rebels made an advance, my regiment was ordered out with the rest of the brigade to help drive them off, which was soon done. During this advance my loss was 1 man wounded. We formed line where part of our troops had been stationed during the day, and remained until morning without further annoyance.

On the 15th instant we marched from the battle-field at Tupelo to [Old] Town Creek, eight or ten miles distant, and were about going into camp when the rebels made a rush forward, driving our rear guard of cavalry into the camp of infantry, then planted a battery and at once commenced shelling our camp. In a few minutes I received orders to have my regiment formed for immediate action. This being done, the brigade was moved out and formed into line of battle in a swamp, and then advanced, wading [Old] Tow Creek, which was about two feet deep. After passing through the swamp and creek we reached a corn-field, and there met the enemy. Our boys moved forward with a yell, which gave the rebels such a shock that their lines were at once broken, and their men so terrified that their offices could not rally them to make a stand, although trying it several times. The rebel were driven off in about half an hour, and the field left in our possession. During this engagement many of my men, who were already much fatigued by the march of the day and the excessive hot sun, were overcome with heat and dropped out of ranks, the charge being over three-quarters of a mile in length and through a corn-field, but nearly all came up and joined their respective companies as soon as circumstances would permit.

In this engagement the regiment lost 2 killed and 15 wounded, making a total loss in the two days' battle o 3 killed and 18 wounded.

The officers and men of this regiment who were in each engagement have my warmest thanks for the manner in which they conducted themselves during the battles and on the march during the whole expedition. It is hard to compliment without doing injustice to some where every one is trying to do hi duty.

The following is a list of casualties. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. CAMPBELL,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel JAMES I. GILBERT,

Commanding Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, 16th Army Corps.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 enlisted men killed and wounded. Another list shows 1 killed and 16 wounded; see table, 0. 255.

---------------

19 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT I

