
Numbers 25. Reports of Captain Amos M. Haslip, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, near La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the engagement at Tupelo, Miss., July 14, 1864.

At 7 a. m. the regiment was ordered to the front to report to Major Fyan, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry. I had moved up, reported, and taken position in line of battle immediately in the rear of the advance line, when I was ordered by Colonel Moore, commanding DIVISION, to move by the right flank to support the right. I immediately complied with the order. We remainder in this position a half hour, when I was ordered by General Smith to move to the rear to support the left. I moved to comply with the order, and when back a quarters of a mile was met by an officer of Colonel Moore's staff, who halted my command and ordered me to move to the right of the wagon train. About 1 p. m. I moved with the brigade to the left of the wagon train, where we remained until 4 p. m., when I was ordered by Colonel Gilbert, commanding brigade, to move to the support of the left of the advance line. In this new position we remained until sunset, when I moved again to the left of the train and camped in line of battle. At 9 p. m. I moved in the right center of the brigade to our former position, left advance line, where we remained during the night of the 14th. The men made the fight bravely and well.

The following is a list of casualties. *

A. M. HASLIP,

Captain Company A, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment IOWA, VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the engagement at Old Town Creek, Miss., July 15, 1864:

We had encamped for the night after a fatiguing march from Tupelo, Miss. The enemy approached on the Tupelo road, following and skirmishing with the main column. When near Old Town Creek they (the enemy) commenced shelling our camp. We were ordered out and formed in line of battle. we waded the waist-deep creek and on the double-quick crossed a corn-field, driving the enemy in stronger force and from a good position, under a scorching sun, for over a mile. Reaching the hill from which he had shelled our camp we were halted and soon received re-enforcement of two regiments on our right. My position during the engagement was the extreme right of the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel James I. Gilbert.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 10 men wounded.

---------------

