
I cannot too highly speak of the courage and discipline of both officers and men, who after having hardly any rest the night before and marching all day still showed that discipline when called upon which is so essential to the good of the service.

I appended the following list of casualties. *

AMOS M. HASLIP,

Captain Company A, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 26. Reports of Major Jonathan Hutchison, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

SIR: In relation to the part taken by my command in the action of the 14th instant, at Tupelo, Miss., I have the honor to report that at 6 a. m. I formed my command in line of battle, on the left of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry. Shortly after I received orders to change front, faced to the rear, throwing a line of skirmishers about 100 yards in advance, covering the right and front of my line. The enemy having pressed our line in front (the Twenty- seventh Iowa and Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry), we moved forward to its support, leaving the Fourteenth and Thirty-second Iowa Infantry on the line where first stationed, the enemy shelling us very severely. At 7. 30 a. m., the enemy threatening our left, I received orders to move by the left flank across the Tupelo road, and form on the right of the Eleventh Missouri Infantry, the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry forming on my right. This order was executed under a heavy fire of artillery. At 8. 30 a. m. I was ordered to rejoin my brigade, which was stationed on the extreme right of the original line occupied by my command. At 5 p. m. I was ordered to the front, taking position on the extreme left of our line, and on the left of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry. Skirmishers were thrown out, covering the front of my regiment. Considerable skirmishing was kept up along our line until dusk, when our main line was withdrawn to the rear. At 8 p. m. the skirmishers were partially driven from their position by an advancing line of the enemy, when my regiment was ordered to form on its original position, occupied previously at 5 p. m., on the left of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, which it did under a galling fire of musketry, driving the enemy from his position in front of our line. We continued to hold the position until the morning of the 15th instant, when we were withdrawn, preparatory to marching.

The officers and men conducted themselves in a creditable manner.

I herewith inclose a list of casualties. +

JONATHAN HUTCHINSON,

Major, Commanding Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 enlisted man killed and 15 wounded.

+ Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men wounded.

---------------

