HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

SIR: In relation to the part sustained by my command in the engagement at Old Town Creek on the 15th instant, I have the honor to report that during the march between Tupelo and Old Town Creek my command was put in charge of part of the train, moving with them and going into camp at 4 p. m. on Old Town Creek. At 5 p. m., the First DIVISION having passed in advance, the enemy obtained possession of a position that commanded our camp. They planted a battery and immediately commenced shelling us, the shells striking with accuracy and precision. I was ordered to move out by the right flank, crossing Old Town Creek, formed in line of battle and moved forward, taking position on the right of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, who, in connection with the Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, had charged the battery and had taken position on the ridge, which position was held till the morning of the 16th instant, when we moved forward with the command.

The officers and men conducted themselves with characteristic courage.

JONATHAN HUTCHISON,

Major, Commanding Thirty-second Regiment Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 27. Reports of Major Robert W. Fyan, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH MISSOURI, VOL. INFANTRY,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

In obedience to orders received this date, I beg leave to submit the following reports of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry in the battle of the 14th instant:

On the morning of the 14th instant, at about 7. 15 o'clock, I was notified the Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, would be held in reserve. In half an hour after that time I was ordered by Colonel Gilbert, commanding brigade, to move forward my regiment to such place as would be designated by Lieutenant Raymond, DIVISION quartermaster. I obeyed the order, reporting to Colonel Moore, DIVISION commander. He placed us in position about sixty yards in rear of the THIRD Indiana Battery. Our position was well sheltered; otherwise we might have suffered severely, as we were in direct range of the rebel battery. In this position we remained until about 10. 30 a. m., when I received an order from Major-General Smith ordering me to report my regiment to Colonel Wolfe, commanding THIRD Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps. This order being obeyed, Colonel Wolfe placed us on the right of his brigade and immediately between the First and THIRD Brigades. Here we remained until relieved by ordered of Colonel Gilbert, commanding Second Brigade, who withdrew us, and we rejoined our own brigade, moving with it to the front on the Okolona road, our regiment being on the right of the brigade. Here we remained until near dusk, when, leaving Company A on picket, the regiment withdrew, with brigade, and stacked arms preparatory to

