
conspicuous part, and I accord to this regiment all credit for the prompt manner in which they met and repulsed the enemy on that occasion.

On the 15th, at 10 a. m., I was ordered to abandon my position and move my command to the Tupelo road, from where it marched toward Ellistown, escorting the train. In the afternoon, while halting WEST of Old Town Creek, the enemy appeared unexpectedly, and, taking possession of a commanding position, commenced shelling our train. At 5 p. m. my command was ordered to recross Old Town Creek and take position on a ridge on the right of the Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, where it remained until next morning at 6 a. m., when, the enemy not reappearing, I was ordered to withdraw and take my place in the column en route for Ellistown. In the evening of the same day, while in camp near Ellistown, the enemy attacked our cavalry pickets, and a section of Battery G, Second Illinois Artillery, being ordered out by Colonel David Moore, commanding THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, fired a few rounds at the enemy, with what effect is unknown. On the 17th left camp near Ellistown for La Grange, arriving there on the 21st, having passed through New Albany and Salem. On the 22nd I was ordered to proceed to Collierville, where my command arrived and took the cars on the 23d, leaving for and reaching Memphis same day. Distance marched from Moscow to Tupelo and back to Collierville, 276 miles.

The casualties on Memphis and Charleston Railroad on June 23, 1864, when the train was fired into near La Fayette, Tenn., are as fo

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding THIRD Brigade.

Lieutenant JAMES B. COMSTOSK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, THIRD DIVISION, 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel Risdon M. Moore, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 117TH Illinois VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the part taken in the battle near Tupelo, Miss., on the 14th instant, by my command, the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry:

By order of Colonel E. H. Wolfe, commanding the THIRD Brigade, I placed the One hundred and seventeenth in position on the evening of the 13th on the extreme left of the THIRD DIVISION, on a high and commanding ridge.

Early in the morning of the 14th the Second Illinois Battery+ was placed on my right, and I received orders to support it in case of an attack. The regiment kept that position, with slight changes, during the entire action. The regiments was well protected by the ridge, otherwise it would have suffered severely from shell that were thrown at the Sec-

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties in the engagement near Tupelo shows for this brigade a loss of 1 killed and 6 wounded.

+ Battery G, Second Illinois Artillery.

---------------

