
o'clock at night, when the left of the brigade was attacked, which the regiment assisted in repelling. After the attack was repulsed I was ordered with my command to occupy its formed position, where I remained until the regiment was ordered to take up its line of march for this place.

The following is a list of casualties: Killed, First Lieutenant W. H. Herron, commanding Company E; missing during the expedition, Asst. Surg. James L. F. Garrison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. S. MAIN,

Lieutenant Colonel 52nd Regiment Indiana Infantry Vols., Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant S. H. DENEEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, THIRD Brigade.

Numbers 32. Report of Captain George F. Young, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 178TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp near La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report in regard to the part taken by my command in the action at Tupelo, Miss., on the 14th instant:

At daybreak on the morning of that day the regiment was marched into the open field in front of the night's encampment, and place in position in order of battle. The enemy commenced the attack by a vigorous shelling, which was replied to by our batteries, at about 6. 30 a. m. Shortly after that musketry fire was heard on our right, and the enemy appeared in considerable force in front if the brigade posted to the right of the regiment, with the unmistakable intention of carrying the batteries on the hill in our rear. A well-directed fire from the right oblique was poured into the enemy, and must have contributed considerably in throwing the same in confusion and forcing him to retreat precipitately and with great loss. The enemy seemed to be contended with the bloody repulse, and firing ceased along the line at about 9. 30 a. m. Toward dark the rebel again appeared in our front a brisk skirmishing ensued, lasting for nearly an hour and ending in the repulsed of the enemy.

The men under my command behaved extremely well during the short but decisive action, and at one time could not be restrained from advancing and charging the enemy.

The loss during the engagement amounted to the wounding of 1 enlisted man, private Peter Leppler, Company K, slightly in hand. This was greatly owing to the high and inaccurate firing of the enemy.

The spirit displayed by my command on this occasion was most admirable.

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. YOUNG,

Captain, 178th New York Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. H. DENEEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

