
The operator at Elizabethtown reports the rebels, who passed through here with re-enforcements, stopping at Stephensburg, ten miles WEST of Elizabethtown, receiving re-enforcements. I just heard of several parties passing few miles from town yesterday p. m.

T. H. SMITH,

Operator.

I again sent to Major Smith as follows:

Push on. Report the facts to General Ewing, Munfordville, and to me.

After this I received the following from Major Smith:

BARDSTOWN, June 20, 1864.

The rebel band are passing back in small squads on by-roads in Spencer County. Shall I move that way? Some FIFTY or sixty have already passed. I have scouted back to Bloomfield and in all directions from here. They passed farther north.

D. W. C. SMITH,

Ninth Michigan Cavalry.

I immediately answered:

For Good's sake go ahead! Take them where you find them.

On Tuesday morning a citizen of Bardstown called at my office, with the request from Major Smith that he might be permitted to remain in Nelson and Marion Counties for a short time, in search of roving bands of guerrillas who continually infest those counties; also asking that re-enforcements be sent him. I again telegraphed Major Smith as follows: "Act according to your judgment. You will be re-enforced," and now left sure something would be accomplished. Judge of my surprise then at receiving the following:

BARDSTOWN, June 21, 1864.

Have just received dispatch that my brigade leaves Nicholasville for the south in a few days. I start for there to-night. Will leave Captain O'Reily here with the balance of the men.

D. W. C. SMITH,

Major Ninth Michigan Cavalry.

This I answered as follows:

Your dispatch is received. Remain where you are until re- enforcements, which start to-morrow, reach Bardstown.

This in turn was answered by Captain O'Reily, as follows:

BARDSTOWN, June 21, 1864.

Major Smith marched this afternoon to join his command. I have no officer to assist me. Will I remain here? If so, send me rations. We have not discovered a single rebel. What re-enforcements are coming?

M. O'REILY,

Captain, Commanding.

June 24 I received orders from Colonel Fairleigh to send all men of Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry to Munfordville, whereupon I at once started what few remained here, and sent the following telegram to Captain O'Reily.

BARDSTOWN.

Report with Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry to General Ewing at Munfordville, and send here the men of Second Indiana and First Wisconsin. Tell them to look sharp on their return here.

The men arrived here the same evening, and are now in camp near Taylor Barracks; since then the rest of the Ninth Pennsylvania returned from Frankfort. I had them furnished with the requisite number of horses, and yesterday they started for Munfordville.

