
During the early part of the action Private Thomas McCauley had his thigh broken by a shell; his leg was amputated. Although the enemy threw a great amount of shell at us, by screening my battery as much as possible the enemy did us no damage except the above mentioned. I havo absentees during the expedition.

In conclusion, let me say that my officers and men behaved to my satisfaction, and I think I have cause to be proud of their conduct.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. LOWELL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Lieutenant DENEEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 34. Report of Colonel Edward Bouton, FIFTY-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding First Brigade, U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Memphis, Tenn., July 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the late expedition to Tupelo, Miss., under command of Major General A. J. Smith:

On the 18th day of June, 1864, I moved from Memphis with the Sixty- first and Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, and Battery I, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (Light), by military railroad to a point four miles WEST of La Fayette, Tenn., where the troops were disembarked and marched to La Fayette Station, at which point my command was disposed of so as to guard the railroad bridges, &amp;c., four miles WEST and one mile east, and camped at this place until June 28, 1864.

On June 27, 1864, I brought out from Memphis the FIFTY-ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry via railroad to Moscow, Tenn.

I moved with my command to La Grange, Tenn., June 28 and 29, a part being transported by railroad and the remainder marching. My brigade, as here organized, consisted of the FIFTY-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, Major James C. Foster commanding; Sixty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel F. A. Kendrick commanding; Sixty- eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel J. B. Jones commanding; Battery I, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (Light), Captain Louis B. Smith commanding. Total strength, 1,835 enlisted men and 64 commissioned officers: total aggregate, exclusive of brigade staff, 1,899; the men in light marching order, with rubber blankets only, and supplied with forty rounds of ammunition in boxes.

On the 3rd day of July I received my transportation via rail from Memphis, which enabled me to make a supply train for my brigade of twenty-six wagons, which I loaded with 100 rounds per man reserved ammunition, nine day's rations, and nine days' grain and forage for stock. In compliance with orders, I move with my brigade at 4 p. m., July 5, to Davis' Mills, Miss., six miles distant, where we went into camp at dark.

July 6, moved at 4 a. m., marching in rear of column, guarding general supply train, in which order, with very little changes, we marched to Pontotoc, Miss., which point we reached by easy marches July 11, 1864, passing through Ripley and New Albany.

