
to General Mower. About one mile from this ridge, I again formed line, but the enemy not coming to engage me for some time I withdrew all but seven companies of Sixty-first Regiment, which were advantageously posted, and soon engaged the enemy closely and successfully. At this point I discovered a column on the left flank. The column on the right also developed greater strength than before, which information I immediately sent forward to General Mower by my adjutant-stating that if the train was not moved quickly forward it would be attacked. This message had scarcely reached General Mower when the attack on train was made. From this point I continued forming lines and holding the enemy in check, and ambushing him at very favorable point, using the FIFTY-ninth and Sixty-first Regiments, holding the Sixty-eighth in reserve on account of its being a new regiment and inexperienced in field service, until just dark, when within about four miles of Tupelo, the FIFTY-ninth and Sixty-first had become so fatigued and completely worn out that I was compelled to put two companies in ambush of Sixty-eighth, relieving them at a little distance with two more companies. These four companies reserved their fire until the enemy were close on them, and delivered it with good effect and retired in good order. At this point I was relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Burgh, with one battalion of Ninth Illinois Cavalry and one battalion of Second Iowa Cavalry, who held the enemy in check, so as to allow my column to move on to camp unmolested except by a few shells at long range. The rear of my column reached camp about 9 p. m., and went into camp in open field near supply train. Our casualties, as far as could be ascertained, this day were 1 killed, 7 wounded, and 9 missing. As my men fell back several times through thickets, deployed as skirmishers under pretty severe fire, I presume most of the missing were killed, and their fate not known to their comrades. Fighting in the manner I did, with my men concealed and under cover, I was able to punish the enemy pretty severely and suffer comparatively no loss. The cavalry in our rear, under Colonel Herrick, fought with bravery and determination, but was unable to hold the enemy in check when he came on with such impetuosity and such superiority of numbers.

On July 14, soon after dayLight, in compliance with orders from Captain Hough, I formed my brigade in line on ridge, about 1,200 yards from old field, where supply train was corraled, my right connecting with the left of Colonel Wolfe's brigade and fronting in a southerly direction. During the main engagements this day only the extreme right of my main line, consisting of Sixty-first Regiment, was engaged. My skirmishers lines was vigorously engaged full half the day. My line was continually under fire from the enemy's artillery during the main engagement, and suffered considerably from the effect of shells, especially the Sixty-first on the right. Twice in the afternoon I took forward a portion of Battery I, Second U. S. Colored Artillery (Light), and shelled the enemy's cavalry and sharpshooters out of the timber in p. m. I withdrew my line to a ridge some 700 yards to our rear, skirting a strip of timber, leaving a heavy skirmish line on the ridge, where my line had been formed during the day. This line became engaged soon after dark, and at about 9. 30 p. m. was advanced upon by the enemy in force and driven back nearly to the ridge on which my brigade lay. I immediately threw my brigade forward and charged up the hill, firing, with fixed bayonets, repulsing the enemy and driving them from our front, and occupied our former line at about 10 p. m. I should

