
judge the enemy suffered considerable loss from this repulse, as they were carrying off their killed and wounded with ambulances nearly all night.

On July 15, at about 9 a. m., in compliance with orders, I withdrew to the old field in bottom where the supply train had been corraled, the line I left being held by cavalry. My brigade was to follow the THIRD DIVISION and guard supply train. My train, Battery I, and FIFTY-ninth Regiment had moved out and Sixty-first was just moving when the cavalry was driven from their position and forced back to the timber. I received orders to bring back the Sixty-first and hold them and the Sixty-eighth in readiness to meet any movements of the enemy. The enemy still advancing and driving in the cavalry, I formed Sixty-first and Sixty-eighth Regiments line next to timber, and advancing through it in line of battle some 300 to 400 yards, found the enemy occupying ridge where my line had rested previous to its being attacked the night before. I immediately charged, firing, with fixed bayonets, forcing the enemy from this ridge and driving them back 800 or 900 yards and beyond my old line, punishing them severely. This charge was made in splendid style by Sixty-first and four companies of Sixty-eighth. After occupying this position a short time, I withdrew to ridge near the timber. After about an hour, as the enemy did not again shoe themselves in force, I moved out, in compliance with orders, on Ellistown road and camped on Old Town Creek, some five miles from the battle-field.

On July 16 marched at 5 a. m. in center of column, guarding ambulance and supply train, in which general order of march we moved to La Grange, Tenn., which point we reached about 6 p. m. July 20, passing near Ellistown, through New Albany and Salem, Miss. Sending my wagon train and artillery horses by State Line road, and transporting troops by railroad, my brigade arrived in Memphis on the night of 22nd and morning of 23rd of July.

I think the officers and men of my command are deserving of credit for the manner in which they discharged their duties during the entire expedition. Though not heavily engaged during the main battle of the 14th they faithfully executed every order, and met whatever force opposed them with a will and determination highly commendable.

I think the work done by my brigade in rear of column, on the 13th, was a severe test of the soldierly qualities and power of endurance of my men. We moved at 4 a. m., marched about twenty miles, went into camp at 9 p. m. ; were seventeenth hours under arms without rest. Some of my command was under fire over half the time and was in line of battle an average of over ten miles. During the day my column was full three hours fire of artillery in rear or on flanks, and moved steadily with men closed in ranks without wavering.

Our casualties were as follows. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. BOUTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. BROWN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Colored Troops.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 8 men wounded of the FIFTY-ninth; 1 officer and 5 men killed, and 4 officers and 36 men wounded of the Sixty-first; and 1 man killed, and 3 officers and 3 men wounded of the Sixty-eighth; total, 62. See also tabulation from corps list, p. 255.

---------------

