
at 5 p. m., that I was closed up upon the wagon train, which was in park with the command in camp, directly in my front. As I had received no notification of this halt, the enemy was unfortunately allowed to approach to a good position within easy artillery range of the train. The rear guard was obliged to fight without room for maneuvering, and a number of shot and shell were thrown by the enemy directly into the wagon park. To add to the difficulties of the situation, these troops had previously expended the most of their ammunition during the constant skirmishing of that day. After nearly a half hour's delay, however, during they held their positio-enforced by infantry, when the enemy was driven back with heavy loss. From this point to La Grange, which was reached on the 20th, the march was without remarkable incident.

During the whole expedition my command was employed in picketing for the infantry, artillery, and train, in front, flanks, and rear, in addition to its regular patrolling and picket duty. My men are much exhausted, but owing to the slow rate of march the horses are in fair condition. Ten miles of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad was very thoroughly destroyed between Verona and Saltillo, a number of heavy bridges and trestle-work being cut away and burned.

My loss in officers is 1 killed and 2 wounded; in enlisted men, 7 killed, 55 wounded, and 4 missing.

For more, minute details I respectfully refer to the reports of my subordinate officers, herewith inclosed.

Twenty-seven of my loss are in the Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

No. 36. report of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., July 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Detachments from each regiment of this command, 1,325 men, moved at 9 a. m. on the 24th of June, reaching the ponds near Collierville the same day, having in charge train of wagons belonging to the army.

The command arrived at Moscow on the evening of next day, and remained in bivouac near Wolf River until the evening of the 26th, when it moved eastward, the THIRD Iowa remaining one day longer at Moscow and rejoining command at Saulsbury, which point was reached on the morning of the 26th.

Remained in bivouac at Saulsbury, nine miles in advance of the army, until 6 p. m. of July 5, when, by direction of the general commanding DIVISION, we moved on the Ripley road seven miles south of Saulsbury, where we halted until noon of the following day.

Reported to General Grierson with the brigade on the evening of the 6th instant, on the La Grange and Ripley road; and following the THIRD Brigade, encamped on night of the 7th three miles from Ripley.

20 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

