
over an hour, under the direction of the general I now advanced on a cross-road from the Houston to the Okolona road. It was soon evident that the enemy was in position on the Okolona road at the intersection of the road upon which I then was, the Ninth Illinois Cavalry having driven him back from some of his first positions, but no dislodging him from this. I continued to advance until my advance guard came under the volleys of the intrenchments, when dismounting my entire command and learning the enemy was preparing to advance, I had already begun to move forward to meet him, when, by the general commanding, I was ordered to cross to the Okolona road by my left flank. I did this in safety, although at some risk, and thence proceeded to camp. During this day Sergeant Delay, while laying down the fence for his squadron, was accidentally wounded in the leg.

On the morning of the 13th, with two battalions of my regiment, I was given the advance of the army, which proceeded toward Tupelo.

The other battalion, which was on picket as heretofore mentioned, was instructed to keep it s post until the rear of the army had passed through Pontotoc. On account of the distance of this post from the town of Pontotoc, and the fact the picket on the Okolona road did not act in harmony with my companies, but retired sooner, the enemy were enabled to get between the main army (retiring) and Captain Brown.

Seeing the line of the enemy, some 300 strong, in his rear, this officer, with his usual coolness, determined to charge through them and break through to the army. Forming his battalion in column on the brow of the hill and calling upon every man who could keep his saddle to follow him, he led the charge. Our men cheering, firing, and thundering down the hill with so much audacity, surprised the rebels, who at once broke and fled in apparent amazement. The battalion (composed of Companies A, I, K, and L) met with no loss, but the situation was one of a more difficult nature than it should have been thrown into, as I submit it was, unnecessarily. The battalions in advance had constaith the enemy in considerable force from Pontotoc to the road leading from the Pontotoc and Tupelo road to the road to Okolona, at which point the enemy disappeared from our front, leaving the advance to Tupelo uninterrupted. To this place two of the squadrons proceeded, under the immediate command of Captain Crail, with order troops under the command of Major Williams. The rest of the command, reaching Tupelo, rested until night-fall, when an attack on the train occurring they were moved toward the rear, but again returned and encamped on Yonder's plantation, the enemy having retired. During the advance on Tupelo the enemy lost by this regiment 6 killed and 1 mortally wounded. Our loss, nothing.

On the morning of the 14th the enemy commenced the advance upon our picket, placed on the Pontotoc road beyond Harrisburg. This picket was composed of Companies E, F, and H, of the THIRD Iowa Cavalry, and L, M, and -, of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, under the command of Captain Crail, of this regiment. They held the skirmish line of the enemy for some time in check, and, although under a heavy fire, closely observed and reported the movements of the enemy, falling back only when our line of battle had been formed and orders so to do had been received from the general commanding. Two of the enemy were killed by this picket. The loss in the regiment was 2 men wounded in Company H. While the battle was going on at the front with the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, and Seventh Kansas Cavalry this regiment was in position to guard the right flank, maintaining two picket-posts, and patrolling every hour to the Ellistown road, a distance of one mile

