
In conclusion, I beg leave to say that too much credit cannot be given to all the men, including the Louisville Dragoons, for the promptness, displayed in executing all orders.

Brigadier General R. Allen, chief quartermaster, was very efficient, and cheerfully furnished horses to mount the different detachments of men.

I remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS FOSSES,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Asst. Inspector-General of Cavalry.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky.

No. 4. Reports of Captain George H. Laird, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

FALMOUTH, KY., June 12, 1864.

General Hobson and staff have just arrived; they surrendered yesterday about noon after having their force entirely surrounded, making it an impossibility for them to do otherwise. The rebels were under Morgan in person, and our force, about 500 of the One hundred and seventy-first Ohio and 70 men, could not possibly escape. Morgan claims to have been en route for this place, but Hobson held him in check from 5 a. m. until noon, which gave Burbridge time to follow his rear, which he did this morning. The men fought well and were completely exhausted before the surrender. The One hundred and seventy-first lost about 60 killed and wounded. Colonel Asper, Lieutenant-Colonel Harmon, and Major Fowler are there with him. Reports say Morgan is routed and flying. I have sent some cavalry to the Brookville road to intercept stragglers. The general is to either make arrangements for immediate exchange, or return with them a prisoner. Three, staff officers accompany them. Will give you particulars to-morrow.

G. H. LAIRD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

General HEINTZELMAN.

FALMOUTH, June 13, 1864.

Went out with reports yesterday to Brookville road; captured a lieutenant and 7 men. Have sent FIFTY men to Claysville road this morning to either pick up stragglers or report to our force, if there. General Hobson and staff are here. They held the enemy for nearly seven hours.

G. H. LAIRD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 5. Reports of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army.

FALMOUTH, June 14, 1864.

I have the honor to report that I am here with my staff and Colonel J. F. Asper, Lieutenant-Colonel Harmon, Major Fowler, One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard, and Lieutenant Arnett, FIFTY-second

