
and a quarter. This important duty, although it removed us from the scene of immediate conflict, was one left to be of great responsibility, as I certainly was of constant labor, and requiring untiring vigilance. On the afternoon of this day four companies of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, with Companies D, H, K, L, and M, of this regiment, under command of Major Duffield of this regiment, were ordered to the front to reconnoiter the enemy's position. This duty occupied this detachment during the day, belonging a heavy force of the enemy still in position. The maneuvering of this force lasted until after dark, the enemy showing himself in line and opening with artillery. The loss of this regiment was 4 wounded, 2 desperately, Sullivan, of Company M, losing an arm from a cannon- ball, and Bard, of Company M, being pierced through the breast; 6 horses also were wounded. The companies of the THIRD Iowa maintained the rear as the reconnoitering party retired, and Companies D, L, and M were left on picket in the face of the enemy. In this fight this regiment had seven companies on picket and patrol.

On the morning of July 15 our brigade made a second reconnaissance of the enemy's lines in front, under the immediate direction of Colonel Winslow, and in regard to which, it having been under his own eyes, I do not deem necessary to report further than that this command advance to the lines of the enemy, who were still in force and in position, skirmishing with them successfully until orders were received to retire, which they did in good order, and as it is deemed having fully performed the arduous duty assigned them. It was apparent that the enemy's intention was to draw the cavalry into a general engagement, far enough from the main line of the army to enable them to flank on our left with a superior force, which was openly being moved for that purpose, and which, with the enemy's forces in our front, became engaged with the infantry lines and artillery on the withdrawal of our brigade.

After the reconnaissance this regiment first formed in line of battle on the left flanks of the infantry line, and afterward formed in line to guard the rear and support the left flank near Tupelo, which position was held until the army moved out on the Ellistown road, the Fourth Iowa Cavalry having the extreme rear. The regiment met with a loss on this morning of several wounded men and some horses, stated in the accompanying report. Advancing on the Ellistown road, G and F were detached to guard this road until the Fourth Iowa Cavalry came up, when they united with the latter command in resisting the advance of the enemy, who now began to follow our column closely and in force.

These companies did not join me again until we had arrived at Old Town (or Tishomingo) Creek, at which point,g been placed in corral beyond the creek and the infantry having been also passed over, I was ordered to take my command to the rear and form it on the edge of the woods to support the Fourth Iowa Cavalry. I was given to understand that I would have time to water my command at the creek, and I think it was not expected by my commanding officer that the enemy would approach for a least an hour. I proceeded to the rear, however, at once, attempting to water but a small part of my regiment, and had only time to dismount my men and get them into battalion lines on either side of the road and beneath a commanding hill, when the enemy opened upon them with shell and canister, and a heavy musketry fire. One battalion of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry was also in position, partly in advance of me, and with them and my regiment the enemy was held in check, although the circumstances made the assault of the rebels very much like a surprise. Our brigade commander was present in the midst of the fire, and by his brave and skillful con-

