
duct advanced our lines up the hill and held the ground we were required to, until an infantry support coming the rebel positions was charged with cheers, their battery silenced by our guns across the creek, and the enemy for the THIRD time in two days signally defeated. Endeavoring to do my duty with my whole command, who were under a fierce fire and bravely contesting their ground with a superior force of the rebels, I wish to express my high admiration of the colonel who commanded me, and of Colonel McMillen, who with his noble infantry came to our support. Although my men charged with the infantry until exhausted and after many were out of ammunition, I feel at liberty, without boasting, to say that few charges during the war could have exceeded this in firmness, spirit, and brilliance. It was a triumphant vindication of the valor of these regiments from the stigma of defeat on the 10th of June, and must have forever crushed from those rebels' hearts the hope of another victory. Major Duffield, Captain Crail, and Captain Brown, commanding battalions, and Captain McCrary and Captain Johnson, deserve particular mention by me for their services at all times during this expedition and particularly on this field. Our loss in this engagement was 1 killed-Thomas Brown, Company M-and 5 wounded.

Camping beyond the creek for the night, the next day (the 16th) we marched to Ellistown, where Company A was ordered to the rear for picket duty and arrived at its post just in time to meet the last general advance of the enemy. The company maintained its post against superior numbers bravely until supposed by the Seventh Kansas Cavalry and a brigade of infantry, when the enemy having finally retired, it rejoined the regiment with the loss of 1 horse killed. Moving thence by New Albany and Salem, we arrived at La Grange without further incident or loss, save 1 horse in Company M killed by guerrillas.

My command arrived at this camp on the evening of the 23d, having with the rest of the brigade conducted the train and some batteries from La Grange to this place. It is estimated that the command has traveled from 350 to 400 miles on this expedition.

Until after we left Saulsbury on the 5th of July our rations of forage supplied by railroad were fair, but from that time until our return to La Grange on the 20th it became necessary to subsist on the country. This was found very difficult, and for much of the command was in whole or in part poorly fed. Wheat in the sheaf was often the only support of the horses for days. Again, an abundance of sheaf oats or old could be found for one feed, hardly ever more than enough for two feeds in succession, while during the 13th, 14th, and 15th a large part of the horses may be said to have been scarcely fed at all. These facts, considered in connection with the intense heat of the weather, the dustiness of the roads, and the severe labor required of us, will account for the great deterioration of my horses. It is hoped, however, that proper rest and food will soon restore most of the animals no service.

By the expedition the spirit of my regiment has been elevated, and it is hoped that the satisfaction felt by the soldiers of the entire brigade may be still further enhanced by the approval of this esteemed commanders. I transmit a tabular ses as required. *

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. HODGE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, Cav., Div., Memphis, Tenn.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 307.

---------------

