
The regiment reached La Grange on the 20th instant, and their camp near Memphis on the 23d, making thirty days on the expedition, and marching a little over 300 miles. During most of the time we were able to procure about two -THIRDs rations of forage for our horses, mostly sheaf oats, wheat, and rye, with an occasional feed of corn. Our total loss in men has been 1 killed and 15 wounded. Loss of horses, killed and abandoned, 16.

In closing this report, I desire to express my many obligations to Major A. R. Pierce, for his promptness, energy, and good judgment, and to all the officers and men of the regiment for their cheerful acquiescence and ready obedience to orders, their prompt response when at times it seemed that their physical energies had been taxed to their utmost tension.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. PETERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW,

Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry DIVISION.

Numbers 39. Report of Major Martin H. Williams, Tenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,Memphis, July 24, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order of the 21st instant, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry on late expedition under Major General A. J. Smith:

The detachment of the effective men of the regiment, composed of 7 commissioned officers and 222 men, left camp at Memphis on the 24th of June, and joining with the brigade marched, via La Fayette, Moscow, and La Grange, to Saulsbury, where it arrived on the 28th of June and remained in camp until the 5th of July, when the march was continued with the brigade on the Ripley road.

On the 7th instant, while the THIRD Brigade was engaged with the enemy near Ripley, the regiment was put into position, but, the enemy retiring was not engaged.

On the 8th instant marched in advance of brigade, occupying Ripley without opposition, thence moved out on the Baldwyn road to the Ellistown road and down Ellistown road to Orizaba. From the time of leaving Ripley had light skirmishing with the enemy, losing 2 horses; enemy's loss unknown.

On the 9th instant marched to New Albany.

On the 10th marched with the brigade on the Pontotoc road. About noon received orders to take my regiment and follow a party of the enemy, about 600 strong, which had left our front, and pass on to the Tuscumbia and Pontotoc road. On reaching that road I discovered a large force of the enemy going toward Pontotoc; had passed only a short time before, which fact I reported on rejoining the column.

On the 11th marched to Pontotoc, where encamped until the 12th instant, when marched with the brigade on the Tupelo road. When about five miles from Tupelo, the command being at a halt, I was ordered

