
to take my regiment with two companies of the THIRD Iowa Cavalry, under Captain Crail, and proceed to Tupelo. Taking possession of that place without opposition, picketed the town, and placed obstructions on the railroad track, and, when joined by brigade, assisted in destroying the track.

On the 13th instant was stationed on the right flank of the army, and picketed and patrolled the roads leading to Ellistown road until relieved by the THIRD Iowa Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Noble.

On the 14th instant marched with the brigade on the Pontotoc road. On passing the picket my regiment was deployed as skirmishers on the right flank, my left resting on the road. Moved forward with brisk skirmishers until reaching a main road leading across the road on which our men were advancing when I received orders to halt, and shortly afterward to retire slowly; when I had no sooner commenced retiring than the enemy advanced in force. My men displayed great steadiness, falling back regularly. On reaching the infantry lines received orders to proceed to Tupelo and picket the roads leading south. Shortly after taking position my pickets on the Verona road were suddenly charged by the enemy and driven in, but the men were soon rallied by Lieutenant Studdard and reoccupied their post. About 3 o'clock moved with the brigade in rear of the army. On reaching [Old] Town Creek the enemy made a heavy attack on our rear. The road being occupied by led horses my regiment did not get to the rear in time to figure in the chase. Camped on the creek.

On the 15th marched with the brigade to Ellistown, and on the 16th to New Albany. Arriving at New Albany I was ordered to picket the roads leading north and south. remained in position until the rear guard came up, when I was relieved by the Second Iowa Cavalry and joined the command in camp on the Salem road.

On the 17th marched as advance guard and camped on the Tippah River.

At 3 a. m. of the 18th I received orders from the general commanding to move with dispatch to La Grange to have provisions forwarded to the army and to cover all road leading south from La Grange, so as to intercept any train that may have started for the army. On arriving at Salem I divided my command, sending one company on the Ripley road to proceed to the Ripley and Saulsbury road, one company to go north on the Spring Hill road, and with the remainder of the command I proceeded by the Meridian road, all to concentrate at Davis' Mills. I struck the rear of a tr Davis' Mills; communicated my orders to the major commanding escort to train and then proceeded to La Grange.

Remained at La Grange until the 21st, when marched with brigade as an escort to train and artillery to Memphis, arriving at 9 a. m. on the 24th instant.

The regiment on expedition marched 360 miles.

From the time of leaving the railroad until the return to La Grange, we had only about two-THIRDs rations for our horses, the principal forage being wheat and rye, with about one feed a day of old corn or oats. Loss of men on the expedition was 1 missing; loss of horses - killed, wounded, and abandoned - was 15.

I desire to return thanks to the officers and men under my command for prompt discharge of duty and fortitude in bearing hardship and privations.

Captains Neet and McGlasson are particularly noteworthy for prompt assistance rendered at all times.

