
I desire particularly to recommend Sergt. E. Bates Kanada, acting adjutant of detachment, for efficient discharge of duty.

Attached you will find statement of losses of men, horses, arms, &amp;c. *

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

M. H. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Cavalry Div., SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 40. Report of Colonel Datus E. Coon, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report in accordance with orders from DIVISION headquarters, a detachment of THIRD Brigade, consisting of the Second Iowa Cavalry, left La Grange, Tenn., 5th of July, 1864, and marched southeast, camping four miles and a half from La Grange, near Woodson's plantation.

July 6, detachment on Ripley road, skirmishing lightly all day, camping for the night fourteen miles and a half from Ripley.

July 7, continued on Ripley road, skirmishing to within three miles and a half of Ripley, at which place Lieutenant-Colonel Hyams, of the side of a hill, their place of concealment being hidden by trees and underbrush. In this position they were attacked by six companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry dismounted, who charged them in a splendid manner across an open field and drove them from their position, killing 11 and wounding 25, and losing none. The officers and soldiers engaged in this skirmish deserve great praise for the alacrity with which they charged the enemy in this position and for the firm manner in which they held their lines under repeated volleys from the enemy's guns. At this place the Ninth Illinois Cavalry joined the command, which camped for the night.

July 8, marched through Ripley, skirmishing on Pontotoc road; camped for the night eight miles from Ripley.

July 9, continued on Ripley road, crossing Tallahatchie River at Williamson's Mill, camping for the night at New Albany.

July 10, marched toward Pontotoc and camped seven miles from town.

July 11, marched into Pontotoc, skirmishing, killed and wounded several of the enemy; camped for the night, one battalion of Second Iowa, commanded by Major Moore, picketing in line of skirmishers in front of DIVISION of infantry.,

July 12, remained in Pontotoc all day, patrolling roads in different directions. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Burg, being sent out on the Okolona road on a reconnaissance, found the enemy in force, and fought them in a splendid manner for several hours, when they fell back in, good order, having discovered what was desired and punished the enemy severely; night camped at Pontotoc.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 307.

---------------

