
July 13, marched to Tupelo and camped, picketing roads east and south of town and having destroyed from six to ten miles railroad track on Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

[July 14], brigade, except detachments on picket duty, placed in position on left flank of line of battle, skirmished some during the day without important results. Night left detachments of Second Iowa and Ninth Illinois on picket duty, and camped as on the previous night.

July 15, Second Iowa and Ninth Illinois Cavalry skirmished with the enemy on left flank without discovering any large force. Second Iowa sent to extreme flank, Ninth Illinois Cavalry to hold the old line on hill southeast from Harrisburg, skirmished until about 12 o'clock noon, at which time they were relieved by a negro brigade and sent to the front of General Mowers' DIVISION, at which place four companies (one company having no sabers) charged the enemy down a narrow road from one-half to three-quarters of a mile, driving the enemy in a most gallant manner, and losing First Lieutenant McMahon, who had the advance (Company H) and several men, after which the brigade moved out on Ellistown road, camping five miles from Tupelo.

July 16, brigade marched to Ellistown and camped.

July 17, brigade ordered to act as rear guard, skirmished with the enemy in the morning, who fell back and made no further demonstration during the day. Night camped at New Albany.

July 18, marched on right flank of column all day and camped on Tippah Creek, seven miles from Salem.

July 19, marched to Salem and camped for night.

20th, marched to La Grange and camped.

21st, marched to Collierville and camped.

22d, marched to Memphis to old camp.

A detachment of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, which accompanied the brigade, did good service as flankers, &amp;c., and were for several days rear guard for the entire command.

During the scout the brigade has been out of camp twenty-eight days, has marched 325 miles, killed and wounded an unknown number of the enemy, and lost in killed, wounded, and missing as follows. *

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DATUS E. COON,

Colonel Second Iowa Cav., Commanding THIRD Brigadier, Cavalry Div.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry B. Burgh, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH Illinois CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders on the 22nd of June, 1864, I moved with my regiment as escort to a large supply train to Moscow, Tenn., where I arrived on the 25th; bivouacked until the 27th, when I took the advance of the expedition and moved to La Grange, where I remained until the 6th of July. During my stay at La Grange the companies of my regiment were constantly on duty, patrolling and picketing. Lieut-

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 3 enlisted men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 20 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men prisoners; total, 28. See also tabulation from corps list, p. 256.

---------------

