
tenant McMahon, with the company, while on patrol on the 3rd of July, met a superior force of the enemy and was forced to retire, and did so in good order, inflicting a loss to the enemy of 4 wounded.

Having been ordered at La Grange to bring up the rear, which had moved out in a southerly direction, on the 6th of July, at 6 p. m., I moved out to Davis' Mills.

The next day, the 7th, joined the main force near Ripley, and moved in column with it until we reached the Camargo road, when Captain Ellsworth made a reconnaissance toward the Tuscumbia road, and ascertained that a large force of the enemy had moved out on that road toward Pontotoc. On his return had some skirmishing. Captured 1 prisoner from the enemy. Reached Pontotoc on the 11th of July.

Morning of the 12th made a demonstration on the Okolona road, met Lyon's rebel brigade and drove them about three miles, with a loss to us of 1 killed and 1 taken prisoner and several wounded; the enemy's loss not known.

Returned to Pontotoc and remained until the morning of the 13th, them moved on to Tupelo, where we arrived at about 1 p. m. One battalion was ordered to Stanislaus Depot, four miles below Tupelo, to destroy the railroad and trestle-work, which was done most effectually. With the balance of my regiment (two battalions) I was ordered to the rear of the expedition, then moving into town. I was then ordered to escort the train into camp. I sent one battalion well out on the left to picket all the main roads; the other battalion moved on the flank of the train into camp. The battalion having returned from Stanislaus Depot, I bivouacked for the night, leaving one battalion on picket on the Okolona road.

At daylight the 16th [14th] I was ordered to take position on the left of negro brigade, and in support of Smith's battery. I threw up temporary works, advanced one battalion as skirmishers and vedettes; had constant skirmishing during the day, driving the enemy back at every attempt they made to turn our flank. My loss in the several skirmishes during the day was 1 killed, 8 wounded. During all the fighting my men were dismounted, fighting on foot, the horses in rear under cover of hills. At night, after considerable maneuvering, I returned to camp, leaving one battalion deployed in front of the infantry as vedettes.

Early on the morning of the 15th I was ordered to resume my position on the left. Reconnoitering, I found that the enemy were advancing on the left. I immediately formed in line, dismounted and drove them back in some confusion; but in a short time the enemy, receiving re-enforcements, advanced in force, and compelled me to fall back. I formed a new line about 100 yards in rear of my old position, when the negro brigade came to my support. I held the left until receiving orders, I reported to General Mower, then in the rear. He ordered me to take position on the left of his line, connecting with the colored troops. I had not taken position before I was ordered to make a charge down the road in rear. Companies A, H, K being the only saber companies I had I ordered them to make the charge; at the same time I brought one battalion of riflemen to their support. Having driven the enemy under cover of their artillery and a heavy line of battle I retired, with a loss of officer, 1 enlisted man killed, and 6 men wounded. General Mower having moved his force off I occupied his old position, and held the enemy over an hour in a most exposed position, with their artillery in good range, and playing on us constantly. My loss at this point was 1 officer and 4 enlisted men wounded. Receiving orders to fall back I did so in good order, skirmishing continually until relieved;

