
I then moved on with the column until we reached Old Town Creek. I sent two battalions to the rear (dismounted), where they formed on the right of the infantry, which charged the enemy with them, with a loss of 5 men wounded. I then bivouacked in the swamp. The next morning moved out; returned to Memphis after an absence of just thirty days.

My loss during the entire expedition - 3 killed, 30 wounded, 1 prisoner.

I have endeavor to be as brief as possible. As you know our marches and countermarches I think it unnecessary for me to mention them.

Very respectfully,

H. B. BURGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Colonel D. E. COON,

Commanding THIRD Brigade.]

Numbers 42. Report of Major Charles C. Horton, Second Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY,Collierville, Tenn., July 31, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders from brigade headquarters I left camp at Memphis, Tenn., with the effective force of the regiment, on the 23rd of June, 1864.

Marched to Grand Junction, Tenn., where I remained until the 5th of July, when I joined the brigade and moved southward toward Pontotoc, via Ripley, Miss., to join expedition under General A. J. Smith. Encountered the enemy near Ripley on the 7th of July, under Lieutenant - Colonel Forrest (First MISSISSIPPI [Sixteenth Tennessee] Cavalry), posted in a strong position on a hill covered with thick underbrush. Being in the advance I was ordered to dislodge them. The regiment was dismounted and moved to the front. After a few minutes' sharp firing I ordered the charge. This was made across an open field and up a steep hill-side. The position was carried and the enemy driven in confusion from the field, leaving 10 dead but carrying off the wounded. Our loss 4 men slightly wounded.

Both officers and men displayed great gallantry and vied with each other to be foremost in the charge. Captain Stiles, commanding Second Battalion, and Lieutenant Watson, Company I, were a host in themselves and deserve special mention. At Pontotoc, Miss., on the 11th of July, after slight skirmishing, Captain Bandy, with two companies (K and M), charged and drove the enemy from the town.

During the battle of Tupelo, Miss., July 14, and 15, the regiment was engaged in watching the flanks, with but slight skirmishing.

Returned to Memphis on the 22nd of July. Distance marched, 350 miles.

The superiority of the Spencer carbine as a cavalry arm was clearly demonstrated.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. HORTON,

Major Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

