
Kentucky. General Morgan took us prisoners, and at Morgan's suggestion we came here under escort of three rebel officers as prisoners with flag of truce. We all refused to accept anything like a parole after the fight, and came here with rebel officers at Morgan's suggestion to place ourselves in immediate communication with the military authorities of United States for the purpose of obtaining an exchange for officers of equal with ourselves. If we waited we were to return with rebel officers to Morgan. General Slemmer, at Cincinnati, says the officers are prisoners of war. No stated time is given for return to Morgan. I request instructions concerning the matter. Will send an officer to Lexington with fuller statement. Not obliged to not lake up arms or not give information.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky, Lexington, Ky., June 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 11th instant, with 600 men, One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard, I attacked one brigade of Morgan's force at Keller's Bridge, estimated at 800 men; drove them from the field, with some loss to my own and enemy's forces. Rebels re-enforced and again made their appearance with force of 1,500 men, and were again driven from the field. At this point my force was reduced to 400 men, very much exhausted from loss of sleep and hard fighting. Rebels again rallied, when the engagement became general. My command being insufficient to protect my rear and flanks, I was completely surrounded and compelled to surrender. At this time my force consisted of 300 men and officers. My losses were variously estimated. I believe, however, that the killed and wounded amounted to not less than 700 men and officers. General Morgan proposed that the field officers of One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard, with myself and staff, should place ourselves in communication with the military authorities of the U. S. Army for the purpose of effecting an exchange for officers of equal rank. This I agreed to, upon consultation with Colonel Asper, Lieutenant- Colonel Harmon, and Major Fowler, of One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard. We were escorted from Keller's Bridge to Falmouth, Ky., under flag of truce. On our arrival at Falmouth the rebel officers were arrested by the military authorities and held as prisoners of war. I telegraphed you my situation, and stated to you that I was not under obligations not to give information of the enemy's movements. I would not obligate myself not to take up arms against the so-called Southern Confederacy, to accept anything like a parole. You will see from the inclosed paper* my exact situation, which I am morally bound to comply with, and hope you will use your influence with the War Department for an exchange of officers of equal rank. In accepting the terms mentioned in the inclosed paper, it was done on my part at the earnest solicitations of Colonel J. F. Asper, Lieutenant-Colonel Harmon, and Major Fowler, of the One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard, 100-days' men. I refused positively to accept any terms in violation of the cartel, and informed General Morgan that I was his prisoner, and

