
Numbers 44. Report of Lieutenant General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

OKOLONA, July 14, 1864.

GENERAL: We attacked column of enemy under Smith, yesterday, on march from Pontotoc to Tupelo, causing him to burn many wagons.

Attacked him in position at Tupelo this morning. Could not force his position. The battle was a drawn one, and lasted three hours. We are in strong position, and can repulse an attack.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

General B. BRAGG.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully, submitted to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, for his information.

Numbers 45. Report of Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Okolona, August 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of my troops in the engagements commending at Pontotoc on the 13th and ending near Harrisburg, Miss., on the 15th of July:

My scouts reported the enemy in strong force at La Grange, Tenn., on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and kept me constantly advised of his movements.

On the 5th he was reported advancing upon Ripley.

On the 6th I was advised that he was moving toward Tupelo be Ellistown. I immediately ordered General Buford to send Colonel Bell's brigade to Ellistown to guard the approach of the enemy in that direction.

On the morning of the 9th I ordered General Buford to move from Tupelo and to join Colonel Bell at Ellistown. At the same time I ordered Colonel Mabry, commanding a brigade of Mississippians, to move from Saltillo and report to General Buford at Ellistown. The enemy after reaching Ellis' Mills turned abruptly down the road toward New Albany and Pontotoc. I ordered General Buford to pursue him, to hang upon his flanks, and to develop his strength, but to avoid a general engagement by gradually falling back toward Okolona if the enemy pressed him.

On the evening of the 10th I ordered General Chalmers to send one of his brigade to Pontotoc, and if possible to reach there before the enemy arrived, and to move with his other brigade to the infantry camps at the crossing of the Tupelo and Pontotoc with the Chesterville and Okolona roads.

On the night of the 10th I gave General Chalmers full instructions, and ordered General Buford to report to him. The enemy was reported slowly and cautiously advancing. I ordered General Chalmers to hold

