
loch's brigade, being well posted in reserve, covered the retreat and the enemy did not pursue.

On the evening of the 14th the enemy commenced to burn the houses in Harrisburg, and I advanced with McCulloch's brigade, some skirmishers from the First MISSISSIPPI Infantry, and one piece of artillery to feel for their position, and found it strongly taken at Harrisburg. The artillery obtained a good position and did much execution, throwing shell into the fires which the enemy had kindled, and by the light of which he could be seen moving about. After some skirmishing, in which we lost 6 men wounded, we retired after dark to our old position. About this time Major-General Forrest, with Rucker's brigade, mounted, moved on the enemy's left and approached very near to his camps. His (the enemy') first line fell back upon the main body, and at once opened the heaviest fire of small-arms which was heard during the engagement. We sufficient but little, however. The enemy is reported to have suffered very severely. It is supposed that their own men fired into each other in the darkness of the night.

On the morning of the 15th we awaited an attack from the enemy until about 11 o'clock, when, finding he could not be drawn, out from his chosen ground, I was ordered forward with McCulloch's brigade (mounted) to ascertain where he was and what he was doing. After skirmishing about an hour I got in sight of the Ellistown road, and found him retreating, and at once reported the fact to Lieutenant-General Lee. As soon as we could get ready our entire line was advanced on Harrisburg, the enemy's rear fell back, and the pursuit began. General Bufford's DIVISION led our advance, and I followed with McCulloch's brigade. When we reached [Old] Town Creek, four miles fro Tupelo, the enemy's whole force was found encamped and waiting for the assault.

General Buford's pursuing column was met by a vigorous attack from the enemy, who was in position, and he was soon driven back in confusion. Three very emphatic orders were sent me to hurry forward McCulloch's brigade into the fight, and they were put into it by regiments before I could have the brigade formed; consequently the advanced regiments were driven back in confusion before the rear could be engaged.

I was ordered to send one regiment, mounted to the corn-field on the left, and taking Forrest's regiment (Lieutenant-Colonel Kelley), I went with it myself until I received a notification from one of my staff that the enemy was 100 yards in my rear and on my right, but I could not see them, nor they me, because of the corn and slight ridge, separating us. At the same time that I received this information I received orders from General Forrest to assume command and withdraw the troops, as he was wounded. I returned at once to the rear and found our men falling back and the enemy pressing up to the position on which I had left my brigade, and Colonel R. McCulloch severely wounded. I sent orders to General Buford at once to form his men, and received an answer that he could not form. On repeating my order I was told he had formed three companies. I drew McCulloch's brigade back about 400 yards in rear of the position from which we had been driven, and formed them in line, mounted. We waited about one hour to see if the enemy would advance. As he did not, I ordered the brigade back to its camp in accordance with instructions I had received to withdraw the troops, and went in person in search of Lieutenant-General Lee. I found him striving to rally General Buford's DIVISION, and determined not to withdraw. General Buford was ordered to picket the position which we then held, and I was ordered to relieve him at 3 o'clock next morning; but as General Bufford could not collect men enough from his DIVISION to hold the

