
position McCulloch's brigade was ordered back, and held it during the night.

The enemy commenced his retreat next morning, and I pursued him two days with Rucker's and Roddey's brigades, and skirmished with them slightly as directed, losing men wounded. The enemy returned by way of New Albany instead of moving straight forward from Ellistown of Kelly's Mill, as scouts reported they were moving, and thus foiled an attack on his flank which General Roddey had prepared to make near Kelly's Mill. The enemy was superior to ours in numbers, and awaited us in strongly-selected and fortified positions, acting always on the defensive; consequently we were repulsed with heavy loss in every engagement, yet our men exhibited the most desperate courage, and sustained themselves as well as men would in so unequal a contest.

My brigade commanders (Cols. Robert McCulloch and Edmund W. Rucker) displayed their proverbial gallantry and were conspicuous in the fight, and I regret to report both severely wounded in the front lines of their respective brigades. Colonel W. L. Duff was wounded in the arm while charging with his usual impetuosity, and Lieutenant-Colonel Chalmers had his horse killed in the fight; but where all fought with a stubborn valor, which struck terror to the hearts of superior numbers and made them stand closely to their fortified positions, it is needless to name individuals.

Our loss was severe and much to be lamented. The Seventh Tennessee mourns the loss of Captains Statler and Charlie Claiborne; the Eighteenth Mississippi, Captain Middleton; the Second Missouri, Lieutenant Murray; all noble and daring young men, and who gave undoubted promise that with life spared they would have filled high places in the army of the Confederacy.

To my own staff-Captain W. A. Goodman, assistant adjutant-general; Major B. S. Crump and Major A. G. Mills; Capts. L. T. Lindsey and Ed. Daley; Lieutenant G. T. Banks and Lieutenant H. Ginder, of the Engineer Corps-I must return my acknowledgment. Their bearing throughout was in the highest degree commendable. At the same time it is just that I particularize Captain Goodman for rare coolness, activity, and daring.

The loss of my command is in killed, in wounded as will be seen by reference to list,* marked A, in appendix herewith forwarded.

For a more particular and detailed account of the part taken by this command in these several engagements I refer you to the reports* of my subordinate officers, herewith forwarded, marked B.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the robbery and desolation which attended the march of the invading army. Every species of vandalism was committed. Not only were non-combatant citizens maltreated, their houses rifled of clothing, money, and other valuables, besides the theft of every pound of bacon and every ounce of meal, but the same course of rapine and cruelty was shown toward unprotected widows and orphans, who were stripped of their all, and in many cases turned out of doors, with nothing left them save the wearing apparel upon their persons. Cows and calves were killed from mere wantonness, and left in private yards and on the public thoroughfares.

Although our loss in killed and wounded was severe, we nevertheless succeeded in driving the enemy back. He may have destroyed much valuable property and produced great suffering and hardship in the immediate line of his march, yet the great, grand, and leading object of his raid-the destruction of these rich valleys and prairies, with their

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

