
that he could dispose of me as the thought best. This statement, if necessary, will be concurred in by the officers serving under me at the time the inclosed agreement was signed.

I have endeavored during the recent troubles in this State to perform my duty as an officer and soldier.

The small force under my command, with but [few] exceptions, deserves the greatest praise for coolness and gallantry, and especially Colonel Asper, Lieutenant-Colonel Harmon, and Major Fowler, of One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard; also Captains Butler and Lott, Lieutenant Osborn, Eleventh Michigan, Cavalry, and Lieutenant Arnett, FIFTY-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry, of my staff, are entitled to the greatest credit for promptness, coolness, and bravery during the fight.

As soon as possible a full and complete report of the fight at Keller's Bridge will be forwarded to your headquarters.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Kentucky.

FALMOUTH, KY., June 14 [24], 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of my operations since leaving mouth of Beaver Creek, Big Sandy River, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Burbridge:

On the 5th of June I proceeded, with my staff and escort, via Paintsville, to Louisa taking one day and a half to make the distance. On arriving at Louisa I took a push-boat and forty men and proceeded down the Big Sandy. About four miles from Louisa we met the small boat Rover and returned her back, unloading the stores into the push-boat, which returned to Louisa. The Rover arrived at Catlettsburg at about 2 p. m. of the same day, as I would not permit her to stop for passengers or freight. At 5 p. m. we took passage on the Ohio No. 3 (except the escort, which was left at Louisa) and arrived at Cincinnati, Ohio, at 12 m. on the 8th of June. I did not stop in Cincinnati, but crossed to Covington, expecting to go by rail to Lexington on special train, which I had ordered by telegraph from Catlettsburg. Arriving at Covington Captain Butler, assistant adjutant-general of my staff, informed me that it had been reported to him that the road was cut, and he had been to the railroad office and had learned that such was the case. I then heard of the capture of Mount Sterling by Morgan and the destruction of two bridges on Kentucky Central Railroad, and knowing there was but a small force to oppose Morgan, and that nearly all my mounted force was with General Burbridge in the hills of Eastern Kentucky, I immediately gathered up the men at Covington, intending to advance toward Lexington, and to my chagrin I found only 230 men could be raised, including the militia which I had ordered to be called out. There were nine miles of fortifications around Covington to protect, and this force was much too small to do it. I represented the scarcity of troops in Kentucky and the situation to Governor Morton, of Indiana, and Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Northern Department.

3 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

