
perfectly exhausted, most of whom were insensible. About 2 p. m. I received orders to move up, as the enemy were evidently retreating on the road to Ellistown, and to pursue him vigorously. I marched on the Harrisburg and Ellistown road, Bell's brigade in the advance, and commenced the pursuit. Rice's battery was also ordered to report to me. I overtook the enemy's rear at Old Town Creek, five miles from Tupelo. I ordered Rice's battery immediately in position on elevated ground, which commanded the bottom and the crossing of the creek, and opened on the retiring enemy. I formed Bell's and Crossland's brigades on eight side of the road and moved forward. From casualties of action, from exhaustion, and from broken-down horses, my DIVISION, now composed of those two brigades (Mabry's having been sent on another road), was reduced to less than a thousand. I drove the enemy's rear before me to the creek bottom, with considerable loss. Rice's battery did good execution. The enemy finding himself pushed in the rear immediately re- enforced his rear guard with two brigades of infantry, whom I fought for thirty minutes. The support I was expecting not arriving, and the force of the enemy being so much superior to my own, I was forced to withdraw. Colonel McCulloch came up soon afterward with his brigade, engaged the enemy, and was driven back. The DIVISION was then, by order, withdrawn from the pursuit, and returned to camp near Harrisburg.

Words are inadequate to express the daring action, the imperturbable bravery, the indomitable endurance exhibited by both officers and men. The country has rarely witnessed such boldness of execution as was performed by the troops of the DIVISION. They attacked with precision and earnestness, determined not to give up the struggle until the enemy was driven from the field.

The long list of dead and wounded echo the history of their actions. To Colonel Harrison, Lieutenant-Colonels Cage and Nelson, and Major McCay, of Mabry's brigade of Mississippians, who fell in the foremost rank, every meed of praise for bravery, coolness, and gallant bearing on the march, and especially in action, is due. They fill a soldier's grave, deeply lamented, but are a monument of themselves, the reflection of whose lives will add to the determination of their surviving comrades to fight on until the blessings of peace and independence crown our efforts.

The brave and lamented Sherrill, lieutenant-colonel Seventh Kentucky, deserves the most commendable notice for his actions. A modest, retiring officer, he was yet found in the thickest of the fight cheering forward his men until the missile of death laid him low.

The long list of field and line officers and men wounded shows the deadly nature of the conflict, and their daring and devotion to duty.

I take the highest pleasure in mentioning as worthy of the notice of their superiors and of the Government the following-named officers: Brigadier General T. H. Bell, commanding brigade; Colonel Ed. Crossland, commanding brigade, who was severely wounded; Colonel H. P. Mabry, commanding brigade (the coolness with which these officers maneuvered their commands under a most galling fire, their ready appreciation of position and full obedience to all orders, were specially noted); Cols. W. W. Faulkner, Faulkner's (Kentucky) regiment; R. M. Russell, Fifteenth Tennessee; A. N. Wilson, SIXTEENTH Tennessee; C. R. Barteau, Second Tennessee; J. F. Newsom, Newsom's (Tennessee) regiment (all wounded); G. A. C. Holt, THIRD Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonels Stockdale, Fourth Confederate [Fourth MISSISSIPPI Cavalry] (wounded); A. R. Shacklett, Eighth Kentucky; Wisdom, Newsom's (Tennessee) regiment (wounded); J. A.

Forrest, SIXTEENTH Tennessee; and Majors Hale, Seventh Ken-

