
tucky (severely wounded); Parham, SIXTEENTH Tennessee (wounded), and T. S. Tate, Faulkner's (Kentucky) regiment, all displayed evidences of soldierly qualities, both in action in the manner of handing their troops, that merit approbation from all superiors. Captain Rice, Rice's battery, should not be forgotten; his battery did fine execution. The gallant list of nine officers who fully performed all duties required of them should not be forgotten by their generals. To the privates no flattering words can add to their deeds. If we desire to look for deeds of noble daring, and of imitation, we must go to the ranks.

For particular mention of officers and men I refer to accompanying reports of brigade and regiment commanders.

The loss sustained by my DIVISION, including Mabry's brigade was; Officers-killed, 22; wounded, 104; total, 126. Enlisted men- killed, 131; wounded, 694; total, 825. Grand total, 951. That sustained by the enemy was much heavier, and does not fall short of 2,000. The missing amount to 48, including 3 officers.

In conclusion, I would call attention to the meritorious actions of my staff. They cheerfully, promptly, and with bravery carried order and performed every duty required of them. I am especially indebted to Chief Surg. Thomas F. Clardy, who, in addition to his professional duties, materially aided me as aide-camp. I am also indebted to Lieutenant D. A. Given, aide-de-camp, and acting assistant adjutant-general in the absence of Captain Crowder; Captain F. G. Terry, Eighth Kentucky, acting assistant inspector- general, and to Major Matthews and Captain James, volunteer aides, for their devotion. I was deprived by sickness of the aid of Captain Thomas M. Crowder, assistant adjutant-general; Major H. Nicholson, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant D. E. Myers, aide, who were at hospital.

I would call attention to the energy and promptness displayed by Lieutenant John D. Gardner, ordnance officer of the DIVISION, who, being the only officer who had his train of ordnance on the field, distributed to the whole army. This officer has always been on the ground, diligent in the discharge of his duties, ready at all times, and merits promotion.

I would mention as performing their whole duty faithfully and fearlessly Captain William Campbell and eighty men of Morgan's command, who, having escaped through the lines in this direction, volunteered for the fight. Their loss was 5 killed, 19 wounded, and 2 missing.

My escort (Captain J. Clay Horne, Company M, THIRD Kentucky Regiment) were ever ready to obey all orders required of them, and gave valuable information of movements and disposition of enemy.

The record of this action shows that the Second DIVISION performed with alacrity and spirit every duty required of them, whether in attacking the enemy in front, on the flank, or on the pursuit, and few troops have ever borne themselves on a field with more distinguished courage, with more patient endurance, or with the loss of so many field officers, there being seven regiments which were deprived of every field officer by the casualties of action.

A list of the killed and wounded is herewith appended.

My command was supplied with forage and provisions through the exertion of my chief quartermaster, Captain J. L. Lea, and my acting commissary, Major R. R. Finch.

A. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

Major J. P. STRANGE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

