
of infantry on the 12th instant, and I thereupon assumed command of the brigade. The brigade was then watching the movements of the enemy, who was encamped near Pontotoc.

On the morning of the 13th I received orders to move forward on the Chauappa Valley road on the flanks of the enemy, who were marching to Tupelo. Bell's brigade was in the advance. Late in the evening firing in front gave intimation that an attack had been made, and soon afterward I received orders to move rapidly forward. Faulkner's (Kentucky) regiment was sent at full speed and I followed as quickly as possible with the THIRD, Seventh, and Eight Kentucky Regiments. I found that General Buford had attacked the enemy on his flank near Calhoun's Cross-Roads with Bell's brigade. When I arrived Bell's brigade was falling back in some confusion. I dismounted, formed line, and covered his retreat, and awaited an attack from the enemy. Colonel Bell reformed his brigade on my line. The enemy not attacking us, we were remounted and pursued him to within two miles of Harrisburg.

Halting, the brigade was ordered on picket a short distance in advance, and throwing forward a strong line of skirmishers, I rested for the night.

Early in the morning my skirmishers engaged those of the enemy, keeping up a brisk and constant fire. About 7 o'clock my brigade was formed in line on the right of the road, Mabry's brigade being on my left and Roddey's DIVISION on my right. I was ordered to move forward to the attack. I drove in the enemy's line of skirmishers, and when within 500 yards discovered the enemy's position. Though ordered to move surely and steadily, it was impossible to restrain the ardor of my men. Believing that they were strongly supported both on the right and left, raising a shout they charge forward on the enemy's line, keeping up a constant and destructive fire. Arriving within 200 yards of the enemy's line, exposed during the whole time in an open field to a most terrific fire of artillery and small-arms from a force greatly superior to their own and strongly intrenched, the enemy suddenly opened an enfilading fire from both flanks. This fire was most destructive to my line. Roddey's DIVISION had for some cause not advanced with my brigade. The enemy perceiving this turned his batteries (planted in Roddey's front) upon my advancing line. His infantry also opened a cross- fire. The failure of Roddey's DIVISION to advance, and thus the fire of the enemy on my right flank, was fatal to my men. The line wavered for a moment, but they seemed endued with fresh vigor, and again charged forward, intent upon carrying the enemy's works and driving him before them; but the fire was too galling. The ranks were decimated; they were literally mowed down. Some of my best officers were either killed or wounded. The brigade was compelled to fall back; not, however, until it had reached the enemy's line. Some of my brave men fell within the enemy's works, some within a few feet of them, and Colonel Faulkner had his horse killed under him in a few yards of the enemy and he himself severely wounded. The troops fell back to the road in confusion, being subjected to the same direct and oblique fire in retreating for a distance of over 500 yards. It was soon rallied, but my men were exhausted; the heat was most intense. For an hour they had been under a terrific fire, and after reforming I was ordered to rest. I soon received an order to move with the brigade on the road leading from Verona to Tupelo, and guard against any advance the enemy might make on the former place. I did so, but no movement was made by the enemy.

