
Numbers 49. Report of Colonel Gustavus A. C. Holt, THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry.

Arriving at the regiment on the night of the 14th instant, resumed command, and with the brigade, moved on the Verona and Tupelo road to the front on the succeeding morning at early daylight. After advancing nearly three miles the command was dismounted, prepared for action, and thrown into line of battle on the right of the road in the field. Skirmishers were deployed and moved in advance of the line, and after driving the enemy's skirmishers to the timber beyond the field, near three-quarters of a mile the place where the line began, the advance came in contact with his line of battle in position in the skirts of the woods, and were driven back on our line, with some loss. Our line was then halted to receive the attack. It came, and was easily driven back, leaving his dead on the field. Remaining in the field until 2 p. m., without shade of any kind and but poorly, supplied with water, one-fourth of the regiment was compelled to leave the field or be carried off by the Infantry Corps, through exhaustion and overheat; and when the command was again mounted to pursue the enemy not more than three- fourths of the regiment were able to take the saddle. We then pursued the enemy four or five miles, came up with him, finding him in line on a small creek. The Seventh Kentucky Regiment was dismounted and moved forward, and then the THIRD Kentucky Regiment to its support. After advancing some 400 yards, over an open field, under a sharp fire, we took position on the slope of a hill and in the woods on the right, and after maintaining a severe contest for near half an hour were repulsed and compelled to retire and take position a little to the left and rear of our former position. Becoming exhausted from labor and overheat, I left the field and was taken to the field hospital, and within half an hour the regiment was remounted and then encamped for the night at a creek a mile or two in the rear.

Accompanying this is a list of the casualties of this regiment. *

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. C. HOLT,

Colonel THIRD Kentucky Regiment.

Captain W. D. McKAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 50. Report of Captain S. Paine Ridgway, THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD Kentucky REGIMENT,July 19, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the late engagements with the enemy, at and near Harrisburg, Miss:

On the 9th instant, Colonel Holt having been detached with two companies of the regiment, I assumed command of the eight remaining companies and moved, with the brigade, toward Ripley, Miss. Before reaching this point the direction was changed, and we moved toward Pontotoc, Miss., which point we reached early on the morning of the 10th instant, camping about eight miles southeast of the town.

---------------

* Not found, but see Buford's return, p. 335.

---------------

