
Numbers 52. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. R. Shacklett, Eight Kentucky Mounted Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH Kentucky REGIMENT CAVALRY,Near Pikeville, Miss., July 23, 1864.

The following report of the actions of the Eighth Kentucky Regiment and a detachments of Captains Campbell an Estes, of Morgan's command, in the late engagement is respectfully submitted:

On the 9th instant hearing that the enemy was moving out in the direction of Ellistown, we moved in the direction, but soon learned that the enemy was moving on Pontotoc. We marched all night to meet him; passed through town and took position on the Pontotoc and Okolona road, where we remained until the 12th instant, when we had a slight skirmish, the enemy driving in our advance and flanking our position, which caused us to fall back two miles, where we remained until the morning of the 13th, when we were joined by Captains Campbell and Estes, with ninety of General Morgan's men, who were cut off from their command while in Kentucky. In the mean time the enemy had moved by the left flank on the Tupelo road. My regiment moved on a parallel road (Camargo), coming upon their right flank late in the evening, pressing forward until 10 p. m. We then halted, dismounted, threw forward skirmishers, and held our horses in line until sunrise. Soon after our advance we engaged the enemy and drove him half a mile.

We were then ordered to move our line forward. After moving half a mile the enemy's batteries opened upon our line, which was formed in single rank. When we had moved within 800 yards of the enemy's works we were ordered to charge through an open field, and when within 100 yards we were met with a terrific shower of bullets from their infantry and an iron hail from their artillery simultaneously. Batteries being placed on both flanks opened with grape and canister upon our shattered line, thinned by exhaustion from the burning sun and our rapid march. Still we pressed forward until within thirty yards of their works, when a terrific fire of musks to retire, killing and wounding one-half of my command before we returned beyond the range of the enemy's guns. On the following morning we moved and attacked the enemy's left, flanking his position and causing him to retreat on the Ellistown road, pursuing him vigorously, and were hotly engaged until late in the evening, when we were repulsed and returned to Harrisburg.

The officers and men of my regiment acted with their usual gallantry, and the highest praise is due all for their good behavior. Both officers and men of Morgan's detachments acted with unsurpassed bravery and coolness.

I submit the following list of casualties in my regiment, including General Morgan's detachment: Number of men in engagement, 115.

Number of men killed, 8; wounded, 40; missing, 7; total, 55.

Respectfully submitted and forwarded.

A. R. SHACKLETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. D. McKAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

