
but by whose orders I know not. After arriving within 200 yards of the works in our front, subject all the time to a most terrific fire of artillery and small-arms from a force superior to our own, the enemy suddenly opened an enfilading fire of artillery and infantry from both flanks. This fire was the most destructive I ever saw, yet not a man wavered, but all went forward, charging to the front, seemingly intent on one of two things-the capture of the works in front or annihilation. At the [this] point Colonel Faulkner's horse was struck by a Parrott shell and instantly killed. He was also severely wounded, but kept on his feet, and I supposed would remain in command; in fact, I did not even know that he was wounded until afterward. I pushed forward the left of the regiment until some of the men were within thirty yards of the works. Private A. P. Hill, of Company E, was killed in twenty steps of the works. He was the nearest man to the works. Ensign G. W. Dunn was also killed very near the rifle-pits while gallantly bearing his colors ahead of the line. He fell as it became a brave man, wrapped in the colors he had so gallantly borne. Captain J. F. Melton, snatched them from under his body and carried them through the fight. About this time I heard the men saying that they were falling back on our right, and on looking found that the regiment on my right had fallen back in great confusion. I ordered the left to fall back, as we were without support, and moved to the right to rally the men who were falling back. The whole brigade moved back about the same time. But whoever gave the order never gave it to me; in fact, I did not consider myself in command of the regiment. In moving back we were exposed to the heaviest fire that troops ever were put under. Seemingly not content with the speed that the enemy were slaughtering us, one of our own batteries commenced a heavy and destructive fire on us. This terrified the men more than all that the Yankees could pour into us. I rallied the most of my regiment in the field, but was ordered by Colonel Crossland to move back farther. This I did, and halted about 1,000 yards from the enemy's position. Owing to the rapidity of our retreat and the great number of wounded it was impossible to bring them all off, and some of the severely wounded fell into the hands of the enemy. After getting back I received orders to mount and move down to Calhouns' Creek-Roads and contest the advance of the enemy from Verona. I moved rapidly, took position, but the enemy did not advance. I remained there during the night, picketing the road leading from Verona to Harrisburg.

The next morning we advanced toward Tupelo via Verona. We took position on the right of the road, my regiment on the left of the brigade. We skirmished with the enemy's negro troops for some time, but they would not advance. In this skirmish I lost several of my best men wounded by the sharpshooters. The heat at this position was intolerable, causing a great many men to fall where they stood in line completely exhausted. About 3 o'clock we mounted and moved on through Tupelo on the Ellistown road. About four miles north of Tupelo the brigade halted and dismounted. I was ordered to remain mounted. As soon as the brigade became engaged Lieutenant Turk [came] with an order for me to dismounted and moved down the road to join the brigade. I went as rapidly as possible and took the position assigned me, but no portion of the brigade was in sight. As I moved into position Bell's brigade came by my right flank, falling back in great disorder, and being heavily pressed by the enemy. I soon encountered the enemy's cavalry advancing to the charge. I opened on them and drove them before me; their loss very heavy. We saw a

