
great many horses go back riderless. The fighting here was at not more than twenty feet. While I was so intent upon the force in my front, they moved a heavy force on each of my flanks and were in my rear before I saw them. I ordered my men to fall back, and by a dint of hard fighting and running I succeeded in getting out. I then formed and contested their advance until Rice's battery could get to the rear, having exhausted its ammunition. This ended the fighting, and we moved back to camp.

My loss in all the fights has been quite heavy, reaching the enormous figures of 108 out of 280.

For a report of kill adjutant's report. * All my wounded who fell into the hands of the enemy were left at Tupelo and had been very kindly treated.

In closing this report I cannot pay to high a tribute to the officers and men of this regiment for their patience, endurance, and gallantry. All did their duty cheerfully and unflinchingly. Where all did so well specifications are unnecessary.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. S. TATE, Jr.,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. D. McKAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, THIRD Brigade.

Numbers 54. Report of Captain H. A. Tyler, Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY A, FAULKNER'S (Kentucky) REGIMENT,Near Pikeville, Miss., July 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Having been by orders from DIVISION headquarters placed in command of a detachment of 100 men of the First Kentucky Regiment, THIRD Brigade, to operate upon the rear and flanks of the enemy's column in their recent raid into North Mississippi, I hereby respectfully submit an official report of the operations of said detachment:

On the morning of the 10th instant I moved out from Pontotoc, Miss., northward, taking the King's Ferry road, leading in a parallel direction and two miles and a half WEST of the Pontotoc and Ripley road, upon which road the enemy were moving southward upon Pontotoc. During the day I met two marching parties of the enemy. I drove them very promptly back upon main column.

At 4 p. m. of the 11th I moved on and took position on Pontotoc and Ripley road one mile north of and in rear of enemy's encampment on Cherry Creek. After sunrise I moved down said road, coming up with enemy's rear guard five miles north of Pontotoc. After skirmishing with them briskly thirty minutes, and failing to make an impression, I moved across two miles east into the Tuscumbia and Pontotoc road, down which General Grierson, with the main column of cavalry, was moving. When within three miles of Pontotoc on said road I met a scout of the enemy, 150 strong, which I repulsed and drove back, losing 1 man killed and 1 slightly wounded. From thence I moved across into the Pontotoc and Tupelo road. Finding this road totally abandoned by our forces, not even a scout remaining, I took position six miles east of Pontotoc on said road and encamped during the night of the 11th.

---------------

* Not found, but see Buford's return, p. 335.

---------------

