
covered a short distance beyond that the enemy was moving on the Pontotoc and Okolona road. It was determined at once to strike the enemy a severe blow, if possible. General Buford, who was present at the head of the brigade, ordered it forward as rapidly as possible. The regiments were all dismounted before crossing the creek. The Second Tennessee (Colonel Barteau), being in advance, was ordered by General Buford to form on a line parallel with the road on which the enemy was moving. The Fifteenth Tennessee (Colonel Russell), just in the rear of the Second Tennessee, was ordered to form on the left of it, two companies of which were hardly formed before the firing commenced. Newsom's and Wilson's regiments were ordered up as rapidly as possible, but not in time to enable the advanced regiments to hold their positions. No blame can certainly be attached to the men for falling back, as they were completely overpowered and forced to retire. Being comparatively new troops, that good order common to veterans was not preserved. The attack was made, doubtless, thinking the other brigade of the DIVISION was near enough to come up to my assistance. The brigade was halted some three-quarters of a mile in the rear on the road we came up on, the order brigade having arrived a short time before this. Our loss in killed and wounded for the time the brigade was engaged was quite heavy, each regiment sacrificing some of its best officers and bravest men. The engagement continued but for a few minutes, during which we were under a hot fire in our front and on our left flank also.

The conduct of the men and officers before retreating was alike gallant and commendable. The enemy did not pursue our retreat, but moved on toward Tupelo. After resting quietly for a few moments, and waiting for other troops, who had come up by this time, to pass, we moved up to the point of attack and encamped for the fight, with instructions to be saddled and ready to move at 2 o'clock the next morning, the 14th.

We rested, however, until after dayLight, when orders were received to march. We had gone but a short distance when we dismounted and moved forward to attack the enemy. My brigade was placed on the extreme left of the line, the Fifteenth Tennessee on the right, and the Second Tennessee on the left, the SIXTEENTH and Newsom's regiments in the center. My brigade marched out before the enemy just in the rear of Marby's, which was temporarily attached to the Second DIVISION, and which, after fighting for some time in front of the enemy's fortifications, retired, leaving my brigade to take its place. The officers and men acted their part well, approaching within seventy-five yards of the breast-works, and maintaining their position under a most galling fire until the ammunition was well night exhaust, and they were ordered to give way to another brigade, leaving a good many of our dead and wounded on the field. The place was truly a hot one, and the enemy's position strong and commanding, well selected, and well fortified. The loss of the brigade in killed and wounded, both with the officers and the men, was immense. Praise is alike due to them for their gallantry in this hard-fought battle. We fell back to our horses, where we dismounted in the morning, remounted, and moved back to Palmetto Church, on the road leading from Verona to Pontotoc, where we remained all night.

On the morning of the 15th we moved back to the cross-roads at Doctor Calhoun's there to await the movement of the enemy either from Verona or Harrisburg, the field of action the day previous. After waiting an hour or more orders were received to move toward Harrisburg, which was done until we reached the Coonewar, where we turned to the right and moved in the direction of Verona, some two or two

