
and a half miles south of Tupelo. Here the brigade was divided-a part with General Forrest, a part with General Buford, and a part with myself, all of which were skirmishing with the enemy more or less during the day. About 2 o'clock in the evening General Forrest sent word that the enemy was retreating, and our DIVISION must move up in pursuit of him. The order was promptly executed, my brigade in front, with the DIVISION commander at its head. Colonel Wilson, in advance of the brigade, was soon ordered forward at a double- quick after the enemy. Colonel Newsom was ordered by way of Tupelo to go on the extreme right and attack the enemy on his left flank; the other two (Barteau's and Russell's) regiment were ordered to halt and give place to the artillery. Colonel Wilson's regiment moved forward but a short distance, coming upon the enemy's rear, when a brisk fire ensued. He charged the enemy, driving him back to Old Town Creek. By this time the Second and Fifteenth Regiment arrived, dismounted, and went forward into the fight. The regiments acted gallantly on this occasion until they were forced to retire in consequence of the overwhelming numbers of the enemy.

During the series of engagements which the brigade had with the enemy the loss in field officers was great. Colonels Barteau, Russell, Wilson, Newsom, and Major Parham were all wounded. Special praise is due them for their conduct in the several engagements.

The total loss in killed and wounded of the brigade is 47 killed on the field, and 355 wounded, making an aggregate of 402.

My acting aide-de-camp (R. P. Caldwell), acting assistant inspector-general (P. A. Smith), and acting assistant adjutant- general (R. D. Clark) were prompt in carrying orders to the different portions of my brigade, and were with me, except when ordered off on duty, in the hottest of the fights, and discharged their duties well. Lieutenant Hurt, who has been acting adjutant for Colonel James D. Porter, was with me in the engagements, and is entitled to much credit and praise for the service rendered by him.

Respectfully submitted.

T. H. BELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain Thomas M. CROWDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 56. Report of Colonel Hinchie P. Mabry, THIRD Texas Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MABRY'S BRIGADE CAVALRY,Near Okolona, Miss., July 20, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of the action of my command in the recent engagements with the enemy:

On the 9th instant, while at Saltillo, I was ordered to report with my command to Brigadier-General Buford at Ellistown, whither he was moving with his DIVISION. On my arrival at that place, about 2 p. m., I was ordered to send one regiment (Sixth MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, Colonel Isham Harrison commanding) on the road to Plentytude to operate on the flank and rear of the enemy, who was then moving down on the road from New Albany to Pontotoc. With the balance of my command I proceeded to Pontotoc, near which place I reached at 2 a. m. on the

