
10th instant, in advance of the enemy. After daylight I continued the march on the road from Pontotoc to Okolona to about seven miles southeast of Pontotoc, where I remained until the enemy reached the latter place. The Sixth MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, which had been sent to Plentytude, was ordered after skirmishing with the enemy to fall back to Chesterville and Okolona. The loss in the skirmish was only 6 wounded, when the regiment fell back as directed in good order.

On the 12th the Fourteenth Confederate, Lieutenant-Colonel Cage commanding, engaged the advance of the enemy, supported by Lyon's brigade, of Buford's DIVISION, and a sharp skirmish was kept up during the day, with but little loss in my command. The Fourth MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Stockdale commanding, was sent on the road leading from Pontotoc to Houston to guard the left flank, but was not engaged, and was recalled in the morning and held, together with the Thirty-eight MISSISSIPPI Mounted Infantry, Major R. C. McCay commanding, during the balance of the day in rear of Lyon's brigade as reserve. The Fourteenth Confederate was relieved about 10 p. m. by the Thirty-eight MISSISSIPPI Mounted Infantry.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 13th I was ordered to take position on the front with my three regiments. About 6 a. m. I discovered that the enemy was withdrawing from my front on the Pontotoc and Okolona roads. I at once notified General Buford of the fact and began to follow up the foe. General Lee and Forrest came to the front and directed my movements until we reached Pontotoc, where my advance halted and waited for the balance of my command, which had been sent well out on the flanks, to come up. Colonel Harrison, commanding Sixth MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, shortly afterward joined me from Okolona. The enemy took the road to Tupelo. I pressed his rear with vigor for about five miles, when he made a stand until General Forrest arrived with two pieces of artillery and opened on him. We continued to follow him up vigorously, having several sharp skirmishes during the day, and did not halt until 2 o'clock next morning, when we had reached a point within one mile of Harrisburg. Lyon's brigade was then sent to the front to picket and I withdrew until daylight.

On the 14th my command was placed on the left of General Buford's DIVISION, dismounted, and formed a part of the first line of attack. The enemy's lines were extended across the road from Pontotoc to Tupelo at Harrisburg. He had constructed temporary fortifications on a strong position on the crest of a ridge. In his front were large, open fields, with occasional small skirmish of woods. The ground was gently undulating, affording no protection to our troops on any part of the line. As soon as my command advanced within range of the enemy's artillery he opened on me a furious cannonade. My line advanced steadily, driving a heavy line of skirmishers back to the fortifications. A most terrific fire of small-arms was opened on me when we were within about 300 yards of the works. I immediately ordered a charge, but the heat was no intense and the distance so great that some men and officers fell exhausted and fainting along my line, while the fire from the enemy's line of works by both artillery and small-arms was so heavy and well directed that many were killed and wounded. These two causes of depletion left my line, almost like a line of skirmishers. At about sixty yards from the enemy's works, seeing that my line was too much weakened to drive the enemy, I halted and directed the men to protect themselves by lying down a hollow and behind a low fence which covered a part of my front. I held this position until our second line came up to within about 100 yards of my rear and was repulsed, when I gave

