
the order to fall back. My loss in the hollow and in falling back was severe. Colonel Isham Harrison, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Nelson, of the Sixth Mississippi; Major Robert C. McCay, of the Thirty-eight Mississippi, Mounted Infantry, were killed, and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas R. Stockdale, commanding the Fourth MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, severely, and Lieutenant Colonel John B. Cage, commanding Fourteenth Confederate Cavalry, mortally, wounded. All of my regimental and nearly all of my company commanders of three regiments having been killed or wounded I was unable to prosecute the attack with any hope of success. My horse having been killed near the enemy, I had to intrust much to my acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant W. H. Gee, and Captain J. R. Chambers, assistant inspector-general, to conduct the line to the rear, the gallantry of which officers was conspicuous. About 250 yards in the rear my line was halted, when another line was thrown in front, when my command was withdrawn. Such gallantry as was exhibited by both officers and men scarcely finds its equal on any field; on none has it been excelled. To th memory of those who fell too much praise cannot be awarded.

On the morning of the 15th instant th Fourteenth Confederate Cavalry occupied the front, skirmishing with the enemy. I was sent with three regiments on the road leading to Chesterville, to guard our left flank, where I remained until after the enemy retreated.

Where all acted their part so gallantly it would be invidious to make conspicuous mention of any. The bloody record of their prowess speaks their praise.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. P. MABRY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain Thomas M. CROWDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 57. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas T. Barnett, THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry, commanding dismounted men.

IN CAMP THIRD Kentucky REGIMENT,

Near Pikeville, Miss., July 23, 1864.,

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the dismounted regiment, Forrest's cavalry, in the late engagement at Harrisburg, Miss.:

On the 12th instant, at Okolona, Miss., I received orders from the major-general commanding to hold my command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. Soon afterward I received an order to move my command at 6 p. m. on the Okolona and Pontotoc road, in the direction of Pontotoc, which I did. After marching until about 2 a. m. received orders to halt and bivouac and be ready to move at daylight. At daylight I received orders from Brigadier-General Lyon, commanding DIVISION of infantry, to move my command in front of the infantry command and on the road to Pontotoc. After marching until about 11 o'clock we came to a halt about two miles from Pontotoc to let the cavalry pass on another road en route of the retreating Federals. From there we moved in the direction of Tupelo, and after marching until dark we bivouacked, with orders to be ready to move at 12 p. m., at

