
which time we moved, and at 9 a. m. on the 14th instant I arrived in the vicinity of the battle-field with my men very much fatigued from the extreme warm weather and night marches. Here I formed line of battle and threw up some defenses formed of rails. After remaining here a short time I moved in line across an open field and threw up a second line of defenses, and there remained to the morning of the 15th instant without any fighting.

Early on the morning of the 15th instant I received orders to fall back to my first line of breast-works, and also to leave in front of my second line a strong line of skirmishers. It was but a little time until skirmishing commenced very heavily, and my skirmishers were pressed back to the defenses of my second line, and there held their position until I supported them with my regiment. I then received orders to forward, which I did, and kept up a brisk fire upon the enemy until I pressed him back to his defenses in and around Harrisburg, and there I engaged their infantry and artillery until my ammunition was expended, and then I received order to retire to my line of defenses and supply myself with ammunition. I had scarcely effected this when the Federal cavalry made a dash upon my center, but were repulsed by a single volley, leaving several of their dead and wounded on the field. The causalties of my regiment in this engagement were 25 killed and wounded. We soon afterward formed line with the whole DIVISION and moved on, but did not come up with the enemy. I then received orders to encamp my regiment near Tupelo, which I did.

I am, very respectfully,

T. T. BARNETT,

Lieutenant Colonel 3rd Ky. Regiment, Commanding Dismtd. Cav., Forrest's Cav.

Captain BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 7-18, 1864. - Scouts (7th-9th and 12th-18th) from Kingston to England Cove, Tenn.

Reports of Major Thomas H. Reeves, Fourth Tennessee (Union) Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Kingston, Tenn., July 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report to you that on the 7th instant, about 7 a. m., I was informed that there were some guerrillas about Post Oak, seven miles from this place. I immediately went out in person with ten mounted scouts to ascertain the facts. I went out five miles when, I learned correctly that there were about twenty-rebels, under the command of Champ Ferguson, at or near that place pressing horses; so I knew my scout was too weak and returned to camp and pressed all the horses I could and mounted FIFTY more men and went in pursuit of them. I arrived at Post Oak at 1 p. m., and found that the rebels had taken 113 U. S. horses, which were in pasture there, and went toward Cumberland Mountains. They were then eight hours ahead of me. I pressed on as fast as possible all that day and until 8 p. m., when I was compelled to stop to graze my stock, as I had no feed with me. During the night I learned that there were about 400 more U. S. horses on the mountains at one Mr. Meade's, sent there by T. W. Fry, Jr., assistant quartermaster at this place - this was the first I knew of them being there; so, after grazing and rest-

