
ing my stock, I started out for Crossville, about 4 a. m. July 8, at which place I expected to find them, but there I learned that they (the rebels) had got the U. S. horses on the mountain, and has passed that they having then about 500 U. S. horses and mules. So I resolved to follow them again, thinking I might catch them. A portion of my stock was about giving out, so I ordered out thirty of the best horses to follow rapidly and the others to come on slowly, and again commenced the pursuit, which was continued until 12 m. July 8, without overtaking them, though we were close upon them. They left the road, took into the mountains, and as my stock was very tired I thought it best not to pursue farther. We captured 1 prisoner, retook 2, and several horses, 1 gun, &amp;c., and returned as fast as we could to do our stock justice. Much credit is due the whole command for their untiring energy. Lieutenant Patterson, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, post acting commissary of subsistence, was with me, and his services much appreciated. Lieutenant Piper, Fourth Tennessee Infantry, with his men, did good service. We returned to Kingston, July 9, 5 p. m., without any loss in men or stock.

The leaders of the rebel band were Ferguson, Hughes, Clark, and Carter, all present in person. I lost in time in trying to capture them and recover the stock, but as they were so much ahead of me and my stock fatigued I could not possibly accomplish the desired end. The information received concerning their plans, &c., will fully compensate me for the trip. I have the honor, most respectfully, to request permission to mount 100 men and prepare myself with rations, forage, &c., to make one other attempt to recover the stock, as I know that I can do it successfully, besides taking a good deal more property, which they now have concealed in England Cove. This, I am sure, could be done without much, if any, loss. I went within thirteen miles ich place they left the road, and I followed them ten miles fartherntains. We are all very much fatigued and worn out. There is a mystery somewhere about them getting the stock, as the man who had it in charge was notified the night before that they were coming, and did not let me know it. I now have him in jail and will investigate the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. REEVES,

Major, Commanding Forces.

Lieutenant P. S. ABBOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the report of Major Reeves, Fourth Tennessee Infantry, commanding at Kingston. It was forwarded to me from Loudon by Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson, and was received this morning. Orders have been given and an effort will be made to recover the stock and punish the raiders.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

