
nothing reliable could be obtained. The major-commanding expedition expected to find the guerrillas as he returned at Crossville trying to cut him off, but as he made a big impression about the number of men he had, they were afraid to try it. For the good of the service, there should be at least 100 well-mounted men sent into that cover to stay about one month. They can subsist off the country, as the corps are very good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. REEVES,

Major, Commanding Forces.

Lieutenant P. S. ABBOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 8, 1864. - Skirmish near Vienna, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Reed, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry.

VIENNA, ALA., July 9, 1864.

SIR: The detachment under my command yesterday morning separated about five miles north of Owen's Mills, on Flint River, Company C going east to J. C. Drake's, who is the father of three of Johnson's gang; thence we went south to Vienna; the other company (B) was ordered to make Vienna, via Owen's Mills. Parson or Captain Johnson [sic]. About three miles from Vienna the company was fired upon by Johnson's company of bushwhackers and dispersed. The captain and Lieutenant Burden and 7 of their company were wounded, and the scout, John C. Martin, was killed; 3 horses were killed, and some 4 or 5 wounded. The wounds on the men, though some of them are severe, are none of them mortal. I was with Company C. On arriving at Vienna I learned of the disaster to Captain Baker, and immediately repaired to the scene of action. After plundering the dead horses and men the rebels retreated to the southward. We followed them some distance, but night coming on we returned to this place. I shall keep Company C here and pursue my original plan against the bushwhackers until further orders. I will make this place my headquarters, and orders will readily reach me here. The company is fearful that they will miss the paymaster. Whenever he is ready to pay you can notify us and we will report there if so ordered. I shall be glad to receive instructions from time to time as to my duties here.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

ALFRED REED,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Detach. Twelfth Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel EDWARD ANDERSON,

Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, Huntsville, Ala.

JULY 10, 1864. - Skirmish at Clinton, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding district of Columbus.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE DISTRICT,Columbus, Ky., July 16, 1864.

MAJOR: A party of cavalry being out under command of Lieutenant Cleary, with orders from me to stay out a week patrolling the roads, at-

