
July 11. - Crossed Big Black and marched seventeen miles, encamping near Raymond, Miss.

July 12. - Marched to Evans' plantation and encamped; fourteen miles.

July 14. - Marched to Port Gibson; skirmished with the enemy during the forenoon.

July 15. - Marched to Grand Gulf; five miles.

July 16. - Enemy attacked and drove in our pickets. The command moved to the front and drove the enemy back, killing and wounding a number. The two regiments laid in rifle-pits until 12 p. m., when they embarked on steamer Madison and returned to Vicksburg.

July 17. - Arrived at Vicksburg. The Seventy-second Illinois and FIFTY-eight Ohio Infantry Regiments are on provost duty in this city. The Thirtieth Missouri Infantry is absent, under command of Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, commanding First DIVISION, since July 29.

JULY 11, 1864. - Scout from Gunter's Landing to Warrenton, Ala., and skirmish.

Report of Lieutenant John T. Fish, Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, 13TH Regiment WIS. VET. VOL INFTY.,Gunter's Landing, Ala., July 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

In accordance with instructions, on the evening of the 11th I crossed thirty-four men in two canoes at Beard's Bluff Landing, two miles below Gunter's Landing, and immediately started for Warrenton, arriving and surrounding that place a few moments after 11 o'clock, having seen but one person, Harvey Henry, whose protection papers from Major-General Blair induced us to release him in the morning, but subsequent events show him to have been on picket duty at the time. I sent a sergeant, a corporal, and thirteen men to the house of Colonel Lamar, which divided after searching the premises, one squad proceeding two miles south of Warrenton to make arrangements for removing the families of some of the home guards, which was accomplished, the other squad returning to Warrenton, where we instituted a search and found that Colonel Sheffield and other prominent rebels had left, in anticipation of a raid from Decatur. I learned from three deserters from Roddey's command that two battalions of his force are twelve miles south of Decatur, under orders for Mississippi. From information gained at Warrenton I became satisfied that a number of cavalry were in and around Guntersville. I decided to cross ten men, under command of a non-commissioned officer, at Beard's Bluff Landing, and with the balance a proceed to Gunter's Landing, passing through Guntersville. Two miles from the latter place, at the house of Colonel Henry, we came upon their pickets and mortally wounded 1 and captured 2 horses and equipments complete. We passed through Guntersville without discovering the enemy, and crossed my whole command in one canoe, including twenty negroes and three deserters, excepting myself and the rear guard, consisting of a non- commissioned officer and eight men, when a company of cavalry, about FIFTY strong, under the command of Cap-

