
tain Pucket, formerly commanding post of Guntersville, filed out from behind a point of woods and dashed down, intending to capture us. A well-directed volley caused the to fall back a short distance, but they came back almost as soon as they were away, and opened fire at short range. A portion of their force was dismounted and passed around to our right, under cover of the woods, and opened fire upon us at about seventy-five yards. We drove them back in a few moments. I saw my position was a critical one, and ordered a squad to recross and land on the island, by which means we opened on them at very close range, which caused them to fall back beyond Guntersville. The whole affair lasted about three-quarters of an hour. Captain Puckett admits a loss of 3 killed and 4 or 5 wounded. We brought across 4 horses and 2 mules. Their firing was very wild, most of their shots passing far above our heads. None of my command were injured.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. FISH,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company C., 13th Wis. Vet. Vol. Infty.

Lieutenant W. M. SCOTT,

Adjutant Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry.

JULY 12-15, 1864. - Scout in Lincoln County, Tenn.

Report of Major John F. Armstrong, Fifth Tennessee (Union) Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 19, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders I marched from this place July 12, at 6 a. m., and surrounded the house of Mr. Blade, on Hurricane Creek, about nine miles southwest of this place, and searched for a man by the name of McNight but could not find him. I then went on about two miles and camped, sending back William Shasteen and his brother, former associates of McNight, to watch the house. At about daylight McNight came up, when the Shasteen killed [him], and reported the fact to me. I then sent a detachment back under Lieutenant Davis, who carried the effects out of the house and burnt it. I then passed on, crossing Elk River at Manes' Ford. Leaving the Manes' Ford road to the left, I divided my force into two squads, sending one in the direction of Salem, and I moved down the river with the other, finding nothing, but could hear of them in small squads. We met at the Widow's Prior's, eight miles southeast of Fayetteville, at noon on the 14th, and moved out in the direction of the river, trying to secrete my force for the night, camping near the mouth of Stewart's Creek.

I sent Lieutenant Davis with a party of men back to the Widow Prior's at about 2 a. m. of the 15th to reconnoiter. I moved out on the Huntsville road, killing 1 man, said to be Garland Miller. I proceed on to the Alabama line, then returned and camped at Fayetteville. The following morning I divided my force into three squads, one under Captain Couch, which went in the direction of Boone's Hill; another under Captain Cason, which went by the way of Sulphur Springs, and I took the other and scoured the country between Cane and Morris Creek. The three squads marched parallel, all meeting at Shelbyville, not finding any of the enemy but hearing of them in small squads.

