
From what I ca more than FIFTY armed rebels in Lincoln County. I captured about 20 horses, which I have turned over to the acting quartermaster of this regiment.

Very respectfully,

J. F. ARMSTRONG,

Major Fifth Tennessee Cavalry Volunteers.

Major John O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 13-15, 1864. - Scout from Munfordville to Big Spring, Ky.

Report of Captain Hendrick D. Baker, Thirty-fifth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACH. THIRTY-FIFTH Kentucky VOLUNTEERS,Big Spring, Ky., July 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the scout sent out under my charge on the 13th instant:

I arrived at this place on the 13th instant and found the country full of guerrillas, who were committing all kinds of outrages on the loyal citizens of this neighborhood. Captain Duposter has recruited thirty of forty men in this county, and has some men in his command who are deserters from the U. S. Army. I have succeeded in capturing 7 guerrillas, 1 of whom is too badly wounded to move. There have also been 2 or 3 killed, and 11 horses and equipments captured. One of the prisoners came and surrendered, and has reported everything he knew on his friends. He says Captain Duposter is acting under orders from General Morgan, and that he receives communications from him almost daily. He received a letter from Morgan the other day and read it to his command, which was as follows: There will soon be re-enforcements sent him, and to hold possession of this part of the State at all hazards. He also has the assurance that there are 200 guerrillas in the vicinity of Haynesville and 400 at Owensborough. Captain Duposter has disbanded his men, with orders for them to hide in the brush until his re- enforcements come; but my opinion is that his re-enforcements will be a long time coming, and that his command will be captured when they meet again, as I am posted as to the place and time of their meeting. As I have been very busy I have had not time to arrest rebel citizens, though there are a number of them whom I will arrest. This whole country is engaged in harboring and recruiting guerrillas. I send Lieutenant Phelps in charge of the prisoners and unserviceable horses to camp. I am confident I can clear this county of guerrillas in one more week. Please excuse this badly written letter, as I have no conveniences for writing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant E. B. HARLAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., District of Kentucky.

