
the force and protect it, and by being allowed to keep a sufficiency of good horses, by seizing those belonging to rebel citizens and by rightly enforcing General Sherman's order, which I intend to do if permitted to remain here, could accomplish a great deal of good in a short time. Morganfield is the headquarters of these guerrillas, and they are hid around in that neighborhood, and I would, therefore, prefer having the great part of my men there so as to hunt to their dens. I brought Captain King's company up to this place with me, leaving Captain Baker, of the Thirty-fifth, with his company, at Madisonville. I did this in order to let him get his horses recruited, and because he could not get supplies for his men at that place. It would be better to leave Captain Richards, Company A, Captain Billingsley, Company C, Captain Childress, Company I, above, because a portion of their companies having been heretofore captured in this region, they would be running more risk than the other companies by going into it again. I would suggest that each company should be concentrated - that is, all the detachments of companies brought together and placed under their own officers. They will not only work better but are more easily controlled, and will attend better to their stock and other company property. Major Tyler can be sent to me here with all the companies and fragments of companies which are above, and I can send the detachments of companies which I have to the points you may designate or to their companies. In conclusion, you may rest assured that it will take tremendous efforts to clear up this country. There is no doubt to of it whatever. My men and horses are now pretty well worn out, but with a few days' rest will be able and ready to take the field again.

I send this report to you by Lieutenant Hugh L. Scott, who has been with me all the time, and knows all about the facts of which I have written, and can give you any additional information you may desire; I would come myself but am so entirely broken down that I am unable to ride.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. JohnSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel CICERO MAXWELL,

Commanding District of Southwest Kentucky.

JULY 17-18, 1864. - Scout from Columbus to Hickman, Ky.

Report of Lieutenant Robert Y. Bradford, Seventh Tennessee (Union) Cavalry.

Leaving Columbus, Ky., on the 17th, 11 p. m., on board the steamer Convoy Numbers 2, and landing thirteen miles below Hickman, Ky., then moving out some five miles to the brother's of the rebel Captain Campbell, surrounding his house completely, finding some pistol camps and buckshot, 1 single-barreled shotgun, 1 small single-barreled pistol, but no rebel soldiers, bringing off with the detachment 2 citizens. Then, marching directly to mr. Fleetwood's, only missing the rebel captain and five men some ten minutes, getting his uniform jacket, hat, and feather, also, finding in his jacket pocket FIFTY dollars in Confederate money. Then moving in haste after said Captain Campbell, pursuing him for some miles, caught 2 of his men, missing him. With the 2 men we captured 1 horse, 2 double-barreled shotguns, 1 navy six. Then moving on to Hickman, getting there at near 10 o'clock; being informed

