
I encamped on Big Name Creek on the night of the 27th and the next morning started at 4 o'clock for Decatur, where I arrived at 3 p. m. the same day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. C. GROWER,

Colonel, Commanding THIRD Brigade.

Captain GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Rheinlander, Twenty- fifth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH INDIANA INFANTRY,Decatur, Ala., July 28, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late expedition.

According to orders, this regiment left camp at Decatur, Ala., at 3 p. m. the 25th instant, with three days' rations in haversacks; marched to the town of Courtland, Ala., a distance of twenty miles, when a spirited engagement ensued, lasting half an hour, when the enemy retreated. No casualties in this regiment. Returned to camp at Decatur, Ala., at 3 p. m. July 28, 1864.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN RHEINLANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant John P. HOLLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Edwin M. Hulburd, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Decatur, Ala., July 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry in the late expedition to Courtland under command of Colonel Grower:

On the 25th instant, in obedience to orders, I reported to Colonel Grower with 200 men and three days' rations at 3 p. m. I was assigned for position the rear of the infantry column. My command took no special part in the expedition until the morning of the 27th, when, on moving out from Pond Springs, I was given the advance. Company B, Captain Hinckley commanding, was thrown forward as advance guard, and on nearing Courtland was deployed as skirmishers. As we entered Courtland I was ordered to re-enforce the skirmish line, and sent forward Company G, Lieutenant Clark commanding. As we passed through the town, it appearing that our skirmish

