
line was briskly engaged, I was ordered to deploy my battalion as skirmishers and move through a corn-field in front of us and draw the enemy's fire, which I proceeded to do. As we came out of the corn we were received with a pretty hot fire from the enemy, who appeared to be posted on the opposite bank of the creek, which ran obliquely across the left of my line of skirmishers. I moved my skirmishers forward under cover of the railroad, which ran between me and the enemy sharp and continuous fire from the enemy. I soon discovered a movement which I thought to be an attempt to get around our right into line being thrown pretty far forward, I retired to the cover of the fence of the corn-field and sent my adjutant to report to Colonel G[rower]. As we fell back the enemy opened on us with a howitzer. I then received orders to deploy my two reserve companies and move forward to the earth-work on my right, which I did; but our artillery opened on them at this time, when their fire ceased and they left in haste. This ended the affair, so far as the infantry was concerned. I then received orders to move my battalion across the creek in column by company, which I did, when we formed line, stacked arms, and rested for the day. Returning, we left Courtland this morning at 3 a. m., the Thirty-second Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry leading and my command next in order. Nothing occurred on our return march worthy of note, and we arrived at camp at 3. 30 p. m. After retiring from the railroad bank, and while lying under cover of the fence, I had 1 man killed, which was the only casualty in my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. M. HULBURD,

Major, Commanding Eighteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant John P. HOLLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. De Groat, Thirty-second Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Decatur, Ala., July 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 25th of July, at 3 p. m., the regiment moved out on the Courtland road eight miles and bivouacked for the night.

July 26, moved forward one mile and remained through the day. In obedience to orders, I moved at 6 p. m. with the regiment in a southerly direction until we reached the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. On the march several shots were fired by the enemy's pickets stationed on the Hillsborough and Moulton road. After striking the railroad we marched WEST on the track a distance of about four miles to within half a mile of the junction with the Courtland road and halted. Here we ascertained that the enemy's pickets were stationed at the junction. Leaving the railroad track at this point I moved in a southerly direction across a strip of timber some forty rods in width and came to open fields. Moved on in this direction a distance judged one mile, thence in

