
a westerly direction about one mile and halted. Remaining at this point until 2 a. m. of the 27th I again moved parallel to railroad until I crossed the mountain road, then in a northerly direction to Pond Springs, arriving at 4 a. m. No pickets were discovered after leaving the railroad track. Taking a short rest at Pond Springs moved to Courtland, Ala., arriving at 8 a. m. Here the enemy made a threatening demonstration and, receiving orders, the regiment was formed in line of battle, and after smart skirmishing advanced across --- creek, the enemy falling back. Here we remained during the day. In obedience of orders, at 3 a. m. the 28th, we started on the return march, arriving at Decatur the same day.

In the skirmish at Courtland Private Albert J. Harmon, Company C, killed; Privates Duane R. Moore, Company B, John W. Fairbanks, William E. Forward, and Alvin Blood, Company E, wounded.

No officer nor soldier can be named as having particularly distinguished himself without injustice to others, as all conducted themselves as becometh good soldiers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DE GROAT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-second Regiment Wisconsin Infty.

Colonel WILLIAM T. C. GROWER,

Commanding THIRD Brigade.

JULY 26-27, 1864. - Expedition from Paducah to Haddix's Ferry, Ky., and skirmish.

Report of Major John H. Peck, One hundred and thirty-second Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 132nd Regiment Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Paducah, Ky., July 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you that according to orders received I embarked on board the stream-boat Olive, with Captain Dunn, commanding detachment of the Eighth U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), and 400 men; Captain Hugh Shepard, commanding detachment 200 men One hundred and thirty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, at 10. 30 p. m. July 26, and left about 11 p. m., having been detained for a short time to obtain a pilot for the Tennessee River and a guide for the march. We arrived at Haddix's Ferry at 20 minutes to 2 a. m. July 27. Having previously arranged with Captain Greggory, of the Kentucky home guards, to meet us at the ferry I waited some time there for him. Finding that we should not have sufficient time to reach Clark River before dayLight, I started at 2. 30 o'clock on the expedition overland without the home guards. One mile inland I found, on search, that one house was vacated in seeming great haste, and marks of footsteps in the dust of the road showed that some one had preceded us (as it afterward turned out) to inform the citizens of our approach and warn the guerrillas of danger. Arriving at a point about five miles from the ferry it became apparent from the tracks in the road that we were among the enemy. I ordered an advance guard to twelve picked men from the Eighth U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), under

