
Lieutenants Cherry and Hemenover, to surround the neighboring houses and obtain what information they could of the enemy's whereabouts. Every one of the occupants seemed ignorant of the movements of the enemy, and would give us no information. At last one house was surrounded and two men found in it, with Enfield rifles loaded and capped, also a brace of heavy navy pistols. We took them prisoners, and thereupon others of the enemy appeared and a general skirmish ensued, which lasted three hours. I ordered 200 men from the One hundred and thirty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers and Eight Colored Artillery (Heavy) to deploy as skirmishers through woods and corn-fields. They met small detachments of the enemy and men who claim to belong to the THIRD Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate) and completely routed them. We bought in 7 prisoners and delivered them to the guard-house; but captured many others, who were reported to have escaped or been shot while attempting to escape. Five guerrillas were killed and several wounded. We had no casualty, except the wounding of Captain Shepard through the fleshy part of the thumb while having a hand to hand encounter with a guerrillas. Some twenty horses and mules were also captured. One dwelling, a notorious rendezvous for guerrillas, was burned while the skirmish was in progress. The cause of the fire could not be ascertained.

To officers and men of both detachments great praise is due for their bravery and soldierly deportment. To Captains Dunn and Shepard, and also to Adjt. Daniel Merriman, Lieutenant Hemenover, One hundred and thirty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, my thanks are due for their inflinching courage and obedience to orders. Captain Shepard and Lieutenant Merriman each had a personal encounter with the enemy, and each captured or shot his opponent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. PECK,

Major 132nd Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Expedition.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 28, 1864. - Skirmish at Long's Mills, near Mulberry Gap, Tenn.

Report of Colonel William Y. Dillard, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, July 29, 1864.

Colonel Davis has just returned from a scout. He fought the rebels at Long's Mills yesterday near Mulberry Gap, whipping them badly, killing and wounding 21, capturing 8 prisoners and 20 horses. No one hurt on our side.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

