
barked on the cars at the Memphis and Charleston Railroad depot in Memphis, Tenn., and proceeded by rail to La Grange, Tenn., arriving at the latter place about 3 o'clock the same day the regiment bivouacked south of the town.

On the afternoon of the 30th I moved out from La Grange with my command, taking my proper place in the brigade column, moving in a southerly direction toward Holly Springs, Miss. Nothing of importance transpired until the night of 7th instant while the troops were bivouacked near Waterford, Miss. At about 10 p. m. heavy cannonading was heard in the direction of the Tallahatchie River.

On the morning of the 8th I was ordered to take the road with my regiment, moving it in rear of the other regiments and battery of the brigade. Moving in this order my regiment reached the Tallahatchie River at about 5 p. m. and crossed the river, under a scattering fire of the enemy, on driftwood lodged against the railroad bridge. After crossing the river I was directed to move with my command. I then passed the position held by the Thirty- fifth Iowa Infantry, and was posted in line with my right resting on the Oxford and Holly Springs road, about twenty-five yards in rear of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry, which occupied the left of the brigade line. We remained in this position until about 6 a. m. of the 9th, when the brigade was put in motion and moved by the flank about one-THIRD of a mile, when it was formed into column by regiments, my regiment being placed in rear of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, with the Tenth Minnesota Infantry in my rear deployed in column by wing. From this brigade column a line was formed and the troops again deployed into column. Heavy skirmishing was kept up by our cavalry, which had crossed earlier in the morning and deployed on our flanks. The enemy continued his artillery firing, begun with the advance of cavalry, and was replied to by a few shots from our own guns. My regiment, formed in the column as above stated, maneuvered and advanced with the brigade, the enemy retiring from his strong position as we advanced after gaining the hill occupied by the enemy. The night of the 8th the brigade was bivouacked, my regiment on the right of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, and the Tenth Minnesota Infantry on my right. We remained in this position until the morning of the 21st. Nothing of importance transpired while we remained in this bivouac. I would only mention the fact that heavy rains fell every day, making the roads impassable and uncomfortable for the men. A great part of the time my men were furnished with but a half ration of salt meat, and for a few days they were without meat of any description, it being impossible to procure any from the country and none being furnished by the commissary of subsistence. On the 21st instant the troops were again put in motion, my regiment moving in order with the other troops of the brigade, taking the Oxford road. In the afternoon of the 22nd we were halted reached our old camp near the Tallahatchie River about 1 p. m. of the heavy skirmishing was heard near our camp on the Oxford road. The brigade was formed, and I was ordered to advance directly forward in line. My line being parallel with the Oxford road I advanced directly to the right of that road, regulating my movements by those of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Infantry on my left. Seeing this regiment move by tmovement, and by the right flank followed the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois about one-fourth of a mile, when a line was again formed. From this line the

