
charge was made upon his line, which gave way in confusion and was driven for more than a mile in disorder, when the pursuit was abandoned, though the enemy continued to retreat, moving rapidly off to the music of the guns of the Second Iowa Battery. At sundown the command returned to camp. The enemy suffered much punishment in this encounter, losing 12 killed, that fell into our hands, many wounded, and some prisoners. The casualties of my command were 15 wounded, a list of which has heretofore been furnished. On the 25th instant the brigade marched northward, arriving at Holly Springs on the 26th and at La Grange on the 29th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First DIVISION.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel R. Baker, Forty- seventh Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Hudsonville Station, Miss., August 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain H. F. Wright, commanding four companies of the Seventh Indiana Cavalry, reported to me on the afternoon of the 14th instant. Toward evening I ordered one company of his command, under Lieutenant J. W. Skelton, to report at Lamar, having been informed that station was held by 300 of our infantry. At 3 o'clock this morning I had a portion of the cavalry just ready to start out on a scout to capture a rebel lieutenant, whom I expected to find at his house, when Lieutenant Skelton's orderly came in on foot from Lamar wounded in the hand. About daylight Lieutenant Skelton came in with six men, and reported that, not finding any troops at Lamar, he had gone into camp there the previous evening. About 9 p. m. he saw four wagons crossing the track, and, approaching them with the picket, saw about twelve men in shirtsleeves in their rear. Supposing them to be guerrillas attempting to capture the wagons he ordered his picket to fire; sent a corporal and three men to get in their rear and cut them off; went back, got a portion of his company, and started out. Not hearing anything from his corporal and three men, he still supposed it was only a few guerrillas. He soon came in sight of a force, part in line and part in column. Presuming them to be our forces he rode down within a few feet; they opened to let him pass through, when, discovering they were in their shirtsleeves, concluded they were rebels, and ordered a charge. He broke and scattered the left, but the right of the line swung around in his rear, when he charged, and cut his way back with six men, and came in. The balance of his men did not get back. I have since learned they started for La Grange. I sent Lieutenant Skelton back with his men, at his request. He has returned and reports that the force was General Forrest's old regiment and the Seventh Tennessee; found 2 wounded rebels nearly dead, and brou rifles; that they left tthe track where they had commenced tearing it up, and cut down three telegraph poles. A citizen living near informed him that he was down to the place after

