
night. Next morning the two regiments crossed over and work began on the bridge. On the 7th the Sixth Indiana Battery reported, and on the 8th the Thirty-THIRD Missouri and battery moved to the Tallahatchie. On the 9th the brigade moved into camp on the south side of the Tallahatchie. During the skirmishing on the 7th, 8th, and 9th the Seventh Minnesota had 3 men wounded, 1 severely. On the 10th of August the Twelfth Iowa rejoined the brigade. On the 21st the brigade moved to Hurricane Creek, and on the 22nd to Oxford and back to camp on Hurricane Creek, and on the 23rd returned to the camp on the Tallahatchie. The Thirty-THIRD Missouri lost 1 man, missing, this day, supposed to be captured. On the 25th marched to Waterford and on the 26th marched to Holly Springs. The Twelfth Iowa were again detailed as provost guard.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. WOODS,

Colonel, Commanding the Brigade.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Sylvester G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of operations of this command as per instructions received from headquarters:

The regiment moved from camp at Memphis, July 31, per railroad, disembarked at Davis' Mills, and went into camp. August 1, the command moved to Coldwater and camped. August 2, moved to Holly Springs and camped till August 5, when the regiment moved by rail to Waterford. August 7, in obedience to orders from Colonel Woods, commanding brigade, the regiment marched for the Tallahatchie River. When within one mile and a half of the river, Lieutenant- Colonel brown, commanding Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, reporting his advance skirmishing with the enemy, Company B, Thirty-fifth Iowa, under command of Captain William M. Stewart, was immediately ordered to deploy as skirmishers and advance to the bank of the river, the enemy retiring in such haste as to be unable to destroy the boat used in crossing. Company I, Thirty-fifth Iowa, commanded by Lieutenant Jackson A. Evans, was ordered to cross the river and hold the south bank of the river, together with one company from the Seventh Minnesota Infantry, the regiment encamping in the woods three-quarters of a mile from the river. Between 10. 30 and 11 p. m. the enemy opened fire upon our line with two pieces of artillery posted a short distance from the bank of river, under cover of which they charged twice upon the companies posted upon the south side of the river, but were gallantly repulsed, with no loss upon our side. The wagons were immediately ordered to the rear under a sufficient guard and the regiment held under arms. No further demonstration being made, and deeming it prudent to withdraw the company, they were ordered to recross the river at 4. 30 a. m. August 8. At daylight the regiment was ordered to cross the river and deploy as skirmishers, while the DIVISION pioneer corps constructed the bridge, bivouacking upon the bayou south side of the river till ordered into camp at noon August 10, where it remained till

