
August 21, when it moved to the south side of Hurricane Creek. August 22, moved to Oxford and returned to Hurricane Creek. August 23, moved to and occupied the old camp south of the Tallahatchie. August 25, moved to Waterford. August 26, moved to Holly Springs and camped. Casualties during the entire expedition, none.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant Henry HOOVER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel William T. Shaw, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding THIRD DIVISION.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action, marches, &amp;c., of the THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, during the late expedition to Oxford, Miss., and return:

On the morning of the 4th instant, agreeable to orders from the major-general commanding, I commenced moving my command to Holly Springs, Miss., the infantry by rail, the artillery and wagons by land. The command was concentrated and encamped at Holly Springs, Miss., on the 8th instant. Here we remained in camp until the 10th instant, doing fatigue and picket-guard duty, when the THIRD Brigade, of the THIRD DIVISION, commanded by Colonel E. H. Wolfe, of the FIFTY-second Indiana Infantry Volunteers, was ordered to move forward to the Tallahatchie River to report to Brigadier General J. A. Mower for order. On the morning of the 11th instant I moved the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, and the eighty- ninth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Hervey Craven, to take post at La Grange, Tenn., at which place they remained until the evening of the 16th instant. On the 17th instant, at 7 a. m., I moved with the First and Second Brigades of my command to Waterford Station, Miss., a distance of eight miles, and encamped near ford. On the 18th instant moved the command across the Tallahatchie River and encamped near Abbeville, Miss. On the 19th instant the THIRD Brigade, of the THIRD DIVISION commanded by Colonel E. H. Wolfe, of the FIFTY-second Indiana Infantry Volunteers, was moved forward to Hurricane Creek, which point was reached after marching through a drenching rain and over an almost impassable road. Here the THIRD Brigade remained encamped until the 21st instant, when the whole DIVISION moved to within two miles of Oxford, Miss. Here the command was about-faced and line of march taken in direction of Holly Springs, Miss., at which place the DIVISION arrived on the 26th instant, and at which place it is now encamped. It would be proper here for me to state that the THIRD Brigade, under the command of Colonel Edward H. Wolfe, of the FIFTY-second Indiana Infantry Volunteers, and while under the direction and command of Brigadier General J. A. Mower, on the 12th instant, was ordered to march south from Abbeville, Miss., and when near Hurricane Creek the enemy opened fire on his command from

