
the opposite side of the creek with four pieces of artillery and continued shelling his line for one hour or more, when they were finally flanked and driven off by the cavalry, his brigade at the same time crossing the creek and occupying the field. At 10 p. m. the brigade returned to camp near Abbeville, Miss. No infantry was, however, engaged at this time. The command being out of forage for the stock, and also meats, foraging parties were detailed and sent out, and while out were attacked and light skirmishing ensued. The following list will comprise the casualties in the command during the expedition: *

I am, very respectfully,

WM. T. SHAW,

Colonel Fourteenth Iowa, Commanding DIVISION.

Major John HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Charles D. Murray, Eighty-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with the order from headquarters of DIVISION of yesterday, I proceeded to give a report of the marches, &amp;c., of the First Brigade during the present expedition:

On Sunday, the 7th instant, the FIFTY-eighth and One hundred and twenty-second Illinois moved by the cars from Memphis to this place, and on the next day the colonel commanding the brigade, with the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois, Eighty-ninth Indiana, and Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers also reached here and went into camp in the southeast part of the town. On Thursday, the 11th, the brigade started under orders on the Waterford road. After marching about three miles were ordered to return to this place, which was one, and we remained here in camp until Wednesday the 17th, when we again took up the line of march on the Waterford road. We marched to Waterford, a distance of nine miles, where we encamped for the night. The next day continued south, crossing the Tallahatchie in the direction of Oxford, Miss., and encamped near the village of Abbeville, where we remained on account of the continued heavy rain until Saturday p. m., when the First Brigade advanced five miles, crossing Hurricane Creek, with orders to report to Brigadier- General Hatch. We encamped at about 8 p. m. on the hill south of the creek, where I reported to General Hatch. By his orders the First and THIRD Brigades (the next morning, the 21st) moved forward about one mile. The enemy being reported, and believed to be in our front in some force, I advanced the Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, who threw out a heavy line of skirmishers. At my request Colonel Wolfe, commanding THIRD Brigade, sent forward the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, commanded by Colonel R. M. Moore, to support the Twenty-first Missouri, they followed by the remainder of the First Brigade, and they by the remainder of the THIRD Brigade, all advancing in column of regiments, with their colors displayed and at distances of about 125 paces apart.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men wounded and 1 enlisted man missing.

---------------

