
From this time the Second Brigade entered the fight until the enemy were driven through the town and completely routed it did not stop but steadily advanced, in no instance fighting over the same ground a second time.

The officers and men of both regiments did their duty. As the brigade fought under the immediate notice and direction of the general commanding it is needless for me to particularize.

The following is the list of casualties in the two regiments: Thirty-ninth Kentucky Mounted Infantry,* Eleventh Michigan Cavalry; + making a total in the brigade of 5 killed and 18 wounded. d

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. MIMS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Kentucky.

No. 7. Report of Colonel Charles S. Hanson, Thirty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF Kentucky, Lexington, July 8, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to special order issued from headquarters First DIVISION, District of Kentucky, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the THIRD Brigade in the late campaign in Kentucky, in pursuit of the rebel General John H. Morgan's command:

On the 19th of May, 1864, in compliance with orders from DIVISION headquarters, I moved with seven companies (A, B, C, E, F, G, and I) of the Thirty-seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry Volunteers, numbering about 270 men, from Irvine, Ky., and arrived with eight miles of Mount Sterling, Ky., where I halted for the night. I here learned that Colonel John H. Grider, FIFTY-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry, had returned from a scout to Pound Gap, where he had been sent with a portion of the command twelve days prior to my leaving Irvine. I sent back a courier to Colonel Grider, ordering him to report to the command at Mount Sterling with all the remaining mounted men of the brigade. I arrived at Mount Sterling on the 20th of May; Colonel Grider joined me on the 21st, the whole command amounting to 570 men. On the same day Lieutenant Hyde, of First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, reported with one section of his battery to me for duty with my brigade. While here I drew some ammunition and other supplies for my command, and on the 23rd of May moved in the direction of Pound Gap under command of Brigadier-General Hobson, then commanding this DIVISION. Nothing of interest occurred until we arrived at the month of Beaver Creek, on the evening of May 27, 1864, where we were halted until supplies of rations and forage could be brought from Louisa, Ky., to enable us to continue the march. General Burbridge joined the command at this point, and I received orders to move the next morning (May 28), which order was countermanded upon

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 killed and 7 wounded.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 killed and 11 wounded.

---------------

