
LA GRANGE, August 15, 1864.

Cavalry have returned from Lamar. Enemy moved off on Salem road last night, two regiments strong. Our men killed 1 horse and wounded 4 rebels, 2 mortally, who were left there. The Fourth Iowa Cavalry came up from Holly Springs. Are repairing the telegraph. The enemy did no damage to the road; only cut the telegraph.

T. J. KINNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant C. H. TOWNSEND.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin Moore, Twenty- first Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST MISSOURI INFANTRY VOLS.,Holly Springs, Miss., August 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command during the present expedition.

The command left Memphis, Tenn., on the cars, on the 3rd instant, arriving at Holly Springs same day about 3 p. m. remained in camp until the 11th instant, when we started with the First Brigade on the road to Waterford. After marching about three miles and a half we were ordered to return to Holly Springs, where we remained until the 17th instant, when we moved with the First and Second Brigades to Waterford. On the 18th instant marched to Abbeville, Miss. On the 19th we remained in camp. On the 20th crossed Hurricane Creel. On the 21st the regiment was ordered to the front, and relieved the cavalry skirmishers about 7 a. m., and on the formation of our lines in the rear moved upon the enemy and drove them one mile and a quarter, with the loss of 1 man slightly wounded. On the 22nd moved on the road to Oxford, marching about two miles, when we were ordered back and moved across Hurricane Creek. On the 23rd moved to abbeville, and formed in position at 1 p. m., where we remained until the morning of the 25th, when we marched to Waterford. On the 26th marched to holly Springs, arriving about 1 p. m., where the command is stationed at present.

Distance marched, about sixty miles. Casualties: Isaac Thacker, Company F, slightly wounded.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant SAMUEL D. SAWYER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel James I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Second Brigade in the late expedition to Oxford, Miss., under command of Major General A. J. Smith.

