
My command, consisting of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, Captain W. J. Campbell commanding; Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, Major R. W. Fyan commanding; Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, Captain A. M. Haslip commanding; Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Eberhart commanding, and THIRD Indiana Battery, First Lieutenant Thomas J. Ginn commanding, left Memphis, Tenn., on the 4th of August. The infantry were transported by railroad eighty miles to Holly Springs, Miss., arriving on the evening of the same day. The battery and wagons of the command moved out by the wagon road, and rejoined the command August 6; distance, FIFTY miles. The command remained at Holly Springs on picket duty until the morning of the 17th of August, when it moved out on the Oxford road and marched nine miles to Waterford. August 18, crossed the Tallahatchie river and marched to Abbeville; distance, ten miles. Here the command lay in camp until August 21, when it moved forward, crossed Hurricane Creek, and camped about one mile beyond. August 22, moved a mile or two toward Oxford, when, about 12 m., the command was countermarched and returned to Hurricane Creek; distance marched, five miles. August 23, moved to Tallahatchie River, six miles. A forage detail from the brigade had a brisk skirmish with the enemy, and succeeded in routing him, with the loss of 1 man, believed to be captured. The command remained in camp until August 25, when it crossed the Tallahatchie River and marched to Waterford, nine miles. August 26, marched to Holly Springs, where the command is now in camp. *

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES I. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Lieutenant JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Edward H. Wolfe, FIFTY-second Indiana Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to the orders of the colonel commanding I have the honor to submit the following report of the action, marches, &amp;c., of this brigade during the late expedition to Oxford, Miss.:

My brigade left camp near Memphis, Tenn., on the morning of the 5th instant, having been ordered to proceed by rail to Holly Springs, Miss., there to report to Brigadier-General Mower, commanding First DIVISION, the battery attached to this brigade, and all brigade wagons having been ordered to Holly Springs by overland route the day previous. On arrival at Memphis and Charleston Depot I was unable to obtain cars sufficient to transport the entire command and only sent froward ont hat day 800 men, comprising the One hundred and seventy-eighth New York, the non-veteran detachment of the Forty-ninth Illinois, and a portion of the FIFTY-second Indiana Volunteers. The remainder of the brigade did not reach Holly Springs until Sunday, the

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (here omitted) shows 4 men wounded and 1 man missing.

---------------

