
7th instant. On arrival at Holly Springs I reported to Brigadier- General Mower as directed, and from whom I received no orders other than those relative to camp, picket, and guard duty. On Tuesday, the 9th instant, in obedience to the orders of the colonel commanding DIVISION, I marched, provided with three days' rations, to Abbeville, Miss., south of the Tallahatchie, occupying two days in the march, and again reporting to Brigadier-General Mower, commanding First DIVISION. My brigade was here encamped in the extreme front of all other troops, and while I remained at that camp all picket duty to the front was performed by my command. On the morning of the 13th instant the enemy made some demonstrations on my picket-line, which was continued until 12 o'clock, when three regiments of my brigade, viz, the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois, FIFTY-second Indiana, and One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, together with two regiments and a battery from First DIVISION (also cavalry DIVISION, under General Hatch), was ordered out, General Mower commanding, and marched south from Abbeville on Oxford road five miles to Hurricane Creek, where the enemy opened on us from the opposite side with four pieces of artillery, my brigade occupying line on the right of battery belonging to First DIVISION. The enemy continued to shell my line for one hour or more, when they were finally flanked and driven off by our cavalry. At the same time two regiments of First DIVISION and the FIFTY-second Indiana, of my brigade, crossed the river and occupied the field. No infantry was engaged in this fight, and at 10 o'clock at night the command returned to camp near Abbeville. The casualties of my brigade on this day were 3 wounded, viz, Captain G. F. Young, commanding One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, wounded in right hand by fragment of shell; Private Perry Gordon, Company B, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, wounded in right shoulder by fragment of shell; Private Eli Hyatt, Company E, FIFTY-second Indiana Volunteers, wounded in right arm by accidental discharge of his own gun. On Friday, 19th instant, my brigade was ordered, with pioneer corps of First and THIRD DIVISIONS and First DIVISION of Cavalry, to proceed to Hurricane Creek and occupy the hill beyond, marching through a drenching rain and over an almost impassable road, at 2 p. m., reporting to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding cavalry DIVISION. My brigade here remained in camp until the morning of the 21st instant, when I advanced, in conjunction with First Brigade, about two miles and a half, and to within four miles of Oxford, where I remained until the evening of the 22d, when the entire command was about-faced and ordered back, and my brigade returned to camp on north side of Hurricane Creek, from which time and place the brigade has marched with the DIVISION on its return to Holly Springs, where it arrived yesterday, the 26th instant, at 4 p. m., occupying four days on the march.

In addition to casualties already reported I have to report that Private Clinton Schooley, Company K, FIFTY-second Indiana, was wounded in right forearm while on picket on the evening of the 20th instant; also Private Martin Lawrence, Company B, Forty-ninth Illinois, wounded in right arm while on duty with foraging party on the 23rd instant, making total number of casualties during the expedition five.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

