
Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Phineas Pease, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 49TH Regiment Illinois INFANTRY VET. VOLS.,Holly Springs, Miss., August 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with communication from headquarters THIRD Brigade of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The Forty-ninth returned from veteran furlough and rejoined the THIRD DIVISION at Holly Springs, Miss., August 11. On 12th instant received orders from headquarters THIRD DIVISION to proceed to terminus of railroad near Tallahatchie River, distant eighteen miles, and take charge of and protect all stores sent to that point, which duty was performed until morning of 19th instant, when orders were received to rejoin THIRD Brigade. Moved on 19th instant to the front to rejoin THIRD Brigade, but the brigade having moved to Hurricane Creek was ordered by colonel commanding THIRD DIVISION to camp one mile south of Abbeville, where remained until 20th instant, then moved forward to Hurricane Creek, distant five miles, and reported for orders to colonel commanding THIRD Brigade, and was directed to camp for the night. On 21st moved forward a distance of two miles and camped for the night. August 22, about- faced and marched on the return across Hurricane Cree and camped on the north side. August 23, moved to Abbeville, distant eight miles, where remained until morning of 25th, then moved to Waterford, distant ten miles. August 26, moved from Waterford to Holly Springs, Miss., and camped in grove east of town. The following is a list of casualties in the regiment during the present expedition: *

Respectfully submitted.

P. PEASE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Merriam, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 117TH REGIMENT Illinois INFANTRY,Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, in compliance with your request of August 26, the action and marches of my command on the present campaign to Oxford, Miss.:

That in the engagement of Hurricane Creek, August 13, 1864, Oliver P. Gordon, private of Company B, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, was slightly wounded in shoulder by a piece of shell; and that while in camp near Abbeville, Miss., John Myerscough, private, Company H, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, was wounded in foot by the accidental discharge of his gun. My command moved from Holly Springs August 10 to Waterford, and the next day continued its march to Abbeville, whence we moved on the 13th to

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 enlisted man wounded.

---------------

