
careless manner, foraging as they came in some orchards that were within the picket-lines. The only fault I have to find, which I can make specific, is with the quartermaster of the Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry, in charge of the mounted men. He rode clear away from us, and never once reported back where he was or where he was going. The infantry pickets in advance, in trying to keep up with them, lost sight of us. With this exception and that of the column leaving before my return and against my orders, I have no other fault to find. I went into the country about five miles. Could have filled the wagons with corn much nearer, but went this far in order to get sheep and cattle, which you wanted and I could not find. I am informed that all the men of the expedition are safe back in camp with no other losses or casualties than the 1 mule, 1 horse, and 1 man in Battery G slightly wounded.

I have, adjutant, the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. McWILLIAMS,

Major 117th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant JAMES D. COBINE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 16. Report of Captain Eli Mattocks, FIFTY-second Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND INDIANA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit the following as the report of the FIFTY-second Indiana Volunteers:

We arrived at Holly Springs, from Memphis, by rail on the 7th of August, remaining in camp until the morning of the 10th, when, in company with the brigade, we marched to Waterford. On the 11th resumed our march to Abbeville, arriving there at 2 p. m. On the 13th, the enemy having driven in our pickets, our brigade advanced on the Oxford road to Hurricane Creek, where the enemy was posted in strong position on the opposite hills. My regiment formed its line, as directed, at right angles with and the left resting on the road, supporting the Second Iowa Battery (in position on the road). While in this position we were under a heavy artillery fire. A force under General Hatch having turned the enemy's left he fell back from his position. My regiment was ordered to move by the left flank (left in front) across the road, and in this position advanced across the creek, forming on the left of a brigade from First DIVISION. We advanced in line through a dense wood and underbrush about half a mile. It was now quite dark, and the enemy having disappeared from our front, we moved by the right flank back to the road, taking up our line of march for Abbeville, arriving there about 11 p. m. Remaining in camp until the 19th, on which day we moved with the brigade to Hurricane Creek, crossing the creek and encamping in line of battle on the crest of the hill. 21st, we marched again toward Oxford, camping about four miles from Oxford in open fields. 22d, were in line to resume our march to Oxford, but the expedition being ordered back, we did not move in that direction, but marched to Hurricane Creek, camping on the north side. 23d, marched to Abbeville. 24th, regiment

25 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT I

