
General A. J. Smith, the First DIVISION and Colonel Noble's brigade, of the Second DIVISION, under the command of General Hatch, moved southward, drove the enemy across the Tallahatchie River, thence south of Oxford, maintaining a running fight the whole distance. For particulars of these engagements I refer you to the report of Brigadier-General Hatch, herewith inclosed. The command of General Hatch returned to Abbeville on the 10th and bivouacked.

On the evening of the 11th, by direction of General Smith, I ordered Colonel Winslow to proceed with his Second Brigade (his First Brigade having remained during this interval at Holly Springs) to Waterford, reporting on arrival there by telegraph to Major-General Smith, who was at Holly Springs. From Waterford Colonel Winslow moved to Holly Springs, where he concentrated his command and remained until the trains and infantry had all left that point. Colonel Winslow, suffering severely from a disordered limb, was relieved from duty with the expedition by the major- general commanding, and ordered to take charge of the railroad trains and guards, and conduct them safely back to Memphis. Colonel Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, was now placed in command of the Second DIVISION. On the 18th instant, all Government property having been removed from Holly Springs, he proceeded with his command to the Tallahatchie River, arriving at Abbeville, south of the river, on the 19th. In the mean time, from the 10th to the 18th, the First DIVISION was encamped on the south side of the Tallahatchie River near Abbeville, and was engaged in almost daily skirmishing with the enemy. On the 13th I accompanied General Hatch's DIVISION to Hurricane Creek, where a brisk engagement ensued, in which the enemy was driven from his works, with considerable loss. In this engagement the Sixth and Ninth Illinois Cavalry, commanded by Colonel M. H. Starr, distinguished themselves by their perseverance and intrepid bravery. For particulars of this engagement I refer you again to the report of General Hatch. On the 19th I ordered General Hatch to move with his command toward Oxford. Again he found the enemy in force on Hurricane Creek, and after a short engagement drove him away. On the 20th I moved with my Second DIVISION and joined General Hatch on the south side of Hurricane Creek. On the 21st, at 6 a. m., I moved General Hatch's DIVISION on the right flank, and Colonel Karge's DIVISION, except one regiment, on the left flank of the infantry. With this regiment I moved in advance of the center column, entering Oxford about 8 a. m. simultaneously from the north, east, and west.

The enemy had constructed earth-works on the south and WEST portions of the town, but had evacuated them the day before. Hearing that General Forrest had, with a portion of his force, made a circuit and forced march and had attacked Memphis, by order of the major-general commanding I sent General Hatch with his DIVISION toward Panola, and with Colonel Karge's DIVISION I proceeded back to the Tallahatchie at Abbeville, and there awaited further orders. General Hatch had proceeded several miles on the Panola road when he was ordered by the major-general commanding to return to Abbeville. Arriving with Colonel Karge's DIVISION at the Tallahatchie, we found that the heavy rains which prevailed for several days had swept away a portion of the bridge, and the greater portion of the night of the 21st was employed in repairing it. Colonel Karge crossed to the north side of the river early on the morning of the 22d, and there awaited further orders. General Hatch rejoined us on the morning of the 22d, and was about to cross the river in obedience to the orders of General Smith,

