
when the bridge gave way and was not repaired sufficiently for him to cross until the night of the 23d. On the morning of the 24th, by direction of the major-general commanding, I ordered General Hatch to make a circuit to the WEST with his command and encamp at night near Waterford. With Colonel Karge's DIVISION I proceeded direct to Holly Springs, with instructions to occupy the town until the arrival of the infantry, and if possible open railroad and telegraph communication with La Grange. Finding the road and wires too badly destroyed to be repaired in less than three or four days, I reported this fact to General Smith, who decided not to repair it. On the 27th I was ordered by General Smith to remain at Holly Springs until further orders from Major-General Washburn; accordingly, I immediately dispatched messengers to La Grange to communicate with this latter officer and obtain orders. In obedience to orders received during the night of the 27th, I moved my entire command on the morning of the 28th direct to La Grange.

My entire loss during the expedition was 12 killed, 38 wounded, and 37 missing. The horses subsisted almost entirely upon green corn during our absence, but returned in fair condition.

I herewith inclose reports of the brigade and DIVISION commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Brigadier General Edward Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding First DIVISION.
HDQRS. 1ST DIV., CAV. CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,La Grange, Tenn., August 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from Brigadier General B. H. Grierson, commanding Cavalry Corps, District of WEST Tennessee, I moved out from this place on the 1st instant, having ordered concentration of this DIVISION at Holly Springs, Miss. Having opened communication with Holly Springs by railroad, according to instructions, and pursuant to further orders from Major General A. J. Smith, commanding Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, to whom I had been ordered to report, I moved out at daylight on the morning of the 8th instant with my command, increased by Colonel Noble's brigade, Second DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, and two brigades of General Mower's DIVISION, to the Tallahatchie River, where the enemy was found in some force, and manifesting a disposition to dispute the passage. I ordered Colonel Hill, commanding Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, to open on the enemy's sharpshooters, and Colonel Winslow, commanding Second DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, at the same time to charge, and, if possible, carry the railroad bridge. At the same time two guns of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry were brought up and opened on the enemy's rifle- pits, and under cover of this fire the Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry rapidly crossed the river. As soon as the enemy was driven from his position, Colonel Noble, with the THIRD and Fourth Iowa Cavalry, charged over the rail-

