
the general ascertaining that the supplies from Louisa had failed to arrive; and I was ordered with the balance of the DIVISION to send all my serviceable horses to Louisa to bring supplies to that point. These supplies arrived on the 3rd day of June, 1864, and on the 5th following I moved with my command in the direction of Pound Gap. On the same day Major F. H. Bierbower, Fortieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, reported to me for duty with three companies of his regiment, in accordance with orders received the day previous. While at the mouth of Beaver Creek the section of artillery under command of Lieutenant Hyde was ordered to return to Louisa, and one section of Battery C, First Kentucky Light Artillery, under Lieutenant McReynolds, and one section of mountain howitzers, and Lieutenant Walters, reported to me for duty. My command moved to within eighteen miles of Pound Gap that night.

On the morning of the 6th of June, in obedience to orders from General Burbridge (who was then in command of the DIVISION, General Hobson having been ordered back by the way of Louisa, Ky., the day previous), I sent General Gridder, with eight companies of the FIFTY-second and three companies of the Thirty-seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry, amounting to about 425 men, with instructions to occupy Pond Gap, and destroy all property belonging to the enemy or Government property found there which might be of use to the enemy and was liable to fall into their hands, and then to move rapidly on the track of Morgan, on his march into Central Kentucky. At the same time I moved with the balance of my command, with the rest of the DIVISION, in the direction of Prestonburg, Ky., and arrived there at 9 o'clock that night. At that point, in obedience to orders from General Burbridge, I left all dismounted men and those having disabled horses under charge of Lieutenant Stone, Thirty- seventh Kentucky Infantry, numbering about FIFTY; I also left the ambulances and the section of light artillery; all of which was reported in obedience to orders to Colonel C. J. True, Fortieth Kentucky Infantry. The following morning, June 7, my command (then consisting of about 100 men of the FIFTY-second and Thirty-seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry Regiments, under Major Tyler, and one section of mountain howitzers, under command of Lieutenant McReynolds), moved, with the rest of the DIVISION, through Salyersville and Hazel Green, Ky., and arrived at a point five miles from Mount Sterling at 2 a. m. of the 9th of June, 1864. There the DIVISION was rebrigaded, and the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Kentucky Infantry Regiments being ordered to me for duty, in a few minutes the DIVISION moved forward, Colonel J. M. Brown's brigade in the advance, Colonel R. W. Ratliff in the center, and mine in the rear. The advance of the column moved and engaged the enemy at 3. 30 a. m., near Mount Sterling. Moving on their left my brigade came up and engaged them on their right, and a sharp fight kept up for about three hours. In the confusion incident to moving so rapidly and dashing upon the enemy so suddenly, and being confined in a narrow road, inclosed by high fences, unable to deploy forces rapidly my command fell into a little confusion, under a steady and heavy fire from the enemy, but soon recovered and moved upon them steadily and with the regularity of veterans, and soon reoccupied the little ground we had lost. It was under these circumstances of confusion and disadvantage that the enemy captured one of the mountain howitzers in my command. My forces intended to support the howitzers were unable to get in position, and the enemy by a sudden dash drove back the very small force I then had near it and captured a gun, but the ammunition-chest

