
the 26th instant to a point four miles WEST of Holly Springs. On the 27th instant I moved to Holly Springs, and on the 28th instant arrived at La Grange with my command.

The behavior of this command on the expedition, with a few exceptions, was all that I could wish. I append a list of casualties during the expedition: Killed, 12; wounded, 37; missing, 35; total, 84.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Dist. of WEST Tennessee.

Numbers 20. Report of Major Charles C. Horton, Second Iowa Cavalry, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY,Germantown, Tenn., September 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part borne by the Second Iowa Cavalry during the late expedition of General A. J. Smith:

In obedience to orders from Colonel D. E. Coon, commanding Second Brigade, First DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, I left Collierville, Tenn., on the 2nd of August, 1864, marched to Holly Springs, Miss., and joined the brigade. General E. Hatch, commanding Cavalry Corps, crossed the Tallahatchie River on the 9th, and moved toward Oxford, Miss., Colonel Winslow, commanding Second DIVISION, in advance. The enemy were found in force near the town. Colonel Winslow's DIVISION was thrown on right and left flank, giving the Second Iowa the advance on the road. In obedience to orders from General Hatch, I dismounted the First and Second Battalions, commanded by Major Schnitzer and Captain Goodrich, to support a battery. The rebels, under Chalmers, had now fallen back to the south side of town, leaving one gun, with slight support, in position near the court- house. Major Moore, commanding THIRD Battalion, charged the town, driving the enemy and capturing 1 caisson.

The entire command returned to the Tallahatchie on the 10th. General Hatch moved again on Oxford road with First DIVISION on the 13th, the First Brigade on the left, the Sixth and Ninth Illinois, of Second Brigade, under Colonel Starr, on the right flank, Second Iowa, supported by one brigade of infantry with two guns, on the main road. Companies B and I were sent on the advance. They soon struck the rebel pickets and drove them for three miles, when they encountered a brigade of the enemy dismounted, from whim they received a heavy fire, throwing the advance into some confusion, but they were soon rallied. I dismounted the regiment and moved promptly to their support. After a sharp engagement of twenty minutes they were driven back upon their main line on the south side of Hurricane Creek. From this position they opened on us with two batteries. the infantry now came up, and our guns replied with shot and shell. The fighting was after this principally confined tot he right flank. After a severe engagement Colonel Starr turned Chalmers' left and compelled him to retire. My loss was 5 men wounded and 2 taken prisoners. The

