
regimental standard was badly torn by shell. During the next three days' skirmishing I lost 2 men killed, 4 wounded, and 3 missing. Total of casualties, 2 killed, 9 wounded, and 5 missing.

Returned to camp at Germantown on the 2nd of September, 1864. Distance marched, 200 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. HORTON,

Major Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel Joseph Karge, Second New Jersey Cavalry, commanding Second DIVISION.
HDQRS. 2nd DIV., CAV. CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, Miss., August 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the directions of the general commanding I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this DIVISION in the present expedition from the time I assumed command (August 17) up to this date:

For the report of the doings of the DIVISION prior to my taking command I must refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders, which I transmit herewith.

August 17, assumed command of the DIVISION, by order of Major General A. J. Smith, relieving Colonel E. F. Winslow, who from physical disability was unable to accompany the expedition. The command was then at Holly Springs, and consisted of the First Brigade, 1,274 strong, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph C. Hess, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding; the Second Brigade, 1,150 strong, Colonel John W. Noble, THIRD Iowa Cavalry, commanding. The First Brigade was composed of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Second New Jersey Cavalry, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, and First MISSISSIPPI Mounted Rifles; the Second Brigade, of the THIRD and Fourth Iowa Cavalry and Tenth Missouri Cavalry. With the DIVISION I had six pieces of artillery - four 12-pounder mountain howitzers of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and two 6-pounder rifles of the Tenth Missouri. August 18, with this force I left Holly Springs at 4. 30 p. m., and marched to Kelaugh's farm, some thirteen miles distant, arriving there at midnight. Owing to the heavy condition of the roads my train did not get up until the next morning. August 19, after feeding all the grain I had, I broke camp at 9 a. m. and moved forward to Abbeville, seven miles, and went into camp. August 20, remained in camp at Abbeville during the day. August 21, moved the command at 6 a. m. and marched one mile south of Hurricane Creek, and went into camp on the left of the army. August 22, left camp at 6 a. m., moving across the country to the left; struck the Rocky Ford road; moving on that some distance, I found it intersected the main Oxford road at an acute angle, and my instructions being to come in on the east of Oxford, I again moved across the country to the left and struck a plantation road, leading from the Rocky Ford to the Pontotoc and Oxford road; moving on the former some distance, I came into the latter about four miles of Oxford. Ob-

