
serving signs of the enemy here, I sent the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, under Captain Knispel on some four miles in the direction of Pontotoc, but he returned without hearing of any force of the enemy, bringing with him 2 prisoners. Upon reaching Oxford, I was directed by General Grierson to supply my command with rations to include the 26th instant, and to return to Abbeville, there to repair the bridge across the Tallahatchie and to await further orders. August 23, the bridge having been repaired during the night by details from the Second Brigade, I was ordered to cross the river and to await further orders on the north side; at noon I received orders to go into camp. August 24, remained in camp two miles north of the Tallahatchie. August 25, broke camp at 8 a. m. and marched to Holly Springs, arriving here at 2 p. m. (distance sixteen miles), and went into camp on the Salem and New Albany roads east of the town. August 26, in camp east of Holly Springs.

My horses are much worn down, having been fed for the last ten days on green corn. Many of them are foundered by the injudicious manner in which they have been fed. There is little or no sickness in the command.

The losses are as follows, viz: First Brigade, 2 missing (Privates Firestone and Dilday, Company E, first MISSISSIPPI Mounted Rifles); Second Brigade, 1 wounded (Corpl. J. K. P. McCallum, Company E, THIRD Iowa Cavalry, in the right arm, severely, August 8).

Respectfully submitted.

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel Second New Jersey Cavalry, Commanding DIVISION.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Dist. of WEST Tennessee.

Numbers 22. Report of Lieutenant Joseph C. Hess, Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Holly Springs, August 27, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report that the brigade now under my command left White's Station at 7 a. m. August 6, 1864. Passed through Germantown 8 a. m. ; took the Pigeon Roost road for Holly Springs; crossed Coldwater Stream and camped near it at 6 p. m. ; headquarters at W. J. Williams', thirty-one miles from Memphis. August 7, we left camp near Coldwater Stream at 8 a. m; took the Holly Springs road; halted at 11. 30 a. m. ; resumed our march at 1 p. m. and reached Holly Springs at 6 p. m; we found but little water on the road; encamped half a mile WEST of town. Camp very pleasantly situated, but water scarce. The brigade at this time numbered as follows, viz: Fourth Missouri Cavalry, 261 men, 8 officers; Second New Jersey Cavalry, 290 men, 13 officers; Seventh Indiana Cavalry, 582 men, 18 officers; Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 170 men, 8 officers; First MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, 80 men, 5 officers; total, 1,383 men, 52 officers.

On the 8th of August 400 men of the Seventh Indiana left at 2 a. m. on a reconnaissance under command of Major Simonson; went to Talla-

