
hatchie River, and were engaged in lively skirmishing that afternoon and a portion of the next day. We remained in camp at Holly Springs until August 17. During our stay at Holly Springs we sent out several parties on reconnaissance. On the night of the 10th the pickets were troubled by guerrillas; 1 man of the Seventh Indiana shot through the hand. Two hundred Fourth Missouri sent to Salem, and 150 Nineteenth Pennsylvania and 24 First MISSISSIPPI sent to Tippah River on the 11th August; Nineteenth Pennsylvania returned at 11 p. m. ; Fourth Missouri returned August 12, having captured a rebel lieutenant and 3 men. On the 14th of August sent out one battalion of Seventh Indiana and one battalion of Second New Jersey on reconnaissance to Lamar and Tippah River. Thirty- three men of Seventh Indiana, under command of Lieutenant Skelton, met a force of several hundred rebels at Lamar and boldly charged them, throwing them into confusion, and capturing several prisoners, but owing to the superior force of the enemy Lieutenant Skelton abandoned the prisoners and returned to camp. Two of his men wounded, one of whom was taken prisoner. On the 15th Lieutenant Renough and twenty men of Fourth Missouri were detailed at headquarters of General Smith. A portion of the Second New Jersey who were sent out on the 14th were surprised at Tippah River, and our guide, Williams, severely wounded. On the 16th we were ordered to prepare to move forward; FIFTY-four sick men and forty-one unserviceable horses were sent to White's Station. August 17, Colonel Joseph Karge having assumed command of the Second DIVISION, I was placed in command of this brigade, and left camp at 11. 30 a. m. ; moved into town and encamped at 12. 30 p. m. near the railroad. Scouting parties were sent out on the Salem and New Albany roads, but saw no force of the enemy. August 18, at 8 a. m. I moved my command across the railroad to the east, and there remained until 4. 30 p. m. ; then left for Waterford. Went into camp at Kelaugh's farm, thirteen miles from Holly Springs, 12 at night. The wagon train and the Second New Jersey, which was rear guard, did not arrive until 6 a. m. the next morning. Left Kelaugh's farm at 9. 30 a. m. August 19; reached Abbeville, seven miles, at 1 p. m. and went into camp. My wagon train stopped at the Tallahatchie and took on rations for the command, which were there in store for them, and came into camp at 3 p. m. The Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which had been sent forward August 16, rejoined the brigade at this place. remained in camp at Abbeville during the day, August 20; nothing of interest transpired. Left camp at Abbeville at 6 a. m. August 21, crossed Hurricane Creek at 7. 30 a. m. ; roads very bad; halted, watered, and waited until the infantry came up; resumed our march at 10 a. m. and went into camp one mile from the creek at 11 a. m. August 22, I left camp at 6 a. m. and took the Rocky Ford road for Oxford. Reached that place at 11 a. m. ; sent the Fourth Missouri on a scout on the Pontotoc road to go four miles, return, and report; here drew three days' rations for command. Left Oxford at 11. 30 a. m. and proceeded back to Abbeville, reaching that point at 6 p. m., and encamped until morning. Detailed 100 men of the Second New Jersey to assist in building the bridge across the Tallahatchie. August 23, I left camp at 5. 15 a. m., crossed the river, and went into camp one mile and a half beyond. The Fourth Missouri rejoined the command at this pls, who were captured near Oxford. August 24, remained in camp; sent 100 men of Second New Jersey to escort Major Graham and a party of Seventh Illinois Cavalry to Holly Springs. A party of foragers sent out from the First MISSISSIPPI lost

