
2 of their men, who straggled from the column (Privates Firestone and Dilday, of Company E). August 25, left camp at 8 a. m. for Holly Springs, at which point we arrived at 2 p. m., and went into camp on east side of the railroad, where we are still encamped.

I would respectfully call attention to the great amount of duty performed by this brigade during the expedition, which has left the horses in very bad condition. The brigade has no participated in any action since it has been under my command, and I report no casualties except the 2 men captured from the First MISSISSIPPI Mounted Rifles, 1 of whom (Private Firestone) is supposed to have been shot, as firing was heard in that direction immediately after he was missed from the command. The 2 prisoners captured by the Fourth Missouri were this day turned over to the provost-marshal.

I take pleasure in saying that in my opinion the officers and men of my command have conducted themselves in a very creditable manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. HESS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Cavalry Corps.

[Colonel E. F. WINSLOW.]

Numbers 23. Report of Colonel John W. Noble, THIRD Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with the direction of the colonel commanding, of this date, I have the honor to report that this command left Memphis, Tenn., for the present expedition on the 4th and 5th days of August, with 1,280 officers and men and 1,357 horses and mules. The Fourth Iowa, moving on the 4th, reached Holly Springs by way of Quinn's Mill on the 6th, and the THIRD Iowa and Tenth Missouri by the same route on the 7th, the distance being FIFTY-one miles. Forage sufficient to supply the command was obtained along the road. No other incident occurred during this march than the loss by the THIRD Iowa of 11 horses during the night of the 6th (1 man was wounded by the enemy, who succeeded in stealing away by-paths and through corn-fields) without the regiment being able to retake the property. The command on the morning of the 8th left Holly Springs at 3. 30 o'clock, leaving behind all wagons and unserviceable men and horses, and marched to the Tallahatchie River, eighteen miles, by 10 a. m. Dismounting the brigade and preparing to fight on foot, I advanced at 11 a. m. against the enemy, who were in force at the railroad bridge across the river, with the THIRD Iowa and Tenth Missouri, the THIRD Iowa in advance. The day was very warm; the ground a river bottom broken with creeks and bayous, and covered with the debris of fallen trees hid amid the tallest weeds. The skirmishing was for a time warm, but our men advancing boldly, and the section of artillery under Lieutenant Treece, of the Tenth Missouri, opening with promptness and effect, t he enemy retired, and the THIRD Iowa Cavalry crossed the Tallahatchie. Withdrawing all but a picket, we camped on the north side of the river during the night. Our loss was 1 man wounded. The morning of the

