
9th we moved out at 2 a. m., crossing the bridge constructed by our troops during the night and gaining the advance of the army. This brigade, with which was now united the Seventh Indiana Cavalry, moved against the enemy, who was in position about two miles from the river. The Fourth Iowa Cavalry, dismounted, moved forward on the left under cover of the woods; the Tenth, dismounted, on the center and in front of their section of artillery; the Seventh Indiana, dismounted, on the right, the THIRD Iowa remaining mounted in line in rear of the artillery. The enemy opened upon our lines with five pieces of artillery, and the engagement continued until we gained possession of his position at 11 a. m. The THIRD Iowa Cavalry was now thrown in advance, and skirmished with the enemy to Hurricane Creek, a distance of about six miles, where the rebels again took position and opened their battery. Dismounting the THIRD Iowa and Tenth Missouemy was put to flight. I at this time ordered up the Seventh Indiana Cavalry with the intention of charging the retreating battery of the enemy, but the order was countermanded by my superior officer. The enemy seemed to flee precipitately and, I think, was demoralized. We were relieved at this point by the First DIVISION, and proceeded with them to Oxford, eight miles. On the road a rebel, armed and mounted, was captured by myself and staff officers. Two prisoners were taken at the affair on Hurricane Creek by the Tenth Missouri. On the 10th we marched from Oxford to Abbeville, some twelve miles. On the 11th there were sent back from this brigade FIFTY-six sick men and sixty disabled animals, including twenty men and twenty horses from the Seventh Indiana Cavalry. This detachment was under charge of Captain Neet, Tenth Missouri Cavalry. Our train reached us at this point, and in the evening the brigade was ordered to Waterford, twelve miles, which place was reached at 2 a. m., and at 6 a. m. of the same morning we marched for Holly Springs, which point we reached at noon, eight miles. The brigade remained at Holly Springs until the 18th, sending patrols to Salem, Hudsonville, and on the New Albany road daily, averaging a march, with foraging, &amp;c., of about five miles per diem for the whole command. At 5 p. m. of the 18th we marched toward Tallahatchie River, thirteen miles, and on the 19th we moved on toward Abbeville, beyond the river, eight miles. On the 20th regimental reports exhibited the strength of the command at 1,137 officers and men and 1,195 horses and mules. At 4 p. m. of the 20th the brigade marched to Hurricane Creek, except the THIRD Iowa, which reported the next day; six miles. We were in camp on the 21st, and on the 22nd at 5. 30 a. m. we marched on the left flank of the army, advancing on Oxford, arriving at that town at 11 a. m., and, without halting, proceeded back to the Tallahatchie River by Wyatt's Ferry road, arriving at 4 p. m., having marched in the day twenty-five miles. The bridge being down over the Tallahatchie it was repaired by this bridge by 12 o'clock at night, the men and officers working with great zeal, in hope that the corps would aid at least in punishing the enemy, then reported to have made a daring raid upon Memphis. On the 23rd we moved two miles and went into camp. On the 24th we remained in camp. On the 25th we marched to Holly Springs, eleven miles, arriving at which point four squadrons went on picket 150 men on patrol of six miles out, and twenty men and officer to bear dispatches to Waterford. On this (the 26th) 100 men have patrolled six miles and back, and forty men and officers sent out on other special duty.

This is a hasty summary of the services of the brigade made here in the field. It is but proper to add that it furnishes but a very imperfect

