
drawn to the junction of Tippah and Abbeville roads. Received a few minutes after a written order from Colonel Wade to assume command of the Fifth Mississippi, and hold both regiments in front of the enemy, skirmishing with him as he advanced. Lieutenant-Colonel Shacklett, of the Kentucky brigade, having withdrawn, I pressed forward, and after light skirmishing the enemy retired to Isham; s house. Sent a courier to Colonel Wade, but received no reply. At 12 m. sent another, who returned stating that all the troops had retired, and Colonel Wade was not to be found. Sent courier in search of General chalmers. Found his telegraph operator, who, after communicating with General Chalmers, sent me orders to retire. I remained until 6. 30 p. m. in front of Oxford, and then retired five miles to rear on the Oliver's Bridge road. I had dispatched another courier to Colonel Wade at 4 p. m., who found him five miles south of Yocona at 8 p. m. By General Chalmers' orders I reported to Colonel Wade next morning south of Yocona.

I am indebted to the discretion of Lieutenant-Colonel Nesbit and the promptitude with which he acted in obeying an order to cover a flanking road, thereby preventing a party of the enemy from passing my right flank and to my rear, the roads to my rear all being exposed after the withdrawal of our troops without my knowledge.

August 23, we moved with the brigade after the retreating Yankees. Attacked them at Abbeville. My command was mounted; the Fifth MISSISSIPPI dismounted. We held the position against three regiments of infantry until they had not only flanked us on both sides, but almost closed in our rear. When the order reached me to retire my flag (the staff and material of which are riddled with shot) was in forty paces of the flag of the advancing infantry.

We lost in this engagement First Lieutenant J. T. Crews, Company E, killed, an officer of highest worth and coolest bravery; Second Lieutenant C. A. Douglas, Company F, severely wounded; Captain Wood, Company E, slightly wounded; 3 privates severely wounded.

Brevet Second Lieutenant Nichols, Company F, is specially worthy of notice for gallantry in the last skirmish.

Respectfully submitted.

D. C. KELLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain V. B. WADDELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Report of killed, wounded, and missing in engagement on 23rd instant of Second Brigade, First DIVISION, Forrest's Cavalry.

 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Missing.

5th MISSISSIPPI Regiment. 	 4	 10	 12

7th MISSISSIPPI Regiment. 	 1	 . . . 	 . . .

8th MISSISSIPPI Regiment a. 	 . . . 	 . . . 	 . . .

7th Tennessee Regiment. 	 1	 1	 . . .

26th Tennessee Battalion. 	 1	 4	 . . .

Willis' battalion. 	 . . . 	 . . . 	 . . .

Total. 	 7	 15	 12

a No report. Is on detached service.

WM. B. WADE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

AUGUST 24, 1864.

