
was saved by Lieutenant McReynolds, assisted by Captain Trebein. The captured piece was moved off a few hundred yards, and Captain hicks, Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, received my permission to take his company and recapture it, and before the fighting ceased he reported it to me. The conduct of Captain Trebein in Lieutenant McReynolds in saving the ammunition chest, and Captain Hicks in recovering the piece from the enemy, was daring and gallant, and for which they have my thanks. During the engagement the officers and men behaved with coolness and courage, and I noticed especially the good conduct of Colonel Mims, Thirty-ninth Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Mullins and Major Bierbower, Fortieth Kentucky Infantry; Major Tyler, FIFTY-second Kentucky, and Lieutenant McReynolds, Company C, First Kentucky Artillery, and the officers and men under them. During the day the enemy made an attack on the Winchester pike, and kept up a heavy firing on the right and left of the road for several hours, and retired about 5 o'clock in the evening. While we were there my brigade was again changed, and when we moved next morning (June 10) at 4 o'clock it consisted of two battalions of Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Fortieth Kentucky Infantry, and detachments of Thirty-seventh and FIFTY-second Kentucky Infantry, and one section of mounted howitzers. My brigade, with Major Tyler, commanding detachments Thirty-seventh and FIFTY-second Kentucky, in the extreme advance, moved through Winchester into Lexington, Ky., arriving there about 12 m. Finding no enemy here, we rested until about 12 o'clock that night (in the mean time drawing some fresh horses and supplies). Colonel R. W. Ratliff being assigned to duty as post commandant of Lexington, Ky., the THIRD Battalion of Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry reported, in obedience to orders, to me for duty.

Moved with my command about 1 a. m. June 11 in the direction of Paris, Ky., arriving there about daybreak next morning. There we fed, and remained until about 10 o'clock that night, when I moved with my brigade in front of the DIVISION in the direction of Cynthiana, Ky. Major Tyler, FIFTY-second Kentucky, had the extreme advance, and encountered the enemy's pickets at 2. 20 a. m. June 12 about two miles and a half from Cynthiana and drove them back, and soon became engaged with the enemy's skirmishes and held them in check until the column closed up. The Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was moved to the extreme right of my brigade, and the Fortieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, dismounted, formed on their left, extending across the Paris pile. I ordered by brigade forward. They moved steadily on, and a heavy engagement commenced, lasting

about one hour, when the enemy was repulsed and driven back in confusion. My command, with the rest of the DIVISION, charged upon the town and soon occupied it, and contributed in capturing a large number of prisoners, horses,&amp;c. After resting several hours I received orders from General Burbridge to move with my mounted men through Carlisle to Mount Sterling, and there dispose of my force

scatter all of the bands or squads of the enemy that might be in that vicinity. At 1 p. m. June 12 we moved, and arrived at Mount Sterling at 9 o'clock next morning. Before arriving at Mount Sterling I learned that Colonel J. H. Grider, had arrived there with his force of about 245 men, and I sent Captain Trebein, my acting assistant adjutant-general, ahead to order Colonel Grider to have his men, in the street and ready to move by the time I arrived. Upon my arrival I sent him with his force by rapid march to Mud Lick Springs, with instructions to send a force in the direction of Poplar Plains, and otherwise scout

