
I have the honor to submit the above as my report for the past month. Hoping that it may be received, I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

CHARLES T. BISER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

AUGUST 1-31, 1864. -Operations in Eastern Kentucky, and skirmishes (1st) near Bardstown, Ky., and (2d) near New Haven, Ky.

Report of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, First DIVISION, District of Kentucky.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF Kentucky,Lebanon, Ky., August 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since the beginning of the present month:

The Thirty-fifth Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry (Colonel Starling) arrived at Bardstown, Ky., on the 1st instant, and while encamping were apprised of there having been but a few hours before a party of guerrillas in town, who had cut the telegraph wires and robbed the operator's house, besides committing other rascalities. Lieutenant Good, of Company A, was immediately dispatched in pursuit, and overtook them about five miles from town. Two of the rebels were killed and 4 wounded, and 4 horses and equipments and some arms taken. The rebels fired a couple of volleys, but none of our men were injured. On the 2nd instant Captain J. B. Nipp, Company C, Fortieth Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry, was ordered to proceed toward New Haven on a scout. Upon nearing that place he ascertained the whereabouts of a party of rebels and paid them a visit, capturing 7. Two of the prisoners attempted to escape and were shot by the guard; one was mortally and the other severely wounded. A scout from the Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, sent to Livingston on the 8th instant, captured 3 and killed 2 guerrillas. Another scout, from the same regiment, sent out on the 8th instant from Livingston down Mitchell's Creek, trough Mud Camp, killed 2 rebels and captured 5. On last Sunday evening a party from the Thirteenth came upon a band of guerrillas who had been robbing stores; killed 3 of them and retook some $700 or $800 worth of goods and captured several good horses and 10 navy pistols.

This country has been thoroughly scouted and can, I think, in a very short time, be entirely cleared of the bands of guerrillas and horse-thieves which now infest it and peace and quiet restored. The late orders relating to movements of the troops will necessarily delay the carrying out of the plans to capture these several bands, and will leave the country to a great extent unprotected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain John S. BUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Dist. of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.

26 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

