
this fleet be ordered to report to the Signal Camp of Instruction, New Orleans. They have not been sufficiently instructed in their duties as to be of service in the field.

FRANK W. MARSTON,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Chief Signal Officer, Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi.

Major CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi.

Numbers 4. Reports of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding land forces.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gaines, August 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the old flag now floats over Fort Gaines, the entire garrison having surrendered to the combined forces of the army and navy this morning at 8 o'clock. By this surrender we have captured 818 prisoners of war, including 46 commissioned officers, 26 guns, a large amount of ordnance stores and ammunition, and subsistence stores for a garrison of 800 men for twelve months. I inclose a copy of the terms of surrender, by which it will be seen it was unconditional and complete. I shall move my troops without delay to Mobile Point, near Pilot Town, so as to invest Fort Morgan, leaving as small a force as possible to garrison and hold fort Gaines. Fort powell was evacuated and dismantled on the night of the 5th instant, the garrison escaping to Cedar Point, but leaving all the guns, eighteen in number, in excellent condition for immediately service. All the prisoners are now being forwarded as rapidly as possible at Fort Morgan already outnumbers my own force, and that they are amply supplies to resist to the very last. Under these circumstances I respectfully request that my re-enforcements may be forwarded without delay. In the mean time I shall make the investment under protection of the gun-boats, and do all in my power with the troops under my command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -The transport Kate Dale has just arrived with 800 men, and the others are in sight. We will land on Mobile Point at daylight to-morrow.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, August 7, 1864.

Colonel C. D. ANDERSON, Commanding Fort Gaines:

SIR: In accordance with the proposal made in your letter of this morning* for the surrender of Fort Gaines, I have to say that after

---------------

*See report of the Secretary of the Navy for 1864, p. 399.

---------------

27 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

