
communicating with General Granger, in command of our forces on Dauphin Island, the only offers we can make are:

First. The unconditional surrender of yourself and the garrison of Fort Gaines, with all of the public property within its limits. Second. The treatment which is in conformity with the custom of the most civilized nations toward prisoners of war. This. Private property, with the exception of arms, will be respected.

This communication will be handed to you by Fleet Captain P. Drayton and Colonel Myer, of the U. S. Army, who fully understand the views of General Granger and myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

The above conditions and terms of surrender are agreed to by the undersigned, and the ceremony of turning over the prisoners of war, Fort Gaines, and all public property appertaining thereto intact, and in the same condition it is now, will take place at 8 a. m. to- morrow, August 8.

C. D. ANDERSON,

Colonel Twenty-first Alabama Regiment, Commanding Fort Gaines.

Witnessed:

P. DRAYTON,

Fleet Captain.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel, Signal Officer, Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mobile Bay, August 20, 1864.

MAJOR: We now have sixteen guns and fourteen mortars in position. Two more mortars and six guns are yet to be placed in position, all of which will be completed to-morrow; also the magazines, platforms, &amp;c. Unless we have a repetition of the terrible storm or hurricane which prevailed last night and to-day our batteries, both land and naval, will open Monday morning, the 22nd instant, at daylight. A deserter escaped from the fort last night and reports that our firing thus far, which has been sLight, amounting to 150 shots, has dismounted 3 pieces, killed 3 men, and wounded 15, and otherwise considerably damaged the fort and demoralized the garrison. We are strongly in hopes that our shelling will produce the desired effect of forcing it to surrender, and thereby avoid a long and tedious siege. Captain Palfrey, however, suggests that in order to save time and be prepared for the siege in case we cannot compel a surrender by shelling, that the Ninety-eighth Colored Regiment by sent to Fort Macomb, with orders to construct 5,000 gabions and 2,500 fascines in case we should require them. General gordon has reported and been assigned to the western defenses of Mobile Bay, rather a diminished command. If it is the intention of the commanding general to make a dash on Mobile, the sooner it is done after the fall of Morgan the better. Admiral Farragut is now in the humor and anxious, and we feel certain that with 12,000 men we can speedily reduce the city to submission or ashes.

