
be much needed. It is contemplated that at the time the above landings are effected, the main body of the fleet will pass the forts, and, occupying the interior of the bay, will destroy the enemy's naval forces therein, and cutting of the enemy's works will render their reduction certain. This naval force should be in constant communication with the vessels at the points above named and with the land forces. The detail of the signal corps recommended for the entire operations is as follows: Commissioned officers, total 10; enlisted men instructed in general service code, total 14; to the main fleet, 5 officers and 5 men; to the gun-boats conveying party at Mobile Point, 1 officer and 2 men; to the gun-boats covering landing at Dauphin Island, 1 officer and 2 men; to Sand Island, 1 officer; to the Mobile Point land forces, 3 officer and 2 men; to Sand Island, 1 officer; to the Mobile Point land forces, 3 offices and 3 men; to the Dauphin Island land forces, 1 officer and 2 men. At least one-half the signal party of the main landing force will land with the first detachment of the main landing party, and will at once from the shore open communication with the transports and with the covering gun-boats. A signal flag will be continually kept with the advance of the troops, and, if the peninsula is crossed, will hasten to open communication with the fleet inside. This communication will be with the flag-ship if possible, and officers on board her will try to see that it is opened. In the mean time the remainder of the party will keep communication with the gun-boats will try to keep communication with the troops on shore, the general there commanding, and will also try to open from their tops to the fleet inside across the peninsula. So soon as the troops on shore, the general there commanding, and will also try to open from their tops to the fleet inside across the peninsula. So soon as the troops are re-established in the different points communication will be opened with Sand Island, if that point is occupied. Sand Island will also, if practicable, put itself in communication with the fleet inside and the troops landing on Dauphin Island. The signal detachment with the inside landing on Dauphin Island will land in part with the first landing party. It will then keep up communication with the gun-boats there and the transports. It will, after the landing, try to communicate with Sand Island. It will keep a constant watch for any friendly gun-boat appearing inside of Fort Powell, and will advance, open with, and afterward maintain the communication. Every care must be taken to make sure that the vessels detailed to lie inside of or to attack Fort powell are accompanied by a signal party, to at once, and by every effort, aim to communicate with the troops on Dauphin Island, and also with the flag-ship or squadron in the bay. The flag-ship, on which, on account of the numerous stations to be in communication, there ought to be at least three good readers, should be placed in communication, first, with the troops on the Mobile Point; second, with the vessels lying outside; THIRD, with the vessels off Fort Powell; fourth, with Sand Island. This vessel should also be in communication with the different vessels of the squadron.

The general service code should be used for all ordinary communications; but special messages must be sent in cipher, commanders to designate to commissioned officers the messages they require to be in cipher. The signal officer commanding the detachment must, prior to the action, indicate a call by which each naval vessel can distinguish when she is called. When the land and naval forces are near together, the red flag used on land to send a message will indicate that the naval fire is needed, and that any vessel receiving the message is requested to turn her guns upon the point indicated by the signal. All directions for naval fire to aid land forces must be given by compass, if possible. It will be the duty of the senior signal officer present to see that suitable

