
persons are selected for the different stations, and that they are carefully instructed in the minutia of the duties to be discharged by them during this particular action. Each officer will be furnished before the action with a written copy of the general plan for the duties of the corps, and with a written memorandum of the special signals.

N. Henry CAMP,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Numbers 7. Itinerary of U. S. Forces in Mobile Bay, Ala., commanded by Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army. *Fort Morgan, Ala., invested.

August 22. -Bombardment commenced; lasted twenty-six hours.

August 23. -Fort Morgan capitulated; casualties reported, 7 wounded, Major-General Granger turned over the command to Brigadier-General Gordon, and proceeded to New Orleans.

August 25. -Occupied Cedar point with six regiments and a battery. Found there one 12-pounder howitzer in good condition, abandoned by the rebels. The records of the expedition having been taken by General Granger to New Orleans, this record of events is necessarily imperfect.

Numbers 8. Itinerary of U. S. Forces on Mobile Point, Ala., commanded by Colonel Henry Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry. *

August 1. -The Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry embarked [at Brazos Santiago, Tex.] on board U. S. transport Suwanee at 1 p. m. for New Orleans.

August 6. -Arrived at New Orleans; Ninety-fourth Illinois rejoined brigade same day.

August 7. -Second Brigade embarked for Dauphin Island, Mobile Bay, Ala; Ninety-fourth Illinois on transport Kate Dale; Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, with headquarters, on steamer Suwanee; Twentieth and Thirty-eight Iowa on propellers Marine, Josephine, and Patroon.

August 8. -Arrived off Fort Gaines, Mobile Bay, and anchored.

August 10. -The troops went on gun-boats; landed on Mobile Point, Ala.

August 12. -Moved camp to the south beach and commenced active operations in the reduction of Fort Morgan.

August 22. -Commenced a general bombardment on Fort Morgan at sunrise, and kept up a continual fire for twelve hours. At 10 p. m. the fort was discovered on fire.

August 23. -At 2. 30 p. m. Fort Morgan surrendered to the army and navy. Nothing has transpired since the surrender of Fort Morgan. No men lost during the siege of Fort Morgan. The Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry had 2 men wounded by the enemy, and the Twentieth Iowa Infantry 2 wounded by our own shells.

---------------

*From return for August, 1864.

---------------

