
Numbers 9. Report of Captain Edward Coulter, Twentieth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Morganza, La., September 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the siege and capture of Fort Morgan, Ala.:

On the morning of the 7th of August the regiment embarked on transports for Mobile Bay. The 9th we entered the bay. On the 10th we landed on Mobile Point. On the 11th moved up to within two miles and a half of the fort, within easy range of the enemy's guns. We took our part in the planting of the batteries and in the rifle- pits. During the bombardment, Company C, Captain Mark L. Thomson, Lieutenants Lytle and Johnston manned one of the mortar batteries, and received the personal thanks of General Granger for the gallant manner in which they handled it.

The enemy shelled our camp several times during the siege, doing no damage, however. Our loss during the entire siege was 1 man, Private Nelson Benedict, Company I, slightly wounded in side with piece of shell.

The fatigue duty was very heavy, but the men bore it patiently, knowing that their labors would result in the capture of the fort and garrison, which was consummated on the morning of the 23rd of August, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. COULTER,

Captain, Commanding Twentieth Iowa.

Brigadier General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General State of Iowa.

Numbers 10. Report of Major William Roy, First Indiana Heavy Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTALION FIRST INDIANA HEAVY ARTILLERY,Mobile Point, Ala., August 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith transmit a report of the part taken in the late action resulting in the reduction of Fort Morgan, Ala., by Batteries B, F, H, and K of the First Indiana Heavy Artillery, under my command.

Batteries B, F, and K arrived at Pilot Cover wharf on Tuesday morning, 16th instant, and were from that time until the night of the 21st instant being placed in position on a line extending from the bay to the gulf, distant from Fort Morgan from 700 to 900 yards. Battery B had in action four 10-inch mortars, and fired 298 shell, with great precision; commenced firing on the morning of the 22nd instant at 5 a. m. and ceased at 6. 40 a. m. 23d. Battery F had in this action two 8-inch and two 10-inch mortars, and fired 285 shell; commenced firing at 5 a. m. on the 22nd instant and ceased at 6. 40 a. m. 23rd instant. Less than ten per cent. of these shell fell outside the fort. Battery H was landed near Pilot Cove on the morning of the 14th of August, and went into position on the evening of the same day on the left of the besieging forces, distant from Fort Morgan about 1,500 yards; the battery consisted of four 30-pounder Parrotts. This battery commenced firing on the even-

