
ing of the 15th instant and kept up a desultory fire until the morning of the 21st instant, principally by the first section. The full result of the fire could not be ascertained, but there is reason to believe that at least three of the barbette guns on the fort were disabled and several of the garrison killed and wounded. Opened a regular fire on the morning of the 22nd from both sections; ceased firing at 11 a. m. The whole number of shots fired from this position was about 200. Moved up to within 500 yards of the fort and went into position on the evening of the same day, and fired nine shots on the morning of the 23d. Battery K had in action on the extreme left the line two 10-inch mortars and two on the right center of the second line, and fired with great accuracy 223 shell, all falling inside of the fort and inflicting serious damage. For character of projectiles, elevation, distance, &amp;c., I would refer you to tabular statements from the several battery commanders.

Too much praise cannot be awarded the officers and men of the command for their coolness and bravery in danger or their efficiency in action. Where all have done so well I cannot discriminate. You will allow me to further add they have done their whole duty, and, taking into consideration their inexperience in the particular branch to which they were assigned, they have surpassed my most sanguine expectations.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM ROY,

Major, Commanding Battalion First Indiana Artillery.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Frank B. Fenton, Battery A, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

MOBILE POINT, ALA., August 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to comply with your direction in making the following report of Battery A, Second Illinois Artillery, viz:

Landed on the 15th and had the battery in position and ready for action on the morning of the 17th, under command of Captain H. Borris, who was relieved by order of General Arnold on the 17th, when the command was turned over to me. Firing commenced at 5 a. m. 22nd and was kept up at regular intervals of fifteen minutes to each piece until 9. 30 a. m. firing was resumed again from one section at 5 p. m., by order of General Arnold, and kept up one hour, after which time firing ceased altogether from my battery by order of General Granger. I am happy to report no casualties occurred during the entire siege in my command.

Inclosed please find the report* of firing of my battery during the bombardment of Monday.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. B. FENTON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery A, Second Illinois Artillery.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

