
Numbers 12. Report of Captain Jacob B. Rawles, Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

PILOT TOWN, MOBILE BAY, ALA., August 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the recent siege of Fort Morgan:

The battery left New Orleans on the 15th instant and arrived at Pilot Town, Mobile Bay, on the 16th. They were at once put to work laying platforms, building a magazine, and preparing a battery for two 10-inch mortars, which were to be put in position at a distance of 900 yards from the fort. This work was completed by the 21st and everything in readiness to open fire. On Monday morning, the 22nd instant, in accordance with previous orders receive fromthe chief of artillery, the battery commenced firing at 5 a. m., throwing a shell from each mortar every fifteen minutes. This was kept up during the day and night, with a slight variation at different times in the rapidity of fire. At about 7. 30 o'clock on the morning of the 23rd the firing was discontinued, a white flag having been displayed from the fort, and at 2 p. m. our troops took possession, the garrison having surrendered. I inclose with this report a table* of five giving having surrendered. I inclose with this report a table* of fire giving the range, amount of charges, elevation, &amp;c, that I used during the bombardment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. RAWLES,

First Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Arty., Commanding Batty. G, Fifth U. S. Arty.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Arty., Dept. of the Gulf, Hdqrs. New Orleans, La.

Numbers 13. Reports of Major General Dabney H, Maury, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

MOBILE, August 5, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

Seventeen of the enemy's vessels (fourteen ships and three iron- clads) passed Fort Morgan this morning. The Tecumseh, a monitor, was sunk by Fort Morgan. The Tennessee surrendered after a desperate engagement with the enemy's fleet. Admiral Buchanan lost a leg and is prisoner. The Selma was captured. The Gaines was beached near the hospital. The Morgan is safe and will try and run up to-night. The enemy's fleet has approached the city. A monitor has been engaging Fort Powell all day.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON.

MOBILE, Monday, August 8, 1864.

Friday night Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, commanding Fort Powell, evacuated and blew up the fort. Yesterday and to-day the enemy are

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

