
to this city. Urgent orders were sent to Colonel C. D. Anderson, Twenty-first Alabama, the commander of Gaines, to hold his fort to last extremity. He surrendered his fort, with about 600 good troops in it, on yesterday morning. The commander and garrison of Fort Morgan evince a noble spirit of resolution.

Grant's Pass is now for transports and Mobile may be attacked in a short time. Henceforth the place must always be held ready for attack. There are an unusual number of women and children here. They will not go away until the shells begin to fall, when it may be too late. There is six months' supply of victuals here for a garrison. The ordnance supplies are still insufficient for siege. The citizens, employees, reserves, militia, two Louisiana regiment of heavy artillery, six companies of cavalry, and a battalion of men selected from companies of correction, in all about 4,000, now man the works. A regiment of reserves and about 300 artillerists are en route. Other reserves are under orders to come here-say 1,000. Last night I received a dispatch from my most intelligent New Orleans correspondent stating Canby's force at 3,000. If this be so no immediate attack upon the city is probable. Forrest telegraphs me that the force advancing down MISSISSIPPI Central road is about 15,000 men. It has forced Chalmers back toward Oxford. Forrest has about 7,000 cavalry. I have ordered Generals Wirt Adams and Liddell to re-enforce him, if possible. They may send him 1,000 to 1,500 men, and the State reserves and militia of MISSISSIPPI may given him 1,500 more. With this I think he can retard and, perhaps, defeat the enemy. I go to Meridian this evening.

No tidings yet of General Taylor or of troops crossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.]

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 31, 1864.

Reed and returned to Secretary of War.

Let the requisite ordnance and ordnance stores be furnished. The commander of the reserves of Alabama should be urged to greatest- exertion.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.

Mr. S. [HEPHERD]:

Communicate the President's indorsement to Colonel Gorgas. I will write General Withers.

J. A. S.

[THIRD indorsement.]

Noted.

J. GORGAS.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Mobile, Ala., August 12, 1864.

MY DEAR SIR: I received to-day your dispatch inquiring for the particulars concerning the surrender of Fort Gaines. I have answered as to the main points. When the fleet first appeared to be increasing

