
that developed upon him during this campaign. He has always rendered a cheerful obedience to all orders. He was in the engagements at Mount Sterling and Cynthiana, and did his duty well, proved himself an officer of judgment and experience, as well as a gallant soldier. I would also speak in high praise of Captain Hicks, Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Doctor Haselwood, Thirty- seventh Kentucky, Lieutenant Armstrong, Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Captains Watts and White, and Quartermaster Mattingly, Thirty-seventh Kentucky Infantry, all of whom were on my staff during a portion or all of the campaign; Captain Hicks, Lieutenant Armstrong, and Doctor Haselwood went through the entire campaign. They did their duty faithfully and cheerfully, and rendered any other service necessary to promote the success of the expedition, and by their prompt and willing manner gave hope and strength to my command.

I am under obligations to all of the soldiers who have been under my command for any time during this expedition, and ask God's blessing upon them. But I am especially grateful to the Thirty- ninth, Fortieth, and a small detachment of Thirty-seventh and FIFTY-second Kentucky Mounted Infantry Regiments, and one section of mountain howitzers that were in my brigade during the fight at Mount Sterling, Ky. ; and Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Fortieth Kentucky, and detachment of Thirty-seventh and FIFTY-second Kentucky that were with me at the fight at Cynthiana, for bravery displayed on the field, and efficient services rendered in the most trying hours of battle.

I should, perhaps, not make special mention of any officers where all did their duty so well, but I will not conclude without speaking in complimentary terms of Colonel Mims, Thirty-ninth Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Mullins and Major Bierbower, Fortieth Kentucky, and Major Tyler, FIFTY-second Kentucky, and commending them for their general good conduct. They have been severely tried, and proved themselves officers and soldiers, and can be trusted without fear of bringing dishonor to any position to which they may be assigned.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. HANSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General N. M. McLEAN,

Commanding First DIVISION, District of Kentucky.

The following is a list of casualties in my command:

 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Missing.

Detachments 37th and 52nd	 3	 6	 1

Kentucky

12th Ohio Volunteer Cavalry	 19 	 70	 190

40th Kentucky Mounted Infantry	 1	 29	 ---

Section mountain howitzers	 1	 2	 ---

Total	 24	 107	 191

No. 8. Report of Colonel John Mason Brown, Forty-fifth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Lexington, Ky., June 29, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the force under my command from the morning of 5th of June

