
As yet no important assistance has been rendered by the Governor of Alabama. The calls he has made on the people of the State have been responded to but feebly.

My attention was called soon after entering upon this command to the evils and abuses which have sprung up under the operations of the contracts for purchasing Government supplies with cotton. I, therefore, by virtue of the authority which has been vested in the commander of the department, have suspended the further operation of those contracts. They have contributed very little to the military resources of our country, while they have caused fraud and corruption, for which nothing can adequately compensate. I have also caused all restrictions which have been placed by Government officers on transportation of supplied along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to be removed. The object of those restrictions was to prevent speculation and extortion. Their operation was oppressive to the people, and not effectual against the extortioners.

I have just learned unofficially that Lieutenant-General Taylor has arrived in person at Woodville, Miss. No troops are reported to have come with him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army.

MOBILE, ALA., October 6, 1864.

DEAR SIR: His Excellency the President recently referred to me a report written by Lieutenant Barrett, of the Torpedo Bureau, relative to the passage of the enemy's fleet between Forts Morgan and Gaines on the 5th of August. From other sources I had learned that Lieutenant Barrett had been misinformed, and was mistaken as to some of the facts of his report. The return of Captain Whiting to Mobile enables me to submit to you a report which is entitled to full credit. The writer is one of the most intelligent officers of the late garrison of Fort Morgan. Do me the kindness to call His Excellency's attention particularly to Captain Whiting's statement.

Very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary to His Excellency President Jefferson Davis.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 19, 1864.

Referred to General G. j. Rains for his perusal and remarks. One inclosure.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Second indorsement.]

TORPEDO BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., October 21, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

HONORED SIR: The enemy's report, published in the New Orleans Picayune newspaper of 9th of August, states that fact that the Tecumseh

