
Four hundred and ninety-one projectiles were delivered from this fort during the passage of the fleet.

Our naval forces, under Admiral Buchanan, fought most gallantly against odds before unknown to history.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. Page,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.

FORT MORGAN, August 8, 1864.

Yesterday morning at daylight Colonel Anderson communicated with enemy by flag of truce without my sanction. I immediately asked him by signal purpose of it. He made no acknowledgment, through I fired signal guns to gain his attention, and telegraphed repeatedly in case he was on lookout, but unable to make signal, "Hold on to your fort. " I went there last night and was greatly surprised to find Colonel Anderson absent in the fleet making terms for surrender. I gave peremptory orders on his return if the enemy did not return with him all terms were annulled and he was relied from command. This morning fired signal guns and telegraphed same effect. No reply. At 9. 30 o'clock enemy's flag hoisted on Fort Gaines. Colonel Anderson's conduct inexplicable and disgraceful. On 4th I visited Gaines, encouraged the garrison, and found good feeling. All my orders have been for protracted resistance.

R. L. Page,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Fort Morgan, August 8, 1864.

GENERAL: After the entrance of the enemy's fleet into the bay, when this outer line was taken in the rear, Colonel Anderson commanding the western part of the line, Gaines, Powell, and Cedar Point, signaled me as to holding the last position, and was ordered to do so as long as it was tenable. In the afternoon Colonel Williams, commanding Fort Powell, after a bombardment from monitors in the rear of that work, telegraphed to this effect: "My rear not defensible. I must evacuate to-night or surrender in forty- eight hours; " and was replied to: "When no longer tenable, save your garrison. Hold on as long as you can. " During the night a fire and explosion occurred there, and my conjecture was that he had evacuated, which was confirmed by the occupation of it by the enemy on the next morning. On the 4th instant I visited Gaines, encouraged the garrison, and had the assurance from Colonel Anderson of a protracted and determined resistance. On the morning of the 5th Colonel A[nderson]'s dispatch was to this effect: "The enemy are planting batteries in the sand-hills within easy range. If the fleet opens upon me from the other direction I cannot cover more than half of my men, but will do the best I can. My situation is critical. " To which my reply said, "Do your best and keep the men in good cheer. * * *" Later he telegraphed, "* * * *. We will emulate our glorious old admiral and do our very best; " and on the next day (the 6th) that "the enemy are planting mortar batteries in the sand-hills," and that "all his heavy guns save one were disabled" (these were, however, afterward got

