
in working order), "and they (the enemy) are pushing up their batteries and intrenchments vigorously. " Colonel Anderson that afternoon, having received something of an attack from two monitors, though without serious injury to his works or loss of men, thought his position precarious, and inquired of me could I do anything in his behalf, and requested that an officer be sent to consult with him some time in the night. This was complied with, and the officers sent were ordered to urge Colonel Anderson to make a determined resistance and keep his hold on his fort to the last extremity. They were of the impression that such was his design on their return.

Early on the morning of 7th I was astonished to receive report from my lookout that a flag of truce had proceeded from Fort Gaines to the enemy's fleet. I could hardly believe that Colonel Anderson would do so without my sanction. I immediately signaled him, "What is flag of truce boat for? Answer at once; " and when I received no reply or acknowledgment, after firing a gun to get his attention, this, "Hold on to your fort. " After a short time, receiving no response, another signal gun was fired and the dispatch repeated. At sundown a flag of truce was reported from the enemy's fleet to Gaines, and there remained some time. Immediately after I took a small boat and crossed over, and can convey no conception of my utter astonishment at finding that the flag of truce of the morning was to ask for terms of surrender from the enemy; that Colonel Anderson had ordered his signal corps [not] to reply to nor acknowledge any of my dispatches (such being, as he strangely conceived, a breach of honor of the flag of the morning, as I learned from his adjutant); that he was absent in the enemy's fleet making terms of surrender, and what is still more unaccountable, that he had so far proceeded, hough mng the purpose of his flag and ordering him to hold on to his fort had been received and reported to him by his signal corps, when I had given orders to Major Johnston, the next in command, that on the return of Colonel Anderson, if the disgraceful proceeding had not been completed and the capitulation made in binding form, all terms were annulled, all communication with the enemy were to cease, and he would relieve Colonel Anderson of command and order him to Fort Morgan. After I had given these instructions, on the approach of the return of the enemy's flag, fearing from what I had learned that Colonel Anderson would probably bring with him some of the enemy to receive the surrender, I returned to Fort Morgan, hoping that he should soon follow me and Major Johnston be left in command. This morning our flag flying at Gaines, and Colonel Anderson not having reported during the night, I dispatched him, after a signal gun, "Stop communicating with the enemy; all terms or stipulations made by your are annulled; " and when he made no reply, after another signal gun, to Major Johnston, "Colonel Anderson is relieved from command. You assume it, and stop communicating with the enemy. All terms annulled. " Both these dispatches the officer who had the transmission of them feels confident were received. The signal men were at their usual station on the lookout. At 9. 30 o'clock the enemy's flag was hoisted over Gaines, the evidence and the emblem of the consummation of the deed of dishonor and disgrace to its commander and garrison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. Page,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile.

