
SEPTEMBER 17.

Since writing the above I have seen the report of Admiral Farragut, a portion of which is incorrect. Captain Johnston did not deliver my sword on board the Hartford. After the surrender of the Tennessee, Captain Giraud, the officer who was sent on board to take charge of her, said to me that he was directed by Admiral Farragut to ask for my sword, which was brought from the cabin and delivered to him by one of my aides.

F. BUCHANAN,

Admiral, Commanding.

[The SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.]

[Inclosure.]

Killed and wounded of Confederate fleet in action of August 5, 1864, Mobile Bay.

Tennessee, flag-ship: Killed-John Silk, first-class fireman; William Moors, seaman-2. Wounded-Admiral F. Buchanan, fracture right leg; A. T. post, pilot, slightly in head; J. C. O'Connell, second assistant engineer, slightly in leg and shoulder; William Rogers, THIRD assistant engineer, slightly in head and shoulder; James Kelly, boatswain's mate, slightly in knee; Andrew Rasmison, quartermaster, slightly in head; William Daly, seaman, in head; Robert Barry, marine, gunshot wound of ear and head; James McKunn, marine, contusion of shoulder-9.

Selma, P. U. Murphy, lieutenant commanding: Killed-J. H. Comstock, lieutenant and executive officer; J. R. Murray, acting master's mate; William Hall, gunner's mate; James Rooney, seaman; James Montgomery, seaman; Bernard Riley, ordinary seaman; J. R. Frisly, landsman; Christopher Shepherd, landsman-8. Wounded-P. U. Murphy, lieutenant commanding, slightly in wrist; John Villa, seaman, badly, leg and arm; Henry Fratee, landsman, badly in hand; Daniel Linnehan, seaman, slightly in arm; John Shick, seaman, slightly in face; John Davis, fireman slightly; John Gilliland, seaman, slightly-7.

Total, killed, 10; wounded, 16.

D. B. CONRAD,

Fleet Surgeon, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 18. Report of Commander James D. Johnston, C. S. Navy, commanding ram Tennessee.

U. S. HOSPITAL,

Navy-Yard, Pensacola, August 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the circumstances under which the C. S. ram Tennessee, recently under my command as you flag-ship, was surrendered to the U. S. fleet, commanded by Rear-Admiral Farragut, in Mobile Bay:

At 6 a. m. on the 5th instant the enemy's fleet, consisting of four iron-clad monitors and fourteen wooden vessels, were discovered to be

