
which I was to attack their cavalry on the Owingsville road, in the suburbs of the town. For this purpose the Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, commanded by Major Smith, was temporarily added to my brigade. At 4 a. m. on June 9 the engagement was opened by a charge of my brigade, the Forty-fifth Kentucky Mounted Infantry being in advance, supported by Eleventh Michigan Cavalry. The enemy were completely surprised, all their pickets killed before they could regain their camp, and the infantry of the enemy completely routed, with great slaughter. A howitzer attached to one of the brigades in my rear was unfortunately advanced too rapidly and cut my brigade in two on the narrow road, depriving me also of the support of Colonel Ratliff's brigade. This contretemps caused a few minutes' delay, and gave the cavalry of the rebels an opportunity to save a part of their force by flight. The attack was, however, so vigorously pushed, under the direction of the general commanding, that our success was complete. In this engagement I had cause to notice particularly the very gallant conduct of Captain Frank Mott and Lieutenant D. W. German, both of Company C, Forty-fifth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, which company was the advance of my brigade. I have so frequently had occasion to praise the courage and ability of Captain Mott in former reports that it is unnecessary that I should say more than he fully answered all the expectation that my knowledge of him had raised. Lieutenant Burgher, Company C, Eleventh Michigan Cavalry; Lieutenant Mason, Company A, Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, and Captain Hicks, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, also deserve special notice and commendation. The enemy after their rout were collected in some force, and re-enforced from the vicinity of Winchester, when an attempt was made to dislodge my command from the position it occupied. A sharp skirmishing fight ensued, lasting for several hours, the enemy suffering severely, and the attack being completely repulsed.

On the morning of 10th of June the march was ordered by the general toward Lexington, my brigade bringing up the rear with the prisoners. From Lexington I was directed to occupy the Maysville and Mount Sterling roads, leading out of Paris; but by subsequent orders the entire DIVISION was concentrated in Paris, whence I was ordered, on the 11th of June, to demonstrate toward Millersburg and Carlisle, with a view to detaining the enemy at Cynthiana. At night-fall I reported back to Paris, and from that point, my men and horses being utterly exhausted, my command moved as reserve in the rear of the DIVISION to Cynthiana. The battle of Cynthiana was fought and won before my brigade could close up on the main body. In the afternoon of 12th I was instructed by the general commanding to march my command, with the prisoners, to Lexington, which place was reached on 13th, and at which point my headquarters have since been located.

I inclose a copy of the report of killed, wounded, and missing in the Forty-fifth Kentucky and Eleventh Michigan Regiments. *

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. MASON BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed, 1 officer and 7 men wounded, and 1 man missing of the Forty-fifth Kentucky, and 5 men killed, 1 officer and 19 men wounded, and 13 men missing of the Eleventh Michigan.

---------------

