
capture of the Tennessee, but mingled with its deep regret is the conviction, shared by their countrymen generally, that though victory was upon the side of overwhelming force the honor of the navy was untarnished by defeat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

AUGUST 3-6, 1864. -Scout from Cumberland Gap, Tenn., into Lee County, Va., and to Tazewell, Tenn., and skirmish (4th) near Jonesville, Va.

Report of Colonel William Y. Dillard, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Cumberland Gap, August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the scout which left this place on the 3rd instant, myself in command:

On the morning of the 4th instant, at 9 o'clock, I entered Jonesville; two companies of rebels (I suppose Morgan's men) had left a half hour before I arrived and had gone toward Abingdon. pursuing them a few shots were fired on both sides and I succeeded in capturing 5 prisoners and 7 horses. The preacher White was among the prisoners. Leaving Jonesville in the afternoon, I went to Mulberry Gap, and on the 5th to Tazewell and remained there that night, and returned here on the 6th at 10 a. m. General Morgan is without doubt concentrating his forces; in fact, I read the order myself calling his forces in; he has, it is said, 1,500 men. The citizens of Lee County are expecting him. On my way to Jonesville I found but two Union citizens. I think Lee County will produce 200,000 bushels of corn this year. I noticed on my way that hay, corn, and oats had been stored near the road. The crops were in fine condition, and I feel confident that Morgan intends to occupy the county.

Hoping that the above will meet with your approval, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. Y DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

AUGUST 3-6, 1864. -Operations about Woodville, Mil. .

Report of Colonel, Daniel Gober, SIXTEENTH Louisiana Infantry, commanding mounted infantry.

LIBERTY, MISS., October 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations around Woodville:

Having received intelligence by courier that the enemy had landed on the morning of the 3rd at Bayou Sara and were moving in the direction of Woodville, in order to cover Woodville I moved and took

