
charged with command. Our advance was met by a heavy fire, both from the line in the field and from men in the houses, but my men pressing forward with determination and getting to close quarters, the rebels broke and scattered in all directions. They were vigorously followed up and driven over four miles, when I ordered the pursuit to end. The result of the skirmish was the killing of 4 men, one Captain Newman, and one reported to be Captain Williams, of Taylor's staff, and the capture of 8 prisoners-2 off whom were wounded, 1 mortally. On our side Captain Wardlaw, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, received a severe wound in the leg while gallantly charging at the head of his men, and 2 privates were wounded slightly.

The entire command arrived safely at Vidalia on the morning of the 6th at 7 o'clock, having accomplished in thirty-five hours a march of forty-one miles. The entire command endured the severe march with fortitude, and their officers cheerfully co-operating with me in securing the success of the expedition.

I desire particularly to call the attention of the general commanding to the energy and resolution displayed by a detachment of the Seventieth U. S. [Colored] Infantry, commanded by Sergt. H. L. Williams, in charge of a 12-pounder howitzer, which hey succeeded in bringing through the woods and swamps over roads almost impassable for cavalry and infantry, frequently unlimbering and dragging the gun by hand over places where the horses could not be worked. Under charge of a less resolute man the piece would have been abandoned in the swamp.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding Fort McPherson.

Captain J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 7, 1864. -Confederate raid in Union County, Tenn.

Report of Captain James W. Branson, First Tennessee (Union) Infantry, Deputy Provost-Marshal.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Maynardville, Tenn., August 8, 1864.

GENERAL: It is my painful duty to report to you one of the most shameful and disastrous rebel raids yet made in this section of the country. This raid was headed, as I understand, by the notorious Bill Gibbs, at the head of about eighty of the most villainous gang of cutthroats, robbers, and assassins with which our country is cursed. They came within three miles of this place about daylight yesterday morning. They came down from the neighborhood of Thorn Hill, Grainger County, about which place some of them may be found at any time. Their headquarters are said to be Rogersville, but they are seldom so far off. Their whole aim I this raid seemed to be to do all the devilment possible, murder and plunder their chief characteristic. Up to this time I am advised of their brutal murder of three men, and they threaten to kill all prisoners, and I greatly fear they will do so. The three men thus murdered are Scott McPhetridge, Samuel Bunch, and James Ford (citizens). They also have taken off as prisoners the following loyal citizens: Rev. William Hickle, William Hickle, Jr., John Richard, A.

