
AUGUST 12-14, 1864. -Operations in Madison County, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General Robert S. Granger, U. S. Army, commanding District of Northern Alabama.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Huntsville, August 18, 1864.

MAJOR: On the 12th of this month a detachment of Tennessee cavalry left here and marched to within seven miles of Fayetteville, turned east, scouted the country on headwaters of Flint River and near New market, and returned here on the 14th after having marched all one night. The commanding officer of the party reports the guerrillas as having left that section of country and taken with them all their stolen plunder and their families. Citizens represent that they have left with a view of crossing the Tennessee River. I have had all the mounted men of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry scouting between Flint River and Paint Rock. They have killed and wounded a number. They are still in considerable force in that neighborhood. Before the receipt of your communication from General Milroy I had ordered three companies of Tennessee cavalry to co-operate with Colonel Anderson to clean out the country. They would have been off three days since, but required rest after their trip north. They leave immediately. Colonel Spalding has been ordered to send a force in the direction indicated in your communication.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

Major B. H. POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 13, 1864. -Operations about Shawneetown, Ill.

Report of Major General Samuel P. Heitzelman, commanding Northern Department.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 16, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

On Saturday Colonel Johnson, with some 1,500 men, captured three steamers, part loaded with Government cattle, and crossed the Ohio near Shawneetown into Illinois. I have not learned as yet what course he is taking. General Carrington is assembling and sending in pursuit all available troops, and General Burbridge has also been telegraphed to co-operate. I also telegraphed the naval commander for the aid of the gun-boats. I have a handbill calling for a grand mass-meeting at Springfield, Ill., on August 18, to come fully prepared with provisions and equipments for encampment during the trip. I have authorized Colonel Oakes to arm such men as he has, and hold them in readiness for the emergency. General Paine left here this morning for Springfield. I have frequent applications for troops to guard bridges on railroads and other important points, and to aid the enrollment officers, but have none to give. *

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See also August 16-22, 1864. -Expedition from Mount Vernon, Ind., into Kentucky, p. 465.

---------------

