
AUGUST 14-15, 1864. -Scout from Mayfield, Ky., and skirmish.

Report of Colonel Waters W. McChesney, One hundred and thirty- fourth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Mayfield, Ky., August 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, sent out in obedience to the orders of General Paine, has returned, and report that they found two rebel pickets at the bridge, one mile this side of Feliciana, but no force in the town. Receiving information that a party of rebels were on or near the Mayfield and Dukedom road the detachment marched immediately, taking Mr. McFaddin with them. Two miles and a half from town the advance guard came upon six or eight rebels at Bethel Church, but owing to confusion among the women, which was taken advantage of by the rebels by using their persons to shield themselves from the guns of the guard, who could not fire without shooting the women, the rebels made bush and got away. We captured 5 horses. They then pushed rapidly after Garland, on the Dukedom and Mayfield road, and came up with him and dispersed his band of sixty men, wounding 2 men and killing 1 horses. At the time discovered the scoundrels were robbing a Union man by the name of Caraway, living at viola, who was on his way to Weakley County, Tenn. They had taken $250 from him and were playing cards. The loser of the game was to kill the old man. They threw out scouts and tried to entrap the rebels, but could not come up with them, and having had a ride of forty miles without rest and horses jaded, they returned to Mayfield.

As Captain Carnahan has not turned over the property taken I am unable to report to you this morning the mount received.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MCCHESNEY,

Colonel 134th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Post.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 15, 1864. -Scout from Triana to Valhermoso Springs, Ala.

Report of Major Alfred B. Wade, Seventy-THIRD Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-THIRD INDIANA INFANTRY,Triana, Ala., August 16, 1864.

Captain H. H. ROWE,

Actg. Assistant Inspector-General, Dist. of Northern Alabama:

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of journal of march from Triana, Ala., to Valhermoso Springs, Ala., and return.

The expedition resulted in the capture of 25 head of horses and mules, 4 oxen, 2 prisoners, and several guns; also the destruction of two saltpeter-works. there are other works in the neighborhood, but I did not discover them. The saltpeter manufactured here is shipped to powder-mills at Blue Mountain, according to information from citizens. from the same source I learn that Captains Spain, white, and Jink Jordan are raising conscript companies in Morgan County.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. WADE,

Major, Commanding.

