
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-THIRD INDIANA INFANTRY,Triana, Ala., August 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left camp yesterday at 3 a. m. with a detachment of 100 men (the whole available force at this post excepting pickets). By means of one flat and one pontoon boat I crossed the Tennessee River with the whole force by 5 a. m. Marched due south one mile, where a corral of thirty horses was discovered. Part of these had been stolen and run south through our lines; some belonged to persons now within our lines, who came over secretly. The balance belonged to sliders and Major Ragland, upon whose plantation they were found. At this point a squad of my men surprised four soldiers, capturing 2 of them. Leaving a detachment in charge of thee horses, I marched south-southeast two miles and a half, to the plantation of James Grantlin, and destroyed a saltpeter-work belonging to the Confederate Government. Scouts were seen on several roads, but none captured. I then marched the command as rapidly as possible to Valhermoso Springs, six miles from the river. Here the advance guard was fired into by a squad of eight or ten rebel cavalry. They were easily drive off, when I effectually destroyed another saltpeter-work located at this point, breaking the kettles and burning the building. Returning by the same route, I reached camp at 1. 30 p. m., having recrossed the river with 25 head of horses and mules, 4 beef-cattle, 3 prisoners, several guns, and without the loss of a man. A squad of fourteen men, under command of a sergeant, crossed at Gillsport at the same time, but without important results. A squad of fourteen men, under command of a sergeant, crossed at Limestone Point, but discovered nothing. A small squad crossed at Draper's Ferry, and captured 1 canoe and 1 mule. Journals of the different parties will be forwarded as soon as completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. WADE,

Major Seventy-THIRD Indiana, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 15, 1864. -Raid on Nashville and Northwestern Railroad, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James L. Donaldson, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Nashville, Tenn., August 16 1864.

GENERAL: As I anticipated, a raid was made on the Northwestern railroad last night and 600 cords of wood destroyed, as ell as some of the employees carried off, and perhaps murdered. We have a large number of horses and cattle now at Johnsonville, and it is exceedingly important that they should be brought here. How is this to be effected? Unless the Northwestern railroad is properly guarded we

