
shall have terrible disaster and stoppage of supplies. A regiment of troops must at once be placed at important point son the road, and men sent to Johnsonville to drive cattle here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Tennessee.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, August 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

I am well aware of the importance of sufficiently guarding the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad, but am at a loss from what part of my district troops for that purpose should be taken, since almost every one is asking for more troops. The only forces now on the road are the Twelfth and Thirteenth and detachments of the Fortieth and One hundredth U. S. Colored Troops, detachments of dismounted cavalry, and one battery at Johnsonville. Every man that can be spared in the vicinity of the post of Nashville is now escorting stock, and all the posts on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad are depleted by details for that purpose.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

[Second-indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, August 20, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The general commanding the department is equally "at a loss" with the general commanding the district from what part of his department troops can be taken for the purpose indicated in this letter. If all applications to send troops to the rear were attended to there would be nobody left to fight at the front. But he is decidedly of opinion that three regimens and a battery ought to hold the road.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 16-22, 1864. -Expedition from Mount Vernon, Ind., into Kentucky, including skirmishes at White Oak Springs (17th), Geiger's Lake (18th), and Smith's Mills (19th).

Report of Bvt. Major General Alvin P. Hovey, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIANA,Indianapolis, Ind., September 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of my expedition in Kentucky from the 16th to the 22nd day of August, A. D. 1864:

Being at Mount Vernon, Ind., awaiting commands under a verbal order from the Secretary of War, and having received reliable information

30 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

