
that Colonels Johnson and Sypert, of the Confederate Army, were collecting a large force in Union and Henderson Counties, Ky., numbering from 1,000 to 2,000, for the purpose of crossing the Ohio River and destroying the towns on the Indiana border, I wrote to Major-General Hughes, of the Indiana Legion, then at Evansville, Ind., directing the defense of the border, stating that if sufficient force could be raised I would cross the river and attack the camps reported at and near Morganfield, Ky., hoping to surprise and capture a large number of the force then engaged in conscription and plunder. By the aid of Major-General Hughes, and by my own exertions, I had on the morning of the 17th day of August, A. D. 1864, at Mount Vernon, Ind., the Forty-sixth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Colonel Bringhurst commanding, 200 men; the non-veterans of the Thirty-second Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, Colonel Erdelmeyer commanding, 200 men; several parts of companies of infantry and three companies of cavalry of the Indiana Legion, from the counties of Vanderburg, Warrick, and Posey, making a force of 750 infantry and cavalry; to this was added five pieces of artillery belonging to the Indiana Legion. The artillery not having horses it became necessary to press them for the guns, which was done by myself in Posey County, and by General Hughes in Vanderburg County, Ind. I also detained five steamers-the Dunleath, Cottage, General Halleck, Jennie Hopkins, and Jeannette Rogers-for the purpose of transporting the infantry and to ferry the cavalry and artillery across th river. On the morning of the 17th I started from Mount Vernon, Ind., with the infantry and artillery on transports, sending the cavalry along the Indiana shore until they arrived opposite Uniontown, Ky., there to cross on the transports sent for that purpose. We arrived at Uniontown, Ky., at 2 p. m. Up to this time the movement, its object, and destination were a complete secret. I immediately moved out upon the Morganfield road, skirmishing slightly with the enemy's pickets; struck a camp at White Oak Springs, two miles south of Morganfield, Ky., about 5 p. m., capturing a few prisoners and scattering Johnson's force in all directions. On the 18th I marched rapidly and at an early hour to Geiger's Lake, nine miles WEST of Morganfield, where a large camp was reported, sending cavalry in the direction of Shawneetown, who wee to form a junction and act with the infantry. On arrival found the camp had been deserted the night before, on hearing of our advance. The cavalry skirmished slightly, taking a few prisoners, but meeting no considerable force of the enemy. At 6 p. m. General Hughes reached Morganfield with the information that General Paine had landed at Uniontown with 2,000 and General Prentiss at Shawneetown with 2,000 U. s. troops, upon which information I started on the 19th for Henderson, Ky., by way of Smith's Mills, at which point the advance met a small body of the enemy, whom they charged, taking a few prisoners, including 1 commissioned officer, Captain Bates, assistant adjutant-general to Colonel Sypert, who was severely wounded. Here I lost 1 man severely wounded. The Indiana Legion being unprepared for a campaign, I subsisted partially upon the country. The total number of prisoners taken was 3 commissioned officers and 30 enlisted men. We also captured several horses and mules.

I desire to return my sincere thanks to Major General James Hughes, of the Indiana Legion, for his assistance both in collecting the force and conducting the expedition; also to Colonel John A. Mann, of the Indiana Legion; Colonel Bringhurst, of the Forty-sixth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers; Colonel Erdelmeyer and Lieutenant-Colonel Mank,

