
of the Thirty-second Indiana Infantry Volunteers, and the officers and men under their command, for their cheerful co-operation and prompt execution of orders.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

AUGUST 20, 1864. -Skirmish at Pine Bluff, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elijah C. Brott, Eighty-THIRD Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Donelson, Tenn., August 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of a skirmish between a portion of rebel General Woodward's command, numbering 110 men, and Captain William W. Turnbull, Company B, Eighty-THIRD Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and eleven men of his company:

On the morning of the 17th instant Captain Turnbull received orders from these headquarters to proceed with his company as guard to telegraph repairers on line leading to Smithland, Ky. On the morning of the 20th, near the Great Western Furnace, a distance of about fifteen miles from the fort, a citizen reported to the captain six guerrillas. The captain learning by going across the rebels would be obliged to travel three miles while the captain would reach the same place int raveling one mile, hoping thereby to capture the six guerrillas, the captain, with eleven men, started in pursuit; but on reaching said place the guerrillas had preceded him a very few minutes. The captain and men followed nearly to the Tennessee River, a distance of six or eight miles form his camp. Came from them 1 horse and 1 gun. The captain then concluded to return to camp, and when but a short distance on his return he was met by 110 men of Woodward's command, who fired into the captain and party at a distance of about twenty yards, the captain returning the fire. The rebels then charged on and overpowered them, killing the captain and 7 men, horribly mutilating their bodies, their heads and faces terribly beaten, and from two to four bullets in each. One man being wounded and left on the field was carried by ladies to the house of a citizen. While lying on a couch a second party came up. One of the fields seeing the wounded soldier fired his pistol at him three times and killed him. Two men escaped and reached the fort in safety, and 2 more taken prisoners. A detachment consisting of Company B, mounted infantry, and Battery C, Second Illinois Light Artillery, Captain James P. Flood commanding, found the bodies on the ground where the fight had occurred, gathered for burial by the citizens. The body of Captain Turnbull was found some distance from the scene of strife, he, it seems, having fallen back and defended himself until overpowered and killed. ubmitted.

I am, your obedient servant,

E. C. BROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Colonel A. A. SMITH,

Commanding Clarksville and Donelson.

