
the left to flank the position. The SIXTEENTH Kentucky Cavalry had become closely engaged, when the cavalry movement was seen and appreciated, and the enemy left their strong position and fled in confusion. It was in this attack on the stone wall that the SIXTEENTH Kentucky Cavalry met with its losses. The enemy made no other stand, and from that time the rout was complete. The fight of the enemy was over the whole face of the country in front of us. A portion of them moved through the bottom-lands to the left of the range of bluffs. This portion was pursued by the tree companies sent to make the flank movement. During the chase I Lieutenant McKnight, Company K, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, a brave and experienced officer, was mortally wounded. The remainder of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry pursued in a direct line over the high ground. The Ninth Michigan Cavalry, on reaching a point to the right of our line of battle, moved forward and found the enemy's line of battle broken, and formed in an irregular column, moving toward the river. This information was sent to the officer commanding the dismounted troops, and the cavalry was pushed forward rapidly in pursuit. The rebels surrendered at once, as they were overtaken by the cavalry. The mass of them were come up with at the river, just below the town. The river was crowded with men and horses struggling together in the deep water. Many were drowned, and opportunity was had for firing several hundred shots into them, while on both banks, as well as while in the water. The Ninth Michigan sent in 83 prisoners. The pursuit of the Seventh Ohio Cavalry caught the enemy among their horses on the railroad track, between the bluff and the river, a narrow place to operate in, and a difficult one to escape from. The crowded and disordered mass were making their way along the railroad, toward the town and bridge, when their escape was cut off by the charge of Company E, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Rankin, followed by other companies down the bluff and lane. They were shut in above by the three companies on the extreme left; many were captured here, some escaping across the river. The Seventh lost no time in pushing across the brigade and through the town. That portion which crossed the bridge was led by Captain Allen, brigade adjutant, Lieutenant Mitchell, regimental adjutant, and Lieutenant Burton. They captured many who had crossed the river, and pushed on down the river until they came across the heavy body driven across thnth Michigan Cavalry. This body they were not able to stop, and after forming line to rebel the attack of the small force of the Seventh then in pursuit, it continued its flight down the river and out across the country to the Colemansville road. Another portion of the Seventh went through the town, and made numerous captures in the town and along the bank of the river. Taking about 100 of the Seventh Ohio, and being joined by about 100 of the Twelfth Ohio, which had mounted and moved down into the town, I moved out some five or six miles on the Colemansville road in pursuit of the main body of the fugitives. They were well mounted had led horses with them, and it soon became evident that when pressed they could out travel us, and the pursuit was stopped. On getting my brigade together, which I did on the WEST bank of the river near the brigade, I received orders to move out on the Augusta road in pursuit of the detachment that was guarding the Union prisoners captured the day before. My orders were to rescue the prisoners. On the way to Claysville I meet squads of them returning, who informed me that the prisoners had

been released. I continued my march, but sent for further

