
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Thurston, Assistant Inspector-General, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

OFFICE ASST. INSP. General, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Memphis, Tenn., August 24, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the morning of the 21st of August, about 5 a. m., Memphis was entered by about 400 of Major-General Forrest's command. They moved on Memphis by the Hernando road, and drove in the pickets on that road, One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois (100-days') Volunteers, and easily broke their lines and entered the city, dividing into two squads of about 200 each, one under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Logwood, the other under Jesse Forrest, or Bill Forrest (reports conflict); one squad surrounded the Gayoso House, the other occupied Union street, on which Major-General Washburn has his headquarters and resides. Major-General Washburn having been notified by Colonel Starr, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, of their approach, left his residence as early as possible, and made his way to Fort Pickering, without having given any command as to what should be done by our troops. He could much more easily have retired to headquarters of provost guard than have gone to the fort, as the fort is full one-half mile from his house, and but three squares to the provost-marshal's office. On the 23rd the whole town was stampeded at about 10 a. m. by a report being circulated that Forrest had returned in the force and was again in town. It was the most disgraceful affair I have ever seen, and proves that there is demoralization and want of confidence by the people in our army, and our army in some of its officers. No blame can be attacked to Brigadier-General Buckland that I can hear of. on the 23d, so far as I can learn, no Confederate troops were nearer than Forrest's rear, which was probably not less than twenty-five to thirty miles distant, and the alarm was probably caused by some of the troops firing off their guns, which had been loaded since Sunday. This I learn is under investigation by Major- General Washburn. Colonel Starr was wounded, and a few officers in the city were captured; also a portion of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois (100-days') Volunteers and a few men of other commands, but as I have no access to the official reports of commanders will not give numbers, but respectfully refer you tot he official reports of Major-General Washburn.

No stores or Government property was molested, and, in fact, Forrest did not accomplish anything of any considerable account.

W. H. THURSTON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel W. E. STRONG,

Asst. Insp. General, Department and Army of Tennessee.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Ralph P. Buckland, U. S. Army, commanding District of Memphis.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., August 24, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the affair of Sunday, the 21st instant:

Before it was fairly light I was awakened by the sentinel at my residence by loud raps at the front door, with the exclamation, "General,

