
they are after you. " I jumped out of bed and asked from the window, "Who are after me?" and was answered, "The rebels. " At the same time I hard musket shots in different directions. I dressed myself as speedily as possible, and ran to the barracks on the corner of THIRD and Jefferson streets, where I found the soldiers had been alarmed and were collecting in the street. I directed them to form in line as soon as possible, and then ran to the headquarters of the Second Regiment Enrolled Militia to order the alarm gun fired. At the corner of THIRD and Court streets I met Captain Tuther and Lieutenant Williamson, of my staff, who informed me that the enemy had made a demonstration at my headquarters at my headquarters, but upon being fired at by the sentinel at the door, killing 1 horse, retired to Main street. Whilst I was giving directions for the firing of the alarm gun, General Dustan, of the militia, came up with my headquarters guard, and assisted in firing the gun. About the same time Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, commanding eighth Iowa, came out from the regimental headquarters across the street, his companies being stationed in barracks in different parts of the city. The alarm gun was speedily fired, and the offices and soldiers in the neighborhood soon rallied, to the number, I should think, of 150. Just at this time Colonel Starr, of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, informed me that General Washburn's headquarters were in possession of the enemy, and that the general was undoubtedly captured. Scattering shots of musketry were constantly heard in different directions. My staff and orderlies soon rallied around me, our horses were brought, and I immediately ordered General Dustan, of the militia, to take charge of a detachment of the Irving Block guard, from One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, and proceed to main street, east of General Washburn's quarters, and at same time directed Lieutenant- Colonel Bell to take what men he had got together and proceed directly down THIRD street and attack the enemy at General Washburn's headquarters, which was speedily done, myself and staff following Colonel Bell. But the enemy, as soon as they discovered this movement, retreated toward the Hernando road in great haste, pursued by General Dustan and Colonel Bell. It was supposed that General Washburn had been captured and carried off. Having no information as to the whereabouts, strength, or designs of the enemy, I returned to my headquarters and took immediate measures to rally and organize all the troops within reach. I sent Captain Tuther to watch and report operations of the enemy in the direction of the Hernando road, and other officers in other directions. Surgeon Rice was sent to see whether Colonel Kappner, commanding Fort Pickering, had notice of the presence of the enemy. About this time a prisoner was brought to me, from whom I learned that Forrest in person was on the Hernando road with a large force. I had given orders for the concentration of the troops stationed north and east of the city. Surgeon Rice soon returned with the gratifying intelligence that General Washburn had made his escape and was safe in the fort. I immediately dispatched Lieutenant Williamson to inform the general that the enemy had retired from the city and to receive his orders. General Washburn soon made his appearance and assumed general direction of affairs. Soon after, by his direction, I proceeded to the front on the Hernando road, but before I reached the scene of action fighting had ceased, the enemy having retired, pursued by the cavalry. Various rumors were afloat as to the strength of the enemy, but it was ascertained beyond doubt that General Forrest was in command. Disposition were therefore made to meet an attack from any direction. Colonel Moore, of the Twenty- first

