
Missouri Infantry, volunteered his services, and I gave him command temporarily of all the forces on and near the Hernando road. Captain Tuther had rendered important service in rallying the One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois, which had been thrown into confusion and scattered by the enemy charging through their camp. Colonel Hoge, commanding First Brigade, though most of his troops were absent on detached service, had reached the Hernando road with Company G, Second Missouri Artillery, in position. This battery, and also the section of Seventh Wisconsin Battery, which the enemy ran over but did not capture, did excellent service. Colonel Buttrick, commanding Fourth Brigade, had also arrived at the Hernando road; also the Fortieth Wisconsin, Colonel Ray. The principal part of the fighting was done by the troops under Colonel Bell, of the Eighth Iowa, composed of a part of his own regiment and a detachment of the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois. Being satisfied that no further attack would be made in that direction, I returned to the city to look after other troops. I found the militia out in strong force in good spirits, and ready to assist in the defense of the city, under the command of their deservedly popular general, C. W. Dustan. The alacrity with which the militia of Memphis turned out on this occasion abundantly proves the prosperity and wisdom of the organization. Offices and men of the command, with very few exceptions, exhibited great coolness and bravery. The Eighth Iowa, which was on provost duty, scattered through the city, fought bravely wherever the enemy appeared. The track of the raiders was marked wherever they went with their dead horses and men. An attack was made on the Irving Block prison, but the guards bravely stood their ground, and soon drove the enemy away. Many officers temporarily in the city and others on detached service, promptly volunteered their services. The clerks on detached service, promptly volunteered their services. The clerks and orderlies about my headquarters, and many citizens not liable to militia duty, and unarmed soldiers repaired to the armories of the militia, procured arms, and joined the ranks. By 9 a. m. it was ascertained that Forrest was ine Hernando road. he failed entirely in the object of his expedition. He undoubtedly expected to capture General Washburn, General Hurlbut, who was temporarily in the city, and myself, and thereby create such confusion as to enable him to march into the city with his main force. His plan was well laid and the moment propitious. The morning was exceedingly foggy, and the state of the atmosphere such that the report of small-arms, and even artillery, was heard but a short distance. Although later in the morning, six pieces of artillery on the Hernando road fired about thirty rounds each, the report was not heard at General Washburn's or my headquarters. The parties sent into the city were led by officers and others well acquainted with the city. They rode through the picket-line and camps capturing and killing what they could as they went, but making no halt until they reached those points in the city. They passed through the Seventh Wisconsin Battery camp, killing 1 officer and several men and capturing some, but without disturbing the guns or ammunition, and these same guns were afterward turned upon them. The principal depredations were committed at General Washburn's headquarters and the Gayoso House, where they expected to find General Hurlbut, and at the Eclipse stable on main street, where they took quite a number of horses.

I have the honor to forward herewith the reports of subordinate commanders, showing the part taken by their respective commands, to which reference is respectfully made.

