
Appended is a consolidated statement of casualties, showing a total loss of officers-killed, 1; wounded, 6; missing, 4; total 11. Enlisted men-killed, 14; wounded, 59; missing (supposed to be prisoners), 112; total, 185. Total, 196.

My thanks are due to the officers of my staff; to General Dustan, commanding the militia; to Colonel Moore, Twenty-first Missouri, who volunteered his service, and to the officers and men of my command generally, for their prompt and efficient services.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. P. BUCKLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of WEST Tennessee.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel George B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., August 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command of the part taken by them in the action of yesterday, the 21st instant:

Immediately after the alarm was given I ordered my entire command to assemble at the camp of the One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry, which is situated at the junction of Poplar and Alabama streets, supposing that the enemy would return that way. As soon as Battery G, Second Missouri Artillery, came up I placed a section so as to command Poplar street, and also one on Alabama street to command it. I then picketed all the approachable roads, remaining there until I heard that the enemy were retiring on the Hernando road, when I at once moved my command in that direction. The force consisted at this time of detachments of the One hundred and eighth, One hundred and thirteenth, and One hundred and twentieth Regiments Illinois Infantry; Seventh and Eleventh Missouri Artillery, and Company G, Second Missouri Artillery, with four rifled guns, caliber 3. 67. On my arrival on the Hernando road, near the camp of the Seventh Wisconsin Battery, I assumed command of all the forces in that vicinity, which consisted of numerous detachments-one section of Seventh Wisconsin Battery, Thirty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, Forty-sixth Iowa Infantry, and One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry. The detachments from various regiments were placed as a support to the section of the Seventeenth Wisconsin Battery and Company G, Second Missouri Artillery, on the right of the Hernando road. The One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois were placed to support the section of Company G, Second Missouri Artillery, on the left of the Hernando road. The Thirty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry and Forty-sixth Iowa Infantry were about 400 yards on the right. Shortly after this the Fortieth Wisconsin Infantry came up. I then ordered the Forty-sixth Iowa Infantry were about 400 yards on the right. Shortly after this the Fortieth Wisconsin Infantry came up. I then ordered the Forty- sixth Iowa Infantry to take a position about 200 yards in advance of the artillery, on the right of the road, and to throw out skirmishers, and the Thirty-ninth Wisconsin on a line with the Forty sixth Iowa, on the left of the road, with instructions

