
Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Edwin L. Buttrick, Thirty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, DISTRICT OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., August 21, 1864.

GENERAL: This morning at about 4 o'clock our pickets were surprised by a force of rebel cavalry under General Forrest. They dashed through the lines, down the Hernando road, and through the camp of the Seventh Wisconsin Battery to the city. Receiving information that there were 2,000 men held in reserve, I directed the Thirty-ninth and Forty-first Wisconsin Infantry to form in line of battle on the right about half a mile from the camp of these headquarters, when Colonel Hoge, who was my ranking officer, assumed command, who was afterward relieved by Colonel Moore by your order, who ordered the Thirty-ninth and Forty-first Wisconsin Infantry, of my brigade, to form in line of battle on the Hernando road. The Forty-first Wisconsin afterward moved to Vance street, to support the Sixth Missouri Battery,* and remained in that position until 1 p. m., when we returned to camp and strengthened our pickets, agreeably to orders received from you.

The following are the casualties reported from my command: Thirty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, 3 enlisted men killed, 7 enlisted men missing; Forty-first Wisconsin Infantry, 2 enlisted men wounded; Seventh Wisconsin Battery, 3 enlisted men killed, 2 wounded mortally; 1 commissioned officer wounded severely; 2 commissioned officers prisoners of war. As enlisted men are continually escaping and returning, it is impossible at this time to make a return. Horses lost, 63; mules, 17. No commissioned officers left. Total, 6 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men wounded, and 2 commissioned officers and 7 enlisted men missing, prisoners of war.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. BUTTRICK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. P. BUCKLAND.

Numbers 7. Report of Sergt. Horatio M. Price, Seventh Wisconsin Battery.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH WISCONSIN BATTERY,Memphis, Tenn., August 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The casualties, August 21, of Battery Numbers 7 were: + Killed-enlisted men, 3. Wounded-officers, 1 (junior First Lieutenant William E. Hearsey, severely); enlisted men, 1; total, 2. prisoners-officers, 2 (senior First Lieutenant Arthur B. Wheelock and senior Second Lieutenant James H. Bridgeman); enlisted men, 7; total, 9. Died of wounds-enlisted men, 1. Total killed, wounded, and prisoners, 15. Artillery horses captured, 64. Mules captured, 17.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORATIO M. PRICE,

Sergeant, Commanding Seventh Wisconsin Battery.

Captain A. G. TUTHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Battery G, Second Missouri Artillery. .

+Nominal list omitted.

---------------

