
When the first alarm was given by the enemy firing on the streets, my command turned out promptly from their several barracks throughout the city and skirmished with the enemy wherever they could find him, killing and wounding several and taking 6 prisoners. Lieutenant D. Stearnes, with the headquarters guard, numbering twenty men, attacked a force of the enemy who were attempting to release the prisoners in Irving Block, and, in connection with the prison guard, drove them off. A few minutes afterward I arrived at my headquarters. Adjutant Campbell had already ordered Company C and the headquarters guard to report at regimental headquarters. In compliance with General Buckland's order, I pursued the enemy with the headquarters guard, commanded by Lieutenant Stearnes, and Company C, commanded by Lieutenant Boyer, leaving Major Stubbs and Adjutant Campbell to assemble the balance of the regiment. Crossing Beale street I was joined by Company F, commanded by Lieutenant Irwin, which increased my commanded to seventy men. With this force I pushed briskly forward after the enemy, who were retiring on the Hernando road. On arriving at the mouth of a lane, I sent forward a line of skirmishers, under Lieutenant Stearnes, and advanced in line of battle for some distance, when the skirmishers were driven in. Sergeant Ostrander and Privates A. M. Walling, Charles Smith, I. E. Newman, and Perry Clark watched their opportunity and fired a volley on the flank of the enemy, killing the rebel Captain Tundy, and wounding several others; then by making a circuit safely joined the command. At this time General Dustan came up and assigned to my command FIFTY of the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Chatfield. I then moved forward some distance, halted and formed line of battle. Believing that the enemy's force was not much superior to my own, I then advanced in line of battle through the orchard on the left side of tht distance beyond, when we met the enemy, and the firing commenced on both sides about the same time. A brisk, spirited, and severe engagement ensued. I soon found that the enemy's force greatly outnumbered mine, and as I had not seen any of our forces up tot his time, except one company of cavalry, I sent an officer to Major Stubbs with orders to bring up the balance of the regiment. I held this position for some time, but owing to the fog and the nature of the ground I was compelled to fall back some distance to prevent being flanked. I succeeded in gaining a position some 500 yards in the rear, where I could better watch the movements of the enemy, with a loss of several wounded, among them Lieutenant Irwin, mortally. After remaining here some time, and having sent twice for the remainder of the regiment without receiving any reply, I started back myself, leaving Captain Geddes in command. I had not gone far when I met Adjutant Campbell, who reported about 400 men from the provisional encampment to me, with orders from General Washburn to fall back. I formed these troops on the right of a line of battle, which had by this time been formed. I then ordered my former command back, and formed them on the right of the men from the provisional encampment. I then reported to General Buckland for orders, and was ordered to report to Colonel Moore, Twenty-first Missouri, who ordered me to remain where I then was. Soon after I received an order from General Buckland to report my command at his headquarters in the city.

During the engagement the troops under my command, one and all, behaved gallantly. Captain Geddes, who is on detached service, joined my command at the first, and throughout the engagement did good service. Captain Rombauer, First Illinois Artillery, tendered me his

