
orders. I received orders to continue the pursuit of Morgan, who had fled on this road, and that Colonel Hanson's brigade would be sent across the country by way of Carlisle. My men and horses were very much exhausted, and my horses had no feed for twenty-four hours. Finding grass at Claysville I halted there during the night, and moved on at daylight. At Sardis I halted to feed my men; I halted again at Flemingsburg, and while the horses were grazing the men were fed by the loyal citizens of that place. On behalf of my command I desire to thank the patriotic citizens of Sardis and Flemingsburg for their energetic efforts to feed us, and at the same time to cause us the least possible delay. This was done in both cases in less time than was required for feeding the horses. My commissary train which was following my command, under instructions from me, had been halted by order of the general commanding, and my men had no rations since leaving Lexington. The march was continued during the night. At daylight a good road was reached, and the Ninth Michigan Cavalry was ordered forward at a trot. On coming to the Big Sandy road soon after sunrise, the deserted camp of Morgan was found near Morehead, and information obtained that he had taken the road over Clark Mountain to WEST Liberty. The information was that this main force had been gone some two hours, but it also gave me reason to hope that I might overtake some portion of his command this side of Clack Mountain. The Ninth Michigan pushed forward at a rapid gait, but on reaching the top of the mountain I ascertained that the rear guard had been gone nearly an hour, and that the more important part of the command had been gone long enough to have reached the mountain at the head of Yocum. I had now got into a country that could neither feed my men nor my horses, both worn down by the marching and loss of sleep of the previous thirty hours. I found myself in a country that admitted of no flank movements, and of no other movement except that of following the same road traveled by Morgan. There was no prospect of accomplishing anything valuable by further pursuit. I therefore ordered the pursuit to cease. I returned by easy marches to this post.

I have the honor to submit herewith the report of the lction at Cynthiana. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Kentucky.

No. 10. Report of Insp. General Daniel W. Lindsey, Kentucky State Guard.

HEADQUARTERS Kentucky STATE GUARD, INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Frankfort, June 18, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the defense of the State capital against the recent attack on a detachment of General John M. Morgan's guerrilla forces:

The capture of the morning train from Louisville on the 8th instant was the first intimation had of the presence of the enemy in this section

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 2 men wounded and 1 man missing of the SIXTEENTH Kentucky, 3 men wounded of the Ninth Michigan, and 2 men killed, 1 officer and 6 men wounded, and 1 man missing of the Seventh Ohio.

---------------

