
Numbers 12. Report of Captain Shuler S. Vrooman, THIRD Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD Illinois VETERAN VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., August 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by a detachment of the THIRD Illinois Volunteer Cavalry in the engagement of August 21, 1864:

The regiment was taken by surprise in camp about 4 a. m., a portion of the men being disarmed, being under orders to go to Illinois to be mustered out of service. Those that were armed and those who could procure arms fought the enemy after they had possession of our camp for at least thirty minutes, then fell back to the State College, which point, with the assistance of detachments of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry and Sixth Illinois Cavalry, was held during the entire engagement.

The following is the list of casualties of the detachment: Killed, 1 non-commissioned officer, 2 privates; wounded, 1 non- commissioned officer, 2 privates; taken prisoners, Major James H. O'Connor, Lieutenant John Duncan, 2 non-commissioned officers, 24 privates. Total-killed, 3 enlisted men; wounded, 3 enlisted men; prisoners, 2 commissioned officers, 26 enlisted men.

I would state in explanation for not making the report sooner that I did not come in command until yesterday afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. VROOMAN,

Captain, THIRD Illinois Vet. Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant R. W. PIKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General Charles W. Dustan, commanding Tennessee Enrolled Militia.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier ENROLLED MILITIA, DIST. OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, Tenn., August 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from district headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this command during the rebel cavalry raid into this city on Sunday last:

I was awakened by Colonel Starr, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, at the instant of the entrance of the rebels, and at the earliest possible moment repaired to the armory of the Second Regiment Enrolled Militia, where, by direction of Brigadier-General Buckland, whom I found at that point, I caused the gun used as a signal of alarm for the militia to be fired. This firing alarmed the raiders and, I am informed, greatly hastened this withdrawal. Still under direction of the general commanding district, I moved in charge of some sixty men of the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Regiment (guard at the Irving Military Prison) and some eighteen or twenty men detached from the command, militia, &amp;c., in the direction of the picket-line on Hernando road, in pursuit of the enemy, who were beating a hasty retreat from the dangerous

