
locality to which they had penetrated. Finding Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, of the Eighth Iowa Infantry, at the lines and engaged with the enemy I turned over the men I had been conducting to him and returned at once to the armories of the militia. I found the men assembled in unexpectedly large numbers and in excellent spirits. The First Regiment Enrolled Militia was moved out on the Hernando road and held in reserve of the regular forces then fighting. The Second and THIRD Regiments were placed, by companies, guarding the bridges on Gayoso Bayou from Monroe street north to the MISSISSIPPI River. At noon the enemy had disappeared and my command was dismissed.

Here, captain, I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to the prompt manner in which this organization responded to the call for duty upon this as well as the two subsequent calls, their ranks being more numerous in each call. The earnestness of purpose and gallant bearing with which each officer and soldier hastened to his post is a guaranty that when the time comes the 2,000 stout hearts and strong arms of the members of the First Brigade of Enrolled Militia of the District of memphis will do their entire duty in the defense of the post.

It is proper before closing this report to state my obligations to the members of my staff for their promptness and activity in conveying orders and the performance of their others duties.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

C. W. DUSTAN,

Brigadier General, Commanding Enrolled Militia, Dist. of Memphis.

Captain ALFRED G. TUTHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Memphis.

Numbers 14. Report of John E. Randle, Chief of Fire Department.

MEMPHIS, August 24, 1864.

The following is a correct report of the depredations committed by the Confederate forces during their recent raid in Memphis, on Sunday morning last, in the fire department:

Patrick Roach, a member of steam fire company Numbers 2, was murdered while on duty at the engine house. He was a good and efficient member, and leaves and aged mother and sister, who were entirely dependent upon him for support.

John Thompson, a member of the same company, and while on duty at the engine house, was made prisoner and carried off by the rebels.

List of property taken off by the rebels: One horse mule, valued at $500; 1 captain's trumpet, $30; 2 firemen's belts, $20; 1 saddle, $25; 1 new black cloth coat, $35; 2 black felt hats, $24; 2 oil-cloth coats, $15; 1 pair leggings, $5. Grand total, $654.

Respectfully submitted by

JOHN E. RANDLE,

Chief of Fire Department.

J. P. FOSTER,

Chief of Police.

