
After turning the enemy's position Colonel John K. Miller led the pursuit, and drove the enemy from every position they attempted to hold, from where they were first engaged to Greenville. His gallant conduct merits your particular approbation. To Colonel James W. Scully, Lieutenants French, Miller, and Mount, acting aides-de- camp, I am indebted for much valuable assistance in transmitting orders. Lieutenant Lynn, Tenth Tennessee Infantry, my provost- marshal, was with me, but laying aside his staff duties, I believe it was conceded by all, he was foremost in the charge until we entered Greeneville, when he was at least 100 yards in the advance of any other man in the command, and where he shot a rebel soldier named McDowell in front of his farther's house. The enemy's loss in this fight was 57 killed. Our loss 28 wounded (2 since dead), none killed and none captured. On the morning of the 23rd I had detached Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton, with the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, to go to Rogersville to break up the enemy's force which I learned had assembled there. This afternoon he arrived at this place (Greeneville), having attacked the enemy at Rogersville, killed 13, captured 24, making the enemy's total loss in the two days 70 killed. I beg to call your attention to Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton's gallantry in the two attacks he has made on Rogersville.

The force which I met yesterday this side of Blue Springs was morgan's old brigade, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, and Tenth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, under Colonel Giltner, which was re-enforced during the fight by General Vaughn with Bradford's Thirty-second [Thirty-ninth] Tennessee Mounted Infantry, numbering probably 800 men. The Ninth and Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry are improving rapidly, and require but little more experience to make them excellent soldiers. Colonels Brownlow and Ingerton use every endeavor to instruct their men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVAN C. GILLEM.

Governor ANDREW JohnSON,

Nashville, Tenn.

ADDENDA.

Memorandum of march from Gallatin, Tenn., to Strawberry Plains, August 4-18, 1864.

My command marched from Gallatin, Tenn., August 4, 1864, and encamped that night at Cole's Ferry, on the south side of Cumberland River.

August 5. -Passed through Lebanon and encamped four miles beyond on the Gordonsville or Trousdale's Ferry road.

August 6. -Crossed Caney Fork at trousdale's Ferry and encamped on the east bank of the rive. r

August 7. -Encamped at Allison's, on the Sparta road.

August 8. -Encamped at Mattock's, eight miles north of Sparta.

August 9. -Passed through Sparta and encamped at the foot of the Cumberland Mountain on the Crossville road.

August 10. -Remained in camp shoeing horses and collecting forage for the march across the mountain.

August 11. -Encamped on caney Fork, eighteenth miles east of Sparta.

August 12. -Passing through Crossville, encamped on Daddy's Creek.

August 13. -Encamped at foot of the mountain at Kimbrough's, Belleville.

