
August 14. -Crossing Clinch River four miles above Kingston, passed through that town and encamped four miles out on Knoxville road.

August 15. -Encamped at Campbell's Station, sixteen miles WEST of Knoxville.

August 16. -Passed through Knoxville and encamped three miles out on road to Strawberry Plains.

August 17. -Marched to Strawberry Plains.

August 18. -Remained in camp at the Plains.

Distance from Gallatin to Strawberry Plains, as marched, 218 miles.

[Indorsement.]

This memorandum is intended merely to indicate the line of march from Gallatin to Strawberry Plains. My report dated August 24, at Greeneville, gives line of march after that time.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUST 22, 1864. -Skirmishes at Canton and Roaring Spring, Ky.

Reports of Brigadier General Edward H. Hobson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, First DIVISION, District of Kentucky.

SMITHLAND, August 23, 1864.

I have received the following dispatch, with the request that I send you a copy:
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,In Field, Canton, Ky., August 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

Rebels were pursued to this point. Colonel Johnson, FIFTY-second Kentucky, attacked their rear this morning at daylight; killed 15; captured 50 prisoners, 100 horses and mules. About 300 succeeded in crossing the river. Colonels True and Burge are pursuing some down north bank of Cumberland River. My forces are picking them up as they pursue. Colonel A. R. Johnson lost both eyes; he may recover from his wounds. Colonel Starling's regiment, scouting country in vicinity of Princeton, are capturing some prisoners.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Very respectfully,

JOHN H. PECK,

Major, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General PAINE.

HOPKINSVILLE, KY., August 23, 1864.

I drove Adam Johnson's force from Webster County, on Cumberland River. Colonel Sam. Johnson fought them at that place; killed 15, captured 50 and quite a number of horses and mules. Colonels True and Johnson were in pursuit of rebels under Sypert; fought him at Roaring Spring. Tue is now on their track; last report says they were having a running fight. The expedition has been successful in driving the rebels from the State, besides capturing and killing quite a number of men, mules, horses, and arms.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Louisville, Ky.

