
AUGUST 29-SEPTEMBER 4, 1864. -Operations in East Tennessee, including skirmishes (September 4) at Park's Gap and at Greenville, and death of Brigadier General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Alvan C. Gillem, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General John Echols, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Alvan C. Gillem, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bull's Gap, Tenn., September 8, 1864.

His Excellency ANDREW JohnSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith report of the action of the forces under my command from the 29th ultimo to the 4th instant, inclusive.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Adjutant-General Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bull's Gap, Tenn., September 5, 1864.

I have the honor to state herewith the operations of the forces under my command from the 29th ultimo to the 4th instant, inclusive.

After the fight at Blue Springs the enemy's forces retreated beyond the Watauga River at Carter's Station. The next day I received information from the most reliable sources, through General Tillson, that General Wheeler's forces were crossing the French Broad both above and below its junction with the Holston, and the various brigades were separated from each other. After consultation I determined to turn back, and endeavor to attack Wheeler's forces in their scattered condition. On the 25th I marched from Greeneville to Rogersville, but owing to the heavy rains which occurred in the afternoon of that day, I was unable to get all my train over the Holston on that day. On the morning of the 26th, the river having fallen sufficiently, I finished crossing my train and moved down the north side of the Holston River. On the 28th my advance entered Rutledge, and I ascertained that the enemy's rear had left Blain's Cross-Roads, eighteen miles in my advance, at 10 o'clock the day previous and was rapidly moving in the direction of Kingston by way of Lee's Ford, on the Clinch River. It was now perfectly evident that I would be unable to overtake the enemy before they crossed the mountains into Middle Tennessee, which Your Excellency will remember I predicted they would do in a dispatch sent you from Bull's Gap on the 23rd of August. I therefore determined to pursue no farther but to return and resume operations against the forces of General John H. Morgan, commanding the rebel Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee. On the 29th of august I marched from Bean's Station to Cobb's Ford, on the Holston River. The next day I crossed the river and encamped near Russellville. The reduced condition of the horses, and their being unshod, rendered it necessary for me to move slowly, as I had already marched more than 300 miles, and the destruction of the railroad in my rear by Wheeler

