
rendered it impossible to obtain supplies from Knoxville. Knowing that a rebel brigade occupied Bull's Gap on the morning of the 30th, on that evening after my arrival at Russellville I sent a reconnoitering party, under Captain Wilcox, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, to obtain information of their whereabouts. On his arrival near the gap he ascertained that the enemy had fallen back so soon as they had ascertained that I was crossing the river. Captain Wilcox determined to hold the gap until he could send back for orders. On entering the gap, at abut 10 p. m., he was met by a party of about 100 of the enemy, who wee also out reconnoitering. He charged them and drove them back, holding the gap until I arrived with the remainder of the command at daylight. The condition of the animals belonging to the command rendered it absolutely necessary they should be rested and shod before moving farther, and I accordingly determined to remain here and refit. I sent the proper stafflle.

Nothing occurred of importance until the evening of the 3rd instant, when I obtained information that General Morgan was concentrating all his forces to dislodge me from this position, and that his advance, consisting of Vaughn's brigade, had passed through Greeneville at 1 p. m. of that day, and encamped at Park's Gap, two miles this side of Greeneville. I knew that Smith's brigade was encamped near Carter's Station, on the Babb's Mill road, at 12 m. of the same day. I immediately resolved not to wait for him but to endeavor to surprise and attack his forces in detail before they could be concentrated. Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton, commanding Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, was ordered to march at 10 o'clock that night by way of the Arnet road to within one mile of Greeneville, there cross to the Knoxville road and place himself in rear of the enemy. At 12 o'clock I marched with the Tenth Michigan and Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, and one section of Patterson's battery, to attack the enemy in front at daylight. The night was one of the darkest and stormiest I ever witnessed, the rain poured down in torrents, and had it not been for the vivid and almost constant lightning it would have been impossible to have continued our march. At 6 o'clock we came upon the enemy's vedettes, who were shot. The next set were found asleep. Pushing forward rapidly we came upon the enemy at Park's Gap, who stubbornly resisted the advance of the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, who were fighting dismounted. After a few rounds from the artillery they gave way and retreated toward Greeneville, closely pressed by the Tenth Michigan and Ninth Tennessee Cavalry. They soon found their retreat in that direction cut off by Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton, with the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, and most of them would probably have been captured had it not been for the inconsiderate conduct of a lieutenant in ordering them to be fired upon before they were completely surrounded by Ingerton. After discovering our troops in their rear they broke and fled toward Greeneville in the greatest confusion, closely pursued by the entire command. The pursuit was kept up seven miles beyond Greeneville. The jaded and unshod condition of the horses rendered it impossible to overtake the fresh horses of the fleeing enemy. Upon Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton's arrival near Greeneville he learned that General Morgan and his staff, who had arrived, the previous evening, had headquarters at Mrs. Williams' in town. Colonel Ingerton detached a squadron, under Captain Wilcox, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, to surround the house and capture General Morgan with his staff and escort, who were unaware of the presence of the Federal troops until awakened by the report of their own artillery, which was situated on College Hill, and

