
opened upon Captain Wilcox's squadron as soon as they made their appearance in the street. General Morgan's headquarters were surrounded and he was shot by Private Andrew Campbell, of Company G, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, while he was endeavoring to make his escape and join his command. His staff, with a single exception, was captured. Vaughn's brigade on arriving at the position held by the artillery endeavored to reform, but a few discharges from our dismounted cavalry soon caused them to resume their fLight, leaving behind them one piece of artillery and two caissons, with their horses and equipments. The enemy's loss in killed will exceed 75; 106 prisoners have been sent to the rear; several others were left in Greeneville, too badly wounded to be removed. Our loss, 9 wounded (1 mortally), none killed, and no prisoners. All of General Morgan's papers fell into my hands, and showed his force to have been from 1,800 to 2,000 men, including Morgan's old brigade. His forces were divided into three brigades, under Generals Vaughn and Giltner, and Colonel Smith. Owing to the surprise and their scattered condition they probably at no one time had as many men in action as I had.

Where all behaved so well, it may seem invidious to mention any one in particular, but I feel that it would be great injustice not to call your particular attention to the almost reckless gallantry of Colonel John K. Miller, who was always in the thickest of tis own example to acts of gallantry. Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton deserves great credit for the prompt and efficient manner in which he executed the movement to the enemy's rear. Lieutenant- Colonel Brownlow, commanding the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, and Major Newell, commanding the Tenth Michigan Cavalry, executed all my orders with great promptness and efficiency, and aided much in carrying out my plans. I beg leave to call your attention to the uniform good conduct of Lieutenant Patterson, commanding Battery E, First Tennessee Artillery, and Lieutenant Regan, of the Tenth Tennessee Infantry, who commanded the section of the battery with me in the fight-yesterday. Lieutenants French and Lynn, of my staff, rendered great assistance in carrying orders and placing troops. Lieutenant Miller, acting aide-de-camp, was, I regret to say, too seriously injured, by riding off a bridge in th dark, to participate in the action.

The enemy having fled in such confusion it was impossible for me to overtake him. The condition of my horses rendered it necessary that they should be shod and rest a few days, and the railroad communication having been opened to this place, I determined to return here, which I did yesterday evening about 9 o'clock, having marched FIFTY miles from 12 o'clock of the night previous. I shall remain here for a few days, and again advance upon the enemy.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Adjutant-General Tennessee.

BULL'S GAP, TENN., September 8, 1864.

Accounts last night locate the enemy at Jonesborough. I will be detained at this place a couple of days longer, when I hope to forward you a favorable account of future operations. By reference to my journal I find I have marched since leaving Nashville 405 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Adjutant-General Tennessee.

Governor JohnSON,

Nashville, Tenn.

