
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John Echols, C. S. Army.

CARTER'S STATION, EAST TENN., September 5, 1864.

GENERAL: I was brought to this place by a dispatch received lat night that the troops of General Morgan had been surprised at Greeneville, East Tenn., on the morning of the 4th instant, and that he had been killed or captured. No official report of the affair has yet been made to me, though I am in possession of the principal facts connected therewith. Brigadier-General Morgan, with his command, had reached Greeneville the night previous, and he had established his headquarters at a private house therein. The enemy, in consequence of a failure on the part of some offices to have one of the roads leading into the town properly guarded and picketed, charged into the town soon after daylight and at once surrounded the house where General Morgan's headquarters were established, and, I regret exceedingly to say, killed him and captured all of his staff, with one exception, while they were endeavoring to escape. In the engagement which soon commenced between our troops and those of the enemy we lost some 25 or 30 men killed, wounded, and captured. The enemy very soon retired from the town int he direction of Bull's Gap, and our troops were withdrawn to the vicinity of Jonesborough. I have ordered them back to the line of the Watauga River, the strongest line which can be selected between Jonesborough and the Virginia line, in order that they may be stationary for a time, so that they may be organized properly and armed and equipped, which many of them have not been of some time past.

I will order a thorough investigation of the affair at Greeneville, in order to ascertain by whose neglect or misconduct the surprise occurred. I will write fully as to the condition of the department as soon as I return to department headquarters, which will be in a day or two.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Bull's Gap, Tenn., September 5, 1864.

Captain J. T. ROGERS,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, late of General Morgan's Staff:

SIR: It has been stated that General John H. Morgan, late of the Confederate Army, was killed by our forces in Greeneville, Tenn., after he had surrendered, and in direct violation of the rules of war. You will confer a personal favor upon myself, and be doing an act of justice to this command, by stating what you know to be the facts connected with the killing of the general.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. C. FRENCH,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, General Gillem's Staff.

