HEADQUARTERS FORCES EAST TENNESSEE,September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant O. C. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General Gillem's Staff:

LIEUTENANT: In answer to your communication relative to the killing and surrender of the late General John H. Morgan I must say I know but little. I was with General M. when he left Mrs. Williams' house. He handed me one of his pistols, and said that he wished me to assist him in making his escape. I told him it was almost useless, as we were entirely surrounded. He replied, saying that we must do it if possible. We were concealed in a clump of bushes, when a soldier rode up to the fence, wearing a brown jeans jacket. We naturally supposing him a Confederate soldier, came out of the bushes, General M. stepping at the same time through the fence. The soldier demanded a surrender, much to our surprise. Captain Wilcox, of the Federal army, with some other soldiers, rode up. I, with Mr. Johnson, hastened toward him, looking back in the direction of General M., hearing cries, "kill him!" "kill him!" from every quarter except Captain W., who received my surrender very gentlemanly; but before I reached Captain w. I. saw General M. throw up his hands exclaiming, "Oh God!" I saw nothing more of him until he was brought to the street dead. I am satisfied that Johnson and myself were both fired on after we surrender, but by men so far from us that it must have been impossible for them to know that we were prisoners. I asked Captain Wilcox to leave a soldier with me after I had surrendered, for my own safety, which he did. We were possibly fired on from almost every direction, but from such a distance that I am almost satisfied that the men did it innocently. I, however, do not condemn them for firing on me after I had surrendered, under the circumstances. If General M. surrender before he was shot I do not know it.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. ROGERS,

Captain and A. A. A. and I. G., late General John H. Morgan's Staff.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864. -Guerrilla raid on Owensborough, Ky.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John C. Moon, One hundred and eighteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Owensborough, Ky., September 17, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following facts: On the 2nd day of the present month this town was visited by a band of guerrillas, who murder 3 U. S. soldiers after they had surrendered, and 1 citizen who had once been an officer in the Federal army.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. MOON,

Lieutenant Colonel 118th U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. B. HARLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

