
SEPTEMBER 2, 1864. -Skirmishes at and near Union City, Tenn.

Report of Colonel James N. McArthur, Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

COLUMBUS, KY., September 3, 1864.

I sent yesterday morning Lieutenant Murray, with seventy men of the Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, to Moscow, with orders to find the enemy and engage him, if possible. He was joined by Captain Berry with his command, and at Union City Lieutenant Murray came up with Captain Churchill and Colonel Dawson's command and dispersed them, killing 6 and capturing 11 men. At the same time Captain Berry was two miles WEST of Union City; he came upon Captain Campbell's command, killing 2 and capturing 1 wounded man, 1 Government horse, guns, pistols, &amp;c. Campbell's command fired into Lieutenant Murray's detachment a few hours afterward from the brush. Lieutenant Murray just arrived. Our loss, in all, 1 horse. He reports a rebel force of 300 at McLemoresville, Tenn.

JAMES N. MCARTHUR,

Colonel Fourth U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), Commanding Post.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Paducah, Ky.

SEPTEMBER 2-5, 1864. -Scout from Whiteside's, Tenn., to Sulphur Springs, Ga.

Report of Captain Alexander T. Snodgrass, First Ohio Infantry.

CAMP FIRST Ohio VOLUNTEERS,

Whiteside's, September 6, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of a scout under my command made in accordance with instructions received from you:

I left this post Friday p. m., September 2, with one commissioned officer, forty-seven enlisted men of First Ohio and twenty-one men of the company of home guards stationed here. I was instructed to proceed to a point sixteen miles south of Trenton and gain what information I could of any force of rebel cavalry that might be in that section of country. I was directed particularly to look after Captain Wetherspoon and his band. Ascertaining that a camp-meeting was in progress at Sulphur Springs, near the State line between Georgia and Alabama, I made my arrangements to be at that place on the following Sunday. In order to give no notice to any armed parties, I marched my command during the night-time, remaining concealed during the day, picketing the road to prevent any persons passing ahead of my command. in this manner I succeeded in reaching a thicket, within one mile and a half of where the meeting was held at Sulphur Springs, by daylight on Sunday morning without the knowledge of any persons but Union citizens. Along the route I got reliable information that the force of rebel cavalry under Captain Wetherspoon, which passed through that country a few days before, had gone to their headquarters at Carrington Bend, across Coosa River. This force numbers eighty men, well

