
SEPTEMBER 6, 1864. -Skirmish at Readyville, Ten. .

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. -Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Colonel George G. Dibrell, Thirteenth Tennessee (Confederate) Cavalry, commanding brigade, including engagement at Saltville, Va., October 2.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Murfreesborough, Tenn., September 6, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to orders from General Van Cleve I proceeded with my command (the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 550 men) at 1 a. m. on the McMinnville road in search of a rebel column commanded by Dibrell. At break of day I discovered the encampment of the enemy at Readyville, and at once made dispositions for attack, and the moment that it was sufficiently light I ordered Major Kimmel to charge the enemy with four companies, while Major Appel, with three companies, deployed as skirmishers, was ordered to strike the left flank of the enemy at the same moment that the saber charge under Major Kimmel should attack the right. Major Longsdorf supported Major Kimmel's charge with three companies. At fifteen minutes before 5 a. m. the charge was ordered, and the men went gallantly into action. The enemy were 1,800 strong, 1,200 of whom were armed, the remainder were recruits. In ten minutes the enemy were in confusion, and in an hour Dibrell's brigade was a mass of fugitives. The action began at Stone's River, at Readyville, and the flying enemy pursued to Woodbury, five miles.

We captured 130 prisoners, 200 horses, 200 saddles; also a large number of Enfield rifles, all of which I ordered to be destroyed, as I had no killed and about 100 wounded. My own loss was 1 man killed, 6 wounded, and 5 missing. I also lost 18 horses killed an disabled during the charge.

Too much praise cannot bee awarded to Major Kimmel, Major Appel, and Major Longsdorf, for their gallantry in this action.

Amongst my wounded are Lieutenant Thomas W. Jordan, Company H, very severely in two places; and Lieutenant W. M. Potter, slightly through the right arm.

All my officers and men behaved in the most praiseworthy manner.

Respectfully reported.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Cavalry.

Major Moe,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See also Van Cleve's report, Vol. XXXVIII, Part II, p. 504.

---------------

