
distance, twenty-eight miles. The prisoner captured is from Captain Ferry's company, Tenth Regiment MISSISSIPPI Cavalry,* commanded by Colonel Wood, now on duty at Springer's Ferry, on Homochitto River. Captain Huges is guarding Wilson's Ferry, on Homochitto. The property captured was turned over to quartermaster.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY H. MERRIMAN,

Captain, Fourth Regiment Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Co. L.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces.

SEPTEMBER 9-11, 1864. -Expedition from Mobile Bay to Bon Secours and Fish Rivers, Ala.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, Colonel Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2. -Captain Clement W. Stone, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

Numbers 1. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, Colonel Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mobile Bay, September 13, 1864.

I forward herewith reports of expeditions made to Bon Secours and Fish Rivers, Ala., by Captain C. W. Stone, of my staff:

These expeditions were made upon advisement with Admiral Farragut, and I received, as I do in everything else here, the very hearty co-operation of the navy. There have been destroyed the immense salt-works at Bon Secours and the barracks at Camp Anderson. probably 100,000 feet of fine lumber has thereby been secured to the Government-of vast benefit here in the erection of warehouses, hospitals, &amp;c. The expeditions were conducted with the utmost care, and I feel confident that no wanton destruction of private property of pillaging took place. It was learned that Hood had fallen back to Montgomery, and that a brigade of his army had arrived in Mobile.

Trusting that these reports and the movements they chronicle may meet with the approval of the major-general commanding, I remain, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

A. A. G., Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi.

---------------

*Reference is probably to Wirt Adams' regiment.

---------------

