
Numbers 2. Reports of Captain Clement W. Stone, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Morgan, Mobile Point, Ala., September 11, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to written instructions received from General Bailey, on the morning of the 9th instant, I proceeded with the steamer planter, with two barges in tow, and 250 men, under command of Major Pettibone, Twentieth Wisconsin Volunteers, to the mouth of Bon Secours River. Three gun-boats under the command of Captain Wiggin, U. S. Navy, entered the bay some distance in advance of the Planter, and took such position as would enable them to assist us in case we were attacked. As soon as the troops were landed a strong picket guard was posted on the road leading in to Bon Secours, there being but one road leading into that place, the country on both sides being an impassable swamp. the remainder of the force was placed and work taking down buildings, which had been constructed for manufacturing salt, and in loading the lumber onto the barges. I suspended all labor at dark, but resumed my work at an early hour on the succeeding morning, and before night I had loaded onto the barges about 30,000 feet of lumber, that being all the available lumber in the salt-works. The naval forces had been engaged in the mean time in breaking the kettles belonging to the salt-works, the tools which I had with me being too light for this purpose, many of these kettles being fully two inches in thickness, while others were made of a heavy quality of boiler iron. Captain Wiggin, U. S. Navy, informs me that 990 of these kettles were destroyed.

In addition to the lumber I loaded onto the barges nine head of beef-cattle belonging to a citizen, who is at present inside of our line sin the employment of Captain Perkins, assistant quartermaster. I left Bon Secours at 8 p. m., having previously fired all buildings used as salt-works, as I ascertained that they were owned by parties who are at present in Mobile, and that these works and had been manufacturing salt for the Confederate Army and also a number of buildings about a mile and a quarter from Bon Secours, these buildings having been constructed by the Confederate force as quarters for soldiers, the place being known as Camp Anderson. I arrived at this place at midnight. I also brought in 2 prisoners, George Brown and J. f. Yeenel, they both being reported as being engaged in conveying information to Mobile.

No improper depredations were committed by the troops, all conducting themselves in an orderly and soldier-like manner.

Much credit is due to Major Pettibone and his officers for the manner in which they assisted me in discharging my duties, all taking an interest in forwarding the work as much as possible.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. W. STONE,

Captain, Sixth Michigan Vol. Arty., Actg. Asst. Quartermaster.

Major GEORGE W. DURGIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

