
On the morning of the 10th the militia force was collected at the arsenal for equipment, and then by Colonel Monroe distributed between the fort, the arsenal, and the bridge leading to South Frankfort. I sent a special messenger through to Louisville, with an order to Colonel Gathright, commanding the militia of Jefferson County, to turn out his command for service, and to act on consultation with Mr. Gill, the superintendent of the railroad, in establishing connection between here and Louisville, leaving a sufficient guard at the most important points for the protection of the road. Lieutenant-Colonel Craig was sent from the with a company composed of detachments from the First Kentucky (scouts) and the militia, as a guard to a construction train, with orders to repair whatever damage had been done to this end of the road. This expedition returned in the evening without being able to accomplish their mission. Colonel Craig found the enemy posted in the stockade near Benson's Bridge, and charging them drove them out and across the creek, capturing 2 horses, with the loss of 1 man wounded and 3 missing. What damage he did the enemy he was unable to ascertain. These persistent efforts to stop all use of the Louisville and Frankfort Railroad demonstrated that we were in danger, and when the news was received that Morgan was at Georgetown no one could doubt his intentions. We were in Frankfort were not long in finding out what those intentions were. About 7 p. m. 10th instant a picket came into my headquarters and announced that the enemy were advancing on the Georgetown pile. The detachment of scouts had been ordered but a short time before to be prepared to strengthen the pickets on any road that might be threatened. They were immediately sent out the Georgetown pike. Colonel Monroe and myself accompanied them as far as the cemetery gate, when I was informed by a picket stationed to the left of the road, in position to see the Owenton pike, that a large force was advancing on that road. Hearing nothing from the pickets stationed at Hord's house I rather doubted the information, and, leaving Colonel Monroe to defend the Georgetown pike, I took six mounted men and started out on the Owenton road. I had not gone far when I discovered the enemy moving up the hill to attack the fort. Ordering the cavalry that were with me to make for the fort by the road leading up the hill next to the river, I made my way up the hill, reaching the summit just in time to see the men driven from the advanced gun and the enemy take possession of it. I was met by a large number of negroes who had been used in builning for the fort. I changed their course and made them go down the hill to the left, near the river. No negroes were allowed in the fort. I had no intention of using them as soldiers, and knowing that if the enemy should succeed in taking the place they would be murdered, I ordered them from the hill. By this time the enemy, about sixty strong, were advancing rapidly upon the fort, from the direction of the gun they had captured, a portion taking shelter behind a stone wall, under cover of which they could approach nearer the fort. As I rode around to the entrance, I observed about twenty-five of the enemy moving in the direction of the ravine on the WEST slope of the hill, a short distance north of the fort. I gave the command "fire," and with a few rounds the enemy were repulsed, as they were also in two succeeding assaults. In the first assault Major T. J. Hutchison and John Coleman, of the Thirty-sixth Enrolled Militia of Franklin County, were wounded while working the guns in the fort. Major Hutchison was wounded in the face and John Coleman in the breast, both seriously, but neither mortally. Information was received through pris-

