
vented from reaching that place by the arrival of the fleet in Mobile Bay. This mill has been engaged for the past two years in sawing lumber for the Confederate authorities. The engine belonging to the mill I found buried near the mill. This engine was taken charge of by the naval forces.

C. W. S.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1864. -Affair at Campbellton, Ga.

Report of Lieutenant J. M. Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding scout.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,September 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward, for your information, the following report from my scouts near Campbellton:

A foraging party of Yankees, sixty strong, with three wagons, went to Campbellton yesterday. Lieutenant Lee, Captain Preston, and myself united our scouts, making FIFTY-one in all, and went in pursuit. We met them coming out of town, charged and routed them, killing 12, wounding 8 severely, and capturing 14 prisoners unhurt, 30 stand of Sharps and Spencer rifles, and 1 wagon and 4 mules. In the wagon we brought off the wounded Yankees to Fairburn. My loss was only 1 man slightly wounded and 3 horses killed. We captured horses to supply the places of those killed.

J. M. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scout.

I am, general, very respectfully,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG,

Commanding DIVISION.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1864. -Skirmish at Woodbury, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Woodbury, Tenn., September 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I respectfully report that at 2 p. m., as my command was approaching Stone's River, on the edge of Woodbury, that my advance fell upon a detachment of rebels under the command of Lieutenant- Colonel Anderson, Fourth [Eighth] Tennessee (rebel) Cavalry, numbering 150. The attack was made by the enemy, and was very spirited for a few minutes, till I could get my men in position. In ten minutes the enemy began to retreat in the direction of Auburn toward Lebanon. I followed them three miles, capturing 4 of the enemy, 2 of whom are very badly wounded. In the action I had 2 men wounded, 1 very badly, and 1 disabled by his horse falling on him during the charge. The prisoners say that they are detailed from Williams' DIVISION, and that they left the command as a scouting party and to communicate with Wheeler. They were within six miles of Sparta when detailed, and followed a road, leaving McMinnville to the left as they came here. They say Williams passed through McMinnville day before yesterday afternoon, and is now at Sparta. I will encamp on the Murfreesborough road, two miles from Woodbury to-night, and send back my wounded. The ambulances and detail will return, so that I can march in the morning, and will bring any orders you may have to send. There are several

