
of the enemy badly wounded in this neighborhood whom I will parole to report to you at Murfreesborough as soon as they are able to travel.

Respectfully reported.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[Major MOE, Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Is it not probable, as these men were trying to communicate with Wheeler, that he finds his road cut off south, and will be compelled to seek safety in passing to the east?

T. J. J.

SEPTEMBER 10-OCTOBER 13, 1864. -Operations in East Tennessee, including skirmishes (September 28) at Leesburg and (September 30) at Duvall's Ford.

Report of Major George F. Barnes, SIXTEENTH Kentucky Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH Kentucky CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,Strawberry Plains, East Tenn., October 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the operations of this battalion during its temporary attachment with the East Tennessee expedition, Brigadier General A. C. Gillem commanding:

My command left this place September 10, 1864, by order General Tillson. Reported to General Gillem September 11, 1864, at Bull's Gap, East Tenn., went into camps, remained at the gap doing picket duty and scouting to Greeneville and Rogersville until the morning of September 27, when the expedition moved toward the enemy's lines. On the 28th, our battalion being in the advance, found the enemy's scouts near Leesburg, charged upon them, severely wounding 1 and taking 5 prisoners. Arrived at Jonesborough on the 29th; went into camp for the night. On the morning of the 30th General Gillem ordered my battalion to proceed to Duvall's Ford, on the Watauga River. Arrived at the ford at 11 a. m. ; found the enemy strongly posted on the opposite shore; attacked them at once; remained at this ford until 1 p. m., when I received orders to move to Carter's Station, where the main forces then were. Had proceeded but half a mile when I was suddenly attacked in the front and rear. I fell back, cutting our way through the enemy that was in our rear until I reached the Johnston Station road; formed my command in an open field; made a charge upon the advancing enemy and drove them back to where the attack commenced; there fond the enemy too strong for me; I retired in good order to the rear of the command. Our casualties during this day's operations I have to report as 12 missing in action, 1 slightly wounded. remained in line of battle at Carter's Station until the evening of the 3rd of October, when I was ordered tas pickets. Left the ford at 8 a. m. 4th instant and joined the forces under General Gillem, near Leesburg, same day. The whole command then moved rapidly toward Bull's Gap, where we arrived on the 7th instant. Left Bull's Gap on the 12th and arrived here on the 13th.

Very respecdient servant,

GEO. F. BARNES,

Major, Commanding SIXTEENTH Kentucky Cavalry Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. AMMEN,

Commanding District of East Tennessee.

