
SEPTEMBER 12, 1864. -Skirmish near Memphis, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John W. Noble, THIRD Iowa Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., CAV. CORPS, DIST. OF WEST TENN.,Memphis, Tenn., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the main body of the patrol on the Hernando road have returned. They state that upon coming to a bridge about the end of their patrol (twelve miles) the advance guard became engaged, and at the same time their whole body, with the exception of the rear guard, was attacked on both flanks by a strong body of rebels, numbering from 150 to 200; that upon finding the enemy too strong, they broke for a swamp and made the best of their way to the Pigeon Roost road, hearing the rebels say, "Never mind boys, we will wait for them, they will be back again presently," and by that road came into camp. They lost 4 men, of whom 2 are reported killed and 2 missing, and 1 man and 3 horses wounded. I have sent out 150 men of the First Brigade to learn what they can in regard to the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cav. Corps, Dist. of WEST Tenn.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864. -Affair near Weston, Ky.

Report of Major John H. Peck, One hundred and thirty-second Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST SMITHLAND,September 16, 1864.

I have the honor to report that on the 13th instant Colonel Burge, commanding Forty-eight Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, sent from this post fourteen guerrillas, under charge of Sergeant Rogers and six men of the Forty-eighth, on the steamer Colossus. On the morning of the 14th, when the steamer was near Weston, Ky., the guerrillas seized and overpowered the guard, shot and killed the sergeant and 1 private, and wounded 2 privates. They then ordered the steamer headed for the shore, leaped off, and escaped with the arms. The bodies of the soldiers were brought here. The sergeant's body was taken by his friends, and I caused the body of the other to be interred in our cemetery here. One of the guerrillas was a captain by the name of Steele.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. PECK,

Major, &amp;c., Commanding Post.

Lieutenant E. B. HARLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.

P. S. -I immediately sent notice of the escape of the guerrillas to Colonel Burge.

J. H. P.

