
Nixon, Company E, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, and demanded a surrender of the block-house with garrison, which demand Second Lieutenant E. F. Nixon complied with without firing a gun. Lieutenant Nixon, who was in command of Block-houses Nos. 3,4, and 5, ordered the sergeants in command to surrender. Sergt. A. Frohn, Company L, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, in command of Block-house No. 4, Bridge No. 4, and Sergt. W. Rhinemiller, Company M, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, was in command of Block-house No. 3, Bridge No. 3. Sergt. W. Rhinemiller refused three times to comply. Lieutenant E. F. Nixon then threatened to place him in arrest; he also fired on the flag. Lieutenant E. F. Nixon rode with Forrest's adjutant to First Lieutenant J. F. Long, Company B, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Block-house No. 6, Bridge No. 5, and tried to induce him to surrender, which [he] refused to do, and ordered Lieutenant Nixon, with the adjutant of General Forrest, away from his block-house. First Lieutenant Long fought him from 2 p. m. until 12 m. ; killed 10 rebels and wounded several; but they succeeded in destroying his bridge; his command and block- house were uninjured. During the truce, the rebels under cover of the railroad bank, succeeded in firing the bridge with turpentine; one end was burned, and the whole fell in. Block-houses Nos. 3,4, and 5 are burned to the ground; also Bridges Nos. 3 and 4. It is learned Carter's Creek Station, the water-tank, and saw-mill, and the railroad destroyed from there to Spring Hill. Rumor says Lieutenant Nixon surrendered for a bribe of $10,000. The rebels had no artillery, and his three block-houses were double cased up to the top log of the loop-holes. The garrisons of the three block- houses and water-tanks and saw-mill were taken prisoners, except 1 man escaped. Block-houses No. 3 was garrisoned with thirty-two men, Block-house No. 4 with twenty-two men, Block-house No. 5 with thirty-one men. Thirty men garrisoned the water-tank and saw-mill. Altogether 115 men captured. Rumor says they have all been paroled, and arriving this day at Franklin. Sunday morning at 8 our pickets were driven in at Duck River bridge, but we succeeded in driving them off without any damage to the works, or loss of life. Sunday morning our pickets were attacked on four different roads, Pulaski, Bigbyville, Mount Pleasant, and Hampshire. Fights and skirmishes continued until 6 o'clock in the evening, when the enemy withdrew in the direction of Mount Pleasant, and encamped on General Pillow's plantation, moving next morning in the direction of Waynesborough. Forrest's force is reported at 2,500 men. The railroad is open from here to Pulaski. These are the whole facts as far as I have been able to ascertain. Will report further information as soon as I get it. Have no laborers nor carpenters to build these three blockhouses. Please inform me what I shall do.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. KRAMER,

First Lieutenant, 68th New York Regiment, Asst. Insp. of Block- Houses.

Major J. R. WILLETT,

Chief Inspector of Fortifications, District of Tennessee.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE CHIEF INSPECTOR RAILROAD DEFENSES,

Nashville, Tenn., October 9, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major B. H. Polk for the information of General Rousseau.

JAS. R. WILLETT,

Major and Chief Inspector Railroad Defenses.

