
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., October 10, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the Department of the Cumberland.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of the general commanding.)

No. 4. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred B. Wade, Seventy-THIRD Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Athens, Ala., October 2, 1864-10 a. m.

SIR: Have just repulsed Brigadier General A. Buford's command, who were well supplied with artillery. Have dispatched Major McBath in pursuit. Attack commenced 3 o'clock yesterday p. m. Cannonading very severe from 6 a. m. to 8 a. m. to-day. Our loss not ascertained, but very Light, as had constructed a temporary bomb-proof. Will send particulars by next courier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. WADE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-THIRD Indiana, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., 20th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Athens, Ala., October 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an engagement between the troops under my command and the enemy under command of Brigadier General A. Buford, at this place, on the 1st and 2nd instant:

My force consisted of detachments from my own regiment (Seventy- THIRD Indiana Infantry), Tenth Indiana (dismounted) Cavalry, and one section of Battery A, First Tennessee Artillery. A portion of the Second Tennessee Cavalry joined me when the engagement commenced, making a total force of about 500 effective men, opposed to which was General Buford's DIVISION of cavalry, with one battery of four guns, estimated by prisoners who had been with him since leaving Fayetteville and who escaped after the battle here at 4,000 men. I do not estimate his force as large as this, but from an order found upon the field from Colonel Bartwell, one of his brigade commanders, it is evident that his whole DIVISION invested the place.

The pickets on the Huntsville road were driven in at 3 p. m. October 1. I deployed one company as skirmishers to engage the enemy, who had taken position behind the railroad, and to delay his movements as long as possible. A very heavy rain-storm commenced at this time, which aided this object materially. Firing was kept up on the skirmish line until dark, when I re-enforced it with another company to prevent the enemy from gaining possession of a cluster of buildings near the fort.

