
oners that the enemy lost 5 men wounded, and there was 1 horse captured by us. Hostilities having ceased for a while, and Colonel Monroe arriving, it was concluded to send a detachment for each of the two guns outside of the fort. Colonel Monroe commanded one of the detachments in person and Mr. Thomas Buford, of Woodford County, the other. This work they accomplished. These guns were covered by a fire from the fort; had they not been, the presence of mind of young Frank Gray in bringing away the friction primers would have prevented the enemy from using them against us. Too much credit cannot be awarded to Sergeant Johnson, of the Second Mounted [Infantry]; Captain Sanford Goin, of this place; Mr. Albert Bayliss, of Shelby, and Mr. J. B. Gibson, of Cincinnati, the latter an old Kentucky Military Institute cadet; and also Captain Fletcher, U. S. Army, and Mr. Schwitzker, for their bravery and efficiency in handling the guns in the fort. This defense would have been creditable to the militia had their number been sufficient to have lined the parapet from one end to the other; but I am satisfied that when the first assault was made there were not over forty men in the fort. Waiting until after midnight to see if the attack would be renewed, I then turned the command of the fort over to Colonel Monroe, and rode down to the city for the purpose of visiting the arsenal and other points of defense. At the arsenal I found yourself in command, aided by Quartermaster-General Suddarth, and everything in preparation for its defense. The bridge was effectually guarded by a detachment under command of Captain John M. Hewett. About daylight I relieved Colonel Monroe. The enemy were found to be occupying all the roads leading into the city. Several attempts were made by them to approach the arsenal through the cemetery and by the railroad, but the shells thrown from the guns at the fort and a gun at the arsenal kept them back. The enemy showing themselves frequently on the hills southwest of the city, two guns 20-pounder Parrotts, at the fort, under charge of Messrs. Gibson, Bayliss, and Buford, shelled them with considerable effect, as it was learned that 5 were killed and 5 wounded, and several dead horses mark the localities at which they fell. A flag of truce appearing, the firing ceased. I will here state that during the suspension of hostilities occasioned by the entrance of the flag of truce, the enemy were discovered on the north side of the river advancing through the cemetery, and by my orders they were shelled. For further particulars I refer you to Colonel Monroe's report, which I herewith transmit to you.

On the morning of the 12th instant General Harlan, with a detachment, reconnoitered the hills on the south side of the river, from the Louisville turnpike gate around to the railroad, without discovering any indication of the enemy. In the evening of the same day Colonel Jordan, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, arrived with his command.

On the morning of the 13th, the command of the city having been turned over to Colonel Jordan, the militia were relieved from duty and were addressed by General Harlan on behalf of His Excellency Governor Bramlette.

The citizens of this city, and the State at large, are under obligations to Colonel Monroe for his services in defense of the capital, and I here tender him my thanks for his valuable assistance to me.

I here make honorable mention of the volunteer militia under General Harlan and Captain Hewett, who rendered efficient services in guarding the railroad bridges during the night of the 15th instant.

Quartermaster-General Suddarth, with the assistance of Quartermaster Armer, Mr. Poynter, and Lieutenant Venable, quartermaster

