
No. 5. Report of Major General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA, R. R.,Tullahoma, Tenn., October 20, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to the telegraph order this day received from the major-general commanding the District of Tennessee to furnish a report of the operations of the troops under my command during recent movements of the enemy against our railroads, I respectfully submit the following brief statement of the very brief operations of my command during recent movements of the enemy against our railroads:

I learned on the 28th [ultimo] that the rebel forces under Forrest were moving east from Pulaski in the direction of this railroad. I kept cavalry scouting parties well out on the various roads leading west, to ascertain at what point he aimed to strike. On the night of the 28th ultimo, a small scouting party of rebels cut the telegraph wire, tore up and burned the railroad track to a small extent three miles north of this place. I sent out a construction train early in the morning of the 29th, with a guard, and soon repaired the break in the track and wire. In the afternoon of the same day a scouting party of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry met Forrest's advance eleven miles out, a short distance from Lynchburg, and had a sharp skirmish with them. I confidently expected an attack at this place the next morning, the 30th ultimo, but to my great disappointment and disgust they failed to come, and my preparations for meeting them were useless, and my expected opportunity for wiping off the trust of fourteen months' comparative inactivity was lost.

Forrest turned back immediately after the skirmish above mentioned, and this railroad has not since been disturbed by his or any other rebel forces.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.

No. 6. Report of Brigadier General Robert S. Granger, U. S. Army, commanding District of Northern Alabama.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, October 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by a portion of the forces under my command during the Forrest raid on the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad:

On the return of Major-General Rousseau from the pursuit of Wheeler, and after the receipt of the order for the return of the troops to their stations, I was so apprehensive that the enemy, who was still in large force on the south side of the Tennessee, might recross and attack the railroad, that I retained the One hundred and second Ohio and Seventy-THIRD Indiana Infantry at or near Decatur, and the Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry at Huntsville, where these forces might be available to

