
On the withdrawal of Buford from Athens, the forces under my immediate command took no further part in assisting to drive off the forces under Forrest, with the exception of 200 of the Second Tennessee Cavalry, who accompanied General Morgan to Florence.

It gives me pleasure to state that, with the exception of Colonel Campbell, the officers and soldiers of my command conducted themselves in the most satisfactory manner when in the presence of the enemy, and exhibited a most commendable energy and zeal in preparing for the defense of their posts.

Lieutenant Colonel R. O. Selfridge, assistant inspector-general, volunteered his services upon my staff, and was of great service to me in writing and transmitting orders and discharging whatever duties were assigned to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Report of Lieutenant Henry C. March, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Infantry, Assistant Inspector of Railroad Defenses.

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, December 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the surrender of Athens, Ala., on the 24th of September, 1864, to Major-General Forrest, commanding C. S. forces, and the condition of railroad and other defenses:

About 4 p. m. on the 23rd the railroad section foreman reported to Colonel Campbell, commanding that post, that the guerrillas were tearing up the railroad about five miles south of Athens. Major Pickens, THIRD Tennessee Cavalry, with 100 men, was sent down the Decatur road. Colonel Campbell, taking 150 men on the cars (the train having just arrived), ran down. They succeeded in driving them off. When returning our forces were attacked and a sharp skirmish ensued. About this time our pickets on the Brown's Ferry and Buck Island road were driven in, when our artillery opened from the fort and fired a few rounds. At this time it was dark. The quartermaster's building was set on fire, the enemy having invested the town on all sides and made several attempts to get possession of town, but were driven back with some loss. About 11 o'clock they got possession of the railroad depot. At this time the Second Tennessee arrived and drove them away wounding and capturing several. (The Second Tennessee Cavalry had been out on a scout and were ordered back to Decatur by General Granger's assistant adjutant-general, who was along.) At midnight the commissary building was burned, and during the latter part of the night all troops were moved to the fort.

About 7 a. m. on the 24th the enemy opened on the fort with a 12- pounder battery from two directions, north and west. The cannonading continued about two hours; about sixty shells were thrown, well directed, exploding in and about the fort, and was answered by our artillery, two 12-pounder howitzers. The enemy's fire did us little harm. We had 1 killed and 2 wounded. Our works were not injured in the

