
least. At about 10 o'clock the enemy sent in a flag of truce, demanding our surrender. The communication, not being signed, was sent back. Another flag was sent by the enemy, communication signed "Major-General Forrest," which was again returned, Colonel Campbell refusing to surrender. General Forrest then asked a personal interview. Colonel Campbell rode out. General Forrest said he came to take the place and intended to it; that he had 8,000 or 10,000 men. Asked Colonel Campbell to ride around the lines and satisfy himself, which he did. After consulting some of the other officers, the fort and whole garrison were surrendered at 12 m. on the 24th. The terms of surrender were in substances as follows: The officers were to retain side arms and all personal property, be taken to Meridian, Miss., and paroled for exchange soon as communication could be had with General Washburn; the enlisted men to be treated as prisoners of war. The garrison at time of surrender consisted of about 450 men of the One hundred and sixth, One hundred and tenth, and One hundred and eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry, and about 130 men of the THIRD Tennessee Cavalry. The fort was an earth-work, 180 by 450 feet, surrounded by an abatis of brush and a palisade 4 feet high, and a ditch 12 feet wide, was 18 feet from the bottom of the ditch to top of parapets. The embankment was strong enough to resist any field artillery; in fact, it was one of the best works of the kind I ever saw.

On the morning of the 24th General Granger, commanding at Decatur, sent detachments, by railroad, of the Eighteenth Michigan and One hundred and second Ohio, both amounting to 350 men, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott, of the One hundred and second Ohio, to re-enforce the garrison at Athens. They arrived at the breach in railroad and were attacked by the whole of General Buford's DIVISION. Our force, though small, pressed their way on in the direction of Athens, strewing the woods with the enemy's dead. On two occasions heavy lines were formed in their direction, which were charged and driven back in disorder. In this manner they had almost gained the fort, which had been surrendered not more than thirty minutes before they arrived within 300 yards, when they, too, were forced to surrender. We lost in this engagement 106 men killed and wounded, among whom were Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott (since dead), Captain Zody, and Lieutenant Davis. The enemy's loss, killed and wounded, according to their own account, was equal to our force engaged.

DEFENSES.

Block-house No. 1, single cased, garrisoned by Lieutenant Hunter and 44 men of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, not attacked.

Block-houses Nos. 2,3, and 4 were double cased, garrisoned by Captain James Henry, One hundred and eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry, and about 100 men of the One hundred and eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry. These block-houses were evacuated, whether with or without orders I am unable to say.

Block-house No. 5, double cased, garrisoned by First Sergt. H. C. Weaver (white) and 40 men of the One hundred and sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, was attacked by infantry and surrendered.

Block-house No. 6, double cased up to loop-holes, garrisoned by [Captain] A. Poe and 40 men, One hundred and sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, was attacked by artillery. Captain says there were several shots penetrated the block-house, killing and wounding a number. Nos. 5 and 6 were surrendered about 12 m. on the 24th.

