
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 6, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Dept. of the Cumberland, Eastport, Miss.:

GENERAL: In reply to your indorsement on the 21st ultimo,* upon the application of Colonel W. Campbell, One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Troops, for a court of inquiry, I am directed to say that as Colonel the South, it is not considered expedient to order his return to the Department of the Cumberland. The application has therefore been referred to Major-General Sherman for such action as he may deem proper for the interests of the service; and you are requested to send to Major-General Sherman a statement of the facts in regard to the surrender of Colonel Campbell's command to the enemy at Athens, Ala., in September, 1864, together with copies of any charges that may have been preferred against Colonel Campbell in connection therewith. +

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

No. 9. Report of Brigadier General John C. Starkweather, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, Tenn., October 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to most respectfully to submit the following report as to the disposition, movements, and part taken by my command in the late skirmishers and battles with General Forrest's forces:

The line being extensive, and nearly all my district defenses attacked from time to time, of necessity my report will be more lengthened than I wish it were. There are many minor details also which in justice to myself and command I am obliged to state in brief, in order that a perfect report may be laid before the general commanding.

On the 19th day of September I telegraphed Brigadier-General Granger that the enemy, 300 strong, were at Florence, and with other distributed commands the enemy were about 1,000 strong, gathering supplies, &amp;c.

On the 21st day of September I telegraphed General Granger that Roddey had crossed the river the Sunday previous with four regiments at Bainbridge Ferry; that the information as from one of my own men who had been captured by them; that my command had driven Biffle, with command 400 strong, from Henryville in the direction of Clifton; that Johnson, with 400 men, was on Cathly Creek night of the 19th; that my forces had returned from pursuit of Biffle and confirmed Roddey's crossing, as already reported. I immediately telegraphed and sent the information to the different commands of my district, and ordered everything placed in good fighting trim and that the most obstinate resistance must be made by all.

Received dispatches on the 22nd from General Granger saying he was satisfied as to my Biffle expedition, but to continue watching him and company. Telegraphed him immediately that Wheeler intended moving

---------------

*See THIRD indorsement, p. 529.

+No subsequent action in this case is found. Colonel Campbell having tendered his resignation was, upon the recommendation of his superior officers, honorably discharged the service of the United States May 6, 1865.

---------------

