
at Pulaski during the night of the 26th. September 27, I was ordered by General Johnson, chief of cavalry, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, to report to General Croxton. I moved from Pulaski at daylight and reported to General Croxton, four miles south on the Elkton pike. I was ordered to form on the right of the line and hold it, if possible, which ordered I carried out until ordered to fall back on Pulaski. This movement I accomplished, moving back by the right of battalion, covering my rear with a heavy line of skirmishers, which inflicted heavy loss on the enemy. On my arriving at Pulaski I took position on the right of General Croxton's brigade on College Hill, where we skirmished with the enemy until dark, repulsing a charge of the rebel brigade commanded by General Lyon. On the morning of the 28th instant, the enemy having retreated during the night, I was ordered by major-General Rousseau to ascertain the direction the rebels had taken. Accordingly, I moved out on the Elkton pike, from thence across to the Fayetteville pike, then toward Fayetteville, to Bradshaw Creek, and having ascertained positively that Forrest, with his command, had taken the Fayetteville pike, I was ordered to return to Pulaski, which I did on the morning of the 29th instant.

Thus ended the part taken by my troops in the Forrest raid. My command was in the saddle eight days and nights, and marched 230 miles, with frequent skirmishes with the enemy, with a loss of 1 private killed, 2 captains, 3 lieutenants, 8 sergeants, 1 corporal, and 34 privates wounded and 3 privates missing; also demonstrating to the world that there are no braver or better soldiers than Tennesseeans.

I cannot particularize as to gallantry, as both officers and men behaved admirably. I desire to mention the battalion of Tenth Indiana Cavalry. No troops could do better; they are prompt, active, and brave. I mention this to contradict the rumor that the men straggled from the field.

Inclosed I forward the reports* of [Major] G. F. Herriott, commanding battalion Tenth Indiana Cavalry, and Captain William Robbins, commanding Company I, Ninth Indiana Cavalry.

I feel compelled to call the attention of the authorities to the disgraceful surrender of all the block-houses between Elk River and Pulaski. Every one of these houses, with one exception, surrendered without the firing of one piece of artillery by the enemy. At Richland Creek the block-house was surrendered to the enemy's skirmishers. I drove the enemy's skirmish line back, held the bridge over Richland Creek three hours and a half after the negro troops had surrendered the block-house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE SPALDING,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. D. HAZARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 12. Report of Colonel George W. Jackson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry.

PULASKI, September 25, 1864-1 p. m.

I have just received a dispatch from Colonel Lathrop, commanding Sulphur Branch, Ala., in which he says Block-house No. 6, at low

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

