
trestle, was disgracefully surrendered last evening by Second Lieutenant John J. Phifer, One hundred and eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry. One man escaped. Reports he saw a line half a mile long, undoubtedly a heavy force; they advanced along the railroad, destroying the track; were then (6. 30 this a. m.) advancing on him (Lathrop) in heavy force; so pickets reported. Lathrop's dispatch was indorsed by Colonel Spalding, Elk River bridge, 8. 30 this a. m., as follows: "I will move to Sulphur trestle immediately. " Major Lilly reports fighting for the bridge. Have just received a dispatch from Captain Robbins, Elk River, in command there, at 11 this a. m. He reports Forrest moving his force in the direction of Pulaski from Elkton. We have but small force here to hold out against a superior force, but will hold out to the last. Surrender is not in our vocabulary. I have sent my mounted men, thirty in number, with scouts, in the direction of Elkton, to ascertain the truth of Captain Robbins' report.

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 13. Report of Colonel George B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, ON TRANSPORTS,Johnsonville, Tenn., October 14, 1864.

MAJOR: In accordance with Special Orders, No. 156, extract V, headquarters District of WEST Tennessee, September 30, 1864, I embarked with my command (which consisted of the One hundred and thirteenth and One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry, Sixty- first U. S. Colored Infantry, and Company G, Second Missouri Light Artillery) on transports, on the evening of 30th September. Reached Cairo with two of transports about 1 a. m. 2nd of October, the transport Kenton being behind, and embarked at 10 a. m. on the transports City of Pekin and Aurora. Took on forage and coal, according to instructions, and left Cairo for Tennessee River at 12 p. m. 2nd of October. Arrived at Paducah at 11 a. m. of the 3d, remaining there an hour, and left for Johnsonville. Arrived at Johnsonville at 11 a. m. 4th of October, took on board 30,000 rations, and started for Perryville at 2 p. m. ; reached there at 8 p. m. ; anchored in the stream. General Washburn, who was on board, sent a courier from there on the morning of the 5th to communicate with General Hatch; started for Clifton at 3. 40 p. m. ; arrived at Clifton at 7. 15 p. m. ; remained on board until 8 a. m. next morning. The transports were used for crossing cavalry, and, in accordance with General Field Orders, No. 1, headquarters Forces in the Field, Clifton, Tenn., October 6, 1864, I marched my command at 3 o'clock on the Eagle Creek pike; went into camp at Throgmorton's Mills, a distance of nine miles from Clifton, about 8 p. m. Marched at 6 a. m. next morning, the 7th, with Second Iowa Cavalry in our rear, as rear guard; arrived at Creek 48 [Forty- eight-mile Creek] at 3 p. m. ; camped there for the night.

At 10 a. m. of the 8th instant I received a communication from General Washburn to countermarch my command back to Clifton, embark

