
us and landed a couple of shells uncomfortably near. I then withdrew with my men to the arsenal, and after giving them instructions joined you at the fort. At midnight thirty men were selected, and dividing into two squads, placing one in charge of Captain Thomas Buford, I went out with the view of ascertaining the fate of the guns in the redoubts, and proceeding cautiously we found them entirely unmolested in their places and brought them into the fort. Owing to the vigorous fire the enemy received and the decided repulse they retired so hastily as not even to take time to spike them. Thus ended the conflict of Friday, the 10th. Knowing that the attack would be renewed about daylight, if at all, every preparation was made for it, but daylight came and the old flag waved over us still.

On Saturday morning, as early as 5 o'clock, the enemy was discovered on the south side of the river, and at 6 o'clock a flag of truce was seen to approach the wooden bridge. The bearers were met on the other side by Lieutenant Armer and Mr. W. A. Gaines, volunteer aides-de-camp, who blindfolded them and reported them to Captain Mills at the north end of the bridge. They were conducted to my headquarters. I repaired thither from the fort, and the rebel officer announced himself as Adjutant Freeman, of Colonel Giltner's Fourth Kentucky Confederate Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Pryor commanding, and verbally demanded the unconditional surrender of the town and forces. Of course I did not recognize this irregular manner, but, promptly refusing the demand, directed my staff to escort them out of the lines. Everything remained until 8 o'clock, when the enemy were reported in the cemetery, a few of them being visible. I directed Captain Henry Brown, in charge of the gun at the arsenal, to open fire on them, which he did, driving them to safe cover. At 9 o'clock a second flag of truce made its appearance in South Frankfort, and Lieutenant Yoder Brown was dispatched to receive it, with instructions not to allow the bearers to come across the bridge. In connection with Captain Mills I rode to headquarters, and Lieutenant Brown presented the following communication:
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE FORCES,South Frankfort, Ky., June 11, 1864.

COMMANDANT U. S. FORCES, Frankfort, Ky.:

SIR: As commander of the Confederate forces on this side of the river, and under instructions from my superior, I demand the unconditional surrender of your forces, with this statement: That all will be treated as prisoners of war, and private property respected; but if a useless and stubborn resistance is made we will not answer for the consequences in an assault.

I am, sir, respectfully,

M. T. PRYOR,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth Kentucky Cavalry.

This demand I referred to you, as I considered it a question of vital interest to the city and State, and which was returned to me with instructions from His Excellency the Governor that he would not surrender, and that no more white flags must be sent in for the purpose of making such a demand. Under these instructions I made the following reply:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Frankfort, Ky., June 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PRYOR,

Commanding Fourth Kentucky Confederate Cavalry, South Franklin, Ky.:

SIR: Your note demanding the unconditional surrender of the forces under my command at this place has been received. In reply I will say that I will not surrender.

I am, sir, respectfully,

GEO. W. MONROE,

Colonel Twenty-second Kentucky Regiment, Commanding.

