
I am very sorry to have to report the loss of the hour guns of the battery; had the boats not taken fire and been disabled I never should have abandoned them. None of the caissons, and but very few of the horses, had been taken shore.

I cannot close without mentioning Lieutenant-Colonel Foley, Sixty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, who was in command (Colonel Kendrick being quite sick); his conduct was that of a true and brave officer; no one could have done better under the circumstances; also Captain Woodruff and Lieutenant Lytle, of my staff, who were always where they were most needed, and were instrumental in saving a number of men.

Lieutenant Finney, acting assistant quartermaster, ever since the expedition started, has rendered the most efficient service in his department; also Lieutenant Boals, ordnance officer, has not only done the duty devolving o his office, but has been very efficient otherwise.

Attached please find, marked Exhibit B, a list of casualties of the command.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. HOGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

EXHIBIT A.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, ON TRANSPORTS,. 3. October 10, 1864.

I. As soon as the boats land at Eastport the troops will at once disembark, taking with them two days' cooked rations in haversacks and sixty rounds of ammunition; no transportation will be landed.

II. The line of march will be as follows: First, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry; second, Company G, Second Missouri Light Artillery; THIRD, Sixty-first U. S. Colored Infantry; fourth, One hundred and twentieth Illinois Infantry. No straggling will be allowed under my circumstances. Ambulances will be taken perfectly light.

By order of Colonel George B. Hoge, commanding:

[JOHN G. WOODRUFF,]

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXHIBIT B.

Recapitulation. *

Killed. Wounded. Missing. Total.

Troops. 	 Off	 Me	 Of	 Me	 Of	 Me	 Of	 Me	 Agg

 ice	 n	 fi	 n	 fi	 n	 fi	 n	 reg

 rs	 	 ce	 	 ce	 	 ce	 	 ate

 	 	 rs	 	 rs	 	 rs

113th Illinois	 -	 -	 -	 5	 2	 12	 2	 17	 19

Infantry

120th Illinois	 -	 -	 1	 -	 1	 7	 2	 7	 9

Infantry

61st U. S. Colored	 -	 18	 1	 20	 -	 2	 1	 40	 41

Infantry

2nd Missouri	 -	 -	 -	 2	 -	 -	 -	 2	 2

Artillery, Co. G.

Cavalry detachment	 -	 -	 -	 2	 -	 1	 -	 3	 3

Total	 -	 18	 2	 29	 3	 22	 5	 69	 74

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

