
and encamped upon the railroad during the night. At the same time I ordered Colonel Bell to move with his brigade on the right and occupy the eastern part of town. After some severe skirmishing Colonel Bell succeeded in driving the enemy into town, and rested during the night in the position to which he had been ordered. Colonel Kelley was ordered at a still later hour in the night to move round and occupy the southeast part of town, his left resting near the railroad, his right extending toward Colonel Bell's left. General Buford, with General Lyon's brigade, was ordered to remain on the west, his left on the Florence and Athens road, and his right on the Athens and Brown's Ferry road. Colonel Jesse A. Forrest and Lieutenant-Colonel White, who were returning up the road from the duty assigned them the previous night, halted and occupied the ground between the Brown's Ferry road and the railroad. The town, fort, and block-houses were thus invested on the night of the 23d. The next morning Colonel Johnson, who had not previously been placed in position, was ordered to occupy the street leading from the court-house toward Florence.

During the night of the 23rd and the morning of the 24th my artillery had been ordered in position bearing upon the fort. Hudson's battery, commanded by Lieutenant E. S. Walton, was placed northeast of the fort; one section of Morton's battery, commanded by Lieutenant Joe M. Mayson, on the west; the other section of Morton's battery, commanded by Lieutenant J. W. Brown, on the north, all under the command of Captain John W. Morton. About 7 o'clock, everything being in readiness, a general advance was ordered upon the fort and the artillery to open fire upon it. Colonel Bell's brigade, on the east, soon advanced across the railroad in full view of the fort. General Buford, with General Lyon's brigade, was moving forward on the west. Colonel Kelley was ordered to remain in his position, to throw out flankers, and to hold in check the re-enforcements reported to be advancing from the direction of Decatur. While my troops were steadily advancing upon the fort, and the artillery was pouring into it a concentrated fire, I ordered a halt and the artillery to cease firing. Knowing it would cost heavily to storm and capture the enemy's works, and wishing to prevent the effusion of blood that I knew would follow a successful assault, I determined to see if anything could be accomplished by negotiations. Accordingly, I sent Major Strange, of my staff, with a flag of truce, demanding the surrender of the fort and garrison. After much apparent hesitancy, Colonel Campbell refused to make the surrender. I returned to my command determined to renew the assault; but still desiring to spare my men and the massacre of the garrison, I sent another flag requesting an interview with Colonel Campbell at any place he might designate outside of the fort. The interview was granted. I assured Colonel Campbell that for the sake of humanity, I should do everything in my power to prevent a collision, and for that purpose I invited him to examine my troops for himself and judge of my ability to take his works. He accompanied me along my lines, and after witnessing the strength and enthusiasm of my troops he surrendered the fort with its entire garrison. Mean time heavy firing was heard down the road in the direction of Decatur. Dispatches informed me that re- enforcements were endeavoring to cut their way to the beleaguered fort. Colonel Kelley endeavored to intercept them with his brigade. The enemy took position behind a pile of cord wood where the railroad runs through a cut. The Fifteenth Tennessee, Colonel Thomas H. Logwood commanding, with two companies of Forrest's regiment, charged them behind their breast-works, putting them to fLight, killing several

