
Almost every house was perforated with shell, and the dead lay thick along the works of the fort. The fruits of this victory consist, besides the prisoners, of 700 stand of small-arms, 2 pieces artillery, 3 ambulances, 16 wagons, 300 cavalry horses and equipments, medical, quartermaster's, and commissary stores. The trestle-work at this fort was 72 feet high and 300 feet long, and defended by two large block-houses, all of which were consumed by fire, and the prisoners turned over to Colonel Logwood, who started with them to the Tennessee River.

On the morning of the 26th the march toward Pulaski was renewed. With the horses captured at Athens and Sulphur Springs trestle I was now enabled to mount the troops that had been marching with my command on foot and to supply others whose horses had given out. I ordered General Buford to move along the dirt road parallel with the railroad. With the balance of my command I moved to Elkton. General Buford found the block-house at Elk River evacuated, which he destroyed, with the extensive bridge across the river and all the trestle-work on the opposite side. From Elkton I directed my course toward a Government corral at Brown's plantation, toward Pulaski. At this place I found about 2,000 negroes, consisting mostly of old men, women, and children, besides a large amount of commissary stores and medical supplies. General Buford having completed his work at Elk River days' rations, distributing among the troops as much sugar and coffee as they needed. The negroes were all ragged and dirty, and many seemed in absolute want. I ordered them to remove their clothing and bed clothes from the miserable hovels in which they lived and then burnt up this den of wretchedness. Near 200 houses were consumed.

From this corral I proceeded with my command to Richland Creek, six miles south of Pulaski, over which there was a long bridge defended by a block-house. The enemy returned to his works, from which he made a furious assault upon my troops, who were steadily advancing. With a part of my staff I crossed the creek and gained the rear of the enemy, from which point I sent a flag of truce, making the usual demand for surrender, which demand was promptly complied with, and FIFTY more prisoners yielded up their arms.

From Richland Creek I moved a part of my command across to the Pulaski and Elkton pike road, and encamped during the night ten miles from the former place.

On the morning of the 27th I ordered General Buford's DIVISION up the pike road toward Pulaski; Colonel Kelley's brigade and Johnson's command were ordered to advance on the road I had left the previous evening, running nearly parallel with the railroad. Six miles from Pulaski the enemy attacked my advance force and compelled them to fall back. General Buford hurried forward his DIVISION. I sent my escort to the extreme right, where they found the enemy strongly posted, and where seven of my escort were severely wounded in the engagement that occurred. The resistance of the enemy was most obstinate. He contested every inch of ground and grew more stubborn the nearer we approached town, but my troops drove them steadily back. Three miles from Pulaski he made a stand with seeming determination to yield no more ground. Colonel Kelley now occupied the extreme left, Colonel Johnson the center, and General Buford's DIVISION on the right. The engagement was becoming a general one. The enemy threw his right around for the purpose of making an enfilading fire upon my troops who had pushed far into his center. About this

35 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

