
surgeon, shows that in all the engagements my loss was 47 killed, 293 wounded, making a total of 340 killed and wounded.

My troops during the expedition acted with their accustomed gallantry. In camp, on the march, in the battle they exhibited all the traits of the gallant soldier. I take pleasure in commending the steadiness, self-denial, and patriotism with which they bore the hardships and privations incident to such a campaign. General Buford's DIVISION fully sustained that reputation it has so nobly won. General Lyon and Colonel Bell added new laurels to the chaplet which their valor and patriotism has already won. Colonel Johnston, commanding General Roddey's troops, displayed every soldierly virtue. He was prompt in obeying orders. I regret to announce that while gallantly leading his troops he was severely wounded. I take pleasure also in calling the notice of the Government to the conduct of Colonel Kelley, commanding Colonel Rucker's brigade. He displayed all the dash, energy, and gallantry which has so long made him an efficient officer, and justly merits promotion by his Government. The conduct of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse A. Forrest at Athens, Ala., is worthy of mention. While the enemy was attempting to re-enforce the fort, at the head of his splendid regiment, Colonel Forrest made a gallant charge, driving the enemy from his position, but in this charge he received a severe wound in his thigh. The splendid discipline of Colonel James M. Warren's troops, of General Roddey's command, attracted my attention and received my commendation on the field. They moved forward in perfect order and with the steadiness of veteran soldiers. Colonel Warren has few superiors in the service, and is entitled to special mention for his uniform gallantry.

In conclusion, I would return my acknowledgments to my personal staff-Major J. P. Strange, assistant adjutant-general; Major General C. W. Anderson, acting assistant adjutant-general; Colonel R. W. Pitman, assistant inspector-general; Major G. V. Rambaut, [commissary] and [Colonel] M. C. Galloway, aide-de-camp. They cheerfully and promptly executed my orders, and their bearing throughout was highly commendable. My thanks are also due to Captain Thomas Robins and Lieutenant J. N. Davis, attached to my staff, for the efficient service they rendered me during the expedition. They displayed gallantry and alacrity in conveying all orders.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

Major P. ELLIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Selma, Ala.

SEPTEMBER 19-22, 1864. -Expeditions from Natchez to Buck's Ferry (19th-21st) and Farrar's Plantation, Miss. (22d), and skirmishes en route.

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Colonel Loren Kent, Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

No. 2. -Major Mindret Wemple, Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Loren Kent, Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., September 26, 1864. (Received 28th.)

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Vicksburg, Miss.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose, for information of the general commanding, reports of expeditions made from this post, which were successful.

