
Immediately after this the enemy commenced a sharp and rapid fire of musketry upon our forces stationed at the wooden bridge and the arsenal, which was kept up at intervals during the whole day, as late as 5 p. m., when they withdrew, taking the country road to the right of the Louisville pike. Two guns from the fort opened upon them and continued shelling until the enemy had gotten out of sight. The casualties of the day's fight was 1 wounded, Mr. John M. Todd, shot in the hand, at the bridge.

Apprehending no further danger from that quarter, but rather that the enemy would concentrate and attack again on this side of the river, every preparation was made to give him a warm reception, both at the fort and in town. Sunday morning, however, found all quiet, and being satisfied that the siege was abandoned, our little band was permitted to rest, having for forty-eight hours been vigilant and active at the post of duty. About 5 o'clock in the afternoon the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Jordan commanding, arrived, and re-enforced by this fine body of men made me feel that we were saved.

To you, general, and to our worthy Governor, too much praise cannot be awarded for your fearless stand at the outset, and your unflinching determination to defend the city; and to your constant supervision of matters throughout must be attributed in a vast degree the success I am now able to report to you. Being at home on furlough and finding you, once my senior in command of the old Twenty-second Kentucky Infantry, as general commanding the State forces, I accepted the position you were pleased to assign me much more willingly than I would have done under different circumstances.

To those citizens of the town and county, especially to the noble boys of Peak's Mill Precinct, who promptly responded to the call of the commanding officer in the hour of peril and danger, all honor and praise is due. To the gallant youth of the town (for such they were), who so faithfully discharged the duties assigned them, is due the thanks of every loyal citizen. Never did veteran soldiers conduct themselves more nobly than did the little band that defended the capital.

To Captain Sanford Goin, Sergeant Johnson, Mr. Bayliss, of WEST Point, Mr. J. B. Gibson, of Cincinnati, and Captain Henry Brown I am under especial obligations for efficient services in manning the artillery. To General John M. Harlan acknowledgments are rendered for his exceedingly valuable services on frequent occasions.

To my staff, Captain J. M. Mills, acting assistant adjutant- general; Lieuts. J. M. Hewett, Jr., and Yoder Brown, Mr. W. A. Gaines, volunteer aides; and Lieutenant Ramsey, Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, I tender my sincere thanks for the promptness and correct manner with which they delivered orders intrusted to them, and the willingness displayed [by] them to face any danger.

I am, general, very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MONROE,

Colonel Twenty-second Kentucky Infantry, Commanding Forces.

Insp. General D. W. LINDSEY.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Joel F. Asper, One hundred and seventy-first Ohio Infantry.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to headquarters Northern Department a full account of the march of my regiment from Johnson's

