
Numbers 7. - Brigadier General Jacob Ammen, U. S. Army, of skirmishes at Rheatown, Jonesborough, the Watauga River, and Carter's Station.

Numbers 8. - Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee, of skirmish at Greeneville.

Numbers 9. - Brigadier General John Echols, C. S. Army of operations September 30-October 3.

Numbers 10. - Brigadier General Alfred E. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding at Saltville, of operations October 1-8.

Numbers 11. - Brigadier General John S. Williams C. S. Army, of operations October 1-5.

Numbers 12. - Brigadier General John S. Williams, C. S. Army of skirmishers at Kingsport, Rogersville, and Greeneville.

Numbers 13. - Brigadier General George B. Cosby, C. S. Army of operations October 5.

Numbers 14. - Surg. William Jennings, C. S. Army, of wounded prisoners at Saltville.

Numbers 1. Reports of Bvt. Major General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army, commanding District of Kentucky, of skirmishers at Clinch Mountain and Laurel Creek Gap and action at Saltville.

CATLETTSBURG, KY., October 7, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 1. 10 p. m.)

Forcing the enemy from Clinch Mountain and Laurel Gap, after heavy skirmishing, we met the enemy three miles and a half from Saltville on the morning of the 2nd instant, and drove him to his works around the salt-works, where he was strongly intrenched on the bluffs in heavy force, under Echols, Williams, Vaughn, and, it is said, Breckinridge. We at once attacked him and drove him from his works on our left and center, and held him in check on the right, and finally, in spite of artillery and superior numbers, whipped him at every point and forced him back to his main works. In the evening our ammunition gave out, and holding the position taken until night, I withdrew the command in excellent order and spirits. The occupation of the works themselves was only prevented by failure of ammunition. From prisoners I learn the enemy's force was between 6,000 and 8,000, and that Breckinridge was present with 4,000 from Lynchburg. My force amounted to 2,500 engaged. It is certain his force greatly outnumbered us. A detachment sent to Pound Gap forced its way through and drove Prentice with a superior force from his works at Gladeville, capturing several prisoners, a quantity of small-arms, and 1 piece of artillery. Our loss in all is about 350; the enemy more. Report fully by mail. Received on 3rd orders from General Sherman to return.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS,Lexington, Ky., October 10, 1864.

The result of the expedition my be thus stated: We whipped the rebels in every engagement fighting from the Virginia line up to the salt-works, where we had a heavy engagement with from 6,000 to 10,000 rebels, under Breckinridge, Vaughn, Echols, and Williams lasting from morning until night. Our force was 2,500 engaged. We took the enemy's works, overlooking the salt-works, on our left and center, and

