
held them in check on the right, and were only prevented from entering the works by failure of ammunition, and in consequence retreated from the field after night. General Gillem did not come close enough to operate. This was on the 2nd instant. On the morning of the 3rd I received an order from General Sherman to return to Kentucky. I pressed forward and brought the force to Prestonburg, the enemy being too badly crippled to follow in any force. The whole command will arrive here in two or three days, but the men are much fatigued and horses jaded. It will require some days to recuperate them.

Our loss was 350; the enemy more. Some of the outer salt-works were destroyed.

The time of the Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, Thirtieth, Thirty- fifth, Thirty-seventh, Fortieth, Forty-fifth, Forty-seventh, Forty- eighth, Forty-ninth, and FIFTY-second Kentucky has expired or is expiring, materially reducing me force. I can illy spare the Eleventh, Michigan Cavalry, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry, and besides this the Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry. Capron's brigade may be mounted and forwarded if the order regarding the mounting is issued as you promised. Five thousand colored troops from my district have been forwarded to General Butler by order of the Secretary of War, and 1,000 to Rock Island.

I can send by Capron's brigade or any other way you suggest 2,000 horses from my command. Please send order for purchase of as many to remount those dismounted.

I go to Louisville to-morrow.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Numbers 2. Report of Surg. James G. Hatchitt, U. S. Army, Surgeon in Chief, First DIVISION District of Kentucky, of the killed, wounded, and missing in the action at Saltville.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Richland, Va., October 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the killed, wounded, and missing in the action at Saltville.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Richland, Va., October 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the killed, wounded, and missing of this DIVISION on the 2nd instant in the battle of Saltville, Va.:

It is impossible for me to give a correct list of the killed and wounded at present, because the recording surgeons were let on the field with the wounded. It will be furnished as soon as possible.

Command. 	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing.

13th Kentucky Cavalry	 4	 13	 1

35th Kentucky Mounted Infantry	 3	 11	 21

45th Kentucky Mounted Infantry	 -	 2	 -

40th Kentucky Mounted Infantry	 -	 1	 -

26th Kentucky Mounted Infantry	 1	 3	 -

30th Kentucky Mounted Infantry	 5	 2	 -

11th Kentucky Cavalry	 -	 10	 1

37th Kentucky Regiment Mounted	 2	 9	 -

Infantry

39th Kentucky Regiment Mounted	 1	 10	 -

Infantry

12th Regiment Ohio Volunteer	 5	 31	 12

Cavalry

11th Regiment Michigan Cavalry	 11	 61	 16

5th Regiment U. S. Colored	 22	 37	 53

Cavalry

Total	 54	 190	 104

