
I would beg leave to state that the medical staff performed their duty well in this battle, considering the difficult circumstances that surrounded them. I would especially mention for favorable consideration Surgeon Gardner of the Thirtieth Kentucky; Surgeon Woodman, Eleventh Michigan, Assistant Surgeon Haselwood, Thirty- seventh Kentucky and Assistant Surgeon Harper, Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, on account of the extraordinary interest they exhibited in attending to the wounded. Surgeon Woodman, Eleventh Michigan: Surgeon Gardner, Thirtieth Kentucky; Assistant Surgeon Gardner Thirtieth Kentucky; Assistant Surgeon Harper, Thirteenth Kentucky, and Assistant Surgeon Hunt, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, were left upon the field to attend the wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. HATCHITT,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., Surgeon in Chief, First Div., Dist of Ky.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Surg. William H. Gardner, Thirtieth Kentucky Infantry, of the shooting of Union prisoners.

LEXINGTON, KY., October 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was with the command of Brevet Major-General Burbridge in the attack on Saltville, Va., October 2, 1864, and that I was left with the wounded and was captured October 3, and paroled by Major-General Breckinridge.,

I would state that on Monday morning, October 3, there came to our field hospital several armed men, as I believe soldiers in the Confederate service, and took 5 men, privates, wounded (negroes), and shot them.

I would also further state that on Friday evening. October 7, at Emory and Henry College Hospital, Washington County, Va., to which place our wounded had been removed, several armed men entered the said hospital about 10 p. m. and went up into the rooms occupied by the Federal wounded prisoners, and shot 2 of them (negroes) dead in their beds.

I would further state that on Saturday, October 8, at Emory and Henry College Hospital, several armed men wearing the Confederate uniform and, as I believe, soldiers in the Confederate service, entered the same hospital about 4 p. m., overpowered the guard that had been placed there by the surgeon in charge, and went up into the rooms occupied by the Federal wounded prisoners, and shot Lieutenant E. C. Smith Thirteenth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry, dead in his bed, where he lay severely wounded. They at the same time called out for the other Federal officers confined there, particularly Colonel Hansom, Thirty-seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, and Captain Degenfeld, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, swearing that they intended to kill all of them; and I believe that they were only prevented doing so by the exertions of Surgeon Murfree, the surgeon, in charge the steward Mr. Acres, and the other attendants of the hospital. I would also further state that Surgeon Murfree the other surgeons, and the hospital attendants did all in their power even to the risk of their lives to prevent the perpetration of these outrages; and that they assisted in removing Colonel Hansom and Captain Degenfeld, as well as myself, to a place of safety.

