
I would further state that we left about 70 of our wounded prisoners in the said hospital, and that I have been informed that these outrages have been perpetrated on them since we left there. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. GARDNER,

Surgeon, Thirtieth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, MIL. DIST. OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., October 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Brevet Major-General Burbridge, commanding Military District of Kentucky, for his information and with the suggestion that inasmuch as the murders appear to have been committed against the wishes of the Confederate surgeon in charge of the hospital, that a demand be made upon the Confederate Government for the delivery of these murderers for punishment to our Government and in case of refusal that immediate retaliation be enforced upon such Confederate prisoners as we may have in our possession, man for man.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., October 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, for the information of the Secretary of War.

General McLean's suggestions are approved.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General Commanding.

[THIRD indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 7, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS.

Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 4. Itinerary of the First DIVISION, District of Kentucky, commanded by Brigadier General Nathaniel C. McLean, U. S. Army. +

The mounted portion of this DIVISION moved through Mount Sterling to Prestonburg, Ky., on September 15, and from thence up Louisa Fork to Saltville, Va., skirmishing continually on the route with bushwhackers and rebel force.

October 2. - We attacked the fortified position at the Saltville works with 4,200 effective men, consisting of cavalry and mounted infantry, and three sections of mountain ho howitzers, manned by detailed men from infantry regiments. The fight lasted until about 5 p. m., when we

---------------

*Duplicate, dated Flag-of-Truce boat New York, James River, October 18, 1864, addressed to Major Mulford, and signed by William H. Gardner, surgeon, Thirtieth Kentucky Cavalry.

+From returns for September and October, 1864.

---------------

