
withdrew from the place, after considerable loss, and marched all night toward Kentucky. The Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry and Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry joined this expedition with General Burbridge for temporary service, but did not belong to this DIVISION; they both fought well. The colored cavalry regiment was dismounted and behaved well for new troops, and repeatedly charged the earth-works with their guidons flying, but suffered considerable loss.

An official report has been made of the murdering of our colored soldiers who were wounded and made prisoners by the enemy; also, of the murder of Lieutenant Smith, Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, by the guerrilla Champ Ferguson, while on his bed wounded, at Emory General Hospital, Va.

October 17,- The DIVISION returned to Lexington, Ky.

Numbers 5. Itinerary of the Fourth Brigade, commanded by Colonel Robert W. Ratliff, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry. *

September 12. - The brigade, consisting of the Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and the Eleventh Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, was stationed at Point Burnside, Ky., Where they had been ordered to repel and expected attack by Wheeler. About that date the brigade received orders to move immediately to Mount Sterling, Ky.

September 17. - Arrived at that place.

September 20. - In compliance with orders from DIVISION headquarters the brigade moved from Mount Sterling, Ky., in the direction of Saltville, Va.

September 24. - Arrived at Prestonburg. While at that place the Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry was temporarily assigned to the brigade.

September 26. - Left Prestonburg; moved via Piketon and the Louisa Fork of Big Sandy.

September 30. - Arrived at Clinch River Valley in the evening. Nothing of particular interest occurred on the march up to this date, with the exception of two engagements with the guerrillas, in one of which the Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was in advance, and in the other the Eleventh Michigan Cavalry. Both times the enemy were completely routed, and compelled to fall back before the advancing forces.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel James S. Brisbin, Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry, of the part taken by a detachment of the Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry, under the command of Colonel James F. Wade, Sixth U. S. Colored Cavalry, at Saltville.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Lexington, Ky., October 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a report of the operations of a detachment of the Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry during the late operations in Western Virginia against the salt- works.

After the main body of the forces had moved, General Burbridge, commanding district, was informed I had some mounted recruits belonging to the Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry, then organizing at Camp Nelson, and

---------------

*From return for September, 1864.

---------------

