
Island into Kentucky (General Burbridge's district), with an account of the disaster which occurred to it there, together with the condition and situation of the field officers, as well as the situation and condition of the line officers and men since their capture by General Morgan.

About 8 a. m. June 9 instant I received an order for the march of my regiment to Covington, Ky., to report to Brigadier General E. H. Hobson, eight companies being on Johnson's Island on duty. A copy of the order is annexed, marked Exhibit A. My orders issued at once, and preparations were commenced by cooking rations, &amp;c. At 10. 30 o'clock I received a copy of a dispatch from General Heintzelman, and was ordered to march at once. A copy of the dispatch is annexed as Exhibit B. The cooking of the rations ceased, and in one hour and a half the regiment was on the march. It was taken across the bay, loaded, and at 4 p. m. the train started for Cincinnati. At Springfield it was delayed two hours waiting for our baggage and horses, which had been stopped at Urbana with the train containing Twenty-fourth Ohio Battery. I arrived at Cincinnati at 1 p. m. on the 10th. Here I was ordered to report at Colonel Marker's headquarters, which I did. I made requisition for two days' rations and 30,000 rounds of ammunition, crossed the Ohio River, and reported to General Hobson about 4 o'clock of the 10th. In pursuance of orders I placed my command in light marching order; loaded it on the train; also assisted to load over 300 horses. A copy of the written order received by me is annexed and marked Exhibit C. When ready to move I reported in person to General Hobson, and was ordered to move my train at once, proceed to Cynthiana, and await orders. The train moved about 10 p. m. Having heard that a small body of rebels or guerrillas had been seen near the railroad about twenty-five miles up the track, I gave the strictest orders to guard against any surprise, ordering sentinels posted in each car, the men to be ready with guns and accounterments, and all line officers to remain with their commands. We proceeded without interruption to Keller's Bridge, over the Licking River, which is about one mile over the railroad track and two miles by the dirt road from Cynthiana. The bridge had been burned by Morgan's men two or three days before. On Thurs. the One hundred and sixty-eight Regiment Ohio National Guard, Colonel Garis, had been sent up this railroad, dropped in detachments along its line, with five companies under Colonel Garis in Cynthiana. This I had been advised of. The train arrived at Keller's Bridge at 4 o'clock in the morning. I immediately ordered my men out of the cars, had them stack arms on the left of the track, the ground offering a good position for defense. I had details made, and the rations and ammunition unloaded and distributed, and our private horses taken from the train. On getting out I placed a picket, consisting of one company, on duty, on the top of the hill which overlooked the valley and much of the country about. Having taken off our regimental stores, and while the men were putting rations and ammunition into haversacks and cartridge-boxes, I then went to inquire about getting off the Government horses, four car-loads of which were on my train. I went back to the second train, which had followed us closely, and in a short time found Captain Butler, assistant adjutant-general on General Hobson's staff, who directed me to make a detail of 230 men and 10 officers to mount a portion of the horses, and this detail was to get the horses out of the train. I ordered the detail made, and the adjutant set about it. About this time picket-firing had been commenced at the town in our advance. I was also notified by a man from my advance company that a large cavalry force was moving on our right. I

