
SALTVILLE, VA., October 3, 1864.

We whipped the enemy badly here on yesterday, and he has retired in confusion, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands, among them a brigadier-general and a good many officers. There were two or three regiments of negro troops, which were badly cut up. The reserves and detailed men acted splendidly. The enemy's force was about 6,000, as near as we could estimate. We are in hot pursuit.

JNO ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General KEMPER.

Numbers 10. Reports of Brigadier General Alfred E. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding at Saltville, of operations October 1-8.
HEADQUARTERS,Saltville, Va., October 1, 1864-5. p. m.

CAPTAIN: I sent a reliable officer (Colonel James Preston) to the vicinity of Laurel Fork Gap to-day, near where Colonel Giltner encamped last night. The following dispatch, just received from Colonel Robert T. Preston, at McCreedy's Gap, shows the enemy is slowly pushing Colonel Giltner back toward this place:

No doubt is now entertained of a purpose to attack this place. The enemy variously estimated from 4,000 to 8,000 the main force in front of Giltner, but it is reported 2,000 are dismounted and are moving upon us by the Russell road. Nothing yet heard from General Williams. The 300 men ordered here last night have come, in but in a state of perfect insubordination. I have finally succeeded in getting them off to a gap five miles WEST of this place (the Tumbling Creek Gap). Without further re-enforcements we can make but a feeble defense, but will do the best we can. Our men all armed, but ammunition insufficient, particularly caliber . 69. We hope additional troops will arrive before the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. T. STANTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALTVILLE, October 1, 1864.

Colonel Giltner has been compelled to evacuate Laurel Creek Gap this evening and is falling back on this place. Enemy slowly pursuing. Doubtless an attack will be made on this place early to- morrow. If re-enforcements are not sent to-night it will probably be too late.

A. E. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General John ECHOLS,
HEADQUARTERS,Saltville, Va., October 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have just succeeded in getting off to Lynchburg the prisoners, 61 in number including the surgeons and attendants at Emory Hospital, sending 5 wounded Federals to hospital and 2 to

