
Abingdon to be tried for desertion-abandoning the Confederate and joining the Federal service. One is a clear case of desertion from his own admission. We have been catching up some of the Federal stragglers every day since the commanding general left. Colonel Giltner sent in 3, and we have picked up 3 others to-day, and brought in from Laurel Gap and other places 3 wounded negroes and 1 wounded white man.

Your telegram of to-day, ordering the sergeant and six men of Second Tennessee Cavalry, acting as couriers at this post, to report at once to Lieutenant W. H. Moore, at Bristol, Tenn., was received since dark and will be complied with. They will leave at daylight to-morrow morning. I have appointed a board of inspection to estimate the damages to crops and fences committed by troops during their stay at this place. The commissioners entered upon the duty to-day and will finish on Monday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Reports of Brigadier General John S. Williams, C. S. Army, of operations October 1-5.
HEADQUARTERS,&amp;C.,Hendricks', October 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I send you inclosed a note* from Henry Stonestreet, a very reliable scout, whom I send this morning to look after the enemy in the direction of Wheeler's Ford. This force is about forty miles from the force at General Bowen's, and I am midway between them, with my back to Hyter's Gap. Unless I have a stronger force than I now have with me my movement upon the enemy at Bowen's may become perilous, for the force at Wheeler's by following me up would cut me off from all means of crossing to the south side of the Clinch Mountain. This information was received after I wrote to Giltner and you this evening.

Respectfully,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, &c.

Major General John C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department, &c.

Since writing the within a scout sent out by Colonel Giltner has just returned from Louisa Fork, and reports to me that the force of the enemy that came into Tazewell by the Louisa Gap road does not exceed 2,000 men, a large portion of them negroes.

J. S. W.

Have you received my dispatch, written at 4 p. m. to-day, containing copy of my letter to Colonel Giltner, &c.?

J. S. W.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

36 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

