HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE CAVALRY DIVISION,Hendricks', on south side of Clinch Mountain,

October 1, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just learned of your arrival in the department through a note from Captain Hargis, at Hyter's Gap, who also informs me that Generals Duke, Cosby, and Vaughn, with their commands, would be in Abingdon to-night. I inclose a letter* which I had written and sent to Colonel Giltner just before the reception of this intelligence. The movement proposed therein is, of course, subject to your approval. My command is very much weakened by the sending off of Robertson. My fighting force, exclusive of him, does not exceed 1,000 men. My unarmed men left at Abingdon have not yet joined me. I have written several letters to know whether arms have arrived and where Duke and Cosby's brigades, are, but have received no communication whatever on the subject from General Echols. If you think well of the movement and could send me Duke and Cosby, with their commands, it would render success certain, I think. Write me at once, and please order a fresh horse for my courier that he may return before day.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Major General John C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS CONFEDERATE CAVALRY DIVISION,Saltville, October 5, 1864.

GENERAL: My command, with Giltner's brigade, encamped last night in the neighborhood of Liberty Hill, except Generals Cosby and Duke, whom I sent by the New Garden and Elk Garden roads to Abingdon. My horses are entirely broken down. Unless I can rest them for a few days and place shoes on their feet they will be ruined. I have quite a number of men almost naked and barefooted. Could not some clothes be found in the department for immediate use? The enemy retreated with such rapidity that we were unable to intercept him.

I am, general, respectfully, yours, &c.

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General

Major General John C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department, &c.

Numbers 12. Reports of Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, of skirmishes at Kingsport, Rogersville, and Greeneville.

HEADQUARTERS VAUGHN'S CAVALRY COMMAND.

Near Abingdon, October 4, 1864.

MAJOR: I have no certain information in regard to the position of the enemy this side of Zollicoffer, except small scouting parties, and none of them have come as far as Bristol. I have scouts below to ascertain

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

