
the enemy's position. They have not yet reported. Citizens report the enemy fortifying at Zollicoffer. I will have reliable information in regard to enemy's position this evening, and will report at once. I will advance to within a few miles of Bristol to- night. Some of the home guards of my command were fired on yesterday in neighborhood of the Many Sinks. I have sent a scout in that direction to chastise them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. VAUGHN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Please find inclosed note from Mr. Anderson, of Bristol, who is a very reliable man, received since writing above.

J. C. VAUGHN.

[Inclosure.]

BRISTOL, Tuesday, October 4, 1864-10 a. m.

General VAUGHN:

Having opportunity, write a line to say that upon reliable information the enemy's force is at Andy Shell's and Carter's Station. Yesterday evening they came to Zollicoffer and set the railroad bridge on fire in three places; but little damage. They burned the county bridge into the water. They then returned (only nineteen men) to Carter's. They told a citizen there they expected to leave to-day or to-morrow for Greeneville or Bull's Gap, recruit up, and come up again. This corresponds with our news of yesterday. They burned the bridge at Carter's on Monday. If you could send a scout of 100 men, they can pick up squads of fifteen and twenty, as they are foraging over all the lower end of the county. I hope you will all be back in a few days.

Respectfully,

J. R. ANDERSON,

NEAR ZOLLICOFFER, October 5, 1864.

(Via Bristol.)

GENERAL: I am near Zollicoffer with my cavalry. Scouts gone to the front. Enemy in the vicinity of Carter's Station. The force alluded to in your dispatch will enable me to drive them across the river. My artillery moving and near Bristol. Send supplies and infantry force to Zollicoffer.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

General BRECKINRIDGE,

THOMAS' MILL,

Near Zollicoffer, October 5, 1864-2 p. m.

Enemy gone from the Watauga. Major portion gone to Kingsport, if not all. Rumor says that they are going to salt-works. I would suggest that re-enforcements designated for me be stopped at Bristol for the present. Will be able to report facts soon.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE.

