HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.

Near Broylesville, October 11, 1864.

MAJOR: I have moved my command to this place. Brigadier-General Robertson refuses to co-operate, and will move by the way of Warm Springs, &c. to Georgia. I have no information as to any enemy being at the gap but Kirk's battalion of cavalry and some 100-days' men. I shall test the strength of the force at the gap to-morrow. In reference to General Robertson, he says that he has orders to report to General Hood; that he was relieved by you from duty in this department, and will act accordingly. He leaves Jonesborough in four days from to-day, I will report to you promptly my movements,&c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant

JOHN C. VAUGHN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. STODDARD JohnSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR BLUE SPRINGS, October 12, 1864

I met the enemy this morning in Greeneville, whipped them, and am in pursuit. Captured some prisoners; killed and wounded many. Colonel Rowan, of Sixty-second Tennessee, mortally wounded. My loss slight. Captured 2 regimental colors, many horses and arms.

J. C. VAUGHN.

Brigadier-General.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Rheatown, October 12, 1864.

MAJOR: In addition to my dispatch of to-day from near Blue Springs, I beg to state that I attacked the enemy this morning at Greeneville, whipping and routing them and pursuing them to within sight of Bull's Gap killing and wounding some 10 and capturing some 25 others, together with 2 stand of regimental colors, some 75 horses and saddles, and about 50 stand of arms. My casualties, 1 man killed, 2 slightly wounded, and Colonel Rowan, commanding Sixty-second Tennessee mortally, and will die. Finding the enemy re-enforced with fresh troops I have withdrawn my command to the vicinity of Greeneville and this place, it being much fatigued and my horses in need of shoes, &c. I have sent couriers to Colonel Palmer, at Asheville, N. C., requesting him to move across the mountain and act in conjunction with me against the enemy. I regret to say that General Robertson, commanding Williams' force, has positively refused to co-operate with or lend me any aid whatever and the sooner they are ordered from the department the better as they are straggling all over the country, destroying a large quantity of supplies and forage around Jonesborough, in my rear. Permit me again to call your attention to sending me immediately, if they have not already been sent, some arms, saddles, and other equipments, especially pistols, as my brigade has never drawn any pistols (except FIFTY) from the Ordnance Department. My command is absolutely destitute of clothing and blankets, as a great many of my men are with-

