
out blankets, and barefooted. Many of my men have not been paid their salary for fifteen months, and I feel certain that proper estimates and requisitions have been made for funds and other supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. VAUGHN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. STODDARD JohnSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENN.,Wytheville, October 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. VAUGHN.

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL; The 2 flags captured* from the Eighth and Ninth Federal Tennessee Cavalry have been received, together with the communication accompanying them. The major-general commanding desires you to convey to your command his thanks for the gallantry displayed in the action in which they were captured, and his special acknowledgments of the signal valor and daring of Privates Samuel H. Selvidge, Company C, THIRD Tennessee Regiment, and Charles Dent, Company B, SIXTEENTH Tennessee Battalion, in securing the enemy's colors. The flags will be forwarded with the statements sent by you appended, and they will be recommended for promotion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. STODDARD JohnSTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General George B. Cosby, C. S. Army of operations October 5.
HEADQUARTERS,At Hendricks', on road to Hyter's Gap,

October 5, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from General Williams, received this morning, I have moved to this point en route to report at Abingdon to you. I shall move in the morning to Abingdon. The quartermaster has been directed to select a camp about six miles from town. The horses are very much jaded and a great many unserviceable from loss of shoes. I shall halt the command at the camp selected, unless otherwise ordered. The night we reached Charley Smith's General Williams met me there and took command. The retreat was discontinued about six miles beyond Sandy Ridge. The enemy were moving rapidly and could not be forced to halt and form in force to drive back the pursuing party. General Williams I presume has given the details. Your dispatch of the 4th was received this evening.

I am, very respectfully,

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Abingdon.

---------------

*At Greeneville.

---------------

