
Numbers 14. Report of Surg. William Jennings, C. S. Army, of wounded prisoners at Saltville.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Abingdon, Va., October 8, 1864.

SIR: In reply to your note of this morning asking or the number of wounded left in our hands after the affair at Saltville, I have the honor to report that 98 wounded are now in the Emory and Henry Hospital, all that could be found on the field up to Wednesday evening, 5th instant, at about 4 o'clock. I have understood unofficially that Brigadier-General Jackson reports to Surgeon Murfree, in charge of Emory and Henry Hospital, that he will send him some 7 more this evening or to-morrow, making the total near 100.

Very respectfully,

WILL. JENNINGS,

Surgeon and Medical Director in the Field.

Major W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 21-26, 1864. - Expeditions from Vicksburg to Deer Creek, Miss., and skirmishes (22d-23d) near Rolling Fork.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg, including operations to October 11.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Embury, D. Osband, THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Forces.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg, including operations to October 11.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Vicksburg, Miss., September 27, 1864.

At daylight on the morning of the 21st instant 330 men of the THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, under command of Major J. B. Cook, marched from here, crossing the Yazoo near Haynes' Bluff, with orders to beat up the country on Deer Creek as far as Egg Point. they were accompanied by one piece of artillery. On the evening of the same day 350 men of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry embarked from here, with orders to land at Bolivar, about 200 miles above here, and move down Deer Creek to meet the first detachment at Egg Point; the Fifth Illinois was under command of Major H. P. Mumford: the whole under command of Colonel F. D. Osband commanding cavalry forces here. The expedition was successful. Major Cook, on the 22d, attacked the commands of Bradford and Montgomery, numbering 150 men, near Rolling Ford, and pursued them for fifteen miles when they crossed the Sunflower. He occupied their camp at the Helen Johnson place, found there a large

