
met the Fifth Illinois Cavalry at William F. Smith's place, and with them proceeded to Vicksburg by steamer. The detachment of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, 350 men, commanded by Major H. P. Mumford, accompanied by me, proceeded on the night of the 21st of steamer B. J. Adams and barge to Bolivar Landing, reaching that place on the morning of the 23rd at 9 a. m. Disembarking immediately, the command moved in the direction of Deer Creek, met no force of the enemy, but learned that a battery of artillery, supported by infantry and cavalry, was stationed at a point a few miles above, with intentions to fire upon transports. Proceeding through the country, capturing 13 mules and 9 horses, as per memorandum receipts marked B,* they succeeded in taking 3 of the enemy's most important scouts. Me the THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry on the 24th at the Smith place. Returning to the river, which the command reached on the 26th I immediately embarked, and reached this place at 4 p. m. 26th.

The result of the expedition may be summed up as follows: No losses upon our part. We have positive information of a loss of 15 killed on the rebel side, and 1 captain and 8 men taken prisoners. A list of their names is appended, marked C. + We captured 27 horses, 32 mules and about 200 cattle, as per memorandum receipts A and B.

I found the inhabitants anxious for peace and willing to accept it under Federal rule. The State authorities are organizing the exempts under the militia law of the State authorities are organizing the exempts under the militia law of the State, the Bolivar County militia having already served the term of thirty days. The Washington County militia was to be organized on the 24th had my forces not been in the neighborhood. The Issaquena County had not yet been ordered out, but will probably be as soon as the Washington County militia have served their term of thirty days.

Large amounts of corn have been raised by the planters on the entire route of the expedition and also a large quantity of cotton, the number of bales raised varying from 30 to 200 per plantation.

The Yazoo Swamps, under which term this part of the State of MISSISSIPPI is known, cannot be held except by at least 500 cavalry, and would respectfully recommend that no supplies be landed to any one on the east side of the Mississippi, below Yazoo Pass, because they either give voluntarily, or have taken from them by force, at least one-half of all such supplies landed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 26-30, 1864. - Expedition from Natchez, Miss., to Waterproof and Sicily Island, La.

Report of Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Army, commanding at Natchez, Miss.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Natchez, Miss., September 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report informally that the forces which I sent out on Monday morning to Sicily Island, La., and Waterproof under Lieutenant Colonel H. A. McCaleb, Sixth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery,

---------------

*Omitted.

+Not found.

---------------

