
returned this morning without accident or loss, with the following results: 1 rebel flag, 1 rebel colonel, 3 rebel captains, 4 rebel privates, 2 rebel guerrillas, 25 serviceable horses, 100 serviceable mules, 400 fat cattle. If fresh beef is wanted above or below, I can spare 200 animals.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General. Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 28., 1864. - Skirmish near Decatur, Ga.

Report of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Ohio

DECATUR, September 29, 1864.

Your dispatch received. We should have been very glad to have seen you. I have a brigade of infantry out toward Stone Mountain to-day covering a foraging party and making a reconnaissance. A regiment of cavalry accompanies them. An escort for a train had a skirmish yesterday with about 200 rebel cavalry five miles out on the Covington road. The rebels were driven off, losing 3 killed and a few wounded. we had 1 killed and 3 wounded. This is the largest hostile party we have heard of this side of Stone Mountain.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

SEPTEMBER 29-OCTOBER 3, 1864. - Expedition from Vicksburg to Rodney and Fayette, Miss., and skirmish (September 30) at Port Gibson.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. - Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, is U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Embury D. Osband, THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Forces.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Natchez, Miss., October 3, 1864.

On Friday morning last I landed 1,000 cavalry and a battery at Bruinsburg, under Colonel E. D. Osband, THIRD U. S. Cavalry (colored), and at the same time landed 500 colored infantry and two guns, under Colonel Gilchrist, Fiftieth U. S. Infantry (colored) at Rodney. The cavalry advanced immediately to Port Gibson, and then marched from there to Rodney, where they loaded on a transport about 200 head of cattle, a considerable number of mules, about 25 negro men and some few prisoners, which were carried with Colonel Gilchrist's command back to

---------------

*See also Dana's report of October 13, p. 568.

---------------

