
Vicksburg. Colonel Osband then marched via Fayette to this place, where he has just arrived, bringing in a herd of cattle, supposed to number about 600, and quite a large number of mules, besides a few horses, some negro men, and a few prisoners. No body of the enemy was found on the line of march, and nothing heard to indicate that the report made by a scout to Major-General Herron on the 25th ultimo, to the effect that there was at that time, or recently, near Rodney 3,000 cavalry and a regiment of infantry, besides six pieces of artillery, was not incorrect. A few of the enemy's scouts were killed. So soon as Colonel Osband makes a report I will give you more of the details. I now propose to disembark at Fort Adams, at daylight on Wednesday morning, 1,300 cavalry, a battery, and 500 infantry, to push on immediately to Woodville; from there the infantry will return to the transports with such stock &amp;c., as is gathered, whilst the cavalry and artillery will proceed via Centreville, Havard's Ferry, and Kingston to this place. At the time the transports leave here 1,000 infantry and a section of artillery will march to Kingston and Havard's Ferry to seize the crossings of the Homochitto and meet the cavalry. We are getting now quite a large number of beef- cattle, both here and at Vicksburg, and I have ordered that all not required for the use of the garrisons within a limited period shall be sent to the chief commissary at your headquarters for such disposition a the major-general commanding may order.

I regret to say that Colonel Osband, who is a very valuable cavalry officer, makes serious reports of the bad conduct of Lieutenant Earl and his company of scouts, who were permitted to accompany him on this expedition. He will make a report and I will forward it; meanwhile I am compelled, although I had invited Lieutenant Earl to continue on the expedition to revoke the invitation, and must require him not to go in the same direction during its absence.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Natchez, Miss., October 4, 1864.

Herewith I inclose copy of the report of Colonel Osband of his march from Bruinsburg to this place. There were 11 of the enemy killed and 5 captured, 1 of our men being killed and 2 wounded. There certainly has been no such force in the vicinity of Rodney as was reported by the scout to General Herron on the 25th ultimo. I have as prisoner the C. S. cotton agent or the counties of Jefferson, Adams, and Claiborne; also his book which I am making a copy of, with the intention of sending the original to you. I leave for Tunica this evening, where I have concluded to land my cavalry and artillery, instead of at Fort Adams. The infantry will and at Fort Adams. I also send at daylight to-morrow morning 1,000 infantry, under Colonel Farrar, to Havard's Ferry, on the Homochitto.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Asst. Adjt. General, Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi

