
keeping Lieuts. H. Ayers and John L. Jones with me at headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. About this time our communication was interrupted by the enemy getting in our rear, about Big Shanty, cutting our railroad and telegraph lines. It now became necessary to use the signal line over their heads to order re-enforcements from Rome to Allatoona which latter place they now threatened in force. The orders were promptly transmitted and the troops enabled to reach Allatoona in time to save it from falling into the enemy's hands on the 5th instant. Having reached Kenesaw Mountain on this day, communication was established with headquarters Fourth Army Corps and afterward with the forces on Pine Mountain, which station was worked by Lieuts. H. W. Howgate and H. R. Flook. Communication was also established with headquarters Twenty-THIRD Army Corps and with headquarters Army of the Tennessee through Kenesaw Mountain to the headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, within a mile of the mountain and kept for several days. A reconnoitering force being sent to Lost Mountain, I ordered Lieutenant H. W. Howgate to accompany the same. On arriving at the mountain top he established communication with Kenesaw and reported observations made, and sent report of the reconnaissance, made by General Baird. The station on Kenesaw was now worked by Lieutenants Fish and James H. Connelly. Lieutenant T. B. Kelley was ordered to assist in working some of the lines, now six in number. On the 5th instant General Corse having defeated the enemy at Allatoona, on the afternoon of the 6th he sent by signal a partial and brief report of the battle. No other means of communication between sent over this line, and, as I think, in a manner generally satisfactory to the major-general commanding. On the 8th communication with Pine Mountain, headquarters Army of the Tennessee, was broken up in consequence of the troops moving. I ordered Lieutenant H. W. Howgate to open communication from Acworth to Allatoona and Kenesaw Mountain, which was promptly done. On the 9th communication from headquarters Military DIVISION of the MISSISSIPPI to Kenesaw Mountain was broken up. The major-general commanding moved to Allatoona on the 9th instant. I now found that the station at Allatoona was worked alone by Lieutenant J. Q. Adams. Owing to the wooded nature of the country and the rapid movement of the troops nothing of any importance was done until we reached Rome, where on the 13th instant, General Cox was sent out on a reconnaissance and communication was established between his troops by Captain McCreary and Lieutenant H. Ayers, at Rome, then the headquarters of the major-general commanding. Over this line a number of messages passed in the form of reports and orders. As soon as the troops returned at night the line was broken up. Another reconnaissance was also pushed down the east side of the Coosa River on the same day under command of Brigadier-General Corse. With this force I sent Lieutenant H. W. Howgate. He was enabled to make some observations. Our only means of communication with Atlanta was now by telegraph to Allatoona, and from there to Atlanta by signal a distance of about thirty-five miles, until the telegraph line was rebuilt. From this time the officers were employed in making observations and scouting constantly until we arrived at Gaylesville, Ala., when the pursuit after the enemy ended. Here established a line from headquarters Military DIVISION of the MISSISSIPPI to headquarters Army of the Tennessee, some five miles, and also to headquarters Army of the Ohio upon their arrival at Cedar Bluff, on the Coosa, some twelve miles. To effect this I placed a station on a small mountain near by called Potato Hill, from which place the three above-named

