
points could be seen. I instructed Lieutenant H. W. Howgate,. the officer on Potato Hill station, as well as the other officers on the line, that it must positively be a repeating line, and in reference to which I am most happy to state the work done on this line, though limited, was accurately and rapidly performed, and for the manner in which it was performed is due to Lieutenant Howgate who was intrusted with the charge of the intermediate stations. I was here joined by Captain A. S. Cole, who was relieved from duty at Vining's Station by Lieutenant H. H. Burton, who was on duty at Marietta the latter being relieved by Lieutenant J. B. Foraker, a newly detailed officer, who was fully able to take charge of a station alone. Lieutenant James H. Connelly was relieved on Kenesaw Mountain by Lieutenant Weirick, and joined me at the same time. I was also joined at the same time by Lieuts. J. L. Hollopeter and William Quinton, who just returned from leaves of absence. On the 27th day of October the army moved toward Rome, and the lines of communication were broken up. About this time I received orders from Major-General Sherman (a copy of which I send you) relieving Captain A. S. Cole, Lieuts. H. Ayers, H. W. Howgate, John L. Jones, James H. Connelly J. B. Foraker, and Charles H. Messenger, and myself temporarily from duty with the Army of the Cumberland, and ordering them under my charge to report to the major-general commanding. On reporting he gave me verbal orders to take charge of all the signal parties of his command in the coming campaign. I at once set about making preparations to make up a party for Major-General Sherman's army. On the reaching Rome [there was] no need of any signal duty being done. On the 25th I left for Atlanta to personally superintend the necessary preparations for the march.

In closing this report, I deem it but due to the officers and men under my command to say they performed well and faithfully their duty on every occasion, always on the alert, seeking an opportunity to do duty and to make observations. They have held isolated stations with little or no guard in close proximity to the enemy, as was the case with Captain A. S. Cole, and Lieutenant J. B. Foraker, on Vining's station, and afterward on the same station Lieutenant H. H. Burton, and Lieutenant Fish, and James H. Connelly on Kenesaw Mountain station. None of these officers or their men were found wanting when danger stared them in the face.

SAMUEL BACHTELL,

Captain and Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM J. L. NICODEMUS,

Acting Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4. October 2-9 p. m. received a dispatch from Major-General Sherman,of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Atlanta, October 2, 1864.

[General D. S. STANLEY:]

Move your command, with orders for your wagons to follow with ten days' rations to Chattanooga bridge and in the direction of Marietta as far as the rebel intrench-

---------------

*Kept by Lieutenant Colonel Joseph S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff. See explanatory foot-note, Vol. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 839.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

