
ments about Smyrna Camp-Ground. Open communication with General Elliott, who is over toward the Sweet Water and Noye's Creek, and communicate with me promptly any matters of importance by telegraph from the bridge.

W. T. SHERMAN

Major-General.

It is reported that General Hood has crossed two corps of infantry over the Chattahoochee River about twenty miles south of Atlanta, in the vicinity of Newnan, and that he will attempt to pass around our right flank for the purpose of getting on the Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad between Chattahoochee River bridge and Allatoona Mountain, and thus cut off our only line of communication with the rear. This movement is, therefore, to be made to prevent such a catastrophe. Major-General Thomas, commanding Army of the Cumberland, has gone to Tennessee to drive the rebel General Forrest off of the Nashville and Alabama Railroad and the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. He has taken with him one DIVISION of the Fourteenth Corps and the Second DIVISION of this corps. During his absence Major-General Stanley will be in command of such part of the Army of the Cumberland as may be in the field. 10 p. m., sent instructions for DIVISION commanders to move for Chattahoochee River bridge at daylight in the morning; to take ten ammunition wagons with each DIVISION and fifteen ambulances; also, one wagon to accompany each regiment, the supply train to follow the Second DIVISION of the corps, to park for the night on the south side of Chattahoochee bridge and to move to Smyrna Camp-Ground, starting from there at daylight the next morning.

October 3-5 a. m., the corps moving from camp, the First DIVISION, temporarily commanded by Brigadier-General Whitaker, leading, followed by the THIRD DIVISION, temporarily commanded by Colonel Post. 6 a. m., General Stanley called at General Sherman's headquarters. General Sherman told him to move right on to Smyrna Camp-Ground and to get there to-day; that the Army of the Ohio, temporarily commanded by General Cox, would follow and take position on our right, and that the two DIVISIONS of the Fourteenth Corps, near Atlanta, Major-General Davis commanding, would follow and take position on our let, at this place. He further said that General Ransom, commanding Seventeenth Corps, of the Army of the Tennessee, made a reconnaissance yesterday to Fairburn and found that there was one corps of Hood's army on the east side of the Chattahoochee River, between Jonesborough and the river, and that the other two corps had crossed the river. He (Sherman) supposed these two corps were moving around to get on the railroad between Marietta and Allatoona Mountain. General Kilpatrick who is about Sweet Water, was fighting the enemy's cavalry yesterday and he reports that the enemy's infantry was then reported to be about Dark Corner or moving toward Powder Springs. 10 a. m., head of our column arrived at Chattahoochee bridge. Part of General Elliott's cavalry was crossing and our troops halted. Reported to General Sherman that there was nothing new; had heard nothing from Kilpatrick or of the enemy. 10 a. m., received dispatch from General Sherman, stating that had signal messages from Kenesaw Mountain and Allatoona Mountain, and that all is quiet; that General Davis is following the Fourth Corps, and if Elliott can get to Powder Springs and Dallas he may not give General Stanley any more troops, but he wants him (General Stanley) to make the road from Chattahoochee River to Allatoona Mountain and Etowah bridge all secure. 10. 30 a. m. General Sherman sent dispatch stating that he leave it to the option of General Vandever (who is commanding brigade at Mari-

