
that Kilpatrick found the enemy strong barricaded. Citizens say rebel infantry intrenched at Powder Springs. Two deserters from Stewart's corps say they (the enemy) left Lost Mountain yesterday morning for the railroad and Kingston, and that he has sent a command to feel its way to Big Shanty, between Lost Mountain and Kenesaw, and he will follow with his whole command to Dallas or go to Big Shanty, as information gained may make it necessary. General Vandever moving to Kenesaw Mountain from Marietta. 9. 40 a. m., General Vandever reports from Marietta that General Elliott is near by with his force, moving on Big Shanty to attack the enemy. 9. 50 a. m., ordered the corps (Fourth) to make preparations to move at once. 10 a. m., received dispatch from General Sherman at Chattahoochee bridge, saying:

Move to Little Kenesaw and WEST of it, taking a strong position. If you can communicate with Elliott tell him in my name to interpose with his whole cavalry force between Dallas and Allatoona and strike toward any force in the direction of Acworth. General Howard is here and General Cox expected every moment. I will push them forward to-night to Smyrna Camp-Ground. Leave a small brigade there until Howard or Cox arrives to cover your trains and keep communication. I will either be at Smyrna or Marietta to-night. Please answer.

Did not send word to Elliott, as he is doing what General S[herman] wishes him to do. 10. 20 a. m., sent word to General Davis to follow this corps, and to leave a brigade at this point until Howard or Cox arrives. 11 a. m., the column moving on the road that leads to Marietta, the THIRD DIVISION leading, followed by the Second. Ten ammunition wagons and ten ambulances accompany each DIVISION. One wagon for each regiment follows the troops. The artillery follow the troops and precede the ammunition train. 2 p. m., head of column arrived at Little Kenesaw Mountain and commenced to go into line in the abandoned rebel works, Wood's (THIRD) DIVISION on the right, and Whitaker's (First) on left. 4 p. m.,, Davis' two DIVISIONS coming in on our left. From the top of Kenesaw we can see the enemy destroying the road between Big Shanty and Acworth. About one corps of infantry can be seen and two or three [additional] brigades of infantry. 5 p. m., received 3 prisoners from General Elliott, who belong to Lee's corps, of Hood's army. They say that Lee's, Stewart's and Hardee's corps are in our front, and Stewart's corps is tearing up the railroad. General Elliott also reports that his line now extends from the railroad to the Dallas road, with Kilpatrick's DIVISION in reserve to cover his left. 5. 30 p. m.,. telegraphed to General Sherman, at Smyrna Camp-Ground, stating the information gained from prisoners and describing our position. 8 p., m., received dispatches from General Sherman, who says that he will concentrate the whole army at Kenesaw Mountain to-morrow and move upon the enemy wherever he may be found. He further states that Howard (Army of the Tennessee) is at Smyrna Camp-Ground, and Cox (Army of the Ohio) is at Chattahoochee bridge, and Howard and Davis (who has not yet come up here) will go to Kenesaw to-morrow by the Sandtown road. He also directed General Stanley to send word to General Elliott to harass the rebel corps on the railroad as much as possible to-night (such instructions were at once sent to General Elliott), and to build fires on Kenesaw to indicate that a large force is there. He says Hood has left a large force at Campbellton, but that the bulk of his army is in our front. 8 p. m., received second dispatch from General Sherman directing General Stanley to-

Make a feint on Pine Mountain in the morning with a view to prevent an attack on Allatoona, which I wish to avoid. My opinion is they don't want to fight, but want to interrupt our communication.

