
8. 30 p. m,. General Stanley sent telegram to General Sherman stating that he thought the greater part of the enemy is north of the Marietta and Dallas road, and that he thinks he can easily go to Pine Mountain to-morrow.

LITTLE KENESAW MOUNTAIN.

October 5. - 6. 30 a. m,. published order of day. Troops to march at 7 a. m., the First DIVISION, with one battery of artillery, right in front, the THIRD DIVISION left in front. Each DIVISION to take ten ambulances and five ammunition wagons. The object of the march is to make a feint on Pine Top Mountain. 7. 30 a. m., General Sherman called at headquarters and told General Stanley to order up General Davis' two DIVISIONS to connect with his left at or about Pine Top Mountain as soon as he should arrive there (Pine Top about six miles from Little Kenesaw). 8 a. m., General Sherman issued an order putting General Davis' command under command of General Stanley, thus giving General S[tanley] command of the troops of the Army of the Cumberland operating in this movement. 8. 30 a. m. head of column arrived at Wallace's house, about a mile and half from Kenesaw, and here halted, to let the cavalry go ahead, until 10. 30 a. m., 10. 30, left Wallace's house. 11. 45, halted at Jack's house to let the cavalry pass out of our way. At this time General Elliott reports that Hardee's corps is coming from Powder Springs, and that Stewart's and Lee's corps are toward the railroad. 12. 15 p. m., directed General Whitaker to halt his command at this pint (his is the leading DIVISION) and to send a brigade on a reconnaissance, to Pine Top. 12. 30 p. m., dispatched to General Sherman, on Kenesaw, General Elliott's report of rebel movement-the same received at 11. 45 a. m., 12. 30 p. m,. Colonel Bennett's brigade started from Jack's house for Pine Top. 1. 30 p. m., received dispatch from General Sherman as follows:

General STANLEY;

Move to Pine Top; fighting at Allatoona.

1. 35 p. m., received dispatch (signal) from General Sherman, as follows:

General STANLEY:

No news by telegraph from Allatoona. Heavy firing, indicating an assault and repulse. Occasional shots, but now too smoky to see signals. Have you any news of Davis?

1. 35 p. m., dispatched General Sherman that Captain Steele has been sent to put General Davis in position (have not heard from him yet), and asking if the Second DIVISION, Fourth Corps, should be put on Pine Top, and how long shall they remain there. 1. 40 p. m., Colonel Bennett, commanding THIRD Brigade, First DIVISION, reports that his skirmishers and five companies of the Ninth Indiana Infantry now occupy Pine Mountain. 2. 30 p. m., received dispatch from General Sherman, stating that he could see the fields about Lost Mountain, and there is no large force of rebels there, and he (Sherman) directs General Stanley to let his right occupy Pine Hill and his left to connect with Davis (Cox will be on our right), and throw forward pickets on the Sandtown road; to take a strong position and hold it. General Davis is not yet up and has not been heard of to-day. 4 p. m., General Sherman directed General Stanley to put his troops (Of the Fourth Corps) in line of battle in a strong position facing southeast, the right to rest on Pine Top. 7 p. m,. the messenger who went to General Davis this morning just returned.

