
He found him on the march for Marietta, in the rear of the Army of the Tennessee, which has passed him on the march or has cut into his column. Signal dispatch from Allatoona Mountain says the enemy assaulted Allatoona this morning and were repulsed. 8 p. m., General Davis has arrived at Little Kenesaw Mountain, and will go into camp in the same position we left this morning. No orders received to-night.

PINE TOP MOUNTAIN (OR HILL.).

October 6. - 4. a. m., commenced to rain hard. 10 a. m., still raining. Received Special Field Orders, [Numbers 85,] of which following is a copy: *

10 a. m., General Davis' head of column has arrived at Jack's house, and is now going into position, his right joining to General Wood's left. As soon as he gets in position our line (Army of the Cumberland) will be the same indicated in paragraph I, Special Field Orders, Numbers 86, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. 11. 30 a. m., Colonel Suman, with Ninth Indiana Infantry,. sent on reconnaissance near and to the right of Lost Mountain. General Cox is now moving toward Dallas. He will move out four or five miles, if possible, beyond Pine Top on a reconnaissance. 12. 30 p. m,. sent out a regiment from General Davis' command to go toward Lost Mountain, or to the mountain, I possible, on a reconnaissance. 5 p. m,. stationed a brigade of General Davis' corps on the Marietta and Dallas road. 6 p. m,. Colonel Suman's regiment, Ninth Indiana, returned. They reached the summit of Lost Mountain. Soon after they gained it the regiment from the Fourteenth Corps (Davis') also reached the summit. Captain Greenwood, of General Stanley's staff, who went with the latter regiment, saw from the mountain the camp-fires of three rebel corps, one at Mount Hope Church, one at Dallas, and one south of Dallas.

October 7. - 2 a. m,. received note from General Sherman, of which following is a copy:

HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI:

Near Marietta, October 6, 1864

General STANLEY:

I now have definite news of Corse. Allatoona is all safe, but Corse was wounded in the jaw, losing a cheek bone and ear. He says a cavalry force is represented about Stilesborough, threatening the road and Allatoona. I have ordered him to send all he can spare back and have ordered a regiment of Cox's up there. I have ordered Garrard to threaten the road between Dallas and Burnt Hickory; Kilpatrick Powder Springs and the road south of Dallas. I have ordered Cox to send a regiment down toward Dallas, Howard a DIVISION also, and I want you to do the same without artillery or wagons, and to return at night. Let your DIVISION go out to Lost Mountain establish signals, and move cautiously as though intending to attack, but with orders if met in force to work back slowly, drawing the attacking force against your intrenchments. I don't want this DIVISION to go more than five or six miles out and to act with great caution, as though preparing to develop Hood's position with a view to attack. If Hood has left his position about Dallas I will move up to Allatoona or remain here according as he has moved by Burnt Hickory or south to Powder Springs. My first object is to meet him, as well as any cavalry sent against our roads. +

2. 15, a. m,. sent order to General Baird, or Davis' corps, to move his DIVISION at 8 o'clock this morning to Lost Mountain, in accordance with General Sherman's instructions. 8. 30 a. m., General Baird's DIVISION now starting for Lost Mountain. 2 p. m., nothing heard from Baird yet. 5 p. m., General Baird's column returning. His head of column has nearly reached camp. He reports that he arrived at Lost Mountain

---------------

*For full text of orders (here omitted), see Part III.

+For version of this dispatch as recorded in Sherman's letter-book, see Part III.

---------------

