
about 11. 30 to-day and met with no opposition. He then went three miles and a half beyond and found that the enemy that had been near Lost Mountain had gone to Dallas, having left the mountain the day before. Lee's and Stewart's corps were the forces, and they had been in the vicinity of the mountain for three days. A brigade of cavalry left the other side of mountain a short time before Baird arrived there. 5 p. m., received report from General Elliott that Garrard's DIVISION of cavalry was having a skirmish near Dallas. 12 midnight, received dispatch addressed to Major-General Stanley from General Sherman, stating that-

The army will remain in its present until further intelligence of the movements of the enemy are reported by our cavalry, still out.

NEAR PINE TOP MOUNTAIN.

October 8. - Nothing of importance this morning. General Garrard commanding cavalry DIVISION, reports that the enemy is moving toward Cedartown. 1. 30 p. m., General Sherman called at headquarters and verbally directed General Stanley to move the Army of the Cumberland at once toward Acworth or between Acworth and Big Shanty, and to camp at such place to-night; also to leave a part of the force at the latter place to communicate with him (Sherman) at Kenesaw. We will reach Acworth, if possible, 1. 40 p. m., ordered the troops to march at once, the Fourth Corps to lead and the Fourteenth to follow. 2. 15 p. m,. column commenced to march. 6 p. m.,, Fourth Corps arrived within one mile of Acworth and went into camp. About the same time the Fourteenth Corps arrived at Morris' Hill Church, on the Acworth road, about four miles from Acworth and went into camp. Headquarters established at Acworth. 12 p. m., no orders received yet for to-morrow.

ACWORTH, GA.

October 9. - 6 a. m., received Special. Field Orders, [Numbers 87,] of which following is a copy: *

2 p. m., General Garrard reports that the enemy is retreating toward Blue Mountain. remained in camp all day, grazing the animals.

October 10. - 1. 30 p. m., received dispatch from Major-General Sherman, as follows:

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

You will move your command, with trains (but leaving the details working on railroad) at once for Kingston. You will keep marching well into the night, and aim to reach Kingston to-morrow and if you overtake any column find some side road so as to enable you to pass around. The Army of the Tennessee will move close on yours, with similar orders as to marching and time.

2. 15 p. m,., received telegram from General Sherman, stating that General Corse reports the enemy moving up the WEST bank of the Coosa to attack Rome, but he thinks it is not his (enemy's) intention to attack that place. 2. 30 p. m., the head of column has reached Acworth, the Fourth Corps marching through town. The Fourteenth Corps is now marching direct for Allatoona on the Sandtown and Allatoona road. This army is now moving in accordance with orders received from General Sherman at 1. 30 p. m. 2. 45 p. m., telegraph General Sherman

---------------

*For full text of orders (here omitted), see Part III.

---------------

