
of Nashville, he left and moved to this mountainous region to act as a Federal spy; while on the contrary, citizens of the country have informed me that he had represented himself to them as being a deserter from the Union army, and had come among them to aid in carrying on a guerrilla warfare between the two parties; in no instance did he represent himself as being a Union man. Following the capture of the two above-named men, Lieutenant Creasy heard of two guerrillas, and after striking their trail he pursued them o'er hill and dale until finally he was upon them, they being concealed in a house of ill-fame, situated in a most secluded spot on the top of a large bluff. The lieutenant, fearing escape on their part, dashed upon them alone and shot them both before any of his party were on the spot. Much credit is due Lieutenant Creasy for his gallantry in this single contest. The names of the killed are Colonel Pointer and Lieutenant Buford. Four army pistols and three horses were found with them.

The day following our parties united, and I selected the poorest horses and sent them under Lieutenant Orr, with four prisoners, with orders to report at your headquarters, while myself and Lieutenant Creasy, with the remainder, thirty-seven men, continued the scouts. Finding after three days' march my men wearied, and horses also, I deemed it prudent to return to camp.

During the absence of ten days I found abundance of corn and long forage, also subsistence for my men. Perfect order was kept throughout the entire march, and the rights of law-abiding citizens respected by my entire party. I realized trouble by men not supplying themselves with extra horseshoes and nails. With this one exception all was right.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUSS B. DAVIS,

Captain, Tenth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE SPALDING,

Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 4th [Cavalry] Div., Army of the Cumberland.

MAY 4-21, 1864. - Expedition form Vicksburg to Yazoo City, Miss., with skirmishes at Benton (7th and 9th), at Luce's Plantation (13th), and at other points.

REPORTS.

No. 1. - Brigadier General John McArthur, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

No. 2. - Colonel Benjamin Dornblaser, Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.

No. 3. - Major General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commandingDepartment of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

No. 4. - Brigadier General Wirt Adams, C. S. Army, of operations May 9-14.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General John McArthur, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

HEADQUARTERS POST AND DEFENSES, Vicksburg, Miss., May 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Yazoo expedition:

In obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding the district I left Vicksburg, Miss., on the morning of the 4th of May, in

