
The Fourth Corps here went into camp, and the Fourteenth Corps went into camp about two miles in the rear. 10 p. m., received Special Field Orders, [Numbers 99,] of which following is a copy: *

This army marched to-day nineteen miles. Started at 7 a. m., and got to camping-ground at 3 p. m.

ONE MILE NORTH OF GAYLESVILLE, ALA.

October 21. -Nothing of importance occurred to-day. Did not move from camp. Sent out foraging parties. The country has plenty of supplies, enough in reach to last this command two or three weeks.

October 22, 23, 24, 25. -Remained in camp foraging. The enemy is supposed to be at Blue Mountain. A corps (Fifteenth) has started out this evening (October 25) on a reconnaissance south of Coosa River to try and learn the whereabouts of the army.

October 26. -The reconnaissance from the Fifteenth Corps returned this afternoon. Citizens report that the enemy has gone or is going to the Tennessee River, at Gunter's Landing; all that was heard of the enemy. 7. 30 p. m., received Special Field Orders, [Numbers 104,] as follows: *

GAYLESVILLE, ALA.

October 27. -8 a. m., the Fourth Corps left Gaylesville for Alpine, General Wood's DIVISION leading. General Stanley to-day again assumes command of the Fourth Corps, the Fourteenth having been left behind. Head of column arrived at Alpine at 1. 30 p. m., fifteen miles from place of starting this morning. Went into camp at Alpine.

ALPINE, GA.

October 28. -6 a. m., marched for La Fayette, General Whitaker's DIVISION leading. The Second DIVISION of the Fourth Corps joined us at Alpine, it having come down to that place from Chattanooga three days before. 5 p. m., reached La Fayette, twenty miles' march, and went into camp.

LA FAYETTE, GA.

October 29. -6 a. m., troops started for Chattanooga and arrived at Rossville, Tenn., at 4 p. m., where they went into camp. 6. 30 a. m., received near La Fayette a dispatch from General Thomas, who is in Nashville, directed to General Stanley, "Valley Head, up Lookout Valley," and forwarded from Chattanooga by General Steedman, directing the Fourth Corps to march to Stevenson, via Bridgeport, where further orders will be received. As the corps is moving via La Fayette and not Valley Head, we will march directly to Chattanooga as the shortest route and there take cars. 6. 30 [a. m.], orders sent to Brigadier-General Grose, commanding Second Brigade, Second DIVISION, at Valley Head, to march directly to Bridgeport. 6 p. m., received at Chattanooga telegram from Major- General Thomas, at Nashville, directing General Stanley to move the corps along the line of the railroad as far as Bridgeport, and trains from Chattanooga will be sent to pick up the troops on the road, wherever they may be, to carry them to Huntsville or Athens; that the early arrival of the corps at Huntsville is of the utmost importance. Forage and rations can be obtained in Chattanooga.

---------------

* For full text of orders (here omitted), see Part III.

---------------

