
Upon consultation with Mr. Tindall, master of transportation at Chattanooga, it appears that the whole corps can be transported from Chattanooga in railroad cars sooner than to march it along the road and have it picked up. It is, therefore, decided to ship the troop and artillery by rail and to sent the transportation over the dirt roads. 9 p. m., telegraphed General Thomas that Wood's DIVISION will start for Huntsville early to-morrow morning, and the rest of the infantry will be pushed on as rapidly as possible. 9. 30 p. m., received telegram from General Thomas directing General Stanley to see Mr. Tindall, superintendent of railroad at Chattanooga, and make arrangements with him to ship as much of the corps to Athens, Ala., to-morrow as possible, and for the rest of the corps to follow rapidly, and when the corps arrives at Athens to push on to Pulaski, unless it appears that the enemy has not crossed the Tennessee River.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.

October 30. -7 a. m., General Wood's DIVISION (THIRD) left Chattanooga on trains for Athens, 150 cars, taking no transportation or artillery, nothing but officers' horses. The First DIVISION will follow, then the artillery. 11. 45 a. m., received dispatch from General Thomas, saying that the corps will have to march from Athens to Pulaski, as the railroad is not finished between these two points, "but do not move to Pulaski unless you learn that the enemy is moving on that place. " If the enemy has not crossed the river stop at Athens. 2 p. m., corps headquarters starts on a train for Athens. Some of the enemy's cavalry has cut the railroad between Stevenson and Huntsville, about ten miles from the former place. A construction party has gone forward to repair it. This will delay our trains.

ATHENS, ALA.

October 31. -5 a. m., General Wood's DIVISION reaches Athens, and 6 a. m. corps headquarters reaches Athens. 11 a. m., General Stanley received dispatch, of which following is a copy:

NASHVILLE, TENN.

March your command at once to Pulaski. General Croxton reports that the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River above Florence. Make preparations at once for a stubborn defense of Pulaski. Communicate with General Croxton at Shoal Creek, and ascertain if possible the exact position of the enemy.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

11 a. m., received a dispatch from Brigadier-General Granger, at Decatur, Ala., who states that he has just received a dispatch from General Croxton, dated Shoal Creek, October 30, 7 p. m., saying-

The enemy landed his infantry three miles above Florence at 4 p. m. I concentrated all my force in reach and tried to drive him back, but could not. At the same time there was heavy cannonading below Florence, from which I have not heard. I will do what I can to stay their progress. I have sent a dispatch to General Hatch, at Clifton, asking him to move toward Lawrenceburg. I think they will strike from Columbia.

General Granger states that Hood is endeavoring to cross the river with 35,000 infantry and from forty to FIFTY guns. 11. 50 a. m., General Granger telegraphs from Decatur that reliable information has been received that Wheeler, with his whole force, is between Somerville and

