
Decatur, and his advance is now within sight of his pickets. 12. 25 p. m., telegraphed General Thomas that Wood's DIVISION arrived here (Athens) this morning-

They have no transportation or artillery. Have not heard whether the next DIVISION has yet left Chattanooga; will leave orders for them to move to Pulaski as fast as possible; will send the baggage back to Stevenson, and will order the supply train to Decherd or Huntsville, as you think best. Please have rations and ammunition for us at Pulaski. Have ordered the artillery to be shipped last. Had it not better be left?

1 p. m., directed General Grose, by telegraph, who is at Bridgeport, to take the cars at Stevenson and come to this place as quick as possible, then march from here to Pulaski. 1 p. m., telegraphed General Thomas, asking him to send orders to the commissary officer at Stevenson for our supply train, and to give General Steedman instructions for our artillery, which is still at Chattanooga. 1 p. m., General Thomas telegraphed to know whether his telegram directing this corps to march to Pulaski had been received; answered it has, and reply has been telegraphed, &amp;c. 1. 15 p. m., received dispatch from General R. S. Granger, at Decatur, stating that his scout from Brown's Ferry at 9 a. m. reports that the enemy has made his appearance opposite that place and is firing on our pickets. He also heard drums beat. He (Granger) also says that he has a report from a good Union man, which he believes, that Hood's whole army will come up to-morrow (November 1) to try and take Decatur, with the assistance of Wheeler on the south side. Hood was said to be near Courtland last night, and he had up pontoon trains opposite Lamb's Ferry, and be (Granger) thinks a large portion of Hood's force opposite the latter place. 2 p. m., in accordance with General Thomas' order Wood's DIVISION left Athens for Pulaski 6 p. m., reach a point ten miles from Athens. As the troops are much fatigued from our marches of the past few days, and the railroad ride of yesterday and last night, we here go into camp for the night. 8 p. m., the telegraph operator from Athens reaches our camp and reports that our scouts just before he left came into town and said a large force of rebel infantry were approaching Athens on the Florence road, and were only seven miles from the town, and that General Granger had sent orders for the garrison to evacuate the place at 4. 30 p. m., and that the troops at once left on the double-quick. 8. 15 p. m., the railroad trainmaster, just arrived from Athens, states that Hood and his army when he left the town were within two hours' march of it. He left at about 6 p. m. 8. 30 p. m., sent orders to General Wood to throw out his pickets well to-night and to send an alarm-post out on the Athens road and quite a distance from camp; also to march two hours before dayLight, and no to let his men get breakfast until after they cross Elk River, eight miles from their present camp. The rive is very low, and it will have to be forded by the men.

TEN MILES NORTH OF ATHENS, ALA.

November 1. -4 a. m., started for Pulaski, Tenn., with General Wood's DIVISION; forded Elk River, about two feet and a half deep, and arrived at Pulaski at 4 p. m. Made a march during this time of twenty-three miles. It took about two hours to ford Elk River. The telegraph operator reports that he sent several dispatches to General Stanley yesterday afternoon and to-day. These must have been captured by the enemy, as they were sent by couriers to Athens and the couriers did not meet

