
Stevenson. 7. 30 a. m., received note from General Croxton, commanding cavalry brigade, on Shoal Creek, near Tennessee River, dated October 31, 10 p. m., stating that the enemy last night and to-day crossed a large infantry force at and above Florence, and that they are reported to be moving on the Huntsville and Lawrenceburg roads. 7. 40 a. m., received note from General Croxton, dated Shoal Creek bridge, November 1, 4 p. m., stating-

The enemy are in force at Florence, intrenching. They have not yet moved out on either road. I find no cavalry, though Forrest is reported crossing below.

Wood's DIVISION commenced to construct works on the ridges north and northeast of the town this morning. 9 a. m., received dispatch from General Croxton, who says that citizens came out of Florence to-day with passes signed by Major Austin, provost-marshal of Lee's corps, showing that said corps is at Florence. 2. 30 p. m., sent word to General Croxton that General Hatch is here, and he will be sent in any direction that he (Croxton) suggests, with his cavalry. 5. 30 p. m., received dispatch from Major Sinclair, at Stevenson, stating that all of the troops and artillery of this corps had passed Stevenson, and that the head of the supply train had arrived at that place, en route for Pulaski, via Decherd and Fayetteville. 6 p. m., received dispatch from General Wagner, dated Athens, November 2, 9. 30 a. m., stating that he was just about leaving that place for Pulaski. Captured one of Wheeler's spies this afternoon, near Pulaski. He says he left Florence on the evening of the 31st of October, and that at that time a pontoon bridge was laid across the river, and Forrest and Wheeler had crossed 3,000 men over.

November 3. -12. 30 p. m., General Whitaker's DIVISION (First DIVISION, Fourth Corps) reaches Pulaski. It is placed in position on the ridge northeast of the town. 1 p. m., received telegram from General Wagner via Athens. He is three miles north of Athens, and will march for Pulaski to-day. He will leave his camp at about noon, so he telegraphs. Communication has been established to-day with Athens by telegraph. 1. 30 p. m., General Hatch sends word that citizens report that the advance of Forrest's command has reached Lawrenceburg. 2 p. m., General Hatch is directed to send out a cavalry force to Lawrenceburg to discover what is there. 7 p. m., received dispatch from General Croxton, dated Shoal Creek, November 3, 5 p. m., stating that the rebels are reported to be crossing in force at the mouth of Blue Water, ten miles above Shoal Creek bridge, and he does not know whether it is infantry or cavalry, and he suggests that General Hatch move at once on the Lamb's Ferry road. 7. 30 p. m., General Stanley received dispatch from General Thomas. He says-

Keep Hood at Florence until Sunday and you will be all right, as Schofield's corps will be up by that time. I have heard from Croxton, up to yesterday p. m. He reports the enemy still at Florence fortifying.

General Hatch will be directed to move as soon as the regiment which went on a reconnaissance to Lawrenceburg returns and reports what is there.

November 4. -9 a. m., received note from General Croxton at Shoal Creek bridge, stating that the enemy attempted to cross the Tennessee River at the mouth of Blue Water, and they were repulsed. 12. 30 p. m., the regiment sent to Lawrenceburg yesterday afternoon on reconnaissance returned. There is no force of the enemy there; has been none but small squads. 12. 45 p. m., General Hatch directed to move his command to Sugar Creek to morrow (twenty miles from Pulaski on

39 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I.

