
Burbridge was able in a short and decisive fight to completely rout General Morgan's forces so that they were compelled to fly the State in a scattered condition. We beg to be allowed to believe that we have, by our sacrifice, rendered the Government and our own State some service, and ask to have these questions considered fairly, and to be liberally and fairly dealt with by our Government.

I have the honor, captain, to be, your most obedient servant,

J. F. ASPER,

Colonel 171st Regiment Ohio National Guard.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Northern Department, Columbus, Ohio.

[Inclosures.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Johnson'S ISLAND AND SANDUSKY, Numbers 124. Johnson's Island, Ohio, June 9, 1864.

* * * * * *

5. Pursuant to orders from Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Northern Department, Colonel J. F. Asper will immediately prepare so much of his regiment (the One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard) as remains at this post, to move by rail from Sandusky to Covington, Ky., via Cincinnati, and will, at Covington, report to Brigadier General E. H. Hobson for duty. The regiment will take camp and garrison equipage and four days' cooked rations, and be in every way prepared for field services. It will take tents of a new issue from Captain L. M. Brooks, assistant quartermaster. The regiment will be ready to leave this post at 3 o'clock this afternoon, and will turn over to Captain Brooks, assistant quartermaster, and leave it tents and quarters now in use standing, and in as perfect condition as they are now in. Captain L. M. Brooks, assistant quartermaster, will furnish transportation, to be ready at the earliest moment possible.

By command of Colonel Charles W. Hill:

A. N. MEAD,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXHIBIT B.

COLUMBUS, June 8, 1864.

(Received Sandusky, Ohio, 8. 30 a. m. 9th.)

Colonel CHARLES W. HILL,

Commanding Johnson's Island:

Have the One hundred and seventy-first Ohio, Colonel Asper, ready for field service at a moment's notice. The service will be temporary.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXHIBIT C.

COVINGTON, KY., June 10, 1864.

Colonel ASPER,

One hundred and seventy-first Ohio:

Move at once with your regiment on to Cynthiana, on the train. Report in person, or by an officer, when you are about to start.

By order of Brigadier-General Hobson:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

