
the road to Lamb's Ferry), and to form on General Croxton's left. He will take command of all of the cavalry. 1 p. m., received dispatch from General Thomas, saying that he has heard from General Croxton, who reports that he finds the enemy's lines unchanged. They have a large force of infantry and very little cavalry. General Hatch must move at once to Bough's Factory, via Lexington, and he and Croxton must do all they can to hold the enemy in his present position until troops can be concentrated at Pulaski. 6 p. m., General Wagner reports that his DIVISION (Second DIVISION, Fourth Corps) is now in camp within three miles of Pulaski, and he will be in town early in the morning. 8. 30 p. m., General Thomas telegraphs that he wishes General Hatch to proceed to Bough's Factory, where General Croxton will report to him. This will enable Croxton to concentrate his force toward the left. General Hatch can then cover the Florence and Lawrenceburg road and watch the country to the west, while Croxton, with his own and Capron's command (which has just arrived from Nashville), can cover the Florence and Athens road and watch the country up to Lamb's Ferry. This cavalry will then completely cover the road for the passage of wagon trains from Stevenson to Pulaski. 9. 30 p. m., telegraphed General Thomas that General Hatch will go to Lexington to-morrow. Colonel Capron will follow as soon as his horses are shod.

November 5. -9. 30 a. m., received dispatch from General Thomas, directing that if any of General Schofield's troops (Twenty-THIRD Corps) have arrived at Pulaski to send them back to Nashville, as they are to go to Johnsonville. 10 a. m., the telegraph line is cut between this point and Nashville; cut a few moments ago. The trains here will not return until it is known whether the enemy has a force on the railroad. There are two regiments of General Schofield's command here, and they will be detained until the road is open. 10. 30 a. m., received dispatch from General Croxton, stating that-

The first report I received from the mouth of the Blue Water was that the enemy were crossing in force, but learned afterward that several hundred crossed to an island and thence attempted to cross to the shore, but were driven back by the guard at that point. I don't see how I can re-enforce that point at present. General Granger has not relieved the battalion at Lamb's Ferry. Colonel Capron reports that he is in Pulaski. I don't know where General Hatch is. The Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry are at Bough's Factory, on the military road, with instructions to scout well to the right, but I don't rely upon their commander, Lieutenant- Colonel Clift, Fifth Tennessee Cavalry.

This dispatch was addressed to General Thomas and dated November 5, 9 a. m. 4 p. m., issued order for the troops to commence intrenching at 8 o'clock to-morrow, the works to be constructed under supervision of Brigadier General T. J. Wood.

November 6. -8 a. m., received dispatch from General Croxton, addressed to General Thomas, dated Six-Mile Creek, ten miles east of Florence, November 5, 1864, 3. 30 p. m., as follows:

The enemy attacked me in force with infantry and artillery, at 10 a. m., at Shoal Creek, and succeeded in effecting a passage at 2 p. m., by crossing in force below me. Seven men sent by me on the 2nd instant to cut their pontoons found none, but a trestle bridge instead. It was midnight of the 2nd instant when they passed it, and wagons were then crossing to this side. I have directed Colonel Clift, commanding on the military road, not to fall back unless necessary, and then toward Lexington, to which point General Hatch should hurry at once.

On the back of the above dispatch was indorsed-

TEN MILES FROM LEXINGTON.

I opened this, thinking it important. Shall move at once to Lexington.

E. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

