
9. 30 a. m., the telegraph line is still down. A train will start to Nashville at 10 a. m. Captain Moxley, aide-de-camp, will be sent on it to hurry up ammunition from Nashville. Send a dispatch by him to General Thomas, as follows:

PULASKI, TENN., November 6, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

The line is still down, and has been for nearly twenty-four hours. I send Croxton's dispatches with Hatch's indorsements on them, by a staff officer, to be telegraphed from Columbia if possible. Please send me 500 boxes Numbers . 58 caliber ammunition by first train. I will hold this place.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

10 a. m., telegraph wire repaired and is working to Nashville. Sent dispatches to Captain Townsend, ordnance officer, and General Thomas, requesting that 500 boxes of musket ammunition, caliber . 58, be sent to this place by first train. 11. 30 a. m., directed Colonel Capron to send one regiment to Lawrenceburg at once to watch the movements of the enemy, and to retain the rest of his force here for the present. 12 m., General Stanley sent word to General Croxton, as follows:

I am obliged to keep Colonel Capron's command here, excepting a part of it sent this morning to Lawrenceburg. If the enemy advance farther dispute his progress without endangering your command, and fall back to this place, unless the evidence is unmistakable that his march is either on Athens or Columbia, when you will endeavor to get the lead on the road he is traveling. I will have all ready to receive him at this place. As soon as Colonel Capron's command can be spared he will be sent to you.

6 p. m., General Croxton's dispatch, dated Four-Mile Creek, November 6, 6. 30 a. m., received. He says the enemy recrossed Shoal Creek last night. He had communicated with General Hatch, and as soon as Hatch moves down he will occupy the line of Shoal Creek. He further says a prisoner belonging to the THIRD Engineer Regiment, who built their bridge, reports that Lee's corps crossed on Tuesday, and that they have no other force on this side, and they had about a DIVISION in the fight yesterday. 7 p. m., sent directions to General Hatch to again occupy the line of Shoal Creek, and to try and find out where the enemy's pontoon boats are. 11. 30 p. m., received dispatch from General Thomas, saying-

Keep Hatch and Croxton as close to the enemy as they can get and be secure, for instance, on Shoal Creek, that they may get the earliest intelligence of any movements the enemy may undertake.

November 7. -7 a. m., General Croxton dispatched that Johnson's DIVISION, of Lee's corps, is encamped on Shoal Creek, near the bridge, and that General Hatch passed Lexington at 11 a. m. November 6. 4 p. m., received a report from the regiment which was sent on a reconnaissance to Lawrenceburg. Nothing was found there but some few of the enemy's scouts. 5 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated near Bough's Mills, November 6, 8 p. m. He says he found the enemy's pickets on the Lawrenceburg road, three miles north of Bough's Factory, and drove them over Shoal Creek. They belonged to Armstrong's cavalry (said to be 4,000 strong). Found some infantry on south side of the creek; also, three miles lower down, at White's Ford, a DIVISION of infantry. At once sent copy of this dispatch to Major-General Thomas. 6 p. m., a deserter from the enemy came in. He belongs to SIXTEENTH Alabama, Cleburne's DIVISION, Cheatham's corps. Left Florence last Wednesday. He says three corps are across the river in Florence; the last crossed Wednesday morning. The cavalry is all on the other side

