
of the river, he says, watching for Sherman, and the trains were all at Tuscumbia. Jeff. Davis visited the army when below Decatur, and he and General Hood made speeches. Hood said they would plant their flag on the Ohio before they stopped; says they are going to Murfreesborough, via Athens; are waiting for their cavalry to start; also, that they are putting a railroad bridge over the old piers at Florence. 11 p. m., received telegram from General Thomas, in which he suggests that one of Colonel Capron's regiments patrol the railroad from Pulaski to Columbia. He has instructed General Rousseau to patrol it from Columbia toward Nashville. 11. 40 p. m., General Croxton sends dispatch, dated Four-Mile Creek, November 7, 1864, 9 a. m., in which he says his scouts are continually in sight of Shoal Creek, and there are no rebels on this side of it; also that General Hatch is near Bough's Mills and he communicates with him.

November 8. -6 a. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated headquarters First Cavalry DIVISION, near Bough's Mills, November 7, 1864, as follows:

We hold the line taken yesterday at Shoal Creek and Bough's Mills. I have one brigade here and move one brigade down the creek to fill up the gap between my DIVISION and General Croxton, and hold the main Lexington and Florence road. My headquarters will be at Taylor's Springs, that point being more central than the present. If Capron's brigade is at Pulaski it would be well to patrol WEST to Lawrenceburg.

9 a. m., directed Colonel Capron to send scouting parties of FIFTY men each to Columbia, along the railroad, each day; arrange it so that one party may leave here and one leave Columbia each day; the party from here to start to-day; to instruct them to scout well to the WEST of the railroad, and to move principally by moonlight and remain concealed by day, as the guerrillas operate principally after night. 2 p. m., received dispatch from Major-General Thomas, in which he says that he wishes Generals Hatch and Croxton to hold the enemy as long as possible, and should the enemy overpower them and march on Pulaski you (General Stanley)-

Must hold that place; but should he avoid Pulaski and more north, so place your troops as to cover Nashville and strike him on the first favorable opportunity which may be presented. A. J. Smith's troops will begin to arrive soon, and the cavalry from Louisville, where it has been sent to be mounted. We shall then be able to assume the offensive.

5 p. m., sent word to General Hatch to burn every mill in the country if the rebels advance, and preliminary thereto some of the most important ones might be burned now; also, to burn the factories that are furnishing clothing to the enemy. 10. 30 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated headquarters U. S. Cavalry Forces, Taylor's Springs, Ala., November 8, 1864, 9. 30 a. m. He says the enemy's pontoon bridge has not gone away unless carried off by the late rains and rise in the water. He still occupies the line of Shoal Creek. If the enemy does not attack him to-day he will attack along the entire line to-morrow to find out what he has there. 11 p. m., received telegram from General Granger, dated Huntsville, November 8. He says a force of cavalry under Russell, from 300 to 500, left Anderson's Cross-Roads this morning, going toward Fayetteville.

November 9. -7 a. m., sent Colonel Capron information of the movement of the enemy's cavalry toward Fayetteville, as telegraphed by General Granger, and instructed him to send a force of 400 good men to Fayetteville to attack said force and whip it. This force may be making for the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, above Tullahoma,

