
or may expect to cut off some of the corps supply train on way from Winchester to Fayetteville, or it may be this force is gathering supplies in preparation for a larger force to follow. If this is so, the force that is to be sent out from here must burn all of the mills on its line of march; if it is not so, no mills must be burned, as we may wish to use them. 3 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, Ala., November 8, 1864, p. m. He says General Croxton reports-

The river has risen more than two feet on the shoals-enough to make six feet below there. A scout from the other side reports the bulk of Hood's army still on that side.

General Hatch says-

Steam-boat captains say that one inch on the shoals is one foot below. It is scarcely probable that there is a rise of twenty-four feet. I shall attack the entire line of pickets in the morning to learn where the enemy is. I have sent a battalion to the river below Florence to meet boat sent down the river by General Croxton to ascertain the fact relating to the pontoon bridge.

One or two railroad bridges, which were washed away by high water between this place and Nashville on the 7th, are still down and trains cannot come to this point. It will be three days before these bridges are built.

November 10. -7 a. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, November 9, 1864, as follows:

I moved my entire command forward this morning to the four main crossings on Shoal Creek. Found the water had risen during the night and continued to rise so rapidly horses could not ford anywhere. The enemy's pickets were posted at all the fords, mostly cavalry, which were easily driven back. A prisoner from the Sixty- THIRD Virginia reports one corps and one DIVISION of infantry on this side of the Tennessee, with about 2,000 cavalry. The balance of Hood's army on the south bank. I have not heard from the party in boats sent last night to cut Hood's pontoons or the detachment sent around the enemy's left flank to pick them up.

4 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, November 10, 5 a. m., stating that a scout just in from below Florence, on Tennessee River, reports that-

One corps of infantry and Roddey's cavalry are at Florence. The other two corps occupy Tuscumbia and Iuka. No troops at Eastport and he believes none at Corinth. All of the streams are high and the Tennessee River rising rapidly. As soon as Shoal Creek and Cypress admit of crossing I will push in their pickets and try to camp near the enemy's command.

5 p. m., Colonel Spalding reports that the scouting party sent to Lynnville, Tenn., has returned. It burned four dwellings and several vacated houses which the guerrillas occupied at night. Since these houses have been burned the telegraph wire between this place and Nashville has not been molested. The citizens of Lynnville were assembled and told that if the wires or railroad are again disturbed the remainder of the town will be burned.

November 11. -Nothing of importance occurred to-day. 11 p. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, November 11, 4. 30 p. m., stating-

Wishing to ascertain if the enemy were in force on the opposite bank of Shoal Creek I attacked the enemy this morning at five points, on three roads, driving the enemy's cavalry and infantry pickets into their infantry camps. Learn the enemy is still in force on this side of the river on the Waynesborough and Florence road. Pushed the enemy as far south as Wilson's Cross-Roads. Shoal Creek continues high; we crossed with great difficulty. I cannot learn that the enemy's pontoons have been carried away by high water-think it possible.

November 12,-11 p. m., received from Major Tompkins, who went on a scout to Clifton, dispatch stating that 1,000 of Forrest's men passed

