
through Waynesborough Thursday afternoon, moving in the direction of Columbia. Morris' brigade (rebel) was in Waynesborough yesterday. Citizens state that Forrest was crossing his main force above Clifton. Sent dispatch to General Thomas this evening, stating that we have but two days' rations on hand, and wishing to know how soon the railroad will be repaired so that trains may run, &amp;c. Nothing else of importance to-day. No news from General Hatch.

November 13. -9 a. m., received dispatch from General Hatch, dated Taylor's Springs, November 12, 9 p. m., as follows:

No change in our front with the exception that the enemy have drawn their pickets in somewhat. A deserter reports the enemy are coming out in the morning to attack us. This he heard an officer say. If they come out to-morrow I shall not look upon the movement as an advance of Hood's army. It would not surprise me if a movement of the kind was to cover a crossing to the south bank of the Tennessee. If Hood was to advance, his camping-ground ought to have been Shoal Creek for forage, and obtain facilities the stream affords.

3 p. m., received dispatch from Major Tompkins, who went on a scout, dated Lawrenceburg, November 13. He says that he went within eight miles of Waynesborough. Struck the rebel scouts, but learning that a brigade of rebel cavalry was in the place he fell back to Lawrenceburg. There is no forage between the latter place and Waynesborough. Citizens report the enemy hauling corn from WEST of Waynesborough to Florence. They are also hunting tanneries and leather. 9 p. m., General Schofield, with part of the Twenty-THIRD Corps, arrived at Pulaski by railroad. The rest of said corps on the way here.

Numbers 5. Report of Bvt. Major General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps since the 8th of September, when it went into camp at White Hall, near Atlanta, Ga. This report will describe the movements of the corps during our operations against Hood's forces in his efforts to draw the army from Atlanta by destroying our communications with Chattanooga and Nashville, and will also contain a complete record of the march from Kingston, Ga., to this place, the number of miles marched and amount of railroad destroyed, the number of animals captured and amount of subsistence obtained from the country, and such other statistical matter as the general commanding desires will be given as near as possible:

The corps remained in its camp at White Hall, Ga., resting from the effects of the long and arduous campaign which ended in the taking of Atlanta until the 29th of September, on which day, at an early hour, General Morgan's DIVISION (Second) left by railroad for Chattanooga and Huntsville to operate against Forrest's forces, then threatening our communications in the vicinity of Decatur and Athens, Ala. The other two DIVISIONS remained in camp, holding themselves in readiness to move against Hood as soon as the object of the movement he was then making on our right flank could be determined.

On the 3rd of October, in obedience to instructions from the headquarters of the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, following the

