
Fourth Corps, my command reached the Chattahoochee River at the railroad crossing at night-fall, but, owing to the rain and high water, the bridges became very insecure, and the crossing was not accomplished until the next morning. The troops only marched as far as Nickajack, and went into camp to await the arrival of the wagons detained at the river by the crossing of General Howard's troops. The 5th the corps marched to connect with the Fourth Corps near Kenesaw Mountain, but, owing to its being on the flank and having to take indirect roads, and other troops and trains crossing its line of march, our progress was much impeded, and it did not connect, as desired, until the morning of the 6th, notwithstanding the troops marched until late at night, when it took position on the left of the Fourth Corps at Jack's house, near Pine Mountain. The following two days the rain fell in heavy showers, causing the roads to become almost impassable. The troops remained in camp awaiting orders. Many officers and men availed themselves of the opportunity here presented to visit the different battle-grounds and cherished graves of their fallen comrades. The news of the gallant defense of Allatoona Pass by General Corse and his command was received and announced to the troops amid great enthusiasm. During the afternoon of the 8th the corps moved its camp, in compliance with orders from Major-General Stanley, commanding the Fourth and Fourteenth Corps, and went into camp at Morris' Hill Church, where, awaiting orders, it remained until 3 p. m. the 10th, when the march was resumed and continued on the main road leading through the Allatoona Pass to the Utah River. This point was reached by the advance of the column, after a fatiguing night's march, at 1 o'clock in the morning. October 11, the march was resumed at 7 a. m., and the troops went into camp one mile beyond Kingston at sunset. On the morning of the 12th the whole army marched for Rome. The Fourteenth Corps, followed by the Fourth Corps, moved by the way of Woodlands and went into camp at Hume's Mill, three miles from Rome. On the following evening the whole army commenced its movement upon Resaca, taking the main road leading to that place through Calhoun, following the Fourth Corps; the Fourteenth Corps went into camp on the south bank of the Oostenaula, at Resaca. At dawn on the morning of the 15th the corps moved in co-operation with the Fourth Corps in turning the enemy's position at Snake Creek Gap. On reaching Redwine's Cove it was ascertained that no trains could possibly be taken over the mountain in this direction, and they were ordered to remain behind. The ascent was commenced late in the evening, and the summit reached several hours after dark, when the troops bivouacked the remainder of the night on the mountain. On the 16th moved at daylight and passed down the mountain into the gap a short distance in advance of the Fourth Corps; and after passing into the level country beyond, by cutting a road to the side of the main one, was enabled to march the infantry abreast of the Fifteenth Corps until the head of the column reached Dick's Gap and went into camp. During the 17th the corps remained in camp, but marched early on the morning of the 18th through Mattox's Gap, in Taylor's Ridge, in the direction of Summerville, and went into camp four miles north of Penn's Ford, on the Chattooga River. On the 19th marched for Summerville, and after much delay, in consequence of coming in contact with other troops, did not get into camp at that place until late in the evening, though the day's march was but a short one. Starting at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 20th, and passing through Melville, the corps went into camp at Gaylesville a little after dark, making a march of twenty

