
miles. During the intervening days between the 20th and 28th the corps remained in its camp at Gaylesville. At this place ample subsistence for the troops was found in the surrounding country, and the whole command was abundantly supplied by sending foraging parties out daily to collect it. On the 24th General Morgan's DIVISION rejoined the corps from its expedition against Forrest. (For a history of the movements of this DIVISION during this period, I wish respectfully to refer the general commanding to General Morgan's report.) On the evening of the 28th, preparat to Rome, Morgan's and Carlin's DIVISIONS, with the trains, crossed the Chattooga River on a bridge erected by Colonel Gleason, commanding brigade THIRD DIVISION, near the town, and on the following morning, the 29th, the whole corps marched for that place during the evening and following morning and went into camp on the north bank of the Oostenaula River. October 30 and 31, the troops remained in camp on De Soto Hill, awaiting orders, without change of position, except the movement of my trains to Kingston under escort of a part of General Morgan's DIVISION. On the 1st of November the whole of General Morgan's DIVISION marched and went into camp at Kingston, and was joined by the remainder of the corps on the [2d] of November, where it remained prosecuting its preparations for the grand campaign through Georgia, just closed in the capture of Savannah. While at Kingston all surplus baggage of every description was sent to the rear, and absent officers and men were ordered to rejoin their commands. I regret to report that many failed to comply with this order. November 8, General Morgan's DIVISION marched to Cartersville and relieved a portion of the Fifteenth Corps at that place. Cartersville had been designated as the point to which a part of the supplies to the Fourteenth Corps should be landed, and all trains with the command were ordered there and loaded by the 12tg of which the whole corps evacuating Kingston had concentrated. The work of destroying the railroad from the Utah River to Big Shanty was assigned to the Fourteenth Corps, and early on the morning of the 13th it was commenced. The march and complete destruction of the track was accomplished by 11 o'clock at night. The whole corps moved early the next morning from its camp in the vicinity of Acworth and Big Shanty, and camped at the Chattahoochee River. *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Chief of Staff, Left Wing.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General William P. Carlin, U. S. Army, commanding First DIVISION.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 6, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following operations of this DIVISION during the period between the capture of Atlanta and the capture of Savannah:

Entering Atlanta on the 8th to September, the DIVISION consisted of the following organizations, viz, the First Brigade, Colonel M. C. Taylor,

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

