
Fifteenth Kentucky Volunteers, commanding; the Second Brigade, Major J. R. Edie, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding; the THIRD Brigade, Colonel M. F. Moore, Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding, and Battery C, First Illinois Artillery, Captain Prescott commanding. During the month of September the following- named regiments were detached from the DIVISION or mustered out of service: The First Wisconsin, Tenth Wisconsin, and Fifteenth Kentucky. The entire Second Brigade was detached about the last of September and ordered to Lookout Mountain. On the 3rd of October I commenced the campaign against the rebel army under Hood, who had gone to our rear and was operating on our communications. The march was continued daily, via Marietta, Kenesaw Mountain, Allatoona, Kingston, Rome, Resaca, Snake Creek Gap, Ship's Gap, Summerville, and Chattoogaville, to Gaylesville, Ala., where we remained from October 21 to October 28, during which the troops and animals were subsisted almost exclusively by foraging on the country. At Gaylesville the THIRD Brigade was sent out to search for one Gatewood and his band of guerrillas, but Colonel Hambright, confining himself altogether to the main roads, failed to accomplish any useful result. On the 28th we set out for Rome, and arrived there on the 29th; here the Thirteenth Michigan Volunteers joined the DIVISION. November 2, we marched to Kingston, where, in a few days, the troops received pay and clothing; here, also, the Twenty-first Michigan Volunteers joined the DIVISION. On the 12th of November we left Kingston for Cartersville, where we arrived that night. On the 13th I resumed the march southward, and at Acworth commenced destroying the railroad, which was continued to Big Shanty, 5 miles, where we camped for the night. *

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Harrison C. Hobart, Twenty-first Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters First DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, dated December 28, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the fall of Atlanta, Ga., to the capture of Savannah, Ga.:

From the fall of Atlanta until the 8th day of November, 1864, this brigade was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hapeman, One hundred and fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, whom I relieved at Kingston, Ga., by order of General Carlin. The operations of the command during this period consisted of a series of marches after the rebel army under General Hood through Northwestern Georgia to the border of Alabama. The following statements show the principal points arrived

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

