
at during these marches: On the 3rd day of October the brigade marched with the DIVISION from Atlanta, and on the night of the 5th it bivouacked near Marietta. On the morning of the 6th we again resumed the march, and passing Kenesaw Mountain, leaving Big Shanty and Acworth on the right, we crossed the Allatoona Mountain, the Utah River, and arrived at Rome, Ga., on the 13th. From Rome the command marched to Gaylesville, Ala., passing through Resaca, Snake Creek Gap, Ship's Gap, and Summerville. At Gaylesville the troops remained in camp for several days and were subsisted almost entirely on the potatoes, chickens, cattle, sheep, &amp;c., which were gathered from the surrounding country. From Gaylesville, on the 28th, the command marched back to Rome, Ga., where it arrived on the 29th. Here the troops received payment to include the 31st day of August, 1864. On the morning of the 2nd of November, 1864, the brigade marched from Rome to Kingston, where it remained until the 12th. At this place, by order of General Carlin, I assumed command of the brigade on the 8th of November. On the 12th day of November by brigade marched from Kingston to Cartersville. The following morning I crossed the Utah, marched through Allatoona Pass and Acworth, destroyed two miles of railroad, and camped my troops at Big Shanty. From Big Shanty I marched to Atlanta and camped my command about one mile east of the city. *

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HOBART,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain G. W. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Miles, Seventy- ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 31, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received, dated headquarters First DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864, I beg leave to make the following report of the operations of this command from the fall of Atlanta up to and embracing the fall of Savannah, Ga.:

After the fall of Atlanta the brigade went into camp at White Hall, near Atlanta, and was engaged during the time we remained there doing regular garrison and picket duty. October 3, 1864, the brigade composed of the Twenty-first, Sixty-ninth, and Seventy- fourth Ohio, Thirty-eighth Indiana, and Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, was ordered to march with the DIVISION to the rear, as the rebel army was threatening our line of communications; camped night of the 3rd on north side of Chattahoochee River. 4th and 5th, marched to Marietta, and camped near Kenesaw Mountain, where we remained until the evening of the 8th. The Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania was ordered to report to Captain Swift, superintendent of repairs on railroad, the

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

