
morning of October 7, and did not again report to the command until November 13. October 8, marched within a short distance of Acworth, where we remained until the evening of the 10th, when we started for Kingston, arriving there the 11th, and from there went to Rome the 12th. The evening of the 13th we again resumed the march, arriving at Resaca the 14th. October 15, marched to foot of Rocky Face Ridge, and 16th crossed over the ridge into Snake Creek Gap and Taylor's Ridge into the Chattooga Valley, marching down the valley through Summerville, and went into camp at Gaylesville, Ala., where we remained until the 24th, when orders were received to scout through the mountains in direction of Coosaville and Dirt Town, after a band of guerrillas under one Gatewood, and after scouting through the country mentioned and finding no enemy, returned to camp the 27th. October 28 and 29, marched to Rome, where the brigade was paid off. November 1, the Thirteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry was temporarily assigned to the brigade. November 2, marched to Kingston, where we remained until November 12, when orders were received to march in direction of Atlanta. Near Big Shanty the brigade was engaged several hours destroying railroad. At Marietta, the 13th of November, the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry rejoined the command. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MILES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. W. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain James H. Low, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VET. VOL. INFTY.,Near Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry during the fall campaign, from the fall of Atlanta, and its participation in the march to circumvent the movements of the enemy under General Hood, its termination, the return to Atlanta, and the march from that place through Georgia, the operations before Savannah, ending in the evacuation of same by the enemy, and occupation by our forces December 21, 1864:

October 3, the regiment moved from Atlanta, where it had remained in camp since September 6 to participate as part of the THIRD Brigade. First DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps (Colonel H. A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry, commanding), in the march against the enemy, who was moving northward, threatening communications. During march passed through Marietta, crossed Utah River, passed through Kingston, marching to near Rome, occupying time till the 13th in march to this place. From thence, on the 14th, marched to Resaca, passed though Snake Creek Gap in pursuit of enemy. October 15, taking road to Summerville, arriving there on the 20th. On the

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

