
EXHIBIT E. *

LEXINGTON, June 14, 1864.

(Received 15th.)

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON:

The general commanding considers no officers and men prisoners of war except such as Morgan retained and took off with him, and directs that you and your staff report here for duty as soon as practicable, and that the three rebel officers be held as prisoners.

J. BATES DICKSON.

LEXINGTON, June 15, 1864.

(Received 16th.)

General E. H. HOBSON:

The general commanding directs that yourself and staff and Lieutenant J. W. Arnett, FIFTY-second Kentucky, come here via Louisville, and bring with you the rebel officers and private as prisoners of war. The Ohio 100-days' officers had better go to Cincinnati.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXHIBIT F.

NEAR CLAYSVILLE, KY., June 12, 1864.

We, the undersigned officers of the Army of the United States, having been captured by Brigadier General John H. Morgan, of the C. S. Army, do hereby give our parole of honor not to engage in military service against the Confederate States until duly exchanged for officers of equal rank.

Witness:

B. H. ALLEN,

Inspector-General, Morgan's Cavalry.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Richard O. Swindler, One hundred and seventy-first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 171ST REGIMENT Ohio NATIONAL GUARD,Cincinnati, June 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the detachment of the One hundred and seventy-first Regiment Ohio National Guard, consisting of all the companies except Companies E and K, and containing about 500 men, left Covington, pursuant to order from department headquarters, on the evening of the 10th instant, under command of Colonel J. F. Asper, for Cynthiana, at which place the detachment arrived on the morning of the 11th at 3 o'clock, or rather at Keller's Bridge, which had been burned, and is some mile and a half north of Cynthiana. Between 4 and 5 o'clock sharp firing was heard from the direction of Cynthiana, which continuing for some time, the command at Keller's Bridge was formed, under direction of Colonel Asper, and very soon after the enemy was seen approaching in some force mounted, and were fired upon, and

---------------

*For Exhibit D, see p. 36.

---------------

