
21st marched to Gaylesville, Ala. On the 24th the regiment, with brigade, was sent to scour adjacent country in search of guerrilla bands infesting same, returning to Gaylesville October 27, not having seen any enemy. October 28, resumed march, taking road to Rome, arriving at same October 29. November 2, marched to Kingston, remaining here till the 12th, when the march for Atlanta was commenced. On the 13th passed through Cartersville, crossed Utah River, and assisted in destroying railroad between river and Big Shanty; passed through Marietta, crossed Chattahoochee River, arriving at Atlanta November 15.

During the march nothing occurred worthy of special mention, save that which has already been noticed. In the absence of any data I have necessarily been brief in this portion of the report, as the command for the greater portion of this time was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel D. F. Griffin, the command devolving upon me November 10. *

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. H. LOW,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-eighth Indiana Veteran Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant L. G. BODIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding Second DIVISION.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with circular from corps headquarters, dated December 28, 1864, I have the honor of submitting the following report of the operations of my DIVISION from the fall of Atlanta to that of Savannah:

September 3, my DIVISION was in position at Jonesborough, remaining there until the 7th, when the First and Second Brigades broke camp and moved to White Hall (the THIRD Brigade having previously moved to Atlanta with prisoners ad the wounded of the DIVISION). Arrived at White Hall on the 9th, and established camps there; distance marched, twenty miles. remained in this camp until the 28. During this time the officers of the command were busily engaged in bringing up back reports, reclothing the men, and preparing the command for another campaign. September 28, received orders from corps headquarters to be prepared to move with my command by rail to Chattanooga, with four days' rations in haversacks, not to break up camp, leaving in it all convalescent men, train, camp and garrison equipage. In compliance with this order the First Brigade embarked same evening, and the Second and THIRD Brigades and battery on the 29th, arriving at Chattanooga at 3. 30 p. m. on the 30th. By direct orders from Major-General Thomas left Chattanooga by rail October 1, at 5. 30 a. m., for Stevenson, Ala., and by subsequent order to Huntsville, arriving there at 8 p. m. The track had been destroyed about twelve miles from Stevenson and again about four miles this side of Huntsville. October 2,

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

