
moved at 6 a. m., and marching sixteen miles, bivouacked at Doherty's plantation, on Broomtown Valley road. October 22, moved at 6 a. m., marching eight miles, bivouacked at Gaylesville, and in accordance with orders from General Schofield reported to corps headquarters and joined the First and THIRD DIVISIONS, thus closing a short but active campaign.

My thanks are due and cheerfully awarded to my command for energy, good conduct, and good nature. Starting without tents or a single wagon, almost without a charge of clothing, raining almost constantly for the first week, fording rivers and deep creeks, many of the men barefooted, was certainly trying, but all these disadvantages were met with a cheerfulness and promptness that were admirable.

October 24, 25, 26, and 27, remained at Gaylesville. October 28, at 2 p. m. crossed the Chattooga River and moved out on the Rome road, marching eight miles and bivouacked at State Line. October 29, marched to Rome, sixteen miles, remaining there the 30th and 31st. November 1, marched to Kingston, sixteen miles, remaining there the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th. November 8, left camp at 7 a. m., and marched to Cartersville, eleven miles, remaining there during the 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th. November 13, marched at daylight to Acworth, thirteen miles, destroying the railroad from the Utah River to Allatoona Creek, eight miles. *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second DIVISION.

[Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White Hall, Ga., September 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move immediately upon an expedition down the railroad to the rear, carrying four days' cooked rations and as much ammunition as practicable upon the persons of the men. You will leave all transportation behind, and detach a sufficient portion of your staff to take care of your camps an property left behind. The men will, of course, carry their knapsacks and shelter- tents and the necessary cooking utensils required for a short expedition. Field officers will take their horses. The expedition will leave here by rail on the reception of further orders. You will immediately report the earliest movement at which you can be ready to take the cars.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

