
K.

NASHVILLE, October 12 [11?], 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN:

The major-general commanding directs that you get your things in readiness to move your command, without any delay, to Chattanooga as soon as possible after transportation reaches you. Transportation has been ordered to Athens for you. Start as soon as possible after its arrival. Report your receipt of this telegram, and also time of starting for Chattanooga.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

L.

NASHVILLE, October 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General MORGAN, Athens:

Transportation has been ordered for you this morning to take your command from Athens. I thought that the dispatch would have certainly reached you before the time of sending yours of this a. m. If you have reached Huntsville you can wait there for the cars, and if any of your command are left back at Athens can be sent up on the railroad. Your whole command goes to Chattanooga.

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

M.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, October 7, 1864-9. 15 a. m.

Brigadier-General MORGAN, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: I am now twelve miles north of Florence on the military road on my way to Florence. I this morning sent telegram to Pulaski, to be forwarded to General Thomas, proposing a future movement of the whole command (yours and mine), to which I shall have a reply to morrow morning by 9 o'clock. You should remain with your command below Florence, where supplies may be easily obtained in the country, till the reply of General Thomas is received. I am satisfied that a large portion of Forrest's forces are still this side of the Tennessee River, and think your presence and aid necessary to their capture or destruction. You will, therefore, please your command at once below Florence, to a point to be designated when you reach that town. When you receive this please answer by the bearer and say what time you will reach Florence.

I am, very respectfully,

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, Commanding.

N.

OCTOBER 8, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Florence:

GENERAL: I am out with my forces on the reserve road, or road to Colbert's Ferry, and am at Sampson's plantation, about eight miles from Florence.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General, Commanding.

40 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I.

