
hear nothing definite of Forrest's movements. A scout taken prisoner yesterday reports Forrest's command in the neighborhood of Lawrenceburg on the 2d. I have sent out scouts this morning in every direction, in hopes of hearing something from him. My position is that I cover the Bainbridge and Lawrenceburg roads, and I am within seven miles of Florence. As I informed you in my dispatch of yesterday, there are so many places of crossing the Tennessee that it is exceedingly difficult to cover and watch all points. My opinion is that Forrest will eventually cross the Tennessee, probably below Florence at Waterloo. My present position being the most central one I shall remain here.

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

10.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West Side of Shoal Creek, Ala., October 7, 1864-11. 15 a. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding District of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch dated 9. 15 a. m., October 7, 1864. In accordance with orders therein I will immediately move to Florence with my command. I will be there this evening. Unless everybody is false, most, if not all, of Forrest's command is on the other side of the Tennessee. Forrest himself left Florence on the 5th at about 2 p. m. I drove two regiments of his rear guard (cavalry) from my camp yesterday through Florence. I have but 150 mounted men. I am here by direct orders of Major-General Thomas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

11.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,West Side of Shoal Creek, Ala., October 7, 1864-9. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General STARKWEATHER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Pulaski, Tenn.:

GENERAL: By direction of General J. D. Morgan, I forward you copies of telegrams sent to Major-General Thomas. These will inform you fully of the general's position; also, of the movements and escape of Forrest and his command. These are duplicate copies of the general's dispatches of yesterday and to-day, sent by the way of Athens, Ala. Hearing that Elk River is not fordable they may not reach him by that route; please forward them by your line to Nashville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. WISEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

12.

WEST SIDE OF SHOAL CREEK, ALA.,

October 7, 1864-7 a. m.

Captain R. H. RAMSEY, A. A. G., Major-General Thomas' Staff, Nashville, Tenn.:

Forrest has escaped us; he crossed at Pride's Ferry, ten miles below Florence, on the 5th, leaving Florence himself about 2 p. m. that day.

