
Creek (8 miles), then marched to Acworth, going into camp at 8 p. m. Orders to move at 6 in the morning; headquarters at Oliver Hicks'.

November 14. -DIVISION moved at 6 a. m. ; marched nineteen miles, camping on Nickajack Creek, four miles from Chattahoochee River; passed to the WEST of Kenesaw Mountain; First and THIRD to the east.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Robert F. Smith, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from headquarters Second DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of this command during the recent campaign from the fall of Atlanta up to and including the fall of Savannah:

On the 28th of September, 1864, this brigade received orders to be ready to march by noon in light marching order, with four days' rations. Sick, convalescents, and baggage were left in camp at White Hall, near Atlanta, and the brigade embarked about midnight on two trains of cars. At 6 o'clock in the morning of the 29th of September the trains were put in motion, and proceeded at a slow rate toward Chattanooga. Some delay occurred at Boyer's Ford on the following morning on account of the inability of engines to pull heavy trains up a grade. After short delays at Chattanooga and Stevenson the brigade arrived at Huntsville about 8 p. m. October 1. The command remained in the cars over night. On the morning of October 2, left the cars and went into camp in the fields northeast of Huntsville. Embarked again at 5. 30 p. m. and started off. About three miles and a half out from Huntsville found the railroad track torn up, wood piles and ties still burning. With the assistance of a construction train the brigade relayed the track, not without difficulty and hard labor. Proceeded again at 6 a. m. October 3, and found no obstacles in the road until about two miles south of Athens, Ala., where the track again had been destroyed. Having no means to repair the road the command disembarked and, after a short rest, proceeded to Athens. Here the command remain over night, and on the following morning, October 4, marched out on the road to Rogersville, forded Elk River about 5 o'clock, and arrived at Rogersville after dark in a cold, drenching rain. On the 5th of October it continued raining unnoon. The command passed rapidly over a hilly road, crossed sefording, and about sunset went into camp near Shoal Creek. During this day it became apparent that the enemy were in the vicinity. A few mounted men were seen, some of whom were captured. Early in the morning of October 6 the rebel cavalry drove in our cavalry vedettes, but on coming up to the picket line, held by a detail of the Seventeenth Regiment New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, turned and fell back. The SIXTEENTH Regiment Illinois Infantry, and shortly afterward the Tenth Michigan Regiment and the Sixtieth Regiment Illinois Infantry, were sent out on reconnaissances toward Florence, Ala. The enemy fell back before them. The remainder of the brigade advanced on the road to within one mile and a half of Florence and halted there, no enemy being in sight. Early in the afternoon the brigade returned to camp at Shoal Creek. On the following day the whole command moved forward to Sweet Water

