
Creek near Florence, and remained encamped there until in the morning, October 10, when we resumed our march to Athens. From there the command proceeded by rail to Chattanooga, where it arrived at 1 a. m. October 14. Here the command remained for four days, working on the defenses of the place. On the 18th of October the command left Chattanooga and marched through La Fayette, crossed Chattooga Creek, entered the State of Alabama near Alpine, and reached Gaylesville about noon October 22. The main body of General Sherman's army was here encamped to observe the movements of the rebels under Hood. The command remained here until the 28th of October, when it again took up the line of march at 2 p. m., and arrived at Rome, Ga., at 3 p. m. on the 29th of October. remained at Rome until November 1, when the command moved to Kingston. On the 8th of November marched from Kingston to Cartersville. remained there until November 13 when the command crossed Utah River, and began to dead. Reached Acworth on the same evening. Continued the march next morning, pasossed the Chattahoochee, and reached Atlanta in the afternoon November 15. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General Second DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Eben White, SIXTEENTH Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH Illinois INFANTRY,Near Savannah, Ga., January 1, 1865.

I have the honor respectfully to make, in compliance with orders from headquarters First Brigade, the following report of the action taken by this regiment in the military operations of this command from the fall of Atlanta up to and including the occupation of Savannah, viz: The SIXTEENTH Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers was in camp at Atlanta from September 8 until September 28, 1864, when it proceeded by railroad to Athens, Ala., via Chattanooga and Huntsville, and from thence marched to Florence, Ala., joining in the movement which drove Forrest south of the Tennessee River. It then returned to Chattanooga by rail, and from that place marched, via Alpine and Rome, to Gaylesville, Ala., in pursuit of Hood's army, resting at Gaylesville four days; the regiment then marched, via Rome, to Kingston, Ga., where it remained until November 6, when it marched to Cartersville, Ga. At this place communication with the North was severed, and on November 13 the regiment took up the line of march for Atlanta, following the railroad, and arriving at that place on the 15th of November. *

Respectfully submitted.

EBEN WHITE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain John P. HOLLERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV,

Part I.

---------------

