
Numbers 14. Report of Major James H. McDonald, Sixtieth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH Illinois VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., January, Ga., January 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my regiment in the last campaign, commencing September 29, 1864, and ending December 21, 1864:

On the 29th of September my regiment moved from Atlanta, Ga., by railroad, via Chattanooga, Tenn., to Athens, Ala., a distance of 241 miles. Arrived at Athens on the 3rd day of October. Marched from Athens to Florence, Ala., a distance of forty-five miles. On the 6th day of October, near Florence, Ala., my regiment skirmished with the enemy and drove them through the town, then returned to camp on Shoal Creek. On the 7th we moved into Florence and remained there until the morning of the 10th of October. Returned to Athens, Ala., on the 12th; took the cars for Chattanooga, Tenn., on the 14th of October. remained at Chattanooga until the 18th, then marched to Gaylesville, Ala., by way of La Fayette, Ga., a distance of sixty-five miles. Arrived at Gaylesville, Ala., October 22, and remained there until the 27th. The 28th, moved for Rome, Ga. ; arrived at Rome the 29th; remained until November 1, then moved to Kingston, a distance of sixteen miles; arrived November 1, and remained there until November 8, then moved to Cartersville, Ga., a distance of twelve miles; remained at Cartersville until November 13, then moved for Atlanta, a distance of FIFTY-eight miles. On the way we destroyed one mile and a half of railroad track; arrived at Atlanta, Ga., November 15. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. McDONALD,

Major, Commanding Sixtieth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

ACTG. ASST. ADJT. General, FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION.

Numbers 15. Report of Captain Charles H. Richman, Tenth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH MICHIGAN VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, dated December 29, 1864, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Tenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry, from September 8 [28] to December 22, 1864:

September 28, received orders at 4 p. m. to be ready to move, four days' rations to be taken, convalescents to be left in charge of an officer. At 8. 30 p. m. started, went to Atlanta, loaded on the cars, and remained until morning. September 29, moved out on the Chattanooga railroad at 7 a. m. ; went to Chickamauga Creek, where remained all night. September 30, started at 10 a. m., passed through Chattanooga, Bridgeport, and reached Stevenson, Ala., about 4 p. m., and remained

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

