
whole number of paroled men and officers belonging to the One hundred and seventy-first Regiment is about 400, but the undersigned can not state accurately now for want of reports. A descriptive list was not furnished General Morgan, but the names of the men were given him. After being paroled the men were some twenty-two miles from Augusta on the pike, on which for a considerable part of the way stone had been newly broken and was so sharp as to cut shoes. The country had been entirely stripped of food, the men had eaten little, many nothing since Friday evening, their clothing insufficient, and the undersigned being senior captain, put in command by Colonel Asper immediately after surrender, thought best to reach Augusta by the night of the 12th. This was done by dark, the men having marched on that day over forty miles, though unused to marching, being composed of farmers, merchants, clerks, lawyers, &amp;c. A few horses were procured on which were carried those unable to walk. A few horses were Augusta had no notice of our coming, but supplied our wants to their utmost ability, and on the morning of the 13th instant, by my order, captain of the steam-boat

-----

with two barges brought us to this place, where we arrived in the afternoon, the men exhausted and fainting.

The loss of the regiment in the fight at Keller's Bridge was 13 men killed and 50 wounded, many of them very seriously, some of whom have since died. Not over 400 were in the battle, and if portions of other commands were engaged with us it escaped the notice of the undersigned.

It would not become me perhaps to say much as to the conduct of the troops or the manner in which they were handled, but I saw no reason to complain of either. The regiment was armed badly, many of the pieces failing to reach the enemy at all; very many became useless early; while they had many very fine guns-short Enfield rifles, Spencer rifles, &c.

The number actually engaged with us was not less than 1,200 to 1,500 supported by as many more. Morgan acknowledged a loss of 74 killed and wounded at Keller's Bridge, but from the number

of wounded carried from the field, seen by me and many of our men after the battle, I do not hesitate to say his loss exceeded the number given.

I have received no written orders since I took command, except one to report to Camp Dennison immediately. What orders Colonel Asper received while in command I do not know, as I have no information upon the subject.

Respectfully submitted.

R. O. SWINDLER,

Captain, Commanding 171st Regiment Ohio National Guard.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Department.

Numbers 14. Reports of Brigadier General John H. Morgan, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. MORGAN'S COMMAND, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,Russell Old Court-House, May 31, 1864.

GENERAL: While General Buckner was in command of this department instructions were given me by him to strike a blow at the enemy

