
Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Maris R. Vernon, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH Regiment Illinois VOL. INFTY.,Savannah, Ga., December 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Seventy-eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry from the fall of Atlanta up to and including the fall of Savannah, December 21, 1864:

Upon the termination of the campaign of Atlanta the regiment, with the brigade, went into camp two miles south of the city, where it remained until the 29th of September; then, with the DIVISION, took cars and moved by rail to Athens, Ala., which point was reached on the 3rd of October. October 4, took up line of march toward Florence, forded Elk River, and camped for the night near Rogersville. October 5, reached Shoal Creek, thirty-five miles WEST of Athens and six east of Florence; rained all day, and road bad. 6th, the regiment, with Thirty-fourth Illinois, made a reconnaissance three miles out Lawrenceburg road, returning to the brigade at night. 7th, with the DIVISION, advanced to within on mile of Florence. 8th and 9th, remained in camp. 10th, the whole command started back and returned to Athens. On the 12th and 13th took cars and arrived in Chattanooga on the 14th. Here was obtained clothing, for which the men were suffering. 15th, 16th, and 17th, in camp at Chattanooga. 18th, marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills, on WEST Chickamauga; 19th, to La Fayette; continuing the march, passed through Alpine, and reached Gaylesville, Ala., on the 22d, where we joined the corps. remained here until the afternoon of the 28th, when, with the DIVISION, we crossed to Chattooga River, and on the 29th reached Rome. November 1, with the DIVISION, moved from Rome to Kingston. remained here until the 8th, when we moved to Cartersville. 13th, took up line of march for Atlanta, destroying the railroad as we moved. *

I am, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

M. R. VERNON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19. Report of Captain James R. McLaughlin, Ninety-eighth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Savannah, Ga., December 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry from the fall of Atlanta (September 1, 1864) until the fall of Savannah, Ga. (December 21, 1864):

The Ninety-eighth Regiment, with the remainder of the Second DIVISION, went into camp, after the battle of Jonesborough, near Atlanta, where we remained until September 29, when we received orders to embark

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

