
on the cars for Chattanooga. After arriving in Chattanooga the DIVISION was ordered into Alabama in pursuit of the rebel General Forrest. We went from Chattanooga, Tenn., to Huntsville, Ala., by rail, at which place we arrived October 1. We were ordered from Huntsville to Athens, Ala., where we arrived October 3. Here we received orders to march to Florence, a distance of forty-five miles, where we arrived October 7 and went into camp, remaining until October 10, when we were ordered back to Athens, where we arrived October 12. On this march we met with no opposition from the enemy. It was, nevertheless, a severe and fatiguing march upon the soldier, as it rained almost constantly and they were compelled to ford numerous streams, among the number Elk River. On the evening of the 13th we started by rail for Chattanooga, where we arrived on the 14th. During the entire trip through Alabama we received all rations and forage through the commissary of subsistence department. On the morning of the 18th of October the regiment, with the remainder of the DIVISION, moved from Chattanooga on the La Fayette road in pursuit of Hood's retreating army, arriving at Gaylesville on the evening of the 22d. At this place we joined the remaining two DIVISION of our corps. During, the time we remained at Gaylesville we subsisted almost entirely off the country, receiving about one-THIRD rations from the commissary of subsistence department. We marched from Gaylesville to Cartersville without anything transpiring worthy of note, arriving at the latter place November 8. On the morning of the 13th of November the entire corps took up the line of march for Atlanta, the Ninety-eighth being left in town as rear guard. The regiment commenced moving about 1 p. m., crossing the Utah River, burning the bridge, and joined our brigade at Allatoona Pass, where we destroyed about a quarter of a mile of railroad. We arrived at Atlanta on the evening of the 15th. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders of date December 28, 1864, I have the honor to report substantially the operations of my command from the fall of Atlanta up to and including the fall of Savannah.

On the 4th day of September last my command, comprising the Eighty- fifth, Eighty-sixth, and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, the FIFTY-second Ohio, the Twenty-second Indiana, and three companies of the One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, moved from Jonesborough, in charge of the Fourteenth Army Corps hospital trains and about 1,600 prisoners of war, to Atlanta, reaching the latter place

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

