
time, from the date of our departure from Atlanta, it rained heavily every day, rendering the roads from Athens to Florence very muddy, besides swelling the numerous streams to their banks. These streams we were compelled to ford, with the exception of Shoal Creek, which had a good bridge. The men were drenching wet, adding greatly to the weight of their loads, and their sleep, though sound, was the sleep of exhaustion and afforded them but little rest; besides, many were barefoot and footsore. Those who fell sick by the wayside were left in houses to the care of the citizens, as we had no means of transportation. The citizens, as far as I was able to learn, uniformly treated our sick soldiers with a great deal of kindness. Officers had no comforts or convenience above those of enlisted men, and indulged only in such luxuries as they could transport by virtue of their own physical strength. In short, I do not hesitate to say that our trip from Atlanta to Florence came nearer tasking to the utmost the physical endurance of the American soldier than any campaign I ever witnessed, and I cannot withhold the meed of praise so eminently due the brave officers and men who made it. They performed all that was required of them with that characteristic cheerfulness which has recently become soof-our army. October 10, we left Florence on our way back toward Athens; marched nineteen miles and encamped for the night. October 11, resumed march toward Athens, and encamped for the night within eight miles of the town. October 12, reached Athens at 10 a. m., where the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois rejoined the brigade. We moved two miles east of town, and went into temporary camp. At 2 p. m. I received orders from General Morgan to detail one regiment to rebuild a railroad bridge across a branch of Limestone Creek, which next morning it had completed, and about noon cars began to arrive at Athens to transport the DIVISION to Chattanooga. My command got off at 4 a. m. October 13, and reached Chattanooga at midnight, where I encamped the brigade in two lines on the WEST side of town, where it remained four days. My first effort was to procure shoes and clothing for my barefooted and almost naked men; I succeeded in procuring 785 pairs of shoes and a sufficiency of clothing. At the expiration of our four days' rest at Chattanooga we marched on the morning of the 18th of October, by the Rossville and Dry Valley roads, to Lee and Gordon's Mills, on the Chickamauga River, and encamped for the night. October 19, marched to La Fayette and encamped for the night. October 20, marched south from La Fayette about twelve miles and turned to the right on a road leading to Broomtown Valley, and, after fording Chattooga River, we went into camp for the night. October 21, marched twenty-five miles on Broomtown Valley road toward Gaylesville. October 22, marched to Gaylesville and went into camp north of town, where we joined the corps and remained five days, subsisting partly of Government rations and partly from the country. October 28, left camp at 2 p. m. and marched eight miles toward Rome, and camped for the night at Missionary Station, near the State line. October 9, resumed the march at 6 a. m. and encamped at night on the north side of Oostenaula River, and within one mile of Rome, where we remained until October 31, when I received orders to march to Kingston as guard to corps train. My command left Rome at 3 p. m. ; marched eight miles, and encamped at night on Cedar Creek. Resumed march at 7 o'clock next morning, and reached Kingston within three hours, where I went into camp and remained until November 8, on which day we marched to Cartersville and encamped southwest of town, about two miles, until November 12, when I was

