
ordered to relieve a brigade of the Second DIVISION, Fifteenth Corps, at the fort on the north side of the Utah River. November 13, marched to Acworth, stopping on the way to tear up and destroy three miles and a half of railroad track and ties; reached camp at 9 p. m. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. LANGLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 125th Illinois Vol. Infty., Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Brigadier General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD DIVISION.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 7, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by this DIVISION in the operations of the army against Hood after the capture of Atlanta, and the subsequent advance to and capture of this place:

Having gone into camp at Atlanta, after the taking of that city, the army remained there for the purpose of repairing the damages caused by the long and arduous campaign of the summer until about the 1st of October. It was then ascertained that the rebel army of Hood, recovered from the effect of the recent discomfiture, was moving to the WEST and north, as if to threaten our communications, and our forces were put in motion to meet it. The following diary of daily events sets forth the movements of this DIVISION in consequence: October 1 and 2, DIVISION remained in camp situated about one mile south of the city of Atlanta. On Monday, October 3, at 1 p. m., pursuant to orders from corps headquarters, tents were struck and the march commenced toward railroad bridge crossing the Chattahoochee River; bivouacked during the night half a mile from the river. October 4, crossed the river and encamped upon the ground occupied by the enemy in the front of the Second DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, on the 4th of July last. October 5, marched all day and encamped near Marietta, Ga. October 6, marched to Jack's house, near Pine Mountain, and went into camp. October 7, DIVISION made a reconnaissance two miles beyond Lost Mountain in the direction of Dallas. October 8, moved to a point near Acworth and remained in camp until 5 p. m. October 10, when the DIVISION marched all night, passing over Allatoona Mountain, through Cartersville at 7 a. m. October 11, and halted for the night half a mile WEST of Kingston. October 12, marched to Rome at 9. 30 p. m. October 13, started for Resaca, passing through Calhoun at 3 p.d reaching Resaca the same evening. Crossed the Oostenaula at daylight of the 15th, the summit of Mill Creek Mountain. October 16, marched through Snake Creek Gap to a point within two miles of Ship's Gap. From this place, October 18, passed through Dick's and Ship's Gaps, moved along the side of Taylor's Ridge, and crossed the Chattooga on the 19th. October 20, DIVISION reached Gaylesville, Ala., where it remained encamped until the

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

