
29th. October 29, crossed the Chattooga, destroyed the bridge and also a large and valuable flouring mill, passed through McCullough's Gap and encamped five miles from Rome, at which place the DIVISION remained until the morning of November 2, 1864. November 2, DIVISION moved from camp near Rome, Ga., and arrived at 3 p. m. same day at Kingston, where it remained until November 12, when march toward Atlanta was begun, encamping first night three miles from Utah River. November 13, passed through Allatoona Gap, destroyed the railroad from Allatoona Creek to a point one mile beyond Acworth, and went into camp at Big Shanty. November 14, DIVISION crossed the Chattahoochee River. *

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Corps.

Numbers 22. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Morgan, Seventy- fourth Indiana Infantry, THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH Regiment INDIANA VOL. INFANTRY,Kingston, Ga., November 11, 1864.

In accordance with the directions of Major-General Sherman, I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition sent out under my command in pursuance of orders from your headquarters:

My regiment left camp at about 5 p. m. on the 9th instant. On arriving at headquarters Fourteenth Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland, in accordance with my orders, I reported to Captain McClurg, assistant adjutant-general, who furnished me with a list of men who were said to be more or less implicated with the guerrillas; Captain McClurg also introduced me to William Lowry, who was to accompany us as a guide. We marched through Cassville, and then took the road leading to Possum Trot. I found that the instructions which I had received were contradictory and incompatible, as I could not "encamp on the ground where the occurrence took place" and capture the men whose names appeared on the list, and who lived upon another road. As I understood there were no men who lived near the place where the skirmish occurred, and as I was informed that the rebels were not in that vicinity, I determined to capture the implicated parties. I therefore continued on the Possum Trot road until I had passed Branson's house, when I took the Spring Place or, as it is sometimes called, the old Newtown road, turning off to the left from the Possum Trot road and marked by a guide board. The first men found on that road were the Kellys, who were arrested. One was a middleaged man, the other a young man, whom I understood to be his nephew. They lived on the Widow Clardy's place. The next place where any man was found belonged to William Crow. As his name appeared on our list, I arrested him. At his house we found Berry Houk, who said that he had been to Kingston to make in a wounded Federal soldier, and had returned thus far, and had stopped for the night in consequence of the rain. He was also arrested. We then proceeded to the residence of Wash. Henderson, who was found lying against his door, on the floor, "ready to move at a moment's notice. " As his name appeared on our

---------------

* For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

