
list, he was arrested. As we passed Swaney's place it was found that there was hay in the stable and a man was sent to forage some for the use of our animals. When the hay loft was entered a man who had been staying or sleeping in it started up and escaped. We proceeded to the house of Lindsay Hendricks (father of Captain Hendricks), which we surrounded. On being interrogated he denied that his son was in the house, and said he did not know where he was. As there was no evidence of the truth of his assertions he was placed under guard and the search of the house was continued. Captain Hendricks was found in bed and, of course, was placed under a strong guard. During the arrest of Captain Hendricks his father attempted to escape, but did not succeed. We then proceeded to the residence of Madison Denman, sometimes called "Captain" Denman. I understand that he was a captain in the rebel army, but that now he belongs to no regular organization. The negroes said that victuals were cooked there and taken a short distance from the house, where they were received by the rebels. Yesterday morning men were seen lurking about the place indicated by the negroes. Captain Denman was not at home. My men were very much fatigued and I rested until daylight. I sent a guard to the house of Berry Houk, whom we had arrested at Crow's. At this house a corporal of General Sherman's escort was lying, I think, mortally wounded. It is said he was shot by First Lieutenant Abraham Tate, of Captain Hendricks' company. He was aided all that was possible by our surgeon, and will probably be well attended to by Mr. Houk's family, who, I believe, are thoroughly loyal. In accordance with my instructions, I asked Captain Hendricks if the prisoners whom he had captured could be returned; what disposition had been made of them, &amp;c. Hendricks said that he was captain of Company I, First Georgia Cavalry, having been very lately promoted; that he was acting under pany; that he commanded the force which had attacked the foragers from our regiment; that his men told him that they had killed 2 of our men; he admitted that his men sometimes wore Federal Government clothing; that a negro was killed during the skirmish. He said that the prisoners had been sent from Possum Trot at Athens; that he would return 31 Federal prisoners to secure his release, and that if he could go to get them he could return his late captures within three or four days. When interrogated as to his treatment of prisoners he said he had treated them always as prisoners of war, and he produced a receipt for Federal prisoners given to Private J. M. or J. H. Hendricks. This was the only document he produced to show that he was in the service of the Southern Confederacy. His statements that he had been lately promoted and that the prisoners had been sent off were confirmed by other evidence, but some of the negroes said the prisoners were killed. As it seemed impossible to secure the return of the prisoners I acted upon the alternative given me in my orders. I fully believe that Berry Houk and his family are thoroughly loyal. I had arrested him. I wished to avoid injuring him or his as much as possible. To screen him from rebel suspicion I treated him fully as severely as I did the other citizens, and gave them all to understand that all that saved Mr. Houk's house from destruction was the fact that the wounded man could not be removed. On this pretext his property was spared. I respectfully recommend that he be treated in such a manner as to screen him from rebel suspicion, and yet as leniently as possible. Captain Denman's house was burned. Just as the goods were removed a "charge" was blown, and some scattering horsemen were seen. Lindsay Hendricks' buildings were burned, and so was Wash. Henderson's house. The goods were removed in each instance. On my return, at the Widow Collins',

