
I turned to the right, and ace where my mennear Major (so called because he was a militia major) Linn's place, about seven miles from Kingston. I was suddenly attacked in the flank by about thirty horsemen. I had 2 men slightly injured, and I captured the equipments of 1 man who was dismounted. They did not push the attack, but "retired" very hastily after their dash, and probably formed an ambush on the Cassville road, which I left to take a nearer one to Kingston. Consequently they were deceived, and hardly ready for a second skirmish. After this I saw them moving about, but they did not seem to be disposed to make another attack, and I came into camp without further interruption. Captain Hendricks was last night delivered to Lieutenant-Colonel McClurg, in accordance with orders received from you. The citizens who were arrested were delivered to First Lieutenant Josiah F. McNear, provost-marshal THIRD Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, in accordance with orders. I do not wish Captain Hendricks to be released during the war. I respectfully recommend that he be at least imprisoned during the war. I respectfully recommend that he be at least imprisoned during the war.

We marched at least forty miles during the trip, and during the greater portion of the time through mud and rain. We were gone about twenty-two hours, almost without a rest. Houk's house, which was the farthest from Kingston, was sixteen miles.

THOS. MORGAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-fourth Regiment Indiana Vol. Infty.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. Military DIVISION of the Mississippi.

Numbers 23. Report of Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams, U. S. Army, commanding Twentieth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 9, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of the Twentieth Corps from date of the occupation of Atlanta (September 2) to the entrance into this city on the 21st December ultimo:

The several DIVISIONS of the corps were encamped in Atlanta, mainly within the circuit of the enemy's original line of defenses. One brigade of the THIRD DIVISION was on duty at Montgomery's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River. The command of the post was committed to Colonel William Cogswell, Second Massachusetts Infantry, who discharged the perplexing duties well and faithfully. His report, forwarded herewith, will furnish interesting details of the multifarious labors and services of himself and his subordinate officers. The supplies for man and beast were sufficient until the railroad was cut about the 1st of October by Hood's army moving northward. The several army corps following in pursuit left behind large detachments of convalescents and unarmed men and a good part of their trains. Of these detachments and trains, great and small, there were reported to the post commanders 12, 700 officers and men, and to the chief quartermaster 405 horses and 3,564 mules-a force of men and animals almost equal in numbers to the Twentieth Corps left in guard of Atlanta and its vicinity. From the 5th of October for quite a month large details were made from the corps for work on the inner line of fortifications constructed under the direction

