
sylvania Infantry, and the Thirty-THIRD Massachusetts Infantry were ordered to report to me for duty. These regiments were stationed as follows: The Second Massachusetts Infantry, Captain R. B. Brown commanding, at the City Hall Park; the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker commanding, at the City Park; and the Thirty-THIRD Massachusetts Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Rider (afterward Lieutenant-Colonel Doane) commanding, on McDonough street, near the City Hall. The duties of this command were to protect and guard all public and private property in the city, and to patrol the streets for the purpose of maintaining order and arresting all offenders and unauthorized persons in the city. Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Morse, Second Massachusetts Infantry, was detailed as provost-marshal of the post; Captain James M. Wells, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, as commandant of convalescent and receiving camp; Lieutenant John A. Fox, Second Massachusetts Infantry, as post adjutant, and lieut. Peter Sears, Thirty-THIRD Massachusetts Infantry, as street commissioner. The duties of the post provost- marshal were to regulate the city patrol, to take charge of all prisoners, the general charge of all citizens, and to seize all cotton and tobacco, as well as many other minor duties; while those of Captain Wells were to receive all enlisted men that might come or be sent to him; to provide them with rations, recording their names, companies, regiments and corps, and to promptly forward them to their proper commands, as well as to receive and properly care for all escaped prisoners of war. The duties of the post adjutant, in addition to the regular duties of his department, were those of keeping records of all the different detachments of the army in the city, examining all leaves of absence and furloughs, and giving orders for transportation or passes upon the same, and giving orders for meals on the Soldiers' Home, and many other new and varied duties. The street commissioner was charged with the cleanliness of the city proper, as well as the burying of dead animals that negligent quartermasters and other parties had left to decay all about the town. In addition to these departments was that of the Soldiers' Home, conducted by Captain Stuart, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, which place furnished lodgings and meals to sick, traveling, and worthy officers and enlisted men who had not been and could not be otherwise subsisted. Captain Stuart was furnished his subsistence stores direct from the chief commissary of subsistence, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, but all orders for meals and lodging came from post headquarters. About 600 bales of cotton and about 500 pounds of tobacco were seized. The cotton was turned over to Captain Hade, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, by order of the chief quartermaster, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. As a great quantity of this cotton was in bulk no regular invoices were given or receipts taken by the provost-marshal, but whenever it was found it was guarded, and Captain Hade took it as it was. The tobacco was turned over to Captain Blair, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, and receipted for. A great deal of tobacco, by the permission of General Sherman, was allowed to be retained by the parties having it, while some considerable tobacco confiscated from persons vending it on the street without authority was issued to the troops composing the post command. Some 4,000 arrests for graver or minor offenses were made, and a sutler's stock of goods smuggled into the city of the retail value of about $8,000 was confiscated and sold at public sale at prices fixed by a board of survey, and the proceeds of the sale, $1,740 were turned over to Captain John Stewart, depot quartermaster at Atlanta, and receipts taken

