
Numbers 25. Report of Colonel James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade from the occupation of Atlanta until the capture of Savannah, Ga.:

Immediately after the troops of this brigade, entered Atlanta, they were encamped in the eastern part of the city, close by the earth- works formerly occupied by the enemy. Nothing of importance occurred in the command up to September 11, at which time the troops were moved to the northwestern portion of the town, where they were encamped upon a ridge which commanded the country in our immediate front, giving us an admirable position in case of attack. Here most excellent quarters were erected by the men, and the camps of the several regiments were paragons of neatness and regularity, reflecting much credit upon both officers and men. On September 22 General Joseph F. Knipe, then commanding the brigade, started for Memphis, Tenn., having been ordered to report there by an order from General Sherman, to assume the duties of chief of cavalry of the Army of the Tennessee; Colonel Warren W. Packer, Fifth Connecticutt Veteran Volunteers, being senior in rank, assumed command of the brigade on the morning of September 22. On September 28 the One hundred and forty-first Regiment New York Volunteers was detailed to report to Colonel Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, for duty in the city, in accordance with orders from DIVISION headquarters, where they remained doing guard duty until the 15th of November, when they again joined the brigade. On October 20 Colonel Warren W. Packer, commanding this brigade, was mustered out of the U. S. service, his term having expired, and was succeeded in command by the undersigned on the afternoon of the same day. On the morning of October 21, pursuant to orders from DIVISION headquarters, this brigade, in company with one from each of the DIVISION of the corps, started at 6 a. m. on a foraging expedition, which was under command of Colonel Dustin, of the One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteers, commanding THIRD DIVISION of this corps. We moved to Decatur, and from there to Latimar's, where we encamped for the night. On the 22nd and 23rd we were busily engaged loading our wagons with fodder, corn, and provisions of all kinds. The troops subsisted almost entirely upon the country, and succeeded in loading all the wagons with supplies as mentioned above. We started from Latimar's on our return at 1 p. m. on the 23d, and encamped for the night about two miles from Decatur. At 11 a. m. on the 24th this brigade moved from its encampment, having the rear of the train to protect, and reached Atlanta at 3 p. m. We were very much favored in regard to weather, and the expedition was a complete success. Pursuant to orders from DIVISION headquarters, this brigade started for Decatur on the morning of October 29, at 6 o'clock, for the purpose of rendering assistance to a foraging expedition sent out a few days previous under charge of General John W. Geary, in case he was attacked by the enemy's cavalry, who were reported hovering about his vicinity. I arrived at Decatur with my brigade at 9 a. m., and met the head of General Geary's train about 10 a. m. on their return to Atlanta. I remained in Decatur until the last

