
had passed, when I brought up the rear with my brigade, and reached Atlanta by 7 p. m. On the afternoon on November 5, pursuant to orders from DIVISION headquarters, I moved by brigade, from the city of Atlanta onto the McDonough road, in company with the other brigades of this DIVISION, and encamped about two miles from the city. On the afternoon of the following day I was ordered to return to Atlanta which I did, occupying my old camping-ground. Early on the morning of November 9 the pickets of the corps were attacked by the enemy's cavalry, and my brigade was ordered to the breast-works on the Marietta road, as a support to the Second Brigade of this DIVISION, which had gone out on a reconnaissance. While here one of my staff officers, who had permission to go beyond our works, captured 2 of the enemy's cavalrymen in a house about half a mile from the city. They were turned over to the provost-marshal of this DIVISION. My brigade remained at the breast-works until after dark, when I was ordered to return to camp. From the 9th to the 15 of November nothing of importance occurred.

The foraging expeditions while at Atlanta yielded to my brigade 30,000 pounds of corn and 55,230 pounds of fodder, besides large quantities of provisions which were captured by the men and no record kept of the amount. Sixty-six negroes came into our lines at Atlanta on the picket-line of my brigade, some of whom were sent to the quartermaster, while others were retained as officers' servants. *

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. L. SELFRIDGE,

Colonel Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Vet. Vols., Commanding First Brigadier

Lieutenant GEORGE ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Major Patrick Griffith, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH Regiment VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment since the occupation of Atlanta:

September 2, marched from the south bank of the Chattahoochee River through the city of Atlanta, and camped on the north side of the Decatur road at the rebel works. September 12, moved camp to the north side of the city. September 17, DIVISION reviewed by General Williams. September 19, DIVISION reviewed by General Slocum. October 20, Colonel James L. Selfridge took command of the First Brigade. October 21, moved out the Decatur road on a foraging expedition under command of Colonel [Dustin]. October 23, Colonel Carman came out with Second Brigade to support us and took command. Arrived in camp October 26 at 4 p. m. Brought in some 800 wagons loaded with corn. October 28, 1864, moved out to Decatur to support a forage party; returned the same night. November 5, moved out the McDonough road three miles; camped for the night. Some little picket-

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

