
firing took place during the night. Returned to our old camp on the 6th. November 11, an election was held in the regiment; 243 votes were polled for A. Lincoln and 131 for General McClellan. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. GRIFFITH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain D. W. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel Ezra A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, First DIVISION, Twentieth Corps, Left Wing, Army of Georgia, in the campaign from Atlanta, Ga., to Savannah:

On the 2nd day of September, 1864, by orders from Brigadier-General Williams, commanding First DIVISION, Twentieth Corps, a reconnaissance was sent out from our camp near Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee, to Atlanta, under command of Colonel N. M. Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteer Infantry. They entered the city without opposition, the enemy having evacuated during the previous night. The brigade, consisting of the Second Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, THIRD Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteer Infantry, and One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteer Infantry, soon followed and took position in the abandoned rebel breast-works on the north-east side of the city, the right upon the Decatur road. By order of Major-General Slocum, the Second Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was detached as provost guard of the city, and Colonel William Cogswell, commanding, made post commander. September 5, by orders from headquarters Twentieth Corps, the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteer Infantry, Colonel N. M. Crane, was ordered to report to Colonel A. Beckwith, chief commissary of subsistence, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, for duty in the city. The two regiments above named remained on such duty during the occupation of Atlanta. October 4, the brigade moved over to the north side of the city, and took position in the rebel earth-works from the Marietta road to the Sandtown road. October 11, accompanied a forage expedition, under command of Brigadier-General Geary, in conjunction with a brigade from Second DIVISION. Marched to Flat Shoals, eighteen miles from Atlanta, loaded 500 wagons, principally with corn and oats, and returned to the city October 14. October 22, ordered by Major- General Slocum, commanding Twentieth Corps, to proceed with the brigade and re-enforce Colonel Dustin, of the THIRD DIVISION, commanding a forage train of 800 wagons, guarded by three brigades and two batteries, the expedition being threatened by the enemy's cavalry. Moved down upon the right

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

