
flank of the train to Flat Rock, and encamped for the night. October 23, marched through Lithonia to Latimar's, finding a few rebel scouts and dispersing them. Found the train near Latimar's loaded with corn. I assumed command of the expedition, and moved to Decatur, camping there for the night. October 24, moved into the city without accident and took our old position. November 5, the brigade, with the Twentieth Corps, moved out upon McDonough road about two miles and a half and encamped for the night. November 6, it returned to old camp in Atlanta. November 9, a brigade of rebel cavalry, with a light battery, attacked the Second DIVISION, on my left, but were soon repulsed. The brigade was then ordered by Brigadier-General Williams, commanding First DIVISION, to move out and endeavor to overtake them. Moved down to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, and back via Sandtown road, not finding the enemy. November 13, the brigade moved out on the Chattanooga railroad, midway between Atlanta and the Chattahoochee River, and destroyed three miles and a half of track by burning ties and bending the rails. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant GEORGE ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Major Frederick H. Harris, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular from brigade headquarters of December 23, and accompanying instructions from DIVISION headquarters, I have the honor of making the following report of operations of the Thirteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, from the occupation of Atlanta to the present date:

September 2, entered Atlanta at 8 p. m., and went into the enemy's works on the east of the city, to the left of and near the Georgia railroad. October 5, regiment moved about two miles to the left of the Atlantic and Western Railroad and encamped near the large fort on the Marietta road. October 9, moved about two miles farther to the left and encamped near the Sandtown road. October 11, marched off on Decatur road in a southeasterly direction, afterward struck off the right on road to Flat Rock; halted at 8 p. m. near South River, a distance of fifteen miles. October 12, crossed South River at Clark's Mill, Flat Rock, De Kalb County, marching southeasterly five miles to border of Henry County, where the regiment assisted quartermasters in gathering corn, loading the wagons, and guarded the train during day, and returned with them to encampment of night previous, recrossing South River. October 13, crossed South River again after forage, loaded and guarded train, and after sunset marched ten miles on road to Atlanta, and encamped at 3 a. m. of next morning. October 14, marched five miles to camp in Atlanta, Ga. October 22, marched fifteen miles to near South River to re- enforce forage expedition

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

