
against a threatened attack. October 23, marched twenty-seven miles along South River in a northerly and westerly direction, encamping for night one mile and a half southeast of Decatur. October 24, marched eight miles and a half to Atlanta, passing through Decatur. November 5, marched three miles on the McDonough road in a southeasterly direction and encamped for the night. November 6, returned to Atlanta. November 9, awakened at daylight by discharges of artillery on our left in front of Second DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps, which continued and increased, with some musketry, until 9 a. m. ; regiment formed line, throwing out four companies to our left to cover a road between us and right of the Second DIVISION. THIRD Wisconsin Volunteers came up to cover our right. About 9 a. m. firing ceased, said to have been caused by an attack of some 1,000 dismounted cavalry; at 10 a. m. received orders to report at once on Marietta road in light marching order. On assembling, with balance of brigade, marched off in a westerly direction, accompanied with a battery of artillery and regiment of cavalry, with a view of discovering and capturing the attacking party of the morning. Proceeded six miles to near Turner's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, when faced about and returned on Sandtown road to city. November 13, regiment engaged in tearing up and burning railroad between city of Atlanta and Chattahoochee River; tore up and destroyed half a mile. *

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

FRED. H. HARRIS,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 29. Report of Major Alfred B. Smith, One hundred and fiftieth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 150TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from brigade and DIVISION headquarters, dated December 23, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report:

September 2, on this day Atlanta was occupied by our forces. The One hundred and fiftieth Regiment was placed in the rebel defenses of the city, near the Decatur road. September 3, quarters erected by the men. September 4 to 10, remained in same position. September 11, moved camp 300 yards to the rear and erected comfortable, neat, and uniform quarters. September 12 to 17, inclusive, remained in same camp, having drills, roll-calls, guard-mount, and dress-parade daily. September 18, this regiment paraded for review with the DIVISION, but the review was prevented by rain. September 19, raised a flag-pole and run up our garrison flag. September 20, the regiment took part in the review of the DIVISION by Major-General Slocum. September 21 to October 3, the regiment remained in the same camp.

October 4, moved at 6 p. m. into the rebel defenses of the city of Atlanta on the Marietta road, the One hundred and fiftieth Regiment

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

42 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

