
on the right of the brigade. Very large details of from 80 to 100 men from the regiment worked daily on the interior line of defenses of the city. October 9 to 10, inclusive, remained in same position. October 11, marched at 5 a. m. on a foraging expedition to Flat Rock, a distance of sixteen miles. October 12, crossed the Flat Rock Shoals, turned to the right four miles, and helped load 200 wagons with corn. October 13 and 14, filled balance of wagons, 125 in number, and returned with the train of 500 loaded wagons to within six miles of Atlanta, where we halted at 4 a. m. of the 14th; continued the march at 11. 30 a. m., and arrived in Atlanta at 2 p. m. October 15 to 21, inclusive, remained in the same camp. October 22, marched with the balance of the brigade at 4 p. m. on road to Flat Rock Shoals to cover the return of a foraging train of 800 wagons threatened by rebel cavalry; went in light marching order and arrived at Flat Rock Shoals at 11 p. m., having marched eighteen miles. October 23, marched at 6 a. m. on road to Lithonia, thence to Decatur; covering the left flank of the train, having marched twenty-four miles. October 24, returned to our old camp in Atlanta on Marietta road, a distance of eight miles. October 25 to November 4, inclusive, remained in same camp.

November 5, marched at 3 p. m. on McDonough road three miles and halted for the night. November 6, at 12 m. marched back to original position. November 7 and 8, remained in same camp. November 9, marched at 10 a. m. on a reconnaissance to Turner's Ferry on the Chattahoochee River, thence across to Sandtown road, and back to the city at 7 p. m., having marched about twenty miles. November 10, 11, and 12, remained in same camp. November 13, marched at 2 p. m. about three miles toward the river, on the railroad, tore up one mile of railroad, burning the ties and bending the rails, and returned to old camp at 9 p. m. November 14, remained in same camp. *

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. SMITH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel William Hawley, THIRD Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLUNTEER INFTY.,Near Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of the operations of this regiment from the occupation of Atlanta, Ga., September 2, 1864, to the present date:

On the day of the occupation of Atlanta my regiment went into camp with the brigade on the east side of the city near the Augusta railroad. It occupied this position until October 17, when it marched on an expedition for forage with a body of troops under command of Brigadier-General Geary. The regiment was absent four days on this expedition and marched in all FIFTY miles. I have no means of knowing the amount of supplies obtained. On returning to the city the regiment went into camp on the northwest side of the city near the Chattanooga railroad. While there the time was mainly occupied in picket duty,

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

