
drill, &amp;c. On the 22nd of October it went on another foraging expedition, under command of Colonel E. A. Carman, which lasted three days. The distance marched was forty-four miles. The amount of supplies obtained was unknown to me. On returning the regiment went into its old camp. November 2, the regiment marched with the Thirteenth New Jersey, One hundred and fiftieth New York, and Twenty-seventh Indiana, of the same brigade, with one section of artillery and a small body of cavalry, all the force being under the command of Colonel E. A. Carman, on a reconnaissance in the direction of the Chattahoochee River. We turned the same day without meeting with either enemy or casualty. The whole distance marched was fifteen miles. November 13, the regiment moved in the direction of Chattahoochee bridge, five miles, and assisted in the destruction of railroad from that point to Atlanta. Distance marched, ten miles. Amount of road destroyed not known. *

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM HAWLEY,

Colonel THIRD Regiment Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. R. LINDSAY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 31. Report of Colonel James S. Robinson, Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the services and operations of this brigade from the occupation of the city of Atlanta down to the capture and occupation of Savannah:

On the 5th of September the entire brigade was encamped near Atlanta, Ga., having marched to that place from Montgomery's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, on the day previous. At this time and up to the 27th, at which date I rejoined the brigade from sick leave, it was commanded by Colonel Horace Boughton, of the One hundred and forty-THIRD New York Volunteers. From this officer I have received no report, and shall, therefore, limit myself to the time of actual command. On the 28th, by order of Brigadier General A. S. Williams, commanding DIVISION, I formally resumed command of the brigade. I found the troops at this time in good health, with tidy, well-policed camps, and well supplied with clothing, arms, and food. Daily drills in company and battalion tactics had been established, under which exercise the troops seemed to be rapidly improving in discipline and efficiency.

On the 4th of October the Twentieth Corps having been charged with the sole occupation and defense of Atlanta, a new chain of defenses around the city was commenced. A detail of 7 officers and 350 men to work upon these fortifications was now required from and daily furnished by my brigade. This work was continued, with but little interruption, on the part of my command down to the 15th. On that date the brigade was designated to accompany a foraging expedition consisting of three brigades of infantry, a DIVISION of cavalry, a battery of

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

