
artillery, and 733 wagons sent out on the following day and to the command of which I had the honor to be appointed. The infantry, the THIRD Brigade, First DIVISION, the Second Brigade, Second DIVISION, and the Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION; the artillery, Captain Sloan's battery, and the train under charge of Captain E. P. Graves, assistant quartermaster, rendezvoused on the Decatur road at 6 a. m. The expedition marched at 6. 30 a. m. and was joined at 1 p. m. by Colonel Garrard's DIVISION of cavalry at Avery's Cross- Roads. The head of the column encamped at Flat Shoals at 7 p. m., and by 10 p. m. was joined by all the troops and trains. On the 17th, leaving the THIRD Brigade of the First DIVISION and two sections of artillery in charge of about 400 wagons at Flat Shoals, I took the remainder of the troops and wagons and marched down the left bank of the South River I quest of forage. Though the country was poor and unproductive, I succeeded in loading most of the train by night-fall. On the following day, the 18th, leaving the Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, and two section of artillery at Flat Shoals in charge of the loaded wagons, with the remainder of the troops and wagons I crossed South River. Here I found a country more fertile than that foraged the day previous, and succeeded without difficulty in obtaining enough corn to load the entire train. A slight resistance offered by the enemy's cavalry was easily overcome without loss. The expedition at night-fall rejoined in safety the detachment left at Flat Shoals, and on the next day, the 19th, returned to Atlanta. The quantity of corn brought in amounted to about 11,000 bushels. The troops obtained besides this a considerable quantity of fresh beef, fresh pork, poultry, sweet potatoes, and other species of provisions. The immediate command of my brigade during this expedition was intrusted to Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Salomon, of the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, who was the senior officer present. I take pleasure in acknowledging the efficiency and zeal with which Lieutenant-Colonel Salomon discharged the duty thus devolving upon him. On the 21st the work on the fortifications was resumed by my brigade, which furnished a detail of 200 men for that purpose. On the 24th this detail was reduced to 100 men. On the 25th I received an order to join with my brigade a foraging expedition to be sent out on the following day under the command of Brigadier-General Geary. According to directions, my command reported to General Geary on the Decatur road at 6 a. m. on the 26th, and was assigned, in connection with a battery of artillery, to the duty of covering the rear of the column. Passing through Decatur at 11 a. m. my command reached Stone Mountain at 9. 30 p. m. Early on the 27th, by General Geary's direction, I sent out two regiments, the One hundred and first Illinois and Eighty-second Ohio Veteran Volunteers, to assist in loading wagons with corn. They returned to camp at 6. 30 p. m., having succeeded, in spite of the very inclement weather and prowling detachments of hostile cavalry, in loading 196 wagons. On the 28th, by direction of General Geary, I proceeded with my brigade, a section of artillery, a battalion of cavalry, and about 300 wagons, across Yellow River in the direction of Lawrenceville. I found here a productive country and had no difficulty in loading the entire train. My command returned toward Berkshire at 3 p. m., crossing Yellow River upon a bridge which, though partly burned by the enemy the day previous, was nevertheless easily rendered passable for the train. The column reached Berkshire at sundown and pushed forward, following the remainder of the expedition, which had already preceded us on its return march. Reached Stone Mountain at 10. 30 p. m., and encamped three miles beyond Stone Moun-

