
and Stockbridge at various times within the past two weeks. At daybreak on the morning of the 14th, with the empty teams and the main body of the troops, I again crossed the river, and leaving the laden trains with 500 men, under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Van Voorhis, in depot, I again moved down the Fayetteville road from the fields, on which and on small country roads in the vicinity I succeeded in procuring sufficient forage to load the remaining wagons. During the day a scouting party from the Seventh Ohio Cavalry encountered and drove a scouting party of the enemy, capturing a man professing to be a citizen, but who, there is reason to believe, has been employed as a spy by the enemy, and who, I have been informed, has been seen within our lines during the investment of Atlanta. He had upon his person a pass, "until further orders," from General Hardee. Shortly before dusk I recrossed the river with all my teams laden. The country foraged embraces an area of about three miles square, and is very undulating, many of the fields foraged being separated and others being completely isolated from all wagon roads by swampy ravines, to cross which with the teams caused great difficulty and required much labor. Most of the ground is very poor and its products scant, and to procure the quantity required, many fields had to be entered. Knowing the starving condition of the stock in the city, and the absolute necessity of speedily returning with forage, and having learned the enemy were gathering upon the east and WEST of my line of march with the intention of attacking my train on the following day, I resolved to move toward Atlanta at once. With a train six miles and a half in length, successful resistance of attack without loss of wagons would have been extremely difficult, if not improbable. Having previously sent the pioneers and one regiment in advance to repair the bridge across Snapfinger Creek and to hold the roads diverging at that point, I divided the train into five equal parts, interposing between each a guard of 250 infantry; the front and rear guard each consisting of 500 men, with a section of artillery, and at 8 o'clock moved with the train and a strong rear guard of cavalry upon the road on which I came, the remainder of the cavmy right and left. At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 14th my advance reached Mrs. Reagan's house, within six miles of Atlanta. Here I halted until 6. 30 o'clock, when I moved to the city, which I reached at fifteen minutes before 11 o'clock. My quartermaster reports the amount of corn procured to be upwards of 6,000 bushels, in addition to which were brought in 5 mules and 21 bales of cotton. Besides this amount of forage brought in, upwards of 3,500 horses and mules were amply fed for three days, and returned to Atlanta in much better condition than when they left. I made diligent inquiry concerning the enemy's forces to the east and south, but I could learn of no force superior to that mentioned. I have been informed that the country beyond Flat Rock and toward Macon abounds in corn sweet potatoes. I cannot close without especially commending Colonel Garrard and the officers and men under his command for the efficient aid rendered. My thanks are due him for much valuable information.

Hoping the results of the expedition have proven satisfactory to the major-general commanding the corps, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

