
was in Lawrenceville. Soon after he reported the former party had retreated across the river and destroyed the bridge. I immediately ordered him to follow, and push toward Lawrenceville to ascertain, if possible, the whereabouts of the enemy. He moved to Lawrenceville, and, charging furiously upon the town, drove the enemy through it in great disorder, scattering them in all directions. From reports from my cavalry I learned it would be impossible to load the remainder of my train WEST of the river, and learning that abundance of forage could be procured east of it, I resolved to cross and forage there. Accordingly, on the morning of the 28th, I sent 250 wagons with a guard of 1,500 infantry, a regiment of cavalry, and a section of artillery, the whole under command of Colonel Robinson, with orders to cross the river and load in the field just beyond. The remaining empty wagons I sent with a guard of 400 infantry and a section of artillery to report to Colonel Garrard, who was encamped on the Rock Bridge road, about three miles distant from the main camp, and eastward from the mountain. At 3 o'clock I learned that the wagons under charge of Colonels Robinson and Garrard had been loaded, and were ready for the returning march. Desiring to move as rapidly as possible toward Atlanta, I sent orders to Colonel Garrard to move with his trains on the road leading south of the mountain, and to the village at its base, and knowing Colonel Robinson's command would readily reach the camp before all the wagons then there had moved out, I started at 4 o'clock with the Second Brigades, of the Second and THIRD DIVISIONS, as advance guard, leaving a picket at every road and important point along the line of march, with orders to remain until the rear of the entire train had pd Stone Mountain and commenced parking my trains for the night, at 7 o'clock, on the farm of Mr. Johnson, on the Decatur road. The wagons, laden by Colonel Garrard, commenced coming in about 11. 30 o'clock, and I was joined by that officer about 1 on the morning of the 29th. All my troops and wagons having reached my camp by 1 o'clock, I commenced moving toward Atlanta at 7. Dividing the train into sections, and interposing between each a strong guard of infantry, I moved with the advance, posting as on the previous night a picket at every road and commanding position, to remain until the entire train passed. My advance reached Decatur at 11. 30 a. m., where I found the First Brigade of the First DIVISION, which had been sent out to meet, and, if necessary, assist me. After halting for some time at Decatur to close up my train, I again resumed the march, leaving the brigade just mentioned to bring up the rear. I reached Atlanta without incident at 3 p. m., where the troops and train were ordered to rejoin their respective commands. My quartermaster reports the amount of corn procured to be 9,300 bushels, besides which were brought in 5 loads of wheat a and 4 bales of cotton, and about 100 head of cattle, which were distributed among the several commands. I take great pleasure in commending the officers and men under my command for the hearty co- operation yielded me during the labors of the expedition. My thanks are eminently due to Colonel Garrard, his officers and men, for the activity and zeal manifested, and for information obtained. I regret to except from my commendation of the officers and men the lieutenant in command of the exterior picket captured on the 27th instant. Armed with Spencer rifles, captured in broad dayLight, without firing a shot, by a force scarce more than its equal, this picket was undoubtedly guilty of gross neglect. No words of reproach

