
can be too strong for an officer, who, allowing care for personal ease to exceed his zeal for duty, permits himself and command to be ignominiously captured.

Subjoined is a list* of prisoners captured from the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., November 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report respecting the affair of this morning:

At 7 a. m. the enemy attacked by pickets on the East Point road, and after a sharp resistance drove them in. They used artillery very freely during the attack. A considerable force of theirs followed up our pickets for about 100 yards, when, meeting the fire from my main lines, they hastily retreated, followed by our pickets, and leaving in our hands 2 prisoners, 1 of them mortally wounded, and 2 dead. The prisoner taken report their force engaged to have been about 1,000 cavalry and one battery of artillery, being the effective force of General Iverson's brigade, under command of Colonel Young, General Iverson's headquarters being at Jonesborough. They state that they marched ten miles this morning, and that they were told by their officers that we had evacuated Atlanta, and they could march in without opposition. From 7 o'clock until 8 they served their artillery very rapidly, but made very poor practice, doing no damage to us. There was at the time of the attack no artillery in my line. At 8 o'clock Stackhouse's battery, from the Fourteenth Corps, came up, took position in the forts covering the East Point road, and opened fire from one section, the enemy retreating rapidly. The prisoners stated that they dismounted for the attack, leaving their horses over a mile in their rear. Not a man from my command was either killed, wounded, or missing.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,January 6, 1865.

COLONEL; I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this DIVISION, from the date of the occupation of Atlanta, September 2, until that of the occupation of Savannah, December 21, 1864:

From the 2nd of September until the 15th of November this command remained encamped in Atlanta, performing guard and fatigue duty, and making occasional reconnaissances. The work performed and movements made during that time are here detailed in diary form. Two

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 12 enlisted men taken prisoners.

---------------

