
tenant-Colonel Van Voorhis, 945 men; THIRD Brigade, First DIVISION, under Colonel Robinson, 1,200; Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, under Major Brant, 642 men; cavalry under Colonel Garrard, 400 men; two batteries under Captain Bainbridge; 672 wagons from the different commands and detachments in and around Atlanta. Reached Decatur at 1 p. m. Learning here that the enemy had concentrated a force from 2,000 to 4,000 strong between Stone Mountain and Lawrenceville, I sent a request to Major-General Slocum for a force to be sent to Stone Mountain with the object of preventing annoyance on my right flank. This request was responded to by sending my Second Brigade, under Colonel Mindil. Without delaying at Decatur I detached the main body of my cavalry, 700 infantry, and a section of artillery, the whole under Colonel Garrard, with orders to proceed to Stone Mountain and hold the roads and passes there. With the rest of my command and train I moved on the Lawrenceville road six miles, then passed to the right over a wood road and struck the main road to Stone Mountain, about two miles from that place. Here I was joined by Colonel Garrard. Leaving a strong cavalry guard to hold the village, I moved on the Stone Mountain and Lawrenceville road to Trickum's Cross-Roads, near which we camped for the night. Receiving information about 9 p. m. that Colonel Mindil with his command had arrived within four miles of Stone Mountain, I sent him orders to push on as near the mountain as possible, and to join me on the following morning. Information obtained this evening confirmed that I had received at Decatur, respecting the enemy's force in this vicinity. October 27, early in the morning my pickets were attacked several times by rebel cavalry. One of my men was killed and another wounded. During the day I sent out portions of my train with strong escorts, and loaded about 300 wagons. In the afternoon a regiment of my cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Way, met the enemy near Yellow River and learned of a considerable force being in Lawrenceville. The party first met retreated across the river and burned the bridge. By my orders Colonel Way followed them, crossed the river, and charged through Lawrenceville, driving the enemy in confusion. Learning that abundance of forage could be procured east of the river, I sent 250 wagons, with a strong escort, under Colonel Robinson, to cross and load in the field beyond. The remaining empty wagons I sent to Colonel Garrard to be loaded near the Rock Bridge road, east of Stone Mountain. By 3 p. m. all the wagons were loaded and ready to return. I then concentrated all my troops and trains, and encamped them on the Decatur road two miles WEST of Stone Mountain. October 29, by 1 a. m. all my wagons had reached the camp. At 7 a. m. I commenced my return to Atlanta, which place my advance reached about 3 p. m. As the result of the expedition, besides subsisting my men and animals on the country, we brought to Atlanta 19,300 bushels of ears of corn, 5 wagon loads of wheat, 4 bales of cotton, and about 100 head of cattle, which were distributed among the different commands. I captured from the enemy 12 prisoners.

November 1, received orders to be prepared for active campaign at an hour's notice any day after the 4th instant; also to ship surplus stores and baggage to the rear. November 4, shipped the surplus stores and baggage of the DIVISION to Nashville. November 5, at 1 p. m. received orders to move at 2 o'clock, and the encamp outside the city, on the McDonough turnpike. The entire DIVISION with all its trains moved as ordered, encamping two miles from the city. November 6, at 12 o'clock received orders to return to our camp in Atlanta, and there

