
[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 4, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Have you any intelligence that the force under General Burbridge has actually crossed the mountains or entered Virginia?

J. A. S.

[THIRD indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

July 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

No intelligence of General Burbridge's movements has been received at this office.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Abingdon, Va., July 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent operations of my command in the State of Kentucky:

Early in the spring I received permission from General Buckner, who was then in command of the Department of East Tennessee, to strike a blow at the enemy in Kentucky so soon as my command could be organized and put in condition to stand the trip. One-half of them were dismounted, having escaped from Northern prisons and made their way back into our lines.

In the latter part of May my scouts, who were in the State, brought me intelligence that a large force of cavalry, with artillery, were moving in the direction of Pound Gap; that another force was to move from Louisa, and both commands to concentrate at the mouth of Mud Creek; from that point, under command of General Burbridge, to move upon the saline-works and lead-mines of Southwest Virginia. (For further information as to the strength and intentions of the enemy, I refer you to the inclosed papers, marked A, B, C, and D. The papers only relate to General Hobson's DIVISION. The strength of the other DIVISION is not known.) After the destruction of those works to move east upon the railroad and join General Hunter. This information I imparted to you by letter of date 31st of May, written from Russell Old Court-House, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. * After consulting with General W. E. Jones, who was then commanding department, it was decided that I should move at once into Kentucky and gain the rear of the forces who were moving in this direction, believing the small force I commanded could offer but a feeble resistance in their front, and that they could not

---------------

*See p. 64.

---------------

