
to await further orders, keeping our trains loaded for campaign. The order was complied with, and by night everything belonging to the command was back again. November 9, before dayl by the sounds of artillery in our front, and found a force of the enemy attacking my line on the East Point road. A portion of my pickets at that point were driven in by a charge of dismounted cavalry from Iverson's brigade of Georgia troops. This line of the enemy advanced within about 150 yards of our outer works, when they received a destructive fire and retreated hastily. In the meantime they had planted a battery within 400 yards of our works, and served it quite rapidly for an hour, but without injuring a single person in our lines or camps. There was no artillery in position in my line when the attack commenced, but a battery was soon sent down at my request and gave the retreating enemy a few shots, causing them to hasten their departure. The whole affair lasted from 7 a. m. to 8. 15. The enemy left in our hands 2 dead and 2 prisoners, 1 of whom was mortally wounded. Subsequent statements in the rebel newspaper accounts of the affair give their entire loss as about 40. There were no casualties on our side. November 11, received to- day the orders announcing the organization of the Army of Georgia, and the order of Brigadier-General Williams upon taking command of the Twentieth Corps, Major-General Slocum being assigned to command the Left Wing, Army of Georgia. *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps.

Numbers 35. Report of Colonel Ario Pardee, Jr., One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TWENTIETH CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Circular Orders, Numbers 144, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from the capture of Atlanta, September 2, 1864, to the occupation of Savannah, Ga., December 21, 1864:

During the occupation of Atlanta the brigade was camped near the intersection of the Sandtown with the White Hall road, and occupied the fortified position of the enemy constructed to command these roads. The usual camp and picket duties were performed, and in addition to this details from the command were on duty in the construction of the chain of fortifications which encircled the city. On the 25th [21st] day of October Colonel John Flynn, being temporarily in command, the brigade formed part of a foraging expedition under the command of Colonel Dustin, THIRD DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps, and proceeded to Latimar's farm, returning to its camp October 24, 1864. This was the only change of duty of any material importance which occurred until November 9, 1864, when Colonel Young, with his command of about 1,000 cavalry

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

