
and a section of artillery, drove in the pickets of the brigade and sought to enter the works. The attack was easily repulsed and without a casualty in the brigade. The enemy left 2 men killed and 2 men wounded on the field. From a prisoner captured it was learned that from 15 to 20 men had been carried away wounded. November 13, acting under the orders of the general commanding DIVISION, the brigade was engaged part of this day in destroying the railroad from the water-tank to a point two miles and a quarter therefrom in the direction of the Chattahoochee River by burning the ties and bending and twisting the rails, and of which a special report was made the day following. For some days previous to November 15, 1864, active preparations were made for the campaign which commenced that day. *

Respectfully submitted.

ARIO PARDEE, JR.,

Colonel 147th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 36. Report of Major Myron T. Wright, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment Ohio VET. VOL. INFTY.,Savannah, Ga., December 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second DIVISION, Twentieth Corps, dated Savannah, Ga., December 23, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of my command:

I assumed command of the Twenty-ninth Ohio on the 8th day of September, 1864, at Atlanta, Ga. From this date to the 24th nothing of note took place more than the regular routine of camp duty. September 25 had review. September 28 received detail to go to Nashville, Tenn., with my regiment. September 29, at 9 a. m., I marched the regiment to Captain-'s quarters for transportation; failed, and returned to camp. October 2, received orders to move at once with one day's rations, marched to the depot at 3 p. m. ; moved to the Chattahoochee River; disembarked and marched across the river; camped for the night. 4th, put my command on the train for Nashville, when I received a telegram to return to Atlanta. Recrossed the river and took the cars for Atlanta. After arriving in the city went into camp two miles northwest from depot, facing south. 11th, moved the regiment to the right half a mile, and came into line where the One hundred and second New York was. 18th, moved camp again three-quarters of a mile farther to the right, near a fort. 20th, received orders to move at 7 a. m. [21st]; marched the regiment to brigade headquarters; remained there till 7. 30, when the brigade moved, Twenty-ninth in center of second section of train; passed through Decatur; Twenty-ninth on picket in night. 22nd and 23d, foraged pretty extensively; Twenty-ninth lost 1 man killed, William D. Haynes, private Company D. 24th, returned to camp with teams well loaded with forage. Nothing special occurred

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

