
from this date to end of month. November 5, received orders at 2 p. m. to march. Moved out on the McDonough road about one mile and went into camp for the night, Twenty-ninth on extreme right of DIVISION. 6th, returned to Atlanta and went into our old camp, 8th, election day; some excitement in Twenty-ninth; polled 384 votes; Lincoln received 344; McClellan, 40. 9th, at sunrise our line was attacked; immediately moved the Twenty-ninth into position; sent out skirmishers; attack did not reach us; remained in trenches until 12 m., then moved back to quarters and stacked arms. *

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

MYRON T. WRIGHT,

Major Twenty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Div., 20th Corps.

Numbers 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Cresson, Seventy-THIRD Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of events transpiring in connection with my regiment from the occupation of Atlanta, Ga., September 2, 1864, to the occupation of Savannah, Ga., December 21, 1864:

The regiment entered Atlanta of the evening of September 2, and was posted September 3 on the left of the McDonough road, removing to the right of the road on the 5th, when the regiment went into camp, doing picket, guard, and fatigue duty on the fortifications, and all duty required of troops at garrisoned posts, remaining until October 16, when it was ordered out on a foraging expedition, under command of Colonel Robinson, commanding First Brigade, First DIVISION, to the vicinity of Flat Shoals, Ga., returning and occupying our former camp on the 19th, where it remained doing duty until the 26th of the same month, when it was again ordered out on a similar expedition under General John W. Geary, commanding Second DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps, to the vicinity of Yellow River, Ga., returning to our previous camp on the 29th, resuming our regular routine of picket, fatigue duty, &amp;c., where it remained until November 5, when it was ordered to strike tents and prepare for marching. Marching about three miles out the McDonough road, we halted and remained until the day following (November 6), when we were ordered back, and occupation our previous camp, in which we remained until November 15. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. CRESSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-THIRD Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain N. K. BRAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

