
two miles south of East Point. Slight skirmishing occurred each day, but without loss to us. October 23, the brigade marched toward East Point to support the Second Brigade of this DIVISION, which relieved this command in guarding the trains, but did not engage the enemy. October 26, the brigade, with One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Second Brigade, Second DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps, reported to General Geary, commanding another foraging expedition, which proceeded about five miles beyond Stone Mountain eastward, and returned on the 29th of October with wagons loaded with corn and a large quantity of other supplies. The brigade was commanded on this occasion by Lieutenant Colonel K. S. Van Voorhis, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers.

November 5, the brigade, in accordance with orders received, broke camp and marched with the DIVISION out on the McDonough road about two miles and bivouacked. November 6, returned to our former camp. November 9, the brigade was placed in the works in our front, the enemy having opened with cannon on the southeast of the town. Before the command was fully in position the enemy drove in a part of our picket line and opened from a battery on our right. Our pickets were pushed out as skirmishers and pressed the enemy so closely that he withdrew his battery, and soon quiet was restored. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. BARNUM,

Colonel 149th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. T. FORBES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 39. Report of Major Thomas Elliott, Sixtieth New York Infantry.

From the 2nd to the 14th of September the regiment was occupied, in pursuance to orders, with the remainder of the brigade, in constructing quarters and occupying works for defense south of the city of Atlanta. On the 14th, under orders received from the DIVISION commander, the regiment proceeded to Chattahoochee as an escort to paymasters awaiting an opportunity to pay the army.

Returning on the 23rd it took its former position, which was retained without material change till the 11th of October, when, with the brigade, it proceeded as a portion of an expedition sent out in the direction of Yellow River for forage. A large amount of forage was obtained, very fortunately supplying the command when much needed.

The enemy having destroyed a portion of the railroad in rear of Atlanta, on the 21st of October the regiment, forming a portion of the command, assisted in replacing it by iron obtained from the road in the vicinity of East Point, which duty was continued till all railroad iron was removed from East Point to Atlanta.

On the 24th of October, as a portion of one of the various foraging expeditions, the regiment a second time assisted in procuring a large amount of forage, being absent three days in the direction of Stone Mountain.

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

