
From the time of returning nothing of moment transpired in the command to the 15th of November other than ordinary camp duty, with the necessary preparation for an active campaign. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS ELLIOTT,

Major, Commanding Sixtieth Regiment New York Veteran Vols.

Numbers 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harvey S. Chatfield, One hundred and second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of operations of this regiment from the time of the occupation of Atlanta by the Twentieth Army Corps to the occupation of Savannah, Ga., December 21, 1864, dividing the same into two parts, the first relating to events occurring during our stay in Atlanta, Ga., and the second to those occurring during the recent campaign through Georgia, and as it will make the same much more simple and brief by giving it in the form of a diary, I shall adopt that method. The details of the entry of the regiment into Atlanta have been given in my report of the summer campaign:

After out entry into Atlanta, in accordance with orders received from by brigade commander, I moved the regiment to the rear of a line of works which had been thrown up by the enemy on the south side of the city, my left resting upon the Macon railroad, and there laid out a camp. The regiment remained in this camp until the 12th day of September, 1864, when the position of the brigade was changed to a better locality, nearer the city and about half a mile to the rear of the works, on which place another camp was laid out, this regiment being placed on the left of the brigade. While here the time was spent in drilling and preparing the men for an active campaign whenever called upon, and during a considerable portion of the time the regiment was employed in the construction of the new line of works then being built about the city.

On the 11th day of October, 1864, the regiment accompanied a foraging expedition which went from the city under command of Brigadier General John W. Geary. Left at 6 a. m., marched about thirteen miles in a southeasterly direction, and bivouacked for the night near South River at about 8 p. m.

The next day crossed South River in charge of a portion of the trat four miles south of the river, filled the wagons with corn and corn fodder, and returned to ied the night previous about 7 p. m. and bivouacked. Left at 7 a. m. and again crossed South River. Two companies of the regiment were placed across a road leading in an easterly direction from the one traveled by the trains to guard against any approach by the enemy in that direction, under command of Captain R. B. Hathaway. Marched about five miles south of the river with the remainder of the regiment, when, after remaining a short time, I was ordered to move back to our camp-ground and guard FIFTY wagons filled with forage to that place, which I did, arriving there about 2 p. m. The same day at 8 p. m. the

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

