
command started on their return. Marched in rear of the first 100 wagons of the train [until] about 3 a. m. of the 14th and bivouacked. Left about 8 a. m. Marched in rear of the first 100 wagons and reached the camp of the regiment at Atlanta about noon. No casualties occurred during the expedition.

On the 26th day of October, 1864, the regiment accompanied another expedition under command of Brigadier General J. W. Geary. Marched out upon the Decatur road at 6 a. m. Reaching Decatur the regiment was separated from the brigade and formed the advance guard of the wagon train. Marched about fifteen miles and bivouacked about 8 p. m. near Yellow River, the regiment doing picket duty for the DIVISION.

On the 27th the picket was attacked by a small scouting party of the enemy's cavalry on both roads leading in an easterly direction, but their advance was checked by the force which I had thrown across these roads; remaining here until the evening of the 27th, when the column started about 8 p. m. and marched about seven miles toward Atlanta.

On the 28th started about noon and reached the regimental camp at Atlanta about 6 p. m.

On the 5th of November, 1864, pursuant to orders received from brigade commander, the regiment broke camp at Atlanta and moved out on the McDonough road about two miles south of the city and bivouacked.

About noon on the 6th of November orders were received to move back to our original camp, which was done.

On the 9th of November, 1864, the enemy attacked the picket-line on the Macon road an advanced with a section of artillery and a few dismounted cavalry toward our works. The regiment was quickly moved into its position in the works and there remained awaiting any attack which the enemy might make. After shelling our line a short time the enemy retired. During the attack one man was slightly wounded by a shell. From this time until the commencement of the Georgia campaign the men were busy preparing for the active service which was soon to commence.

In the foregoing summary of events occurring during our occupation of Atlanta I have been necessarily brief and somewhat disconnected, having lost my diary relating to that period, and therefore trusting almost entirely to my memory. *

Respectfully submitted.

H. S. CHATFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. T. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Koert S. Van Voorhis, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 137TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following regimental report of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, commencing with the occupation of Atlanta, Ga., on the 2nd day of September, 1864; paragraph I embracing a summary of events while

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

