
remaining in that city, and paragraph II a compend in diary form of the campaign commencing on the 15th day of November and ending on the 21st day of December, 1864:

I.

On the morning of the 3rd of September the regiment was encamped in the rear of a fort on the right of the Macon turnpike, on the south side of the city, as a support for a battery planted there.

On the 10th of same month David Ireland, colonel of this regiment and commanding THIRD Brigade, Second DIVISION, Twentieth Corps, died of dysentery.

On the 12th we moved an were encamped with the other regiments of the brigade on a line, this regiment being THIRD in line. While in this camp brigade dress parades were held whenever practicable, also brigade, battalion, company, and squad drills, officers' schools, &amp;c., meanwhile furnishing details for picket and fatigue, ranging in number from forty to seventy-five men daily.

On the 25th were reviewed by Major-General Slocum, General Sherman being present.

On the 29th of September, also on the 1st of October, we took part in DIVISION drills, conducted by Brigadier-General Geary.

October 10 started on a foraging expedition, which proved highly successful, returning on the 13th, having marched about forty miles.

On the 19th, in company with the brigade, we embarked on a train for East Point, after reaching which place we marched about two miles on the WEST Point railroad, where we stood guard while the track was torn up by a negro gang, the iron being loaded on the train to be sent to repair the track on the Chattanooga railroad near Resaca. On the two following days were employed similarly taking up the iron also on the Macon road, four miles below East Point.

On Sunday, October 24, the regiment was hurriedly ordered out with the brigade to march toward East Point to support the Second Brigade, Second DIVISION, who, being in that vicinity after railroad iron, were reported to have been attacked by a rebel force. After marching in that direction about a mile we halted and stacked arms. After remaining about three hours we returned to camp, affairs with the Second Brigade having terminated all right.

On the 26th we again started on an expedition for forage, via Decatur. Returned on the 29th, after having marched about FIFTY miles, obtaining an abundant supply of forage.

November 5, pursuant to orders, we struck tents, and at 3 p. m. formed line and started with the brigade, and marched a little over a mile out of the city on the McDonough road and encamped for the night; and on the morning of the 6th marched back to the city and reoccupied our former camps.

On the morning of the 9th, a rebel force having attacked our picket-line near the Macon railroad, we were ordered at once to fall in, and took the double-quick to the outer line of breast- works, when the rebels, after throwing a few shells at us, rapidly fell back, and we quietly returned to camp. Nothing further of importance occurred until the morning of Tuesday, November 15. *

K. S. VAN VOORHIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain O. T. MAY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

