
Numbers 42. Report of Major Nicholas Grumbach, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The last report by the commander of this regiment was to the date of September 2, 1864, the regiment on that night bivouacking in the streets of Atlanta, Ga.

September 3, the regiment and brigade marched to the fortifications on the southern boundaries of the city and went into camp.

September 10, Colonel H. A. Barnum, in consequence of the death of Colonel Ireland, was ordered to the command of the THIRD Brigade, and the command of this regiment devolved upon Major Grumbach.

September 12, the regiment and brigade moved about half a mile back from the works toward the city and built winter quarters. The time from this date to October 11 was occupied in working on the inner line of fortifications, review, parades, drills, and the usual routine of duties appertaining to camp life.

October 11, the regiment and brigade went on a foraging expedition to Flat Rock and returned on the 14th with train loaded with forage.

October 19 to 22, the regiment guarded railroad train and men engaged in tearing up rails on East Point railroad to and from East Point.

October 26, the regiment, with other troops, went on a foraging expedition to Yellow River, Ga., and returned the 29th, having met with good success and filling 500 wagons with forage. The intermediate time, between October 29 and November 5, was passed in performing the usual duties of camp.

November 5, regiment broke camp at 3 p. m., and, with brigade and DIVISION, moved out on the McDonough road and bivouacked till November 6; the order to march having been countermanded, the regiment returned to camp at Atlanta at 12 m.

November 9, at 6 a. m. a body of rebel cavalry, estimated at 1,200, attacked the works in front of us with shell and were repulsed, leaving 3 men killed and 2 wounded. Casualties on our side, none. The time from November 9 to the 15th was principally spent in preparing for the grand campaign which was to follow. *

Respectfult servant,

NICHOLAS GRUMBACH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. T. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Brigadier General William T. Ward, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD DIVISION.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cheves House, S. C., January 4, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this DIVISION from the occupation of Atlanta, September 2, 1864, to the occupation of Savannah, December 21, 1864:

September 2, a report has already been forwarded of the capture of Atlanta, and of the position of troops in the city; so that it is now

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

