
unnecessary to repeat. The troops remained in the same position until September 23, when the First Brigade and one regiment, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, of the THIRD Brigade, were moved to the railroad bridge over the Chattahoochee River, where they remained until the commencement of the campaign just ended. Of the foraging parties sent out from Atlanta and the railroad bridge I know nothing myself, having been home on leave of absence. Inclosed I forward the report of Colonel Daniel Dustin, One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, who commanded the DIVISION during my absence, also the reports of assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence as to amounts of forage and subsistence taken from the country at that time. On the 5th day of December [November], pursuant to an order received from Major-General Slocum, the DIVISION moved out of town on the McDonough road, by was ordered to its old camp the next morning. One man from the Thirty-THIRD Indiana was killed while on the skirmish line. On the 6th [9th] the enemy made a slight demonstration on our lines, fired a few shells, but retired without doing any damage. On the 13th day of November, pursuant to an order from corps headquarters, I ordered Colonel Smith, commanding First Brigade, to move his command toward the city, destroying the track of the railroad, until he met a party of the First DIVISION working on the road from the town. This was done. *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding THIRD Div., 20th Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Reports of Colonel Daniel Dustin, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding THIRD DIVISION.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the DIVISION during the time that I had the honor to command it, as follows:

I assumed command on the 23rd day of September, Brigadier-General Ward being absent on leave. I found the First Brigade in command of Colonel Smith, of the One hundred and second Illinois, the Second under Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, of the Twenty-second Wisconsin, and the THIRD under Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, of the Twentieth Connecticut. The position of the command was not changed until the -, when by order from corps headquarters the First Brigade was sent to the Chattahoochee River for the purpose of guarding the railroad bridge on the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, and on the [8th of October] the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, of the THIRD Brigade, was also sent to the same place, reporting to Colonel Smith. The picket duty of the Second and THIRD Brigades consisted in guarding their front, extending from the McDonough road on the right, and connecting with the pickets of the Second DIVISION to the Atlanta and Augusta Railroad on the left, and connecting with the pickets of the First

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

