
DIVISION. During the month of October heavy details were made from the Second and THIRD Brigades for work upon the fortifications, then being erected in and around the city of Atlanta. Lieutenant- Colonel Powers, of the FIFTY-fifth Ohio, had charge of this working party, and the men performed a large amount of hard labor upon these works. During the month of October four large foraging expeditions were sent out from Atlanta by authority of the corps commander. For each of these expeditions the DIVISION furnished one brigade. The THIRD Brigade accompanied the first expedition, which went out on the [11th of October], under the command of Brigadier- General Geary, and returned on the fourth day. The Second Brigade went with the second expedition, which started on the 16th, and was commanded by Colonel Robinson, of the First DIVISION, and also returned on the fourth day. The THIRD expedition started on the 21st and was under my command. The THIRD Brigade formed a part of this expedition, together with the First Brigade, First DIVISION, Colonel Selfridge, and the Second [First] Brigade, Second DIVISION, Colonel Flynn. This expedition returned on the morning of the fourth day with 928 wagon loads of forage, making a quicker trip and bringing in a larger amount of forage than any other expedition. Attention is called to my special report of this expedition, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. The Second Brigade, which, on account of the illness of Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, was commanded by Major Brant, of the Eighty-fifth Indiana, was detailed to accompany the fourth and last expedition, under Brigadier-General Geary, which left Atlanta on the 26th and returned on the fourth day. All these expeditions were a complete success, and proved of great importance in the way of subsistence, considering the interruptions in our lines of communication. On the-of September the DIVISION was reviewed by Major-General Slocum, and, considering the long and tedious campaign just closed, and the difficulty of securing new clothing, the command presented a very creditable appearance, and was well spoken of by the reviewing officer. The transportation was well arranged and in good condition. On the - I was relieved by the return of Brigadier- General Ward.

In conclusion I desire to express my high appreciation of the officers and men of the command for their efficiency and prompt attention to duty. My thanks are specially due to the members of the DIVISION staff for the great kindness and courtesy extended to me while exercising the brief authority of DIVISION commander, and for the substantial assistance they gave me on all occasions.

Respectfully submitted.

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel 105th Illinois Volunteers, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain John SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., October 24, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the late foraging expedition under my charge moved from the city as per order at 6 a. m. on the 21st instant. The troops consisted of the following: First Brigade, First DIVISION, under Colonel Selfridge, 1,000; Second [First] Brigade, Second DIVISION, under Colonel Flynn, 1,000 men; THIRD Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, under Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, 888 men; cav-

