
alry under Colonel Garrard, 400 men: total, 3,228 men; also two batteries of artillery, Captain Winegar. The command moved direct to Decatur, where the train was parked for more complete organization. From Decatur we took direct road to Latimar's, with cavalry in advance. Detachments of cavalry were also sent on the road to the right to Flat Shoals, and to the left toward Stone Mountain, all converging at Latimar's, where we encamped for the first night. On the 22nd some 450 wagons were loaded in season to move back two miles and a half toward Decatur to Snapfinger Creek, where we encamped for the second night. By noon of the 23rd all the wagons were loaded, and at 1 p. m. the head of the column moved out on the return march with the intention of parking at Decatur for the THIRD night. Just at this time Colonel Carman, with his brigade, reported with communication from corps headquarters. Coming up in our rear, he moved his brigade to the head of the column, which occasioned some delay in the march. The last of the train was parked at Decatur at 1. 30 o'clock at night. The command moved from Decatur for Atlanta at 7 a. m. of the 24th. No enemy was seen, except a few straggling cavalrymen, 1 of whom was taken prisoner. But one or two acts of unwarrantable pillaging were reported.

Four hundred wagons can be loaded with corn in the vicinity of Latimar's. A considerable quantity is reported two or three miles north of Lithonia. The rapid manner in which the wagons were loaded and the quick return of the expedition is to be ascribed, in a great measure, to the efficiency of the brigade commanders, and to the prompt and energetic personal attention which they gave to the work assigned to their commands. The wagon train was a most unwieldy thing, and under so many untoward circumstances the quartermaster of the expedition, Captain Summers, deserves great credit for his untiring industry in the execution of his arduous duties, and for trtions. Lieutenant-Colonel Hurst, Seventy-THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry, deserves much commendation for the efficient and diligent performance of his difficult duties as general field officer during the entire expedition.

I respectfully suggest that hereafter these expeditions should not be encumbered with more than 400 wagons, and that measures be taken to prevent an increase of this number by a thorough organization of the train on the day before starting.

Respectfully submitted.

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel, Commanding THIRD DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit to you with my report that of Captain Summers, assistant quartermaster, who was in charge of the forage train. I respectfully call attention to the difference between the number of wagons as given verbally by me, and that stated in the accompanying report. It is owing to the fact that the officer, by whom

