
prudent, and energetic commander, as well as a courteous and agreeable officer and gentleman.

Hoping this report will convey all the information you require, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MOSES SUMMERS,

Captain, Asst. Quartermaster, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 45. Report of Major Hiland H. Clay, One hundred and second Illinois Infantry, First Brigade.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND SECOND Illinois VOLS.,December 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the One hundred and second Regiment Illinois Volunteers from the 2nd day of September to the 20th day of December, 1864:

When the city of Atlanta was first occupied by our forces, September 2, the regiment was stationed north of the Chattahoochee River. It marched on the 16th of September to Atlanta, and remained encamped in the suburbs of the city until the 30th of the same month when it returned to the Chattahoochee and was assigned a position on the south side of the river, protecting the railroad bridge. On the 18th day of October Captain Sedwick with FIFTY men was sent out to recapture a number of horses and mules which the enemy had driven off, and succeeded in recovering three horses and two mules. Captain George W. Woolly, Company F, with a detachment from the regiment, participated in a foraging expedition which started out on the 18th of October and returned on 20th of that month. The teams that were sent out returned loaded with forage.

About the last of October Captain D. W. Sedwick commanded a detachment from the regiment which foraged in the same locality (Roswell Factory). The expedition, which comprised details from the several regiments of the brigade, returned with thirty-seven loads of forage and three wagon loads of potatoes. Two other foraging parties were sent out under officers of my command during the time the regiment was stationed at the Chattahoochee River, but the officers who were in charge being absent at this time no report of their operations can be furnished.

The regiment participated in the work of destroying the railroad between the Chattahoochee and Atlanta on the 12th of October; probably tore up three-fourths of a mile of the railroad track. November 14, marched to Atlanta and joined the DIVISION. *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. H. CLAY,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

