
Numbers 46. Report of Major Henry D. Brown, One hundred and fifth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 105TH Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the part taken by my regiment in the late operations, commencing the 2nd day of August [September], 1864, and ending the present date:

When the city of Atlanta was taken possession of by the troops of the Twentieth Corps, my regiment, then in command of Colonel Dustin, was left at the Chattahoochee River to guard the bridges and stores remaining there. After the 16th of September all the regiments of the First Brigade, except the One hundred and fifth, having moved down to Atlanta, this command, in connection with the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry, did the duty at the river. Strong works prepared and the utmost vigilance exercised to guard against guerrillas and marauders who infested the country thereabouts. Colonel Dustin assumed command of the brigade, in the absence of Colonel Harrison, on the 18th of September, when Lieutenant-Colonel Dutton commanded the regiment until the 9th of October, when, having received leave of absence, he left for Illinois. Since his absence I have had command. While lying at the river frequent details were made for foraging purposes. The First Brigade having moved back from Atlanta on 1st of October, all the regiments furnished men for foraging parties. On the 24th of October I was sent out in charge of a party of 550 men and a train of wagons, to be gone three days. On the second day out the party was attacked by a force of guerrillas several times. I parked the train, deployed the men into line, and drove them off without any loss. Arrived in camp with train well loaded with provisions. On the 7th of November an order was received at these headquarters transferring the One hundred and fifth into the Second Brigade, Colonel Dustin being placed in command of brigade. During the campaign just closed my regiment has borne an honorable part. We left camp at Chattahoochee River on the morning of 14th of November, and, until we camped before Savannah, was on the march through Georgia, tearing up railroad and doing other duty. The march was rapid. *

H. D. BROWN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. H. TREGO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 47. Reports of Major Zachariah S. Ragan, Seventieth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTIETH INDIANA,Turner's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, Ga., October 23, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with a request of General Slocum, I have the honor to transmit the following detailed account of the skirmishing of part of my command with the rebels on the 19th instant:

About 11. 30 a. m. information reached me that rebel cavalry were seen down the river. I ordered out immediately Captain Carson, with thirty men, instructed to proceed cautiously down the river at about two

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

