
On assuming command of the brigade, I found it organized as follows: Thirty-THIRD Indiana Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant- Colonel Burton, 636 men; Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood, 711 men; Nineteenth Michigan Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Baker, 703 men; Eighty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, 640 men; grand aggregate, 2,690 men. Of this number the total present was 1,531 men; number of muskets present, 1,222. I found the Nineteenth Michigan detached and on duty in the city of Atlanta, reporting to Colonel Crane, One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, commanding a provisional brigade.

On the 14th I announced the brigade staff as follows: Major Wilson Hobbs, Eighty-fifth Indiana, surgeon in chief; Captain A. G. Kellam, Twenty-second Wisconsin, acting assistant adjutant- general; Captain William Bones, Twenty-second Wisconsin, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain D. J. Easton, Nineteenth Michigan, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. C. Johnson, Thirty- THIRD Indiana, topographical engineer and acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant L. M. Wing, Nineteenth Michigan, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant W. S. Harbert, Eighty-fifth Indiana, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant C. A. Booth, Twenty- second Wisconsin, provost-marshal; Lieutenant H. C. Brown, Eighty-fifth Indiana, brigade ambulance officer; Lieutenant John Hart, Thirty-THIRD Indiana, pioneer officer. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. DUSTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain John SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James E. Burton, Thirty- THIRD Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD INDIANA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I took command of the Thirty-THIRD Indiana Veteran Volunteers at Atlanta, Ga., on the 23rd day of September, 1864, vice Major Levin T. Miller, resigned. The regiment was with the brigade in the defense of the city, doing picket and fatigue duty, which was daily occupation, until October 16, 1864, when, with the brigade, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bloodgood (the expedition commanded by Colonel Robinson), the regiment went on a foraging expedition, making a march of sixteen miles, camping at Flat Shoals, South River. October 17, 1864, moved east five miles, loaded wagons with corn, potatoes, beef, and pork; returned and camped on same ground. October 18, 1864, moved out south seven miles; loaded forty wagons with the above-named articles; sent 100 men out under command of Captain Maze, who flanked and routed a squad of the enemy's cavalry; returned to same camp. October 19, 1864, returned to Atlanta, resumed picket and fatigue until the 26th of October, 1864, Went on foraging expedition with the brigade, commanded by Major Brant, Eighty-fifth Indiana (the expedition commanded by General Geary), marching twenty-four miles. October 27, 1864, detailed from brigade with other regiments to guard and load 100 wagons,

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

