
which was done with the best of corn, fodder, &amp;c. ; returned to same camp. October 28, 1864, marched seven miles past Stone Mountain. October 29, 1864, returned to Atlanta, a distance of fifteen miles. Resumed picket duty until November 5, 1864. Moved out four miles on the McDonough road, went into camp, and put out pickets. November 6, 1864, pickets were attacked by rebel cavalry. The enemy was repulsed by a loss on our part of 1 man (Hiram Like, private, Company B, Thirty-THIRD Indiana) killed. Returned to camp at Atlanta and resumed our formed duties until November 15, 1864. *

JAS. E. BURTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-THIRD Indiana Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Captain A. G. KELLAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 50. Report of Major Jefferson E. Brant, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment during the occupation of Atlanta from september 3 to November 11, 1864:

From the 3rd of September to the 4th of October the regiment was in position on the right of the Augusta railroad and near the line of rebel works that cover Atlanta on the southeast. During this time the regiment changed position on this line no less than five times, but finally went into camp on that part of the line above described, near the city cemetery, where it remained during the occupation of Atlanta. From the 4th to the 16th of October the regiment furnished from 70 to 110 men daily for work on the fortifications then being constructed. During this time it also furnished daily FIFTY enlisted men for picket on the long line which the regiment had to cover, there being no other troops on this line from the right of the First DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps, to the left of the Thirty-THIRD Indiana, a distance of at least one mile. While on this line up to the 16th of October the regiment was reequipped and fully prepared for another campaign. On the 16th of October the regiment with brigade was reported to Colonel Robinson, commanding a brigade of First DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps, and under his command was engaged in a foraging expedition of four days into the country southeast of Atlanta. On the 16th the regiment marched in front of the brigade and in the center of the train of 700 wagons, and covering that part of the train adjacent. The regiment with brigade went into camp near Flat Rock at 8 p. m., having marched eighteen miles. On the 17th the regiment with brigade moved out some four miles in the direction of Covington, and was engaged during the day in guarding the train and filling wagons with forage. In the evening returned and camped for the night in the position occupied the night previous. On the 18th the regiment with brigade moved out southward across Flat Rock Creek in the direction of Jonesborough some five miles. Here the regiment was divided, detachments being sent in different directions to guard and load wagons. In the evening

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

44 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

