
with a detachment, was ordered to Frankfort to make a reconnaissance, and if possible to take one of the fortifications, which order he carried out with great gallantry.

Learning that a force of the enemy were at Cynthiana, I moved at once in that direction, which place was reached at daylight on the morning of the 11th, and after a severe fight succeeded in capturing the garrison, but not until a great portion of the city had been burned. The Federals took shelter in the houses, and the only alternative (as we had no artillery) was to fire them. About 400 prisoners were taken at this place. Colonel Giltner, with the First Brigade, met a brigade of the enemy below town under General Hobson, and engaged them several hours. Taking command of Major Cassell's battalion in person, I maneuvered it so as to get in their rear, when the entire command (1,500) surrendered without further resistance. General Hobson when I passed surrendered without further resistance. General Hobson when I passed through Pound Gap was in command of one of the DIVISIONS of General Burbridge, near Piketon, Ky. He left his forces under General Burbridge, passed down Sandy River by boat, and through Ohio to Cincinnati by rail; there he was given this fine brigade. Puree trains he steamed away to Cynthiana. All three of the trains were wrecked, and my command provided themselves with what equipments they required, burned the trains, and destroyed 1,500 stand of muskets.

General Hobson and staff were sent at their own request under flag of truce to Cincinnati to try and arrange with General Heintzelman for an exchange. If an exchange could not be affected, to report to me in Virginia. Major Chenoweth, Surgeon Goode, and C. C. Morgan accompanied the flag. These officers I understand are held as prisoners of war by the Federal authorities.

The next morning (12th instant) we were attacked by 5,200 infantry, cavalry, and artillery, under General Burbridge. My command engaged did not exceed 1,200 men, as a large detail had to be made to guard prisoners and protect wagon train, and also detachments destroying the two lines of railroad, which was all-important. My troops behaved with great gallantry and stubbornly contested every foot of ground. Finding in a short time we would be completely by the enemy, and our ammunition almost entirely exhausted, I ordered Colonels Giltner and Smith, commanding brigades, to fall back upon the Augusta road. The prisoners had been sent in that direction the night previous. After marching them fifteen miles the officers and men were paroled, numbering 2,500. I moved through Flemingsburg and WEST Liberty and reached Abingdon 20th of June.

I have lost, as near as can be ascertained, about 80 killed, 125 wounded, and 150 captured and missing. The recruits enlisted in Kentucky, however, will fully make up this deficit, and my command will be as strong as when I first entered the State.

The result of the expedition may be summed up as follows:

First. The defeat of the enemy's plans for the capture of the salt- works and lead-mines of Southwest Virginia.

Second. The remounting of 900 dismounted cavalrymen with horses, equipments, &amp;c., at the expense of the enemy; the exchange of about the same number of broken-down horses for fresh ones; the capture of sufficient clothing and shoes to supply the immediately wants of my command, and the destruction of about $2,000,000 worth of property of the U. S. Government.

THIRD. The breaking up temporarily of the enemy's negro recruiting operations in Middle and Eastern Kentucky, and the discovery on the

