
returned to the camp occupied the night previous. On the 19th the regiment, in the rear of brigade and in the center of the wagon train, marched back to Atlanta, where it arrived at 8 p. m., having accomplished its share of the work without loss. While on this expedition the regiment marched FIFTY-four miles, loaded some 60 wagons with forage, principally corn, and obtained a temporary supply of fresh meats, sweet potatoes, &amp;c. From the 19th to the 26th of October the regiment remained in camp furnishing the usual details for picket and other purposes. On the morning of the 26th of October the regiment with the brigade reported to General Geary, and under his command was engaged in a second foraging expedition in the direction of Stone Mountain, east of Atlanta. Lieutenant- Colonel Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, then in command of the brigade, being sick, the command of the brigade devolved upon me during the expedition, and that of the regiment upon Captain Sherman, of Company A. On the 26th the regiment marched in front of the brigade and guarded the center of the train of 800 wagons. Two companies B and G, marched in rear of 150 wagons of the second DIVISION of the train. The regiment camped for the night four miles east of Stone Mountain, having marched twenty miles. On the 27th most of the regiment remained in camp guarding a part of the train in park. During the day detachment were sent out to load wagons, all returning to camp in the evening, excepting a detachment of 110 men under command of Captain McAnderson, who had been sent some five miles southeast of Stone Mountain. On the 28th the regiment remained in camp until 4 p. m., when with brigade it moved back toward the little town of Gibraltar, most of the regiment being deployed as pickets to the right of the road. After passing the town of Gibraltar about two miles went into camp on the Atlanta road. Here the detachment, under command of Captain McAnderson, rejoined the regiment at midnight, having marched around to the south of Stone Mountain and been successful in loading some FIFTY wagons with forage. On the 29th the regiment, in rear of brigade and in the center of second DIVISION of the train, marched back to Atlanta, where it arrived at 5 p. m., having during the expedition loaded about seventy wagons with forage and obtained a temporary supply of fresh meats and sweet potatoes. In these four days the regiment marched over FIFTY miles, and did its share of the work without the loss of a man. From the 29th of October to the 10th [9th] of November nothing of interest occurred worthy of noting. On the morning of November 10 [9] at daylight the enemy moved up two pieces of artillery within plain view and easy shelling distance of the camp and opened on the regiment, throwing shot and shell for some fifteen in camp, but fortunately injuring no one. In anticipation of an attack, I immediately deployed the regiment along the works from the Augusta railroad to the fort on the right. Fortunately no attack was made. On the 11th of November Lieutenant-Colonel Crane returned to and assumed command of the regiment.

During the period embraced in this report the sanitary condition of the regiment was excellent, but one man having died of disease during the occupation of Atlanta. I cannot but contemplate with pleasure upon the cheerfulness in which all duties were performed by officers and men of the regiment. Where all are equally prompt and careful in the discharge of duty I deem it unjust to make invidious distinctions.

Respectfully submitted.

J. E. BRANT,

Major Eighty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain A. G. KELLAM, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

