
Numbers 51. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Bloodgood, Twenty-second Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS.,Savannah, Ga., December 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following military history of my command from the occupation of the city of Atlanta, Ga., to the present date:

September 2, the regiment took an active part in the occupation of Atlanta, by the Second Brigade, under command of Colonel John Coburn, Thirty-THIRD Indiana, and taking position in the earth- works of the enemy, went into camp. Nothing of note took place until October 16, when the regiment, with brigade (commanded by myself), accompanied a large foraging expedition, being absent four days, penetrating some thirty miles into the enemy's country, and loading some 800 wagons with corn and forage. A similar expedition started October 26, not going so far, however, but meeting with the same success, and without finding any considerable force of the rebels. During this time the regiment was commanded by Captain A. G. Kellam, and I was in command of the brigade. About November 1 large preparations commenced for the campaign just ended. A full supply of clothing and equipments was issued to the men, and baggage of all kinds was reduced to its minimum. I resumed command of the regiment, having been relieved in command of brigade by Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, Eighty-fifth Indiana Volunteers. November 5, the entire corps broke camp, and moving three miles out of city on McDonough road, camped for night. On the morning of November 6 the pickets of the Second Brigade were attacked by a small force of the enemy's cavalry, who soon retired. At 3 p. m. orders came to return to the city, which was done, the troops occupying the quarters left by them the day before. During these two days the regiment received eight months' pay to August 31, 1864. November 8, election was held; the regiment polled 382 votes, 372 of which were for Lincoln.

Remained in camp, doing light picket duty until the orders came for the beginning of the campaign, whose objective point was a mystery. *

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BLOODGOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. G. KELLAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 52. Report of Colonel Samuel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., December 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since the last report, which embraced the occupation of Atlanta, September 2, 1864:

The brigade was then encamped southeast of the city of Atlanta, Ga., and furnished daily large details for working parties on the fortifi-

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

