
cations. The Thirty-THIRD Massachusetts Volunteers formed part of the provost guard of the city, and rejoined the brigade at Milledgeville on the 23rd of November. On the 8th of October the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers was detached the brigade to Colonel F. C. Smith, One hundred and second Illinois Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, at the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee River, and rejoined the brigade at Atlanta on the 14th of November. On the 21st of October the brigade formed part of a foraging expedition under command of Colonel Daniel Dustin, One hundred and fifth Illinois Volunteers, commanding THIRD DIVISION, which penetrated the country southeast fifteen miles to near Lithonia. Nine hundred wagon loads of corn were captured by the troops, and a quantity of provisions sufficient to subsist the men during the four days they were absent from Atlanta.

On the 5th of November, 1864, this brigade moved with the balance of the corps two miles on the McDonough road, where it remained until noon of the next day, and returned to its former encampment. On the morning of the 9th of November the enemy advanced toward our lines with cavalry and artillery, evidently supposing that the army had left Atlanta. A field battery opened fire; some small-arms were used. The affair was simply a demonstration on the part of the enemy, and no casualties were reported in this command. In the afternoon of the same day Colonel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, rejoined the brigade and assumed command, relieving Lieutenant-Colonel Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, who had been in command since the departure of Colonel Wood, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, on leave absence September 23, 1864. *

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. ROSS,

Colonel Twentieth Connecticut Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain John SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 53. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Philo B. Buckingham, Twentieth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH Regiment CONNECTICUT VOL. INFANTRY,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

In obedience to requirements of circular from brigade headquarters, of date the 23rd instant, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the date of my last report, made soon after the occupation of Atlanta, on the 6th of September:

From this date to the 5th of November the regiment remained in camp south of Atlanta, near the line of rebel works, and from the 3rd of October to the last-named date furnished nearly one-half of the effective force of the regiment for fatigue and picket duty, the fatigue party having been engaged in building a new line of works about the city. On the 14th of September 250 men with a proper proportion of officers and non-commissioned officers, all under the charge of Captain

---------------

*

For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

