
Ezra Sprague, were sent to accompany Colonel Le Duc, chief quartermaster of the corps, on a foraging expedition, and succeeded in loading 125 wagons, having been absent two day. From the 24th of September to the 10th of November I was absent from the regiment, in command of the THIRD Brigade of this DIVISION, during which time the regiment accompanied a foraging expedition which went out under command of Colonel Dustin, then in command of this DIVISION. A detailed report of that expedition will be made by Major Pardee, who was in command of the regiment at that time and during the time of my absence. On the 5th of November the regiment moved with the DIVISION out of camp about two miles on the McDonough road and encamped for the night, and on the following day was ordered back with the DIVISION and occupied its old camp. On the 10th of November I returned and assumed command of the regiment, which remained in camp until the 15th. *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHILO B. BUCKINGHAM,

Lieutenant Colonel Twentieth Connecticut Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin H. Powers, FIFTY- fifth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH REGIMENT Ohio VOL. INFTY.,Savannah, Ga., December 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this regiment entered the city of Atlanta, Ga., on the 2nd day of September, 1864, and having been stationed behind the defenses of that city on the southeast, remained there until the 15th day of November following. While stationed at Atlanta the regiment (at least such portion of it as was then bearing arms) went with the brigade to which it belongs on a foraging expedition to the east of Decatur, and returned on the fourth day thereafter. During its absence from the city on the aforesaid expedition the regiment subsisted upon the country, obtaining about 1,400 pounds of meat of various kinds and about 20 bushels of sweet potatoes, together with vegetables of other kinds, in amount which I am unable to estimate. Of forage obtained by this regiment alone it is impossible to say what was the amount. On the second day of the expedition this regiment, together with the Seventy-THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry(in charge of which I was placed), went to the vicinity of Lithonia, where they filled about 60 wagons with corn, making about 900 bushels (averaging the loads at fifteen bushels each). *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. POWERS,

Lieutenant Colonel FIFTY-fifth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding.

Captain C. H. YOUNG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, THIRD Brigade.

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

