
part of the people of an almost unanimous sentiment of sympathy with our cause, and which promises much support to any advance of our troops in the State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Bragg, who will be interested to see this full and revised report by General Morgan of his last expedition into Kentucky.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Mouth of Beaver, June 3, 1864.

General E. H. HOBSON,

Commanding First DIVISION:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Burbridge to forward to you the following letter of instructions: Early on the morning of June 5 (Sunday) the whole of the command present, except the THIRD Brigade (Colonel Hanson), will advance by the Piketon road at such rate as to reach Pound Gap by Monday evening, June 6. Colonel Hanson will proceed with his command, including the artillery (six pieces), by the Beaver Creek road, and will meet the rest of the command at Pound Gap Monday, June 6. No men will be left but those exempted by the brigade surgeons for disability or sickness, and the dismounted men who will act as guard to the stores which will be accumulated by the time of our return. The four guns, with their caissons, battery wagon, and forge, of Captain Neville's battery, will be placed upon the returning boats and sent to Louisa, sending the limbers of all the carriages down by land, taking with them one day's rations and forage. Two of the wagons (eight mules each) belonging to Captain Neville's battery will be loaded with extra ammunition and forage for their own support, and all other wagons will be sent back to Louisa, as well as any ambulances that may be unfit to proceed farther. The ammunition belonging to the Forty- fifth Kentucky and all the other forces now in advance (Colonel Brown's present command), left here under guard, will be forwarded to Colonel Brown at Piketon with his supplies, and the Spencer rifle ammunition, which will arrive on the boats, will be issued to the Twelfth Ohio and Eleventh Michigan Cavalry in the ration in which they are now supplied. The pistol ammunition will be distributed to the regiments using it in proportion to the amount now respectively on hand. You will send to Piketon to Colonel Brown's command seven days' supplies for man and horse. The ambulances each containing two boxes of ammunition, will follow their respective brigades. The command (excepting Colonel Brown's) will draw six days' rations and forage, which will be understood to last fifteen days, and commanders of companies will be held responsible for all wastage or wanton destruction of either. Each brigade and regimental commander will exercise special supervision on the line of march, halting every hour or hour and a half for ten minutes, and an hour and a half at or near noon, being governed

