
Through rain, day and night, with loss of sleep and hard work, I never heard any complaint. Information gained form escaped negro soldiers, prisoners, and deserters established the fact that it was the intention of the enemy, determined on by Generals Beauregard and Hood at Palmetto, to take Decatur, and if he failed in that to winter at Corinth. Hood's aggregate was about 40,000, with sixty pieces of artillery. He was heard to admit a loss of 1,000 in killed in wounded alone, and this is fully confirmed by soldiers and citizens. The whole of our losses during the siege in killed, wounded, and prisoners is only 113. One hundred and thirty-nine prisoners were captured, including 7 commissioned officers; 32 small-arms; were taken, principally Enfield rifles. For the action of the artillery I refer you to reports of Captain Cooper, chief of artillery, and Captain Beach, Battery A, First Tennessee Light Artillery. The conduct of all the troops was admirable and deserving of praise. Captain Wilson, Thirteenth Indiana Cavalry, in charge of a detachment of his regiment, alone merits censure. He has been placed in arrest and charges preferred against him.

I cannot close this report without extending to the commanding general my thanks for the latitude given me, his junior; and to all the troops, officers and men, I extend my thanks for hearty co- operation. I would especially mention Colonel William Given, One hundred and second Ohio Infantry, who was immediately in command of Fort Numbers 2; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Saylor, Twenty-ninth Michigan; Colonel M. B. Houghton, THIRD Michigan; Colonel J. W. Hall, Fourth Michigan; Colonel J. S. Jones, One hundred and seventy-fourth Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Espy, Sixty-eighth Indiana; Captain Blake, Thirteenth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry; Captains Bullock and Reed, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry, rendered great service, but to Colonel T. J. Morgan and his command, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, I am especially indebted. His skill in handling his men and his bravery under heavy fire are worthy of notice. Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Prosser I cannot praise too highly, and I am much indebted to him and Captain A. F. Beach for the success of the first day's fight. Major Williamson, Tenth Indiana Cavalry, deserves notice. He held his position against heavy odds. The conduct of Captain William C. Moore and Lieutenant R. H. Baker, Eighteenth Michigan, requires no especial mention from me, as the general commanding observed their brilliant, bold dash on enemy's pickets. Captain John J. Stevens, post inspector; Captain C. S. Cooper, chief of artillery; Lieutenant C. T. Hewitt, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant P. V. Wilkins, aide-de-camp, deserve especial mention for gallantry in carrying my orders on the field under heavy fire. I would also mention Captain H. H. Rowe, of the field under heavy fire. I would also mention Captain H. H. Rowe, of the general's staff, who assisted me during first day. Surg. J. M. Evans, post surgeon, gave every attention to the wounded. I have not mentioned Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Thornburgh, as he was acting more immediately on the staff of the general commanding. Again, I say I cannot praise too highly the conduct of all, and I would respectfully suggest that all engaged be ordered to inscribe upon their banners "Decatur. " Permit me also to remark that for a long the garrison of Decatur has been too small, and that the troops have been much overworked. In my opinion this garrison should never be less than 3,000 infantry and 1,000 cavalry, with the present amount of artillery. As a point from which the enemy can be observed and information obtained it is unsurpassed, and the nature of the ground on the north side of

