
river renders it of the utmost importance that it be retained in our possession. In the hands of the enemy, it would occasion us a vast amount of trouble.

I submit list of casualties, marked C; report of prisoners captured, marked D; report of ordnance captured, marked E; diagram of works marked -, and sub-reports of different officers. *

CHS. C. DOOLITTLE,

Colonel Eighteenth Michigan Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant SAMUEL M. KNEELAND,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northern Alabama.

Recapitulation of strength of garrison: First day, 1,500; second day, 2,500; THIRD day, 5,000.

Numbers 57. Report of Captain Charles S. Cooper, Battery D, Second Illinois Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, Post Decatur, Ala., November 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I herein respectfully submit the following report of batteries under my command during the engagement and siege of the 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th October, 1864:

About 12 m. I heard heavy skirmishing on our left. It was soon evident that the enemy was advancing on this place and with large force. You immediately ordered everything in readiness for action. I at once rode to Fort Numbers 1 and ordered Lieutenant Norval Osburn, commanding in readiness for action immediately. Then I proceeded to Fort Numbers 2, and gave the same instructions to Lieutenant H. C. Barger, commanding Battery D, Second Illinois Artillery, in fort; also instructed him to have the signal gun fired, which had been kept loaded for that purpose. I then returned to your office or headquarters, and reported my command in readiness for action. You then ordered me to have Captain Beach, of Battery A, First Tennessee Light Artillery, send one section of his battery to the small fort on the Somerville road, about 800 yards from Fort Numbers 2, to check the advance of the enemy. I immediately gave Captain Beach the instructions, and accompanied him to the position he was to take. After assisting him in clearing away the rubbish from the position he wished to put his guns, your ordered me to return again to the fort. I then returned to Fort Numbers 2, sending my orderly to Fort Numbers 1, with instructions to Lieutenant Norval Osburn, commanding Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, to notify me of any demonstrations that might be made on our right, and have his guns and men ready to give prompt resistance. By this time the engagement was quite general. Shot and shell were flying promiscuously about our heads in Fort Numbers 2, and somewhat aggravating, as there was no chance of returning the fire of the rebel battery without doing damage to Beach's men in the outer fort. About 3 p. m. I ordered Lieutenant Tobin, commanding the remaining ry A, First Tennessee, to place his guns on the left flank, bers 2 and the river, to prevent the enemy from advancing on our works, provided they should obtain possession of our outer lines. I then ordered Lieutenant Davis, of Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, to move his section to the front, assigning him position

---------------

*Inclosures not found with the original report on file in the war Department. Such sub-reports as are found follow as Nos. 57 to 71.

---------------

