
about 300 yards to the left of Captain Beach's guns. After getting into position and range of the enemy's battery, I ordered them to commence firing. The enemy soon returned our fire, but with the cross-fire we week able to get on them with the two sections of the two batteries, and the promptness and accuracy with which our men of both batteries sent volleys of shell into them, they were soon silenced. About 3 o'clock Captain Beach came in from the front to replenish his ammunition, and reported to me that he had some men killed and some wounded, and the balance were very much fatigued. I immediately sent for a detachment of Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, to relieve them. They obeyed their orders promptly, and rushed forward to rescue their comrades as soon as possible. As soon as night came on I instructed Captain Beach to put part of his battery in Fort Numbers 1 and part in Fort Numbers 2, and Lieutenant Davis to return to his position in Fort Numbers 1 with his section, thus dividing the artillery as equally and in as good positions as possible in case of a night attack. On the 28th Lieutenant Davis was again ordered out with his section to take a position nearly the same as before for the purpose of drawing the enemy's fire, while the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry was charging the enemy's battery. On the 28th Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, was stationed in Fort Numbers 1 all day (except when the section under command of Lieutenant Davis was ordered out on the left flank), and was occupied in shelling the enemy wherever they appeared in force. Battery D, Second Illinois Artillery, not having horses to move the guns, held their position in Fort Numbers 2 during the entire siege, under command of Lieuts. H. C. Barger and Joseph Hockman, shelling the enemy wherever and whenever they made their appearance in a body large enough to justify in firing at them. On the night of the 28th, about 1 o'clock, Sergeant Maddock, of Battery D, First Missouri Artillery, reported to me with two brass howitzers, one 12-pounder and one 24- pounder, with a goodly number of men to man them. I ordered one, the 24-pounder, to be put in Fort Numbers 1, and the 12-pounder to be put in Fort Numbers 2. On the morning of the 29th the sergeant in charge of the 24-pounder had an opportunity to display his skill in firing at bodies of the enemy on the crest and in the ravine and woods at a distance of 800 and 1,800 yards. Guns of Battery F also participated in and at the same time, and I can only say that both did admirably well. I need not mention the conduct of officers and men under my command. Too much praise cannot be given them for their vigilance and bravery shown during the entire siege. All were only too anxious and willing for an active engagement. I would make special mention of Lieutenant B. K. Davis for the coolness and bravery displayed on the 26th ultimo. Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, was commanded by Lieutenant Norval Osburn. Captain William H. Pease, arriving at a late hour, did not take command until the siege was over. Lieutenants Barger and Hockman, with the remaining handful of men of Battery D, would have brought fresh to the memories of the veteran rebels that we were fighting the battles of Donelson and Shiloh had they attempted to charge our works. Casualties: Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, 1 man wounded, 1 horse killed.

I respectfully submit the foregoing report, colonel, for your consideration, and remain you most obedient servant,

C. S. COOPER,

Captain Batty. D, 2nd Illinois, and Chief of Arty., Post Decatur, Ala.

Colonel CHARLES C. DOOLITTLE,

Commanding Post Decatur, Ala.

45 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

