
Numbers 58. Report of Captain Albert F. Beach, Battery A, First Tennessee Light Artillery.

CAMP BATTERY A, FIRST TENN., LIGHT ARTILLERY, Decatur, Ala., November 3, 1864.

In compliance with special order from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent demonstration of Confederate forces, under command of General Beauregard, against this post:

Wednesday, October 26, I received an order from post headquarters to prepare my command, consisting of four guns, for immediate action. As soon as harnessed, I moved two guns out to redoubt on picket-line of Somerville road and opened fire upon the enemy's line of battle, which was replied to by a rebel battery partially masked, consisting of one 12-pounder gun, one Parrott 3-inch gun, and two Whitworth rifled-guns. The fire was kept up with great spirit until dark, resulting in our holding our position, with a loss of 2 privates killed and 2 privates wounded, and a loss of 8 horses killed and 3 single sets of harness cut and shot to pieces. Thursday the guns were placed inside of works and used in occasionally shelling the enemy's position. Thursday night, by command of the general commanding, I erected a battery for two of my guns on the north bank of river to co-operate with the gun-boats in keeping a rebel battery silent that commanded our river communication with north shore of river. This proved a complete success, resulting in keeping the enemy's guns silent, blowing up two limbers or caissons, and inflicting a loss of 13 killed in rebel battery. One section of my battery stationed at Athens, Lieutenant Tobin commanding, joined the command Friday, October 28, at 2 p. m., and was placed on right flank of works, doing excellent service. Friday night the two guns stationed on north bank of river were recalled and placed on left flank of works. I am credibly informed that on Wednesday my guns killed and severely wounded 17 of the enemy, also 10 horses, and 2 mules, and 1 caisson blown up. I presume that all will agree that the execution of my guns was excellent. In closing I will add that it is impossible to praise any one in particular where all vied in doing their duty, and none were cowards; yet justice compels me to especially notice the gallant and efficient conduct of Lieutenants Murphy and Kridler. They richly earned all the encomiums that may be passed upon them.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

ALBERT F. BEACH,

Captain, Commanding Battery A, First Tennessee Light Artillery.

Lieutenant WILLIAM A. McTEER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 59. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William F. Prosser, Second Tennessee Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND TENNESSEE CAVALRY, Decatur, Ala., October 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor, very respectfully, to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the past five days, or since

