
Numbers 62. Report of Captain Hanson D. Moore, Sixty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP SIXTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., October 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 7 p. m., October 28, 1864, I was ordered to report with 8 officers and 160 enlisted men of the Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry for picket duty. We established and intrenched the line during the night. Skirmishing commenced at daylight on the morning of the 29th, and continued until 4 p. m., when the enemy withdrew. Officers and men behaved well. Casualties before reported.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. MOORE,

Captain, Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel H. J. ESPY,

Commanding Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers.

Numbers 63. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred B. Wade, Seventy- THIRD Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-THIRD INDIANA INFANTRY, Athens, Ala., November 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment (Seventy-THIRD Indiana) in checking the late demonstration against Decatur, Ala.:

A detachment of 100 men from the regiment, under command of Captain William C. Eaton, arrived at Decatur at 10 p. m. on the 26th ultimo, and were assigned position on the extreme right of the line. At 2 p. m., 27th, the enemy having driven in the pickets in front of this position, a detail of FIFTY men was made from this detachment to re-establish the line. The men deployed as skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Wilson, and moving forward upon the double-quick, gallantly drove the enemy back, although not without stubborn resistance. At 2 a. m. on the 28th I arrived from Athens with FIFTY men and took command of the regiment. At 3. 30 a. m. the enemy charged, and again the picket-line was driven in, but it must be understood that my men had been relieved the night before and the line was now composed of new troops. The regiment was immediately formed at the parapet with two companies in reserve, but no further demonstration was made by either side until the forenoon was well advanced, when a small detachment of the Eighteenth Michigan, having gained the enemy's left flank, very gallantly charged and drove the whole rebel line from their rifle- pits and sweeping in something over 100 prisoners. I was ordered to cover this detachment while it fell back, and moved out on the double-quick, drew the enemy's fire, and then ordered the men to lie down and deployed by companies. Owing to misunderstanding in regard to the original order this movement was not well executed, but we finally fell back under orders without loss. At 2 p. m. the regiment was placed as skirmishers in the trench near the extreme left of the line. Shortly after a charge was made from our left flank by the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops, and the enemy's line was driven back, but rallying they in turn drove the Fourteenth back and threatened to double up my left flank. At the same

