
by the conveniences of grass, water, &amp;c., and dismounting at every halt and unsaddling at every noon halt. No officer or man will be allowed to leave the road or the camp without the permission of the brigade commanders, and no foraging will be permitted except by the DIVISION and brigade quartermasters, under proper authority. Regimental and company commanders will report all violations, which will be promptly and severely punished. Company commanders will hold an inspection of arms and supplies every morning, and will charge to and punish every man who has wasted his ammunition. Three companies of the Fortieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, armed with Enfield rifles, under command of Major Bierbower, will report to Colonel Hanson for duty. A strong guard will bring up the rear, and will rigidly prevent any straggling. Men armed with Enfield rifles will take 1ir persons, besides the two boxes carried in their regimental ambulances. A trustworthy officer will be left in charge of the troops and stores at this place, instructed to concentrate everything belonging to the command, and take charge of everything which comes forward. No music and no firing of guns or pistols after leaving this point.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. I. ELLIOTT,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

All extra Ballard and Spencer ammunition must be carried along by the command.

ANDREWS,

Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure B.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Mouth of Beaver, May 30, 1864.

[General HOBSON:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that I may be ordered back to Lexington, Ky., via Louisa, within three days for the following reasons:

First. I am not needed here, as the duties can be performed by an aide-de-camp.

Second. If I were at Lexington I could be getting my records up while there is little doing there.

THIRD. I supposed I would have some chance of going to Virginia salt-works, which is not the case.

Fourth. The expedition will return within ten days, and I will only be a few days in advance.

Fifth. I can do more good in the office at Lexington in keeping the papers all right than I can sleeping about here.

Sixth. Captain Dickson wishes me to have some new books made in Cincinnati, and now is a good time to do so.

Respectfully,

J. S. BUTLER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure C.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Mouth of Beaver, May 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOBSON, Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions I have the honor to submit the following report:

On Sunday, May 22, the Second, THIRD, and Fourth Brigades of the DIVISION were furnished, according to orders, with five days' allowance

