
time an attempt to charge was made by the enemy in our immediate front, and the rebel colors advanced some distance, but a few well- directed volleys checked this movement, and the line being re- established on the left by skirmishers from the Fourteenth, both parties resumed the usual picket fire. The regiment was relieved from this line about 5 p. m., and a detail of 100 men made, who were ordered, in company with detachments from other regiments, under cover of the approaching darkness, to establish a new line of rifle-pits. This movement was successfully executed during the night without meeting any opposition. The line advanced the next day (29th) and found the enemy weak and withdrawing. Two prisoners were brought in by my men during this advance. I was placed in command of Fort Numbers 1 on the evening of the 28th and retained command until dusk of the 29th, when I was ordered to return with the regiment to this place. Our loss in the various skirmishes was sLight, being but 1 man killed and 2 slightly wounded. A number were struck by spend balls, but received no injury.

Very respectfully,

A. B. WADE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-THIRD Indiana, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Actg. Adjt. General

No. 64. Report of Colonel Moses B. Houghton, THIRD Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., October 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following as the first report of the operations of this regiment during the last four days:

I arrived at Decatur on the 28th of October, at 10 a. m., and immediately crossed the river, and was assigned to the left flank of the works, where I remained until October 29, when 400 men, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Atkinson, were ordered to the front to support the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Regiment, Colonel Morgan commanding. Colonel Atkinson remained upon the picket-line until October 30, when he joined the regiment, which is now in camp. The following is the list of casualties which have occurred: Private Francis Lucas, Company K, mortally wounded October 28; since died.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. B. HOUGHTON,

Colonel THIRD Michigan Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 65. Report of Major Edwin M. Hulburd, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., November 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the regiment under my command in the defense of the post during the late siege:

At the time the enemy appeared in front of this place on the 26th ultimo, I was absent with a portion of my command on reconnais-

