
sance up the river, and did not return until 10 p. m. of the 26th. I would respectfully refer you to the report of Captain M. W. Reed for a report of the movements of that portion of my command remaining in camp on that day.

Late on the night of th 26th I was ordered by the colonel commanding post to furnish a detail of one officer and twenty men to prepare the buildings outside the fortifications in direction of the Somerville road for buildings outside the fortifications in direction of the Somerville road for burning, in case the enemy should drive in our pickets and attempt an assault. I detailed for this duty Lieutenant Brewster, Company f.

On the morning of the 27th Lieutenant Brewster was ordered to occupy these buildings with his men, and in case the enemy advanced in force his orders were to fire the buildings and retire within the fortifications. This position he retained during the 27th and 28th. I was also called upon to furnish an officer and forty men for guard duty at district headquarters, and a detail of one officer and twelve men for duty in ordnance department. These, with the details already made upon my command for bridge and provost guard and picket duty, reduced my available force to about 150 men. With these I was assigned a position my command held during the siege. On the morning of the 28th I was ordered by the colonel commanding to take command of Fort Numbers 1, and turned over the command of the regiment to Captain Reed.

It was while I was in command of the fort that Captain Moore, with about FIFTY men, made a gallant charge on the rifle-pits in front of Fort Numbers 1, and drove out and captured a large number of the sharpshooters of the enemy there concealed; also, at the same time Captain Reed moved out with the remainder of the command to cover Captain Moore's retreat. I refer you to the reports of these officers for further details.

Some time during the day of the 28th I was relieved of command of Fort Numbers 1 by Lieutenant-Colonel Thornburgh, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, and returned to my command, which remained in position on the right of the fort until about noon of the 29th, when it became known that the enemy had disappeared form our front, and I ordered my men to quarters. I desire to make especial mention of Private Sampson Ovendon, who attempted to hoist the garrison flag under a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters and was severely wounded galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters and was severely wounded in the thigh in the attempt. I take great pleasure in expressing my commendation of the conduct of the men of my command. While more than half of them were recruits recently arrived from depot, and who had no opportunity whatever for drill, they all behaved with the coolness of veterans, and obeyed every order cheerfully with alacrity.

The casualties in my command are as follows: Wounded, Corpl. John Green, Company I; Privates Gram Clark and Sampson Ovendon, Company D; D. Eddy Haskins, Company F; Deloss Love, Company E; and William H. Hart, Company B.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. M. HULBURD,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

