
Numbers 66. Report of Captain Myron W. Reed, Eighteenth Michigan Infantry.

CAMP EIGHTEENTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., November 2, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the detachment of the Eighteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, under my command, during the recent demonstration of the enemy's forces upon this post:

At 1 p. m., Wednesday, October 26, firing having begun from the enemy's artillery, in position on the Somerville road, I was ordered by Colonel Doolittle, commanding post, to proceed immediately, with such detachment of the Eighteenth Michigan as remained in camp, outside the works. I promptly obeyed the order, moving outside with seventy men. No definite position being assigned me in the order, I chose one myself, and moved my force to the rifle-pits used as a picket reserve, situated to the right of the earth-work on the Somerville road, and reported my position to the colonel commanding. I remained there within supporting distance of our battery until 8 p. m., when I was ordered by the colonel commanding to move inside the works and take position to the right of the fort and extend my line to the river. Such position was taken and held by my men, divided into reliefs during the night. No change occurred until the morning of October 28, when, you being absent in command of the fort, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Granger to report with my detachment to Colonel Wade, Seventy-THIRD Indiana Volunteers, outside the sally-port, to cover the skirmishers of the Eighteenth Michigan, then retiring from a successful charge upon the enemy's sharpshooters, concealed in front of our works. I reported to Colonel Wade and deployed my force on the left of the Seventy-THIRD Indiana, near the junction of the Moulton and Courtland roads. Brisk skirmishing began with the enemy concealed along the railroad and continued over an hour, when, by order of Colonel Wade, I moved inside our works and took position again on the right of the fort. The detachment of the Eighteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry, which I had the honor to command as aforesaid, consisted almost entirely deserve great praise for prompt obedience, steadiness under fire, and general efficiency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MYRON W. REED,

Captain, Eighteenth Michigan Volunteer Infantry.

Major EDWIN M. HULBURD,

Commanding Eighteenth Michigan.

Numbers 67. Report of Colonel Thomas Saylor, Twenty-ninth Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., October 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command since its arrival at this post:

On the arrival of my regiment, about noon of the 26th instant, at this place-immediately after reporting to the commandant of the post-I was notified of an attack by the enemy, and ordered to march

