
gone farther than indicated in my order, and being unable to overtake the enemy with infantry, I returned. A few of the enemy followed us a short distance, and shots were exchanged with our rear guard, when the pursuit ceased. There were no casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GIVEN,

Colonel 102nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Post.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Morgan, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., October 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, in the defense of Decatur, Ala., on the 27th, 28th, 29th, and 30th days of October, 1864:

The regiment came to Stevenson, Ala., from Chattanooga, Tenn., in obedience to orders from Major General James B. Steedman, and from Stevenson to Decatur by command of Brigadier General R. S. Granger, arriving in Decatur, Ala., on Thursday, 4 p. m., October 27. A detachment under Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin was stationed on the north side of the river to protect a section of artillery and annoy the enemy's right flank. The detachment was subsequently turned over to Major N. J. Vail. Inclosed are the reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin, marked A, and Major Vail, marked B. * The remaining portion of the regiment did duty on the picket-line, and on the left of the interior line of defense. On Friday, the 28th, at 12 m., in obedience to instructions received from Brigadier General R. S. Granger, Companies A, F, D, I, C, H, E, and K, numbering in aggregate a little less than 400 men, under my command, charged an earth-work on the enemy's right near the river, capturing the work, killing and wounding a number (unknown) of the enemy, capturing a small number of prisoners and driving away the remainder of those occupying the work, and seizing the battery of four guns, two of which were spiked by men of the Fourteenth, after which the battalion returned within the outer line of defenses. The battalion was formed at a distance of 780 yards from the battery to be taken. The men were stripped of all extra load, carrying only gun, accounterments, and canteen of water. They were cautioned that a battery was to be charged and taken, if only ten men survived to take it. They manifested no undue excitement or fear, but seemed anxious for the work. Files were distributed among officers and men to be used in spiking the guns. The officers were cautioned to keep the line in good shape, to allow no straggling, to bring off the guns if possible, otherwise to spike them, and to allow no prisoners taken to be massacred, but to give quarter to those who asked it. Two companies were designated as skirmishers to push rapidly forward, firing, and instructed to assemble in rear of battalion when charge was ended, and afterward to retake their places in line of battle was ordered to move at a "right

---------------

*See p. 716.

---------------

