
to Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin, and I assumed command of the "demi- brigade" (Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry and Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry) by order of Colonel Doolittle.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

THOS. J. MORGAN,

Colonel Fourteenth U. S. Infantry.

Lieutenant CHARLES T. HEWITT,

Eighteenth Michigan Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 70. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Corbin, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

DECATUR, ALA., October 31, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with your verbal instructions of this morning I submit the following report of my operations on the north side of the Tennessee River, on the evening of the 27th and the morning of the 28th instant:

On the evening I reported to the commanding officer of this place for instructions I received orders to cross the river with 100 men of the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry and intrench two guns belonging to Beach's battery (First Tennessee) opposite the enemy's works on the south side of the river. I commenced the work so soon as the night was sufficiently dark to cover my working parties from the enemy. I worked hard during the entire night, and succeeded in getting the pieces in position just before sunrise. At daylight I had the infantry deployed along the bank of the river as skirmishers, and opened both guns on their batteries, killing and wounding quite a number of their men, dismounting one caisson. The infantry skirmishers did good work. All did their duty equally well, and all are worthy of special mention. I was relieved at 9 a. m., 28th instant, by Major N. J. Vail, of the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, when I reported at once to my regiment for duty, then in front of the enemy on the south side of the Tennessee River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. CORBIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Colonel T. J. MORGAN,

Commanding Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Numbers 71. Report of Major Nicholas J. Vail, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

CAMP FOURTEENTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY, Decatur, Ala., October 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following detailed report of the operations of the detachment of the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, while under my command:

In compliance with verbal instructions from Colonel Morgan, I proceeded early on the morning of the 28th instant to assume command

