
of the detachment (then stationed on the north bank of the river), relieving Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Corbin. I found two guns of Captain Beach's battery intrenched, and one company of the detachment deployed as skirmishers, on the bank of the river. Having received no definite instructions I continued the operations commenced by Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin, annoying the enemy by a heavy fire across the river and endeavoring to impede the progress of their work. The gun under the immediate command of Lieutenant Murphy did good execution, tearing up the earth-work opposite to us, exploding one limber chest, killing and wounding quite a number, while the excellent sharpshooting of the skirmishers placed several of the enemy hors de combat. About 10. 30 a. m. I received orders from the colonel commanding to discontinue the fire of the skirmishers for a short period, and to cover a charge of the remainder of the regiment about to be made on the south bank of the river, which instructions were complied with by myself. The enemy kept up an almost constant fire from their sharpshooters. During the afternoon they commenced shelling the gun under command of Lieutenant Murphy with several heavy guns, rendering reply impossible and making it necessary for the men to seek the shelter of the earth-work. At this time Lieutenant Frank Gillett, of Company G, was mortally wounded by a piece of shell. The firing of my skirmishers was continued until dark, when they were withdrawn. Acting under the impression that the enemy would complete their works during the night, thereby rendering my position untenable, I removed my command a short distance up the river, worked hard all night, and had nearly completed an earth-work with embrasures for three heavy guns when I received an order from the colonel commanding post to report with my command to Colonel Morgan, which order was complied with in time to take part in the reconnaissance made by the regiment on the 29th instant. The conduct of both officers and men was deserving of the highest praise. I append a report of casualties. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. VAIL,

Major Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Adjt. W. H. H. AVERY,

Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

No. 72. Reports of Colonel Lewis Johnson, Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding post of Dalton, Ga.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 17, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report regarding the surrender of the colored and white troops composing the garrison at Dalton, Ga., on the 13th instant:

In anticipation of an attack of the rebel cavalry, which had been in the vicinity of Dalton for a week or more, I sent Captain McNeely, with his company of the Seventh Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, on the morning of the 13th of October, toward Villanow, by way of Dug Gap, and sent Lieutenant Fuller, with his twenty-five scouts, at the same time, one on the Resaca road to patrol as far toward Resaca as he could, for

---------------

*Shows 1 officer killed, 1 officer and 1 man wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

