
of rations and forage. These were intended to include Friday, May 27, but by purchasing forage on the route, &amp;c., they were to include a part of Saturday. Finding no officer in charge of stores here, I took immediate measures on our arrival to ascertain the amount of forage, which was nearly 7,600 rations, finding them about three-fourths corn in sack and one-fourth oats. As we were expecting orders to move, I instructed the various officers of my department to use oats while here, that the corn might be reserved for marching. I issued two days' grain for the command present (2,528 animals), and immediately upon arrival of General Burbridge, in accordance with his verbal orders, instructed that the horses of this DIVISION should be fed but half rations, for which an order was also issued from your office.

On Sunday, May 29, I was ordered to furnish the DIVISION with six days' rations, but found that the whole amount at the post, added to that received by boats that day, would only make the proportion nine-seventeenths, so issued half rations; after doing which I immediately reported the fact to you in presence of General Burbridge.

The letter of instructions from General Burbridge on Sunday last having indicated a change of operations, I was informed that Colonel Mims, of the Thirty-ninth Kentucky, was ordered to take charge of the detachments sent for rations and would superintend the transportation. There are no horses under mu charge at this place except four for headquarters ambulance, two sent by Captain Fitch with ambulance for use of district headquarters, and those belonging to members of this staff.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. LAIRD,

Captain and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure D.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Mount Sterling, Ky., May 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report that I have made an inspection of the troops at Mount Sterling, and found the number of effective mounted men to be as follows:

For duty.

 Fiel	 Comm	 Com	 Comm	 Enli	 Serv

 d	 issi	 mis	 issi	 sted	 icea

 staf	 oned	 sio	 oned	 men. 	 ble

 f	 offi	 ned	 line	 	 hors

Command. 	 and	 cers	 lin	 offi	 	 es.

 comp	 . 	 e	 cers

 any	 	 off	 .

 offi	 	 ice

 cers	 	 rs.

Second Brigade, Colonel

C. J. True commanding:

12th Ohio Volunteer	 36	 --	 --	 --	 784	 784

Cavalry

40th Kentucky Mounted	 26	 --	 --	 --	 425	 425

Infantry

Neville's battery (C), 1st	 5	 --	 --	 --	 101	 106

Wisconsin [Kentucky]

Artillery

THIRD Brigade, Colonel C.

S. Hanson commanding:

52nd Kentucky Mounted	 --	 13	 --	 --	 248	 248

Infantry

37th Kentucky Mounted	 --	 --	 --	 --	 272	 283

Infantry

1st Wisconsin Artillery	 --	 --	 --	 --	 38	 42

(detachment)

Fourth Brigade, Colonel

J. M. Brown commanding:

45th Kentucky Mounted	 --	 --	 18	 3	 421	 --

Infantry

