
tance of nearly two miles. One of my soldiers, who refused to injure the track, was shot on the spot, as were also five others shortly after the surrender, who, having been sick, were unable to keep up with the rest on the march. After arriving in the vicinity of Villanow a number of my soldiers were returned to their formed masters. This I know was done, because I saw it done in a number of instances myself. When about to be paroled, I tried to get the free servants and soldiers in the regiment belonging to the free States (Ohio and Indiana) released, but to no avail. From the treatment I received, and what I observed after my capture, I am sure that not a man would have been spared had I not surrendered when I did, and several times on the march soldiers made a rush upon the guards to massacre the colored soldiers and their officers. Mississippians did this principally (belonging to Steward's corps), and were often encouraged in these outrages by officers of high rank. I saw a lieutenant-colonel who endeavored to infuriate a mob, and we were only saved from massacre by our guards' greatest efforts.

In conclusion, I make the request that whatever can be done will be done to secure the retaliation, which may in some measure lessen the sufferings of the colored soldiers of the Forty-fourth Regiment now in captivity.

I am, colonel, with respect, your most obedient servant,

L. JohnSON,

Colonel Forty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Colonel R. D. MUSSEY,

Commanding Officer U. S. Colored Troops, Nashville, Tenn.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 17, 1864.

GENERAL: Having already sent in my report of the affair at Dalton, and the consequent surrender of the garrison at that place at 4 p. m., the 13th instant, I have the honor to submit the following additional statement in reference to what occurred afterward:

When the surrender took place I told General Hood that I surrendered my command (colored soldiers as well as white) as "prisoners of war. " He answered me that I might surrender them as whatever I pleased; that he would attend to them, &amp;c., and when I protested against their being treated inhumanly or returned to their former masters (as he told me he would have to do should their masters claim them), he said that the Confederate War Department would settle that. I told him further that should my men be treated otherwise than prisoners of war, I was sure that my Government would retaliate. Notwithstanding all this the officers and men were immediately after the surrender deprived of almost every article of clothing they had about them, and when all, about dark, were marched off toward Tunnel Hill, several men who were taken from the hospital and were unable to travel were shot down in cold blood and left on the road. After arriving at the headquarters of General Bate the colored soldiers were robbed of their shoes by officers who claimed to do this by General Bate's orders. This I saw myself. This same General Bate who had his headquarters in Buzzard Roost Gap, seemed also to take an especial pleasure and delight to ad to my humiliation by a most brutal and insulting conduct toward my officers and men. He spoke to me as I was never spoken to before, and when I reminded him that I was an unarmed prisoner he heaped greater insults upon me than he had done before.

46 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

