
Dallas and Marietta road to the railroad in front of Kenesaw and near Big Shanty, where he was then engaged in the destruction of the road, his working party protected by a large force. On the 5th of October the Second DIVISION was ordered to co-operate with the Fourth corps moving on Pine Hill. Beyond Hardshell Church I found the enemy held the Acworth and Lost Mountain road, with infantry and cavalry on the Marietta road. The THIRD Cavalry DIVISION was sent to Kolb's farm to co-operate with the Army of the Tennessee. October 7, the Second DIVISION was ordered to New Hope Church to scout on the Burnt Hickory and Dallas roads. Pressed the rear guard of the enemy, Armstrong's bridge of cavalry, taking several prisoners, capturing the rebel General Young, and Colonel Camp, Ninth Texas Infantry [Fourteenth Texas Cavalry], wounded in attack upon Allatoona. The THIRD DIVISION at Powder Springs. October 9, the Second DIVISION was ordered to New Hope Church, the THIRD DIVISION was ordered to Stilesborough, and the THIRD DIVISION to Van Wert; the latter was attacked, as reported, by Ferguson's and Ross' brigades of rebel cavalry and repulsed them, the enemy leaving his killed and wounded, with a few prisoners, in our hands. This DIVISION harassed the enemy's rear and arrived at Rome on the 13th, as ordered, when the DIVISION was ordered to the vicinity of Dallas for the protection of the railroad. October 11, the Second DIVISION was ordered to Rome, Ga. October 12, the Second DIVISION crossed the Etowah and Oostenaula to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Summerville. Before crossing the latter stream, the pickets of the garrison had been driven in on all the roads by, as was supposed, a large force of the enemy on the old Alabama road in the direction of the Coosa. Attention was given to this force, which proved to be two brigades of cavalry with section of artillery commanded by rebel Colonel Harrison. He was driven from four to five miles. October 13, the Second DIVISION attacked Harrison's force, captured his guns with abut 50 prisoners, and several killed and wounded; drove him in great confusion to, and many arms were thrown away by the enemy in his flight; our loss was small. October 14, the Second DIVISION was ordered to Resaca, and thence through Snake Creek Gap on the 16th, covering the trains of the armies. October 15, the THIRD Brigade, First DIVISION, Colonel Watkins, joined; was ordered to Buzzard Roost, thence to Chattanooga on the 16th, and to La FayeON was ordered to Summerville via Dirt Town. October 19, the Second DIVISION co-operated with the Twenty-THIRD Corps in its march to Melville Post-Office, to Gaylesville, thence to Little River on the 20th. October 21, the Second DIVISION with THIRD Brigade, First DIVISION, marched to Leesburg, Ala., attacked Wheeler, [and] drove him in disorder from his strong and selected position. He left his killed and wounded on the field, and threw away many arms in his flight; our loss slight. October 23, marched beyond King's Hill, found the enemy strongly posted in a narrow part of the valley near Turkeytown, with Coosa River on his right and the mountains on his left flank, and three or more pieces of artillery in position. As our army was not marching on that road, no advantage would have been gained if successful, and the loss which would have occurred did not, in my opinion, warrant an attack. The road by which the enemy marched through

