
the mountains was obstructed by felled trees, the bridges destroyed; every place susceptible of defense was held until he was forced from it by a movement on his flank.

In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 103, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, October 24, 1864, abolishing the office of chief of cavalry, I this day relinquished the command of the cavalry of the Department of the Cumberland, and report for assignment to duty to the general commanding the department. During the recent pursuit of Hood's army the cavalry has been actively employed, always attacking the enemy when opportunity offered. The country passed through has afforded ample supplies of forage and subsistence; the men and animals were actually improved by the campaign.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 74. Report of Brigadier General Kenner Garrard, U. S. Army, commanding Second Cavalry DIVISIONS.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Nashville, Tenn., November 16, 1864.

GENERAL: Before the new organization of the cavalry, and during the time General Elliott was chief of cavalry, this DIVISION was actively employed during the operations of the army against Hood. For the movements of the DIVISION during that time, I now have the honor to make a report.

About the 18th of September, while encamped at Blake's Mill and Roswell, owing to the suspected movements of the enemy, I was ordered to the vicinity of Sandtown, and a reconnaissance on the WEST branch of the river by a portion of my DIVISION ascertained that Jackson's cavalry had crossed and a portion of the rebel infantry was crossing, and the rest of Hood's army moving from Jonesborough toward the WEST Point railroad and the river. I was then ordered back to Blake's Mill by Powder Springs, Acworth, Canton, and Roswell; reached my camp on the 30th and found orders to move at once to Sweet Water and join Kilpatrick. On the 3rd camped on Sweet Water, crossing the river at the railroad bridge. On the 4th moved to Kenesaw, passing near Marietta, and stuck the pickets of the rebel infantry near the railroad. At the time the railroad near Big Shanty was being destroyed, and in view a long line of the enemy's infantry lay across the road and behind breast-works. On the 5th moved out toward Lost Mountain and skirmished all day. The Fourth Regulars made a bold advance on the road from near Lost Mountain toward Allatoona, and drove in the enemy's pickets and ran the reserves from some works. It was afterward ascertained from the rebels that the action of the DIVISION on this day caused the enemy to fall back from Allatoona, a report reaching them in the hottest part of the DIVISION of cavalry was advancing on their rear. On the 7th was ordered to

