
gain the cross-roads at New Hope Church to obtain information. Within two miles of the church struck Armstrong's brigade. After some heavy skirmishing, drove him from the cross-roads and to within a mile of Dallas. Captured a brigadier-general and a colonel in an ambulance passing from the rear of the infantry to the cavalry. The Fourth Regiment had the advance and made the capture. On the 8th and 9th remained near New Hope, but sent strong detachments toward Burnt Hickory through Dallas and to within five miles of Van Wert, and kept the major-general commanding fully informed of the movements and course of the enemy. On the 10th moved to Stilesborough, and at 11 p. m. moved on again toward Rome, at which place I arrived early on the afternoon of the 11th. As the route taken approached near the enemy, considerable opposition was met with on the way, but full information concerning the enemy was obtained. He had crossed most of his infantry at Quincy's Ferry, ten miles below Rome, and was moving in the direction of Dalton. On the 13th the enemy's cavalry appeared on the hills WEST of Rome. The DIVISION crossed the Etowah and then road toward Coosaville. On the 13th received orders to find out if the enemy had taken up his pontoon bridge, and if so, on which side of the river. The Twenty- THIRD Corps was ordered to support me. After advancing some four miles struck the enemy. The First Ohio was dismounted as skirmishers, and the THIRD Ohio was sent out on the flanks mounted, and the THIRD Brigade, Miller's, was at once dismounted and ordered, and the First Brigade (Jennings commanding) was ordered up, passing the led horses.

The enemy, after a little skirmishing, fell back, but our advance continued. Soon the enemy opened artillery. We were moving through woods, and could not see his position, but continued to advance, the THIRD Brigade and First Ohio in line on both sides of the road dismounted, the First Brigade mounted in column of fours in the road, the head of column on line with the dismounted men and two companies of the THIRD Ohio mounted on each flank. When within long rifle-range of their position, the woods ended, and large open corn-fields lay between us and the enemy, who had formed line beyond a creek on a ridge in the edge of some timber. Just as the line was about to emerge from the woods, the charge was ordered. The enemy stood firing his artillery up to the last moment, and the cannoneers used their pistols in defense of their pieces. The artillery, two pieces, was captured just as it was limbered up. The enemy was routed and pursued on several different roads. Their killed, wounded, and captured, which fell into our hands, was over 70, but every pursuing party reported large numbers left wounded and killed on the roads and in the woods. The main body was pursued on the Coosaville road gained in regard to the pontoon bridge. The rebel cavalry was Allen's DIVISION, of Wheeler's corps. One of the brigades was the Texas brigade. A set of colors of one of the Texas regiments was captured. The loss on our side was 14 killed and wounded and between 30 and 40 horses. The enemy was completely routed, and I learned afterward it was more than three days before this rebel DIVISION of cavalry could be collected together. The 14th, 15th, and 16th were occupied in marching from Rome, via Woodlands, to Resaca and Snake Creek Gap. On the 18th passed around John's Mountain and through Dirt Town en route to Summerville. On 19th passed through Gover's Gap and Summerville and followed the road to Gayles-

