
direction of Rome and Oxford. I am having a pretty sever fight. Have gained the mountain this side of Van Wert. A considerable force of rebel cavalry is now moving to attack me. They have crossed the stream the other side of the town. Scouts report none of our cavalry at Dallas, as I was led to suppose. I would not have advanced so far had I know this sooner. It is now 2 o'clock in the day. I cannot withdraw in the face of so much cavalry without a fight. General Morgan's brigade of cavalry, 700 or 800 strong, is at Villa Rica. I am afraid they may attack me in the rear.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. KILPATRICK.

The officer referred to in your dispatch this morning, belonging to General Kilpatrick's command, has not reported to-day, and probably left.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

VAN WERT, October 10, 1864-6 p. m.

GENERAL; I met Ross' and Ferguson's brigade on the mountains one mile and a half from town. Major Wolfley, THIRD Kentucky Cavalry, drove in their pickets and charged through the town, capturing several prisoners, killing and wounding number of enemy. After considerable fighting he was forced back upon the column which had just reached the top of the mountain. At 2. 30 p. m. Ferguson and Ross attacked me in position; they were both handsomely repulsed. Afterward, charged by the THIRD Brigade, Colonel Atkins commanding, were driven through the town out on the roads to Jacksonville and Cedartown and beyond the right fork of the Euharlee. The cowardice of the rebel cavalry was only equaled by the poor generalships of Ferguson and Ross. General Hood left Van Wert on Saturday with his army at 9 a. m. Lee passed through Van Wert, taking the Cedartown road. Steward came up the old Dallas road and struck the Cedartown road two miles and a half northwest of Van Wert. Hardee's corps and General Cheatham passed through Pumpkin Vine and moved toward Cedartown Sunday morning, leaving Van Wert three miles to his right. Ross'and Ferguson's brigades of rebel cavalry are now in my front. Armstrong cannot be heard from. General Morgan has cavalry brigade encamped somewhere near Villa Rica. The entire rebel army, 36,000 strong, encamped last evening in the neighborhood of Cedartown. General Hood closely questioned the citizens of Van Wert as to the roads leading to Blue Mountain or Oxford; he asked no questions about any other points. I expect that the rebel cavalry in my front will have left by dayLight, when I will scout the country thoroughly in direction of Cedartown and Rome and points on the Coosa south. Prisoner taken to-day reports that General Beauregard crossed the Chattahoochee on Moore's Bridge on Friday last; was escorted by a portion of General Morgan's cavalry to Hood's headquarters, and was expected to assume command yesterday or to-day.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT, and

General SHERMAN.

