
The horses are generally in good condition; men in good spirits. The horses are shod, with one extra pair of shoes on saddle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure E.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DIST. OF Kentucky,Davidson's Farm, June 4, 1864.

Captain John S. BUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First DIVISION, District of Kentucky:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following statement of the First Brigade:

 Men	 Horses	 Unservice

 	 	 able

 	 	 horses.

11th Michigan Cavalry	 357	 412	 6

39th Kentucky Volunteers	 501	 476	 25

Total	 858	 888	 31

Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers average ninety-six rounds ammunition to each man. Eleventh Michigan Cavalry averages seventy- nine rounds for carbines and sixteen for pistols. Many of the horses [have] sore backs, caused by the heavy pack, and some of the ammunition is, I fear, injured with dampness.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

S. M. FERGUSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-ninth Kentucky Vols., Commanding Brigade.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWEST VIRGINIA AND EAST TENN.,Abingdon, August 21, 1864.

SIR: In forwarding the inclosed communication I would respectfully make the following statement in regard to its contents, and submit the question to you as to whether I am properly arraigned by my subordinate, Colonel Giltner:

The bank at Mount Sterling I am satisfied was robbed by some of the soldiers of my command while they were in said place on the 7th of June. The fact was reported to me by Colonel Smith, as stated a few hours after the occurrence, but the enemy were at that time moving rapidly upon my flank and rear, endeavoring to gain the road between me and Lexington, their principal depot of supplies, and to have remained in Mount Sterling to investigate the bank robbery would have destroyed the object of the expedition and hazarded the safety of my command. There was no subsequent opportunity on the march through Kentucky where an investigation could be held, as I was constantly on the move either to engage or elude the enemy. As soon as I arrived at

