
for more troops, but owing to an accident the train was considerably delayed in returning. After General Corse's arrival his re-enforcements and the garrison made up an aggregate of 1,944. The general reports that as early as 2 a. m. a brisk fire had opened on the skirmish line, and before dawn the enemy was pressing on all sides, so as to necessitate re-enforcing the outer posts. General Corse, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Regiment, had made every disposition possible for the defense of Allatoona Pass. Though the place was naturally a strong one, yet it could hardly be expected that a garrison of less than 2,000 men could hold out against an enemy so numerous as to be able to completely surround the place. After a brisk, at 8. 30 a. m. the rebel General S. G. French peremptorily demanded the surrender of Allatoona, "to avoid a needless effusion of blood. " General Corse instantly replied: "We are prepared for the needless effusion of blood whenever it is agreeable to you. " The storm then broke upon the little garrison and raged with great fury for nearly the whole day, but finally the enemy was driven from every position and the garrison left in possession of the field. I call special attention to the accompanying report of Brigadier-General Corse, which affords a full and graphic account of this remarkable battle. Our losses were quite heavy, the aggregate killed and wounded being 707. Among the wounded, Colonel Richard Rowett, Seventh Illinois Veteran Infantry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Infantry, both of whom were complimented for remarkable gallantry; also Brigadier-General Corse quite severely wounded about midday. He never left the field, and imbued everybody with his own energy and spirit. The garrison buried 231 rebel dead, captured 411 prisoners--among the prisoners Brigadier-General Young. We captured 3 stand of colors and 800 stand of arms.

While this battle was transpiring a portion of the Army of the Cumberland had reached Pine Hill, and the Army of the Ohio was moving out on the Burnt Hickory road, threatening the enemy's flank and rear. Doubtless these operations, together with the success of the garrison at Allatoona, determined Hood to withdrawn and try another experiment.

Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 87, from your headquarters, the Army of the Tennessee took up a position between Big Shanty and Kenesaw Mountain on the evening of the 8th.

In accordance with special direction from General Sherman, this army moved from its camp on the evening of the 10th and made a forced march to Kingston, making a distance of thirty-eighth miles with scarcely a halt. During the 12th the march was continued to the vicinity of Rome. A brigade of General Hazen's DIVISION was taken by cars directly to Rome from Allatoona, as soon as my head of column had arrived at that place. This was in anticipation that Hood might make an attempt upon Rome. General Corse, with his DIVISION and that brigade and a battery of artillery, crossed the Etowah on the 13th and made a reconnaissance, with a view to develop the force guarding the brigade by which the enemy crossed the Coosa some sixteen miles below. This move was simultaneous with that of the Army of the Ohio and the cavalry on the other bank. The fact that Hood had completely crossed the Coosa and moved northward toward Resaca and Dalton with his entire army was once to Resaca, sending on one DIVISION by cars from Adairsville. General Ransom, with the Seventeenth Corps, took a cross-road which was muddy,

