
ward on the following day and encamped at La Fayette. On the 18th the Army of the Tennessee continued its march along the La Fayette a and Summerville road to the vicinity of Summerville, crossing the Chattooga River near Trion Factory. The brigade across this stream had been partially destroyed, but was quickly repaired by the pioneer corps. On the following day the command moved to Alpine, and on the 20th pushed on the by two routes to Gaylesville, the Fifteenth Corps moving to the right on the Shinbone Valley road, via Davis' Cross-Roads, and Seventeenth Corps on the direct road, passing through Ringgold. Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 99, headquarters Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, the army moved on the old Alabama road and took up a position on Little River, throwing a strong advance guard across the river toward Blue Pond. This position was maintained until the 28th. In the mean time, however, a bridge was thrown across Little River, and Woods' and Hazen's DIVISIONS, of the Fifteenth Corps, with two batteries of artillery, Major-General Osterhaus commanding, made a reconnaissance in the direction of Turkeytown and developed the enemy in some force, occupying hastily constructed works extending across the valley from the mountain to the river. After a slight skirmish the enemy retired, and our force fell back having accomplished the object of the movement. Bridges having been built across the Chattooga and the pontoon having been laid over the Coosa, the trains moved in advance on the afternoon of the 28th, and were all across these rivers at daylight on the 29th. The army followed across these rivers, the rear guard completely destroying the bridges, and encamped on Cowan's Creek, and on the following day pushed on the Cove Spring. On the 1st of November the command moved on parallel roads from Cave Spring to Cedartown, and on the following day pushed forward in the Fifteenth encamping a few miles south of Van Wert. The army continued its march, and on the night of the 3rd both corps encamped in the vicinity of Dallas. On the following day of Van Wert. The army continued its march, and on the night of the 3rd both corps encamped in the vicinity of Dallas. On the following day the Seventeenth Corps moved to Lost Mountain, while the Fifteenth proceeded in the direction of Powder Springs. The movement continued, and the whole command reached Smyrna Camp- Ground on the afternoon of the 5th, and went into position facing westward, Seventeenth Corps on the right and Fifteenth Corps on the left. I have omitted to mention the death of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, and will here introduce an order published to the troops whilst the impression of his character was vivid and his loss peculiarly felt:

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, numbers 21. Cedartown, Ga., November 1, 1864.

The officers and soldiers of the Army of the Tennessee will hear with deep sorrow and regret the news of the death of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, lately commanding Seventeenth Army Corps.

General Ransom was ill at the very beginning of this campaign, but was unwilling to leave the field. Hoping the attack of the fell disease which caused his death was but temporary, he did not cease day or night, as was ever his wont, to exert himself to the utmost in this country's service. When the army reached Gaylesville, Ala., he was compelled by aggravated symptoms to relinquish his command, and now we learn that on the 28th [29th] ultimo, while being carried on a stretcher to Rome, he died. General Ransom was much beloved by all who knew him, and this army has lost one of its most useful officers and brightest ornaments. His noble record is too familiar to need recounting here. While with me in command of his DIVISION of the SIXTEENTH Corps, after the wounding of Major- General Dodge, in command of that corps at Atlanta and Jonesborough, and then in command of the Seventeenth Corps during the present vigorous operations, he showed himself an officer of the highest order of merit, as also a man of a pure and elevated character. It is with a feeling of deep

