
sorrow at our loss that I refer to this young man, so full of promise, so enthusiastic in his country's cause, so untiring in his exertions to thwart the wicked men who have raised their hands against us; but he has done well his part, and like so many other of rest. We will cherish his bright memory, and strive to attain his irreproachable character. a

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

I have said very little in my brief sketch of this remarkable campaign of nearly 300 miles marching of the methods of procuring supplies. We were directed by the general-in-chief to take ten days', but so far as forage is concerned we did not have it and could not secure it. After the first day we found large fields of good grass in the vicinity of Smyrna Camp-Ground and Marietta. At every halt these fields were covered with the horses, mules, and cattle belonging to the army. We lost large numbers of the proper mules and artillery horses at first, and, in fact, till after passing Ship's Gap. As the ration wagons became empty the pooper mules were attacked and sent to Chattanooga, and the good ones retained. At Resaca, at Rome, and at places in the vicinity of Rome considerable transportation was broken up and mules assigned to the artillery so as to be able to move it. At Gaylesville, pursuant to directions from General Sherman, the artillery was reduced to one battery to a DIVISION; by exchanges the good hoses were attacked to the retained batteries and the rest sent to Rome and Chattanooga. We found plenty of forage after passing Taylor's Ridge in the different valleys down as far as Little River. Vann's Valley is very fertile and was filled with corn, sweet potatoes, flour, pigs, cattle, sheep, and fowl. Cedartown and its vicinity also gave us plenty of corn. The animals continued to improve, and the command was well supplied with provisions up to our return to Smyrna Camp-Ground. At this place we remained till the 13th of November, preparing for the ensuing campaign.

During the 12th the Army of the Tennessee destroyed the railroad from Big Shanty to the Chattahoochee River, burning the ties and bending the rails, a stretch of road twenty-two miles in extent.

On the 13th the army marched to the vicinity of Atlanta; encamped near White Hall.

White the sick and the surplus stores of every kind that had accumulated at Atlanta, reaching its vicinity on the evening of the 14th.

General John E. Smith's DIVISION, which had been guarding the railroad during our Atlanta campaign and parts of which were located at Allatoona and Resaca, had concentrated near Cartersville by the 10th of November and reached Atlanta the morning of the 14th. By breaking up the line of communication my army was increased in effective force by above two DIVISIONS which had been detached. After the reestablishment of the railroad quite a large number of recruits joined the different regiments, so that the effective force for the coming campaign reached an aggregate of nearly 30,000.

Taking everything into consideration, the campaign of 300 miles which General Hood inaugurated with so much eclat was to our army a position advantage. Both men and animals were better prepared

a NOTE. -I subsequently learned that the general was taken from the little and was resting at a comfortable house when he died.

