
absent two days. While out he took observations, reconnoitered roads, and assisted the general commanding in several instances in determining the position and force of the enemy, &amp;c.

On the 28th we moved to Cedartown, on the Coosa River, from which place, on the 29th, I proceeded under orders, via Rome, to Atlanta. At Rome Lieutenants Shellabarger and Dunlap reported to me for duty, they having been detained at Chattanooga for some time, owing to the railroad being broken.

From the 3rd until the telegraph line was repaired between Kenesaw and Allatoona the officers on those stations transmitted many important messages. In facts the utility of the system was fully proven during that period, and the services rendered by the corps acknowledge by the generals commanding.

On the 30th I arrived at this place, and have since been engaged in assisting Lieutenant Ware in fitting out the different officers (who have just returned from the north) and their parties for active duties in the field.

I would respectfully recommend that for coolness, bravery, and good behavior under fire the following promotions be made: Second- class Private J. W. McKenzie to first-class private, and Private Flank A. West, of signal detachment, Army of the Cumberland, to the next grade in the Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. McCLINTOCK,

Captain and Chief Actg. Sig. Off., Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

In charge of Signal Bureau, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 78. Reports of Lieutenant William H. Sherfy, U. S. Signal Corps, commanding detachment.

HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Little River, Ga., October 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of duties performed by myself and the detachment under my command during the five days ending October 5, 1864:

During October 1, 2, and 3, I was in camp at East Point, Ga., making out reports and preparing to march. On the 4th I started from camp with the Fifteenth Army Corps, taking with me the men belonging to my own party, and ordering those of Lieutenant Adams' party to reserve camp at Atlanta; marched twenty miles and bivouacked at 11 p. m. On the 5th we marched eight miles and encamped, when I went to Marietta to assist in getting signal communication between headquarters of Generals Sherman and Howard. During those two days I reconnoitered when necessary, and occasionally did the duties of aide to General Osterhaus. During the fire days Lieutenant Weirick was on special duty, bringing men and stores from Chattanooga to Atlanta, and was detained by a railroad accident. Accompanying you will find his report. *

Lieutenant Fish took charge of signal station on Kenesaw Mountain October 1, and reported all quiet that day and the 2d; and having seen indications of the enemy on October 3, he kept a good lookout with a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

47 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

