
telescope, and discovered a large camp of the enemy near Lost Mountain; also infantry and cavalry moving, and in the evening he discovered rebel cavalry on the railroad near Big Shanty, which fact he reported to the proper authorities. That evening all our forces in his front were withdrawn and he thus left outside their lines and near the enemy. Fearing an attack, he made preparations for a vigorous defense, and also to destroy all public property he could not carry away in case he would be compelled to leave; but he bravery stood at his post, and by a judicious display of his small force kept the enemy away. October 4, he watched and reported the movement of the enemy, and passed many messages, among which was information to Allatoona of the movements of the enemy against that place, and orders from General Sherman to hold out, in consequence of which the garrison was re-enforced, and enabled on the following day to successfully resist the assaults of the enemy and save our large store of supplies. October 5, General Sherman was on sages for him to seven different stations with which he communicated that day. The message, in the morning, that General Corse had arrived at Allatoona with re-enforcements, and in the evening after the battle, that they still hold out, gave the general much pleasure, and he remarked they were "worth $1,000,000" to him. Accompanying I send Lieutenant Fish's report,* with a copy of many important messages sent by him appended. Lieutenant Shellabarger was away on "leave of absence," and consequently I have no report from him.

During the five days Lieutenant Adams was on signal station by him became untenable, on account of the enemy's fire, he repaired to one of the forts with his flag, from which he sent a message during the engagement. When the battle became general he watched the movements of the enemy and directed the fire of our artillery, and at the same time directed the men under his charge to repair to the rifle-pits and procure arms from wounded men and use them, which they all did, one man firing as high as ninety rounds. I have not yet received Lieutenant Adams' report, but will forward it to you upon its arrival.

I am satisfied with the actions of the officers and men of my detachment, believing all did their duty properly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SHERFY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Detach., Fifteenth Army Corps.

First Lieutenant J. P. SAMPSON,

Actg. Adjt. Signal Detachment, Department of the Tennessee.

HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Little River, Ga., October 28, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of duties performed by myself and the detachment under my command during the five days ending October 10, 1864:

October 6, in camp at Fifteenth Corps headquarters. 7th, I went to station near department headquarters to see if my services were

---------------

*See Part III, p. 111.

---------------

