
needed there, and afterward went out to the front to look for signals on Lost Mountain. At noon I received orders to go to Kenesaw Mountain, and started immediately, arriving and taking charge of station at 4 p. m. During the three succeeding days I was on the mountain very busy, and passed many important message, some of which you will find appended to this report. On the evening of the 10th I was relieved from duty on the mountain (several of the stations with which I communicated having closed), and I at once started for the front, going as far as department headquarters that night. Lieutenant Weirick was at Atlanta October 6 and 7, transacting official business, and on the 8th he marched to Marietta, bringing stores and equipments for his party. On the 9th and 10th he was on duty at signal station on Kenesaw. Accompanying you will find his report. * Lieutenant Fish was on duty at signal station at Kenesaw Mountain during the five days and was very busy transmitting many important messages. Accompanying you will find his report. * Lieutenant Shellabarger was away on leave of absence, and, consequently, I have no report from him. Lieutenant Adams was on duty at Allatoona, in charge of men of Lieutenants Worley's and Allen's parties, and transacting the business of that signal station, and as the army was part of the time in that vicinity and the telegraph down he had many important messages to transmit. I have not yet received his report, but will forward it to you when received. I am well pleased with the manner in which the officers and men did their duty, except that there was some complaint of negligence against Lieutenant Adams' station.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SHERFY,

First Lieutenant Commanding Signal Detach., Fifteenth Army Corps.

First Lieutenant J. P. SAMPSON,

Actg. Adjt. Signal Detachment, Department of the Tennessee.

Numbers 79. Report of Lieutenant John Q. Adams, U. S. Signal Corps, commanding detachment at Allatoona, Ga.

SIGNAL DETACHMENT, Allatoona, Ga., October 11, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with instructions received from you, I have the honor to hereby transmit the following report of signal duty performed by myself and enlisted men, assigned to Lieutenants Allen and Worley, For the ten days ending October 10, 1864:

[October] 1st and to the 4th, nothing of minute importance occurred, aside from the regular routine of signal duty to be performed on a signal station. 4th, this line of signals became very important, as the enemy had the day previous destroyed the railroad and telegraph communications between this place and Marietta, and tore up some eleven miles of track, thus leaving no other than signal communication between the main army and north. A message was received by me during the day giving the information that the enemy were marching in force upon Allatoona, thence to Rome, and also dispatches were marching in force upon Allatoona, thence to Rome, and also dispatches were received ordering the movement of troops to this place and to hold out to the last, by General Sherman. 5th, at 2 a. m. our pickets were attacked, and there was skirmishing until morning. A demand was sent in for the surrender of the place by Major-General French, command-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

