
this place the facts and circumstances connected with the transaction were ordered to be thoroughly investigated by the acting assistant inspector-general of my command. (For the character and standing of this officer I refer you to the Kentucky delegation in Congress.) Parties were written to in Kentucky to furnish statements in regard to the affair, and the cashier of the bank was requested to furnish a list of the depositors, with the amounts, to the end that their property should be restored to them if found in possession of any soldier of my command. From some of the parties written to I have received replies, and am still expecting further information from others that will assist greatly in determining who the guilty parties are. My inspector, it is true, has been granted a leave of absence for thirty days, but it was upon a surgeon's certificate of disability for that period. He has, however, been doing all that he could to ascertain a true understanding of the affair in question, and has been delayed only by the distance he has had to send for testimony and the difficulty of procuring it, and by the further fact that some of the principal witnesses among the soldiers of my command are either absent in Kentucky or were captured on the expedition, and are confined in Northern prisons. The facts developed thus far are not sufficient to a full expose of the matter, and I have delayed any public action in regard to it until the whole thing can be thoroughly sifted.

I deem it due to myself to state that both in the expedition referred to and since my return to Virginia Colonel Giltner did not and has not yielded me that soldierly respect and obedience which is essential to the efficiency of military movements and to the common business transactions with his command. And I think the honorable Secretary will not fail to perceive that his complaint is made more from personal pique toward me than indignation at my delay. I am not aware of having given the colonel any offense to induce him to feel and act toward me as he does, and have tried in every way to conciliate him, but find it impossible to do so. If, however, the Department think hilling to afford any and every facility to any agent they may deem proper to send to relieve me of the investigation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE, MORGAN'S DIVISION,Abingdon, Va., August 18, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully ask that in investigation be ordered concerning the forcible entry of a bank of deposit at Mount Sterling, Ky., and the seizure and carrying away of the funds by a portion of General Morgan's command. Money to the amount of about $80,000 in gold, silver, bank notes, and Federal currency was taken from the bank in question on the 7th day of June last, while General Morgan, with his command, was in Mount Sterling, Ky. A large portion of this sum belonged to depositors who are friendly to our cause and the whole sum to private individuals. I regret the necessity which compels me to address you upon this subject, and I beg leave to assure you it is only done after every effort has been exhausted to induce General Morgan to take action. A few hours

