
ing a DIVISION in Stewart's corps, of the rebel army. This was, of course, refused, and at 9 a. m. the enemy had us surrounded on every approachable side and the engagement became general. As soon as I could see Kenesaw I called and sent them a message station the arrival of our re-enforcements, &amp;c. This was about 10 a. m. and after I had moved over to the fort with my flag. This message was flagged under a sharp fire, and I wish to make special mention of the coolness and bravery of J. w. McKenzie, acting sergeant Lieutenant Allen's party, and Frank A. West, of the signal corps, Detachment of the Cumberland. WEST was on his way to his party at the front, and happened to be detained here on account of the railroad being cut. I was not aware of his presence until I was him voluntarily get up on top of the works and relieve McKenzie at the flag. The message was of some length and was fight lasted about eight hours from the time it became general. With telescope I discovered the enemy withdrawing their artillery, and the musketry had in a measure subsided. I sent a message to General Sherman that we were all right, and General Corse was wounded. While sending this the fire was not so severe as when I sent the former one, but sharpshooter were still firing on us, and it was far from being safe. R. O. McGinity, of Lieutenant Allen's party, and A. F. Fuller, of Lieutenant Worley's party, flagged this message from the top of the fort. I have not a word of censure for any man of the detachment. When I moved to the fort I took three men with me to flag, the balance (nine men) I instructed to see to their revolvers and get into the rifle-pits; also, if they saw a man wounded not to let his "musket remain idle. " After the fight was over and I cam back to my old place I found that each of the men had muskets and had fired each from thirty to ninety rounds of cartridges from the rifle-pits during the day. Of these nine men I cannot mention names without mentioning them all; each one did his best. I was perfectly satisfied and well pleased with the operations of all the men of the detachment during the day. 6th and until the 10th, I was very busy receiving and sending important messages to and from General Sherman. That you may see the nature and importance of these messages, I have attacked copies* of a number of them to this report.

I certify the above and foregoing to be a true and correct report of duties and actions performed by myself and enlisted men, assigned to Lieutenants Allen and Worley, for ten days ending October 10, 1864.

JNO Q. ADAMS,

Second Lieutenant Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. SHERFY,

Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Commanding Detach 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 80. Report of Major General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report on the part taken in the campaign against the rebel army of General Hood and in the march through the State of Georgia, terminating in the capture of Savannah.

---------------

*Not found as inclosures; but see such as appear in Part III.

---------------

