
When we left our camps at East Point to follow General Hood, the Fifteenth Army Corps had just been reorganized and consisted of- Infantry: First DIVISION, Brigadier General C. R. Woods commanding 6,155 men; Second DIVISION, Brigadier General W. B. Hazen commanding, 5,426 men; THIRD DIVISION, Brigadier General John E. Smith commanding, 5,653 men; Fourth DIVISION, Brigadier General J. M. Corse commanding, 6,100 men; total infantry, 23,334 men. Artillery: Battery H, First Illinois Artillery, Captain De Gress commanding, four 20-pounder Parrotts; Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, Captain Zickerick commanding, four 3-inch Rodmans; First Iowa Battery, Captain Gay commanding, four 3-inch Rodmans; Fourth Ohio Battery, Captain Lademann commanding, two 20-pounder Parrotts and two light 12-pounders; Battery A, First Illinois Artillery, Lieutenant Wilcox commanding, four light 12-pounders; Battery F, First Illinois Artillery, Captain Burton commanding, four light 12- pounders; Battery F, Second Missouri Artillery, Lieutenant Echte commanding, four light 12-pounders,

Battery H, First Missouri Artillery, Captain Welker commanding, six light 12-pounders; Battery B, First Michigan Artillery, Captain Arndt commanding, four 3-inch Rodmans; Sixth Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant Simpson commanding, four light 12-pounders; total number pieces, 42. Of these forces, however, only the DIVISIONS of Woods and Hazen were assembled at East Point. Smith's DIVISION, which batteries Sixth and Twelfth Wisconsin, had ever since spring been guarding the railroad from Tilton to Allatoona, and the Fourth DIVISION (General Corse), with Batteries B, First Michigan, and H, First Missouri, had been ordered to Rome on September 26, to watch and guard against rebel movements.

On October 5 a portion of the rebel army was threatening Allatoona Pass, where large army supplies had been collected and stored. They were guarded by a light garrison from General Smith's DIVISION, under the immediate command of Colonel Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Infantry. The rebel General French commanded the expedition against Allatoona, and anticipating an easy capture, demanded the unconditional surrender of the garrison, but General Corse, who, on the first intimation of the state of affairs, had hurried to the scene of danger with re-enforcements and assumed command of the post, replied to the rebel general's demand in laconic style. The answer and the heroic ported, and I beg leave to refer to those documents.

After the brilliant episode at Allatoona the troops of Generals Smith's and Corse's DIVISIONS remained undisturbed in their cantonment, while those of Woods' and Hazen's DIVISIONS, with which I left East Point on the 4th of October, moved north toward Kingston and Rome, following substantially roads parallel to the railroad. We reached Marietta on October 5, and leaving that point the evening of the 8th marched via Big Shanty, Allatoona, Kingston, and Rome, arriving at the latter place October 12. While passing through Allatoona one brigade of General Hazen's DIVISION was placed on the railroad train, with orders to report to General Corse at Rome, which place seemed at the time to be the objective point of General Hood's combinations. The movements of our armies, however, soon developed the fact that the rebel general, while threatening with small detachments the fact that the rebel general, while threatening with small detachments along the railroad between Rome, Resaca, and Dalton, pushed his main column farther north behind the protecting mountain chains which diverge from the mountainous region of Chattanooga.

We hastily drew three days' rations at Rome, and on the evening of next day (October 13) the DIVISIONS of Generals Woods and Hazen (the

