
Numbers 81. Report of Brigadier General William B. Hazen, U. S. Army, commanding Second DIVISION.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 9, 1864.

I have the honor to report the operations of this DIVISION since my last official report was furnished, as follows:

From that date till October 4 it remained in camp at East Point, Ga. At 9 a. m. it marched for Ruff's Mill, across the Chattahoochee, continuing the march to a point three miles and a half southwest of Marietta, where it arrived on the 5th, remaining till the 8th, when it moved three miles north of Marietta, where it remained till the evening of the 10th, when it marched toward Rome via Allatoona. At that point Colonel Fowler's brigade (the THIRD) was put on cars and sent forward. The DIVISION arrival at Rome the 12th, and next day marched toward Resaca, reaching that place and passing through in and Snake [Creek] Gap on the 15th.

We passed Villanow the 16th, and stopped for the night in Ship's Gap, on Taylor's Ridge. On the 17th we moved to La Fayette, and on the 18th to Summerville. On the 19th to Alpine, and on the 20th to Gaylesville, and on the 21st moved out seven miles on Little River and went into camp, where we remained till the 24th, when the DIVISION with the First, of this corps, went in the direction of Gadsden on a reconnaissance.

On the 25th this DIVISION, having been left in reserve at Blount's farm, was ordered forward to form on the right of the First DIVISION, which was fire miles in our front, deployed, and sharply engaging the enemy with artillery from points considerably in front of the infantry line. Taking a right-hand road, Colonel Wells S. Jones' brigade* was deployed while marching and moving forward without any halt or use of any artillery.

Wheeler's entire force was driven from a strong line of rail works and to a point near the town of Gadsden. There were 4 men wounded in this affair. The DIVISION returned to this formed camp on Little River, where it remained till the 29th, when it crossed the Chattahoochee and took up its march in the direction of Atlanta, arriving at Cave Spring the 31st. Number of miles marched during the month, 270; number of casualties, 4.

The march was resumed November 1, and on the 5th the DIVISION arrived at Smyrna Camp-Ground near the Chattahoochee, where it remained, receiving payment and breaking up railroad till the 13th, when it moved across Turner' Ferry and to White Hall, two miles WEST of Atlanta. +

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

ASST. ADJT. General, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

---------------

*General Osterhaus says Theodore Jones' brigade. See 743.

+For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

