
Numbers 82. Report of Colonel James S. Martin, One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 4, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late campaign:

Broke camp at East Point, Ga., on the morning of the 4th of October, Colonel W. S. Jones being in command, and marched north on a line with railroad, passing through Marietta, Allatoona, Kingston, and Resaca. Our advance found the enemy posted in Snake Creek Gap, but after a short skirmish they retired and we resumed the march, passing through La Fayette, Summerville, Alpine, and Gaylesville, and encamped on Little River, Ala., October 21. The command bore this (the hardest part of the campaign) as soldiers, and went into camp in the very best condition. remained in camp until the 24th; broke camp at 2 p. m., marched eighth miles and encamped at Deerfield. Broke camp at 6 o'clock the following morning; marched five miles; found Wheeler's cavalry strongly intrenched; Second Brigade formed line, charged the enemy's works, and drove them form the field. Was ordered back to camp on Little River, which we reached on the following evening. October 26. remained in camp until the 29th; marched at 6 o'clock; Cedartown, Indian Springs, and went into camp on the railroad near Vining's Station, three miles north of Chattahoochee River, November 5, making a march of 360 miles. remained in camp until Sunday, the 13th of November, during which time the entire command was paid and provisions made for all to send their money to their friends. Broke camp at 6 a. m., crossed river at Lay's [Turner's] Ferry, and encamped at White Hall, two miles southwest of Atlanta. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GORDON LOFLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 83. Report of Bvt. Brigadier Green B. Raum, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD DIVISION.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Cartersville, Ga., November 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I herewith forward the official report of Colonel Clark R. Wever of the affair at Resaca on the 12th and 13th ultimo. His place by the forces of General Hood, and the capture of the garrison at Tilton.

The command of the District of Etowah having devolved upon Brigadier General John E. Smith, by his direction I assumed command of the THIRD DIVISION on the 2nd of October. Colonel Wever reported at Resaca on the morning of the 1st of October, and I left him in command of the brigade. After the repulsed of the enemy at Allatoona and his move-

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

