
ment northwest, and his passage of the Coosa River, I became satisfied that Resaca would be attacked. I instructed Colonel Wever to strengthen the works at that place by the erection of palisades, and to keep the FIFTY-sixth Illinois, Seventeenth Iowa, and Tenth Missouri Battalions ready to re-enforce him at a moment's notice. It had been my intention to leave seventy men to garrison the block-house at Tilton, and bring the balance of the Seventeenth Iowa, and Tenth Missouri Battalion ready to re-enforce him at a moment's notice. It had been my intention to leave seventy men to garrison the block-house at Tilton, and bring the balance of the Seventeenth Iowa to Resaca. This idea was abandoned, however, upon consultation with General Smith, who arrived at Cartersville, the headquarters of the DIVISION, on the 10th of October. Feeling extreme anxiety for the safety of Resaca, I request General Sherman to re-enforce the place, which he concluded to do, and issued orders to that effect on the morning of the 12th, directing that a brigades of the Army of the Tennessee should report to General Smith having ordered that the brigade in question report to me. Upon arriving at Kingston I met Lieutenant-Colonel Clark, assistant-general of the Department and Army of the Tennessee, and Brigadier-General Ransom, commanding the Seventeenth Army Crops, who informed me that the brigade would be taken from the Seventeenth Army Corps. It was not until 3 p. m. that the troops arrived, and then but one regiment, to wit, the Tenth Illinois, under the command of Colonel Tillson. With them I started to Calhoun by railroad, losing some time north of Adairsville repairing the track, which had been torn up by part y of the enemy which had crossed the Oostenaula for that purpose. At Calhoun obstructions had been piled upon the track, and the enemy had just left a short time before my arrival, having stated to citizens that Resaca had been captured. From Calhoun I sent the trains back to Kingston, and also sent two officers and thirty-men to garrison the block-houses at the brigade south of Calhoun.

The troops marched from Calhoun to Resaca. I arrived there in advance of them at 2. 30 a. m. of the 13th instant, and assumed command of the forces, consisting of the Eightieth Ohio, FIFTY- sixth Illinois, two companies of battalion Tenth Missouri, of Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Wever; Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Kentucky Cavalry, being the THIRD Brigade, of the Fifth Cavalry DIVISION, commanded by Colonel Watkins; and the Tenth Illinois, commanded by Colonel Tillson. I found three trains of cars at Resaca loaded; a large amount of commissaries on them; sent them to the south side of the river, as also the wagon trains and cavalry horses. At 4 p. m. the troops were in position ready for the enemy. Little more remains to be said, further than that considerable skirmishing was kept up during the day, the enemy not having attacked our line in force at any point. An unusual degree of confidence pervaded both officers and men during the investment of the place. A few of the enemy from their position in gallant style.

I herewith inclose a copy of the official report of Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Archer, from which it will be seen that after seven hours' resistance and the loss of 22 wounded he surrendered the garrison to General Stewart, of the rebel army. It seems that block-houses are but little protection against heavy field artillery, and that the garrison at Tilton was completely at the mercy of the assailants. While it is a matter of regret to

