
learn that our comrades in arms capitulated to the enemy, no reflections can be cast upon the officers and men of the Seventeenth Iowa at that post, but, upon the contrary, great credit is due them for their pertinacious resistance to an overwhelming force. Much credit is due Colonel Wever for his energy in pushing the defenses at Resaca and his unhesitating refusal to surrender his small force to Hood's whole army, and to Colonel (now Brevet Brigadier-General) Watkins, for the promptness displayed in re- enforcing Resaca form Calhoun.

I am unable to give the casualties of Colonel Watkins' and Colonel Tillson's commands during the affair, neither of said officers having had time to make a report, in consequence of moving with the advance of the army when it left Resaca in pursuit of Hood.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Captain S. M. BUDLONG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 84. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Infantry, commanding post of Allatoona, Ga.

HEADQUARTERS POST, Allatoona, October 7, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: For some two days previous to the 5th of October instant the enemy had been operating in this vicinity, especially on the railroad to the southward, but not till evening of October 4 did they make any demonstration against this point. It then became evident that they proposed to attack the place in the morning. The garrison here consisted of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois Infantry, 290 guns, Major Fisher commanding; seven companies of the Eighteenth Wisconsin Infantry, 150 guns, Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson commanding; the Fourth Minnesota Infantry, 450 guns, Major J. C. Edson commanding; the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, six guns, Lieutenant Amsden commanding, and fifteen men of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry. Of the effective force of the Fourth Minnesota Infantry, 185 were recruits just received from the North. My first unpleasant apprehensions were that the rebels would make a night attack, and, taking advantage of the darkness, deprive me of the advantage of position, the fortifications of this place all being on the high ridge while the stores are collected on the flat land at the hill's base and on the south side, from which direction the rebels were approaching. To prevent such approach I strengthened the grand guard, barricaded the roads to the south, and made preparations to fire a building which should so illuminate the site of the village and stores that my men could see, even in the night, to a considerable extent any approach of the enemy. In this way I hoped to hold the rebels till dayLight, when we should have the full advantage of our superior position. About 12 midnight I was not a little relieved by the arrival of General Corse with one brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps. About 2 a. m. of October 5 the rebels charged upon my picket-lines and drove the outposts back upon the reserves. I immediately sent for Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, Eighteenth Wisconsin Infantry, to deploy his command and hold the rebels, approaching on the Acworth and Dallas roads, until further orders. This he did successfully, remaining on the line until the rebels had wholly outflanked and rendered his position worthless, when he moved back into the fortifications. I

