
placed the Fourth Minnesota Infantry in the fortifications on the east side of the railroad, five companies of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois infantry in the WEST side of the railroad, and five companies of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois I sent out to hold a commanding point on the road leading to Pumpkin Vine Creek. About 6. 30 a. m. the rebels opened on us with artillery, with which they kept up a fierce and continuous fire for more than an hour, when it temporarily and partially ceased. At about 8. 30 a. m. the rebel infantry moved upon us, their line extending from the railroad south of our position around on the WEST of a considerable distance over and beyond the railroad on the north. General Corse ordered two regiments of his DIVISION (the Twelfth and Fiftieth Illinois Infantry) into the works east of the railroad, and with those regiments, together with the Fourth Minnesota Infantry, he direction me to hold the position. About half an hour afterward General Corse, to cover a necessary movement, ordered to the WEST side of the railroad one of the regiments left with me. By some error in communicating the order, both the Twelfth and the Fiftieth Illinois Regiments moved to the other side of the railroad, leaving the Fourth Minnesota Infantry to contend against the troops advancing directly upon us from the north. This, from our great advantage of position, we were able to do, and also to assist greatly the troops on WEST side of railroad against rebels charging on them from the north and northwest. About 10. 30 a. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson brought four companies of his regiment (Eighteenth Wisconsin) to the assistance of the Fourth Minnesota Infantry; the other three companies of his command, under Captain Brunner, having some time before moved back into the fort on WEST side of railroad. The detachment of Ninety-THIRD Illinois Infantry sent out on the Pumpkin Vine Creek road were moved back into the fortifications about 10 a. m. There was no further movement of my command. From the commencement of the attack the contest was never for one moment intermittent. The rebels moved forward with boldness and perseverance, and at length when they did withdraw, at about 3 p. m., they had been so broken in the contest they withdrew as individuals and not as organizations. The rebel loss has been heavy. With the conduct of my command I am satisfied. Officers commanding regiments and batteries labored bravely and faithfully. The whole command seemed determined to hold the place at any cost, and many brave deeds I saw that day. I have to thank the officers and men of my command for the earnestness with which they did their duty, and especially do we all most heartily express our thanks to General Corse and his command for their opportunity arrival and heroic conduct. My losses are considerable and are as follows:

Commands	 Killed	 Wounded 	 Missing

93rd Illinois	 21	 52	 10

Infantry

18th Wisconsin	 1	 9	 2

Infantry

4th Minnesota	 11 	 33	 --

Infantry

12th Wisconsin	 5	 15	 --

Battery

Detachment 5th	 --	 1	 --

Ohio Cavalry

Total loss, 160.

Some 70 or 80 prisoners were brought in by my command, and the Fourth Minnesota Infantry brought in 2 rebel flags.

J. E. TOURTELLOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Garrison at Allatoona.

Lieutenant A. P. VAUGHAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth DIVISIONS, Fifteenth Army Corps.

