
after the robbery was committed General Morgan's attention was called to the fact by Colonel D. Howard Smith, who urged him to have the matter investigated at once. Instead of doing so he moved with a portion of his command that day toward Lexington, Ky. Since the return of the command to Abingdon, Va., appeals have been made to him by Cols. R. A. Alston and R. M. Martin and others to institute proceedings of investigation, but he has failed to do so, except in so far as to appoint his inspector-general, Captain B. H. Allen, to look after it. Without having taken any steps in the matter his inspector-general has been allowed to go off on a thirty days' leave of absence.

I regard this outrage as most high-handed and disgraceful, and having been associated with General Morgan during his Kentucky expedition, neither myself nor my officers are willing to be identified with it, and it is but just to them and to me that a full and fair investigation should take place at once. I respectfully request that the Department send some reliable agent to this command to take the testimony.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. GILTNER,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Blue Springs, Tenn. August 23, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Herewith I inclose you a copy of letter* addressed to you, and sent through official channels at time of its date. Fearing that the matter may be delayed in General Morgan's office, and earnestly desiring that the Department may take some early action, I take the liberty of sending a copy direct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. GILTNER,

Colonel, Commanding Williams' Brigade.

RICHMOND, June 29, 1864.

H. Marshall presents for the perusal of the President a letter written by General John H. Morgan on the eve of his departure for Kentucky, which Honorable E. M. Bruce says the President would like to see. Mr. Marshall hopes the President will find in its Page s satisfactory evidence of the bold strategy which directed General Morgan's movement, and that as the effect upon General Burbridge proved exactly as General Morgan had calculated he will have credit for fertility of military resource, which by drawing the adversary back into Kentucky has probably saved Saltville, while his opportune reappearance will be apt to protect it against the efforts of those whose combinations have been thus far thwarted by his movement. The letter at least exhibits the views and motives of General Morgan.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. MARSHALL.

For the PRESIDENT.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

