
Numbers 85. Report of Captain Gray, Ninety-THIRD Illinois Infantry, First Brigade.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD Illinois VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Allatoona, Ga., October 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters First Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, of date 12th instant, I would respectfully submit, through you, to the proper authority, the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-THIRD Illinois Volunteer Infantry in the action of October 5, 1864, at this place:

When the firing began on the picket-line at 1. 30 a. m. the regiment was at once turned out under arms, the right wing occupying the rifle pits WEST of the fort occupied the fort. These positions were retained until daylight. At daylight the right wing was thrown out as skirmishers, the line crossing the new fort road obliquely, fronting toward the southwest. Three companies of left wing were posted in the pits around Fort Numbers 1, and two companies of the wing thrown across the ridge running to the northwest from the fort. Ordered from the skirmish line at 9 a. m., the right wing formed in the road in front of the fort, moving form thence to the support of the troops in the pits WEST of the fort. Fighting in this last position near half an hour, the whole line fell back to the fort. The two companies northwest of the fort fell back at the same time and joined the regiment at the fort. It was now near 10 a. m. From this time till the enemy withdrew the regiment fought from the fort. We went into action with 14 officers and 280 guns. The loss was as follows, to wit: 21 men killed, 3 officers and 49 men wounded, and 10 men missing. No prisoners nor colors of enemy were captured by the command. The conduct of both officers and men was good throughout the action.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,CLARK GRAY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. R. STANFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 86. Report of Major James C. Edson, Fourth Minnesota Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTH MINNESOTA INFANTRY VET. VOLS., Allatoona, Ga., October 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor the part taken by my regiment in the action at this place October 5 instant:

I had 450 men engaged in the battle, a part of which were on grand guard, and skirmished with the enemy before and after daybreak. During the night previous Captain D. G. Towle was sent out with part of his company on the road leading to the Allatoona Iron- Works, with instructions to hold the pass at the foot of the bluff on the north side of the railroad, and, in case of need, to send for assistance. At 9 a. m. he sent to me that he was hard pressed and must have immediately help, whereupon I ordered Captain I. N. Morrill to join him with his company, directing him to fall back, if attacked by a heavy force, to the

