
works on the hill near our camp. This he did, holding in check two regiments of the enemy until the remaining portion of my command, excepting two companies stationed at the north fort, were placed in position to receive them. I regret to say that Captain Towle was severely wounded. Meanwhile we were being furiously shelled from the opposite direction, and also suffered a serious cross-fire from the enemy beyond the south fort. The two regiments of the enemy charged with much desperation, but were forced back, excepting small detachments of each that pushed forward and took shelter in a narrow ravine near our works, where we captured 80 prisoners, including 1 field and several line officers, with the colors of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-ninth Regiments MISSISSIPPI Infantry, and 123 stand of arms. My losses are: killed and died of wounds, 13 enlisted men; wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 29 enlisted men; total, 30; total killed and wounded, 43.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of my command. All behaved like heroes. About 160 of my regiment were recruits who had received their arms only three days before. They behaved most admirably, fighting with the steadiness of veterans. Where all did so nobly it is impossible to distinguish individual acts of bravery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. EDSON,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. R. STANFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, THIRD DIVISION.

Numbers 87. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Jackson, Eighteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH WISCONSIN VETERAN VOLS.,Allatoona, Ga., October 14, 1864.

SIR: I very respectfully submit the following report of this regiment in the battle at this place October 5, 1864:

Captain Jackson was detached with thirty men October 4 and ordered to the bridge across Allatoona Creek, on the Acworth road, to guard it. At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 5th he became engaged with the enemy, who was then advancing to take position. I was ordered to take what remained of my command, proceed to the skirmish line, and hold the enemy until dayLight, if possible. At 4 o'clock I found the enemy taking position near my line. I at once opened fire upon them, causing them to retire nearly half a mile. I remained on this line until 10. 30 o'clock, when I discovered a charging column moving up between the Cartersville and Pumpkin Vine road, driving our forces rapidly toward the fort, WEST of the railroad. I at once commenced moving my men to the fort in order to assist in its defense. I returned under a severe fire of grape, canister, and shell, and reached the fort, east of the railroad, where I remained during the remainder of the fight.

I subjoin a list of the killed and wounded. *

Three companies of the regiment were at a railroad bridge two miles south of this place, in a block-house. They were kept in the house over

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed, 13 enlisted men wounded, and 4 commissioned officers and 77 enlisted men taken prisoners.

---------------

