
forty hours, and only surrendered when the roof was on fire and the men suffocating from smoke and heat. The enemy fired forty-nine shots of artillery at it without doing much damage, except setting it on fire.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Eighteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. R. STANFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 88. Report of Colonel Clark R. Wever, Seventeenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., October 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command in the late raid of General Hood's army upon this point and intermediate points between this place and Dalton, Ga.:

In connection I would state that in compliance with orders from Bvt. Brigadier General Green B, Raum, I assumed command of the Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the 1st instant, headquarters at Resaca, Ga. The garrison at that post consisted of the Eightieth Ohio Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel P. Metham; two companies of the Tenth Missouri Infantry, Captain J. W. Strong; two companies Seventh [Sixth?] Kentucky Cavalry, Captain Coffman, and a garrison battery of four guns, commanded by Lieutenant Samuel Winsor and manned by details from the brigade. The garrison at Tilton, six miles distant, was composed of the Seventeenth Iowa Veteran Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Archer, and numbering 290 muskets. At a point midway two companies of the Tenth Missouri, guarding a construction camp, occupied a small stockade. The FIFTY-sixth Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Hall, were stationed at Calhoun and Adairsville. Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Hall, were stationed at Calhoun and Adairsville. From the date at which I assumed command until the action on the 12th and 13th instant information was received daily from citizens and other sources that Hood's army was moving northward, and in anticipation of an attack either upon this point or some point occupied and held by my command, every available means was made use of to strengthen our position so as to make the most obstinate resistance possible with the force at hand. At Resaca new rifle-pits were made, the old ones deepened and repaired, and rude palisades set around the works until we considered them quite formidable. I also directed Lieutenant- Colonel Archer to strengthen the works at Tilton, at the same time ordering him to select seventy men to garrison the block-house at that point, and hold the balance of his command in readiness to move at a moment's notice in the event of a probable attack in force upon Resaca. Captain White was also ordered to be in readiness to move to Resaca. I telegraphed for permission to call in all of the garrison at Tilton except seventy men, and in reply was notified by General Raum that "the post at Tilton must be held," but at the same time received instructions to bring in Captain White's command in the event of an attack, and also to bring in the FIFTY-sixth Illinois Infantry from Calhoun and Adairsville. I kept scouts in Snake Creek Gap and beyond. Nothing more than small parties of the enemy's cavalry were discovered until the

