
evening of the 11th instant, when I received information through citizens that Wheeler's cavalry and a heavy force of infantry were camped on John's Creek, upon gaining which I ordered the troops from Calhoun and Adairsville to come immediately to Resaca. They arrived about 12 o'clock that night. I concluded not to bring in the detachment at the construction camp until satisfied that we were positively menaced by a large force, as they were guarding a very large supply of bridge and other valuable timber. On the morning of the 12th instant a reconnaissance returned from John's Mountain and reported the enemy advancing in force. Soon after the road and telegraph were cut about two miles above Resaca. I at once sent a courier to Captain White, ordering him in, but the rebels were already between him and Resaca, and the courier could not reach him. I had directed Captain Coffman to send a company out on the Villanow road and reconnoiter. They soon encountered the rebel advance and skirmished with it, falling slowly back to our picket- line, three-quarters of a mile out on the Villanow road, and at the crossing of Sugar Creek they held the enemy in check until a company of the FIFTY-sixth Illinois came to their assistance and deployed as skirmishers. The firing became quite brisk at this time, and deeming it prudent to keep the enemy beyond the creek as long as possible, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Hall with four additional companies of his regiment (FIFTY-sixth Illinois), instructing him to skirmish with and, if possible, develop the strength of the enemy. The left of Colonel Hall's line rested on the Oostenaula, his right beyond the Villanow road. The remaining five companies of his regiment were posted as reserves to cover the skirmishers in case they were compelled to retire, at the same time keeping a vigilant eye against flanking movements. The enemy could now be seen planting a battery on the bad hill to the westward, and I ordered Lieutenant Winsor to shell them, but the attempt was unsuccessful, as the distance was too great for his guns. He then turned his attention to a column of infantry which could be seen covering the railroad about a mile above town. The firing was brisk, and at times quite heavy, increasing continually until 4. 30 p. m., when Colonel Hall informed me that a flag of truce was approaching. I sent Captain W. W. McCammon, acting assistant adjutant-general, to confer with the bearer. The captain soon returned in company with Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, bringing the following communication, viz:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,In the Field, October 12, 1864.

To the Officer Commanding U. S. Forces at Resaca, Ga.:

SIR: I demand an immediate and unconditional surrender of the post and garrison under your command, and should this be acceded to, all white officers and soldiers will be paroled within a few days. If the place is carried by assault no prisoners will be taken.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.

To this I replied as follows:
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., October 12, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

Your communication of this date just received. In reply I have to state that I am somewhat surprised at the concluding paragraph, to the effect that "If the place is carried by assault no prisoners will be taken. " In my opinion I can hold this post; if you want it come and take it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CLARK R. WEVER,

Commanding Officer.

48 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

