
Colonel Hall delivered my answer, returned to his command, the truce ended, and the fight was resumed. At this juncture, Colonel Watkins arrived on the opposite side of the river from Calhoun with about 500 cavalry, swelling the garrison to 1,200 men. As the road bridge, which had been carried away by the drift wood, was unfinished, I directed him to dismount, cross his men on the railroad bridge, and push them forward as skirmishers from the right of Colonel Hall's line to the river on our right, which was at once executed. The Eightieth Ohio and detachment of Tenth Missouri occupied the rifle-pits at the fort. I had 40,000 rations in the commissary department, a portion of which was conveyed to the forts and the remainder so arranged as to be burned at once, if it should become necessary. Anticipating the approach of our army from below, I kept the construction detachment at work upon the road bridge, to facilitate the passage of troops. The enemy discovering this, opened fire upon the workmen and compelled them to abandon the work. I then ordered them to construct a pontoon bridge above the railroad. When night came on I drew in the skirmishers to the old line of rebel works from 300 to 500 yards distant from the forts. At 9 p. m. the pontoon bridge was completed. At this time heavy musketry could be heard in the direction of the construction camp midway between Resaca and Tilton. Here a most desperate resistance was made for five hours, until Captain White had fallen wounded, and his gallant little band, overpowered by thousands, was forced to yield. No change was made in the disposition of the troops, except relieving a portion of Colonel Watkins' men by details from the Eightieth Ohio, until 2. 30 a. m., of the 13th, when General Raum, arriving from Kingston with 350 men of Tenth Illinois Infantry, took command.

In conclusion, I must say too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the heroic little garrison for their indefatigable labors upon the works, which they endured without a murmur, and for the bravery and perfect system displayed upon the skirmish line. No particular body of troops can claim distinction, for all did their duty and their whole duty as veteran soldiers. To Lieutenant-Colonels Hall and Metham I am especially indebted for valuable assistant rendered. Lieutenant Winsor served his guns in a most creditable manner, having but just arisen from a sick bed.

My more than thanks are due to my staff officers for their kindness, consideration, and fidelity in the discharge of their duties, particularly Capts. W. W. McCammon and Samuel Roper.

For casualties I refer you to the accompanying reports.

I am, very respectfully,

CLARK R. WEVER,

Colonel Seventeenth Iowa Infantry.

Captain S. M. BUDLONG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 89. Report of Captain William W. McCammon, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., October 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: During the night of the 12th instant, after a desperate resistance of five hours, Companies H, Tenth Missouri, and E, Twenty-

