
fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, attached, stationed on the railroad three miles and a half north of here, were taken prisoners by the enemy. The captain commanding detachment and the enlisted men too badly wounded to be moved, were left by the enemy, together with some of their own wounded. The prisoners taken away by the enemy were I first lieutenant and 57 enlisted men. The term of service of most of the men and of the officers expired on the 15th instant. I respectfully ask that some arrangement be attempted by which a speedy exchange may be effected.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient,

WM. W. McCAMMON,

Captain E. Co., 24th Missouri Infty. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 90. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John P. Hall, FIFTY- sixth Illinois Infantry.

[October -, 1864.]

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions of the general commanding I have the honor to submit the following report in regard to the part taken by this command in the recent affair at Resaca:

On Tuesday, the 11th instant, at 5 p. m. I received orders by telegraph from Colonel Wever, commanding brigade, to remove my command to Resaca without delay, the regiment being divided into seven detachments on a line of fifteen miles on the Western and Atlantic Railroad. Some time was consumed in getting them all ready to move. At 10 p. m. I reached the south bank of the Oostenaula River, at Resaca, with the five companies from Calhoun and vicinity, to wit, A, C, D, E, and H, with teams, baggage, camp and garrison equipage, and by means of a small ferry flat crossed the river and bivouacked in front of headquarters at 1 a. m. on the 12th instant, and at 5 a. m. on the 12th instant Captain James P. Files arrived with the five companies form Adairsville, to wit, B, G, F, I, and K, having marched seventeen miles. At 8 a. m., by direction of Colonel Wever, twenty-five men were sent with picks and spades to work in the trenches, and with the five companies, A, Captain Samuel Atwell; C, Lieutenant John C. Lewis; D, Lieutenant C. C. McGee; E, Captain William E. Webber; H, Lieutenant James J. Travers, and seventy-five dismounted men of Colonel L. D. Watkins' cavalry brigade, with axes and five teams, I went east to construct an abatis around the north redoubt east of town. While thus engaged, at 1 p. m. a discharge of small-arms WEST of town commenced, and soon a lively skirmish began. I ordered my men back to town, one-half mile distant, and directed the cavalry detachment to remain at the east forts and await orders. Leaving Captain William E. Webber, Company E, to conduct the five companies in, I reported to Colonel Wever at brigade headquarters. Captain Webber soon arrived, when the regiment was formed in order of battle behind field-works in front of headquarters building. Colonel Wever directed me to take three companies and develop the enemy, and if driven in to put five companies, under command of Captain Files, into the east fort, and to take the other five companies into the WEST fort, and also informed me that one of

