
Colonel Wever's letter to General Hood, and delivered it to Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, commanding the enemy's truce party, who opened and read it, and asked how long this truce should continue. I told him it seemed really not to have commenced on the right (owing to the movement of his forces in that direction). He said the firing was from our (your) forces; his would not fire. I told him I had no instructions, but would hold the truce open until each party (i. e., he and I) could rejoin our respective commands, to which he agreed, when we departed. At this time the sun had set. In a few moments firing commenced, and they opened with the two guns previously mentioned. Firing became heavier on the hills in front of headquarters and to the rear of my right. Feeling unsafe so far out, and having been instructed by Colonel Wever, I slowly withdrew my line, the enemy's shells bursting over and in my rear without effect. Company F was sent in for ammunition, and I ordered out Company K, Lieutenant John L. Hase; Company I, Lieutenant Mark M. Evans, and Company G, Lieutenant George W. Rankin, [of] Company A, and by direction of Colonel Wever, and with the assistance of Captain Files, acting field officer, and Lieutenant M. J. Dempsey, Company K, acting adjutant, re-established the line, the line in the rifle-pits WEST of town extending from the north bank of the river to the north end of hill in front of brigade headquarters, composed of Companies A, C, G, H, I, and K, with a light skirmish line 150 yards in advance. I had ammunition issued to regiment to make eighty rounds per man. At 7 p. m. Company D, Lieutenant C. C. McGee; Company B, James C. Tanquary; Company F, Lieutenant Josiah Joiner, were behind the old field-works first occupied by the regiment. Company E, Captain Webber, was absent, and upon inquiry I found they were skirmishing beyond the hill in advance of Companies C and K, having been sent there in the evening without reporting to me. I sent Lieutenant M. J. Dempsey out to communicate with Captain Webber, who met him returning, having been previously ordered in. A heavy storm had arisen, and, with the darkness, seemed to have put a stop to operations on either side. The enemy, however, sent in a few shells, enfilading my reserve and bursting without effect. At 9 p. m., by order of Colonel Wever, Company D was sent to construct a pontoon, and returned at 1 a. m. 13th instant, having completed the bridge, when Company E was sent to guard it.

About the hour of 3 a. m. General Raum ordered me to destroy the field-works running from headquarters to rear of the railroad before dayLight, and in case of and assault not to fight in that position, but so arrange and instruct the companies as to relieve the main works, putting one-half in the main work and the other half in the little work at the end of the railroad bridge, with as little confusion as possible. I destroyed the works as directed, and sent Company D to the WEST fort to report to General Raum, and took Companies B and F and one-half of Company E into the above- mentioned small work, which was speedily put in a position of defense. In a short time I had the work in a very good condition, capable of containing 240 men. The six companies on the advance line kept up a lively exchange of shots with the enemy in the advanced pits until 5 p. m. 13th instant, when they were retired. Companies A, I, and H were sent to the WEST fort, and Companies C, G, and K took their positions in the fort with me. The command having eaten and slept but little since the 11th instant, were much fatigued, yet lively and cheerful, and at 7 p. m., 13th instant, bivouacked in the trenches. At 8 p. m. same night Company D, Lieutenant Thomas B. O'Hara, was detailed as train guard and proceeded to Adairsville, from which

