
place they returned the 14th instant, at 8 a. m. By command of General Raum I embarked my command on the cars, and after considerable delay reached Calhoun at 3 p. m. 14th instant, and at 5 o'clock my old line of seven detachments, covering fifteen miles, was re-established.

Our usual good fortune attended us in this affair, our list of casualties being only 5 wounded by the enemy, 1, First Sergt. Simon Bargar, seriously. The men and officers promptly did their duty well. Captain John E. Barker, Company C, and First Lieutenant George T. McKenzie, Company B, being unable for duty, their commands, Companies C and G, were for the time being turned over to Lieutenant John C. Lewis, Company C, and Lieutenant George W. Rankin, Company A. Lieutenant Hiram S. Dunlap, Company F, being on staff duty, it was but just to Lieutenant Joiner that he should retain command of Dunlap's Company F. Captain Files became disabled on the morning of the 13th by accidentally falling. Lieutenants Dempsey and Dunlap were at all times ready to execute my orders, and often exposed themselves to the enemy's fire while giving instructions to the companies in advance. Captain William E. Webber, Company E, also rendered valuable service on the 13th instant in protecting the pontoon and assisting to construct and rearrange the works near the railroad bridge. Company D, Lieutenant C. C. McGee, assisted by Lieutenant Thomas B. O'Hara, though comparatively new in the business, completed the pontoon bridge, in spite of the mud and enemy's shells, in a commendably short space of time. Sergt. Silas B. Cole, Company I, threw out a shell from near his commanding officer in the pit before it burst among them. Other meritorious acts were performed by enlisted men, for which I shall seek an early occasion to reward.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. W. McCAMMON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 91. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samson M. Archer, Seventeenth Iowa Infantry.

TILTON, GA., October 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of my regiment (Seventeenth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry) at Tilton, Ga., on the 13th of October, 1864:

At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 13th my pickets on the railroad between Resaca, and this place were fired upon. They immediately deployed and skirmished with the enemy as they fell back to the block-house, into which I at once placed as many men as could conveniently man the loop-holes, and disposed of the rest in the pits on either side, at the same time sending out Companies A and B as skirmishers on the left of the railroad toward the Connesauga and on the road in the direction from which the first demonstration was made upon us. They had been deployed but a few minutes when they were charged by the rebels, forced back to the block-house, and very soon we were surrounded by a very heavy force of skirmishers, who secreted themselves behind trees, logs, and our partially destroyed huts. A brisk fire was

