
maintained on both sides for four hours, during which time the rebels gained no ground, and were punished considerably, while my loss was but 3 or 4 men from chance shots into the ditch or through loop-holes.

At 11 o'clock the following was received, under flag of truce, by me:
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Near Tilton, Ga., October 13, 1864.

To the Officer Commanding U. S. Forces at Tilton:

SIR: I have ample for to take the garrison at Tilton. To save loss of life I demand an immediate and unconditional surrender. If this demand is complied with all the white troops and their officer shall be paroled within a few days, and the negroes shall be well treated. If refused I will take the place and give instruction to take no prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. P. STEWART,

Lieutenant-General, C. S. Army.

To this demand I replied: "I will not surrender; if you want my garrison you will have to take it. " I at once notified the command that there would be no surrender, which was applauded by all. During the truce the rebels posted themselves more advantageously, and as soon as their bearer of truce had passed out of danger, commenced a very brisk fire. I exhorted my men to waste no ammunition, of which I had but 27,000 rounds at the commencement. Sharpshooting was kept up until 1 p. m., and I was congratulating myself that the enemy, having no artillery at hand, would soon abandon the place, knowing that charging would result disastrously to them, when a cannon-ball passed over the house, and it was discovered that three guns were in position on the crest of the hill, distant about 275 or 300 yards southwest of us. Twenty-one shots were fired from these guns (12-howitzers) at intervals of about two minutes, doing no further injury to us than a few slight wounds, a part of the roof torn off, and the protection to the entrance shattered. Discovering that we would not yield, but on the contrary poured volley after volley into them as their guns were wheeled into position, they introduced three 24-pounder Napoleons, and opened a terrific fire upon us. Every shot that struck the block-house sprung and shattered its timbers and shook the building as if it were a reed. The roof was soon demolished and its timbers so much strained that the dirt covering rained down on us in torrents. We endured this, still hoping for assistance from some quarter, until 2. 30 o'clock. The last and forty-seventh shot fired (24-pounder shell) entered a loop-hole and exploded in the center of the room, prostrating half the men and enveloping us in a smoke so dense that no one could see his comrade. Failing to receive assistance, and conscious of the fact that two or three more shots would reduce the house and crush my men, that the pits were gradually being brought under enfilading range, and having but ten or eleven rounds of ammunition left, I surrendered the garrison, satisfied with having detained the rebels seven and a half hours. My force consisted of 280 muskets and about 20 extra duty and other disarmed men. Captain Horner (Company G) and 31 men made their escape before we were surrounded, and 8 men were left with the wounded.

The Confederate loss was very severe, particularly among their artillerists.

I was taken to Dalton, and on the morning of the 14th myself and Adjt. F. Woolsey were paroled in consideration of the gallant defense of my post (so reads the indorsement of my parole). In conclusion, I am in duty bound to say that Adjutant Woolsey, Lieutenant C. W. Wood-

