
row, and Lieutenant Theodore Tomson, who were with me in the block-house, exhibited the most perfect self-control and coolness, and rendered me most invaluable assistance while in the pits outside the same gallant conduct was displayed among both officers and men which has heretofore characterized them in action. Colonel Wever was absent (commanding at Resaca) during the engagement, and was at the same time confronted by the rebel General Lee's army corps.

Accompanying I sent list of casualties. *

I am, captain, very respectfully,

S. M. ARCHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Iowa Vet. Vols.

Captain W. W. McCAMMON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 92. Reports of Brigadier General John M. Corse, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth DIVISION.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Allatoona, Ga., October 7, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report:

Started from Rome, Ga., at 8. 30 p. m. October 4, on signal telegram from you, via Allatoona, with a portion of one brigade of my DIVISION. Arrived at this place about midnight. Sent train back for another load of troops, and with Lieutenant-Colonel Tourtellotte, commanding this post, rode around and made myself acquainted with the nature of the defenses and surrounding country.

At daylight the 5th disposed my troops ready for the enemy, who had been pushing the picket-lines warmly since my arrival. About 7 a. m. the enemy opened artillery upon us from Acworth road, to which we responded. Skirmish fire continued to extend to our right and rear until 8. 30 a. m., when a flag of truce appeared on the Cartersville road, bearing a summons to surrender a copy of which, with reply, find inclosed. About 8. 45 a. m. a furious assault was made on our lines from three directions, south, west, and north. We held our position in the outer works for about two hours, when we were driven into the WEST fort. The enemy followed up and continued to fight with great desperation until 3. 30 p. m., when they withdrew in disorder, repulsed at every point. With a brigade of fresh troops I would have captured French's entire DIVISION. We saved all the stores, buried 150 rebel dead, including 2 colonels and several other field officers. Have 400 prisoners, including the wounded; among the wounded are 1 rebel colonel and several other field officers. We have in our possession 3 stand of rebel colors, and have already gathered 500 stand of small-arms, and the country, is still strewn with them. A rebel surgeon reports General Young killed and General Cockrell wounded. My loss is about 600 killed, wounded, and missing. I brought about 900 muskets with me. Colonel Tourtellotte had about 600, making in all about 1,500. We looked anxiously all day for the arrival of my troops from Rome or re- enforcements from you. The damage done to the track by the recent heavy rains prevented the train I sent from returning with my troops until the morning of the 6th.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

