
Lieutenant William Ludlow, of Engineers, sent to Rome by Captain Poe to inspect fortifications there, accompanied me here as volunteer aide, and will bear this informal report to you. He will give you the minute details of the affair. The pain occasioned by the severe wound in my head prevents me from doing so, also from mentioning the numerous deeds of gallantry and daring performed by officers and men during the action. All did well. My thanks are especially due to Lieutenant-Colonel Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Infantry, for his hearty co-operation, cool courage, and gallantry. Though wounded in the early part of the action he remained with his men until the close. Colonel Rowett, of Seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding the THIRD Brigade of my DIVISION, also did gallant service.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of this DIVISION since the 25th day of September, 1864, at which time two brigades of the DIVISION were lying at East Point, Ga., with the troops of our corps and department; the THIRD Brigade, Colonel Richard Rowett commanding, garrisoned Rome, Ga.:

On the 26th of September ultimo, in pursuance to orders from Major- General Howard, I moved that portion of the DIVISION at East Point to Rome, Ga., via Atlanta, where we obtained transportation, and arrived at Rome on the 27th of September at 2 a. m. The Special Order, Numbers 217, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, directed that on reaching Rome I should unite the DIVISION and be prepared to act against any force that might attempt to threaten Bridgeport from the direction of Gadsden. Verbal instructions from General Sherman, received while passing through Atlanta, indicated in addition that the DIVISION was placed at Rome in observation, ready at all times to strike in any direction the enemy might be discovered taking. The commanding officer at Rome was relieved on the 29th, and I assumed command at once, bending all energies to organizing, drilling, and equipping the command for rapid work. The First Alabama Cavalry, Colonel George E. Spencer commanding, was ordered to report to me, and the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Hughes commanding, which came from East Point with us, together furnished an excellent mounted brigade for offensive operations and reconnaissances. The lines were sealed against citizens, the earth- works overhauled and new ones commenced, and such disposition made of the troops as would insure safety and comfort to the command. On the 29th a telegram was received from General Sherman intimating that Hood was crossing the Chattahoochee in the direction of Blue Mountain, and directed me to watch well for the appearance of infantry in or about Cedartown. Spies and scouts were sent out in every direction, frequent reconnaissances made with the cavalry, but no positive information gained of the enemy, except the whereabouts and movements of their cavalry, and that Hood had crossed a part if not all of his force over the Chattahoochee.

