
tenant Colonel Redfield commanding; nine companies Seventh Illinois Infantry, 267 men, Lieutenant-Colonel Perrin commanding; eight companies Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, 267 men, Lieutenant- Colonel Hanna commanding; two companies FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry, 61 men, Captain Van Steenburg commanding; detachment of Twelfth Illinois Infantry, Adams' brigade, 155 men, Captain Koehler commanding; total, 1,054, making an aggregate of 1,944.

Even at this early hour (2 a. m.) a brisk fire was maintained on the skirmish line, and Colonel Tourtellotte was compelled to send the Eighteenth Wisconsin Infantry out to re-enforce the outposts, and before dawn I found it necessary to throw a battalion of the Seventh Illinois Infantry out in support, as the enemy pressed warmly at all points from the south toward the depot. At daybreak, under cover of a strong line of skirmishers, I withdrew the forces from the town to the summit of the ridge on either side of the railroad cut. About 6 a. m. the troops were in the following position, viz: The Seventh Illinois Infantry and Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry in line of battle facing west, on a spur that covered the redoubt immediately on the hill over the cut; one battalion of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois in reserve, the other in line of skirmishers moving along the ridge in a westerly direction, feeling for the enemy, who was endeavoring to push a force around our right flank; the Fourth Minnesota, Fiftieth and Twelfth Illinois Infantry were in the works on the hill east of the railroad cut; the balance of the command were out on skirmish and outpost duty. Under a brisk cannonade, kept up for near two hours, with sharp skirmishing on our south front and on our WEST flank, the enemy pushed a brigade of infantry around north of us, cut the railroad and telegraph wire, severing our communication with Cartersville and Rome. The cannonading and musketry had not ceased, when at 8. 30 a. m. I received by flag of truce, which came from the north on the Cartersville road, the following summons to surrender:

AROUND ALLATOONA, October 5, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES,

Allatoona:

SIR: I have placed the forces under my command in such position that you are surrounded, and to avoid a needless effusion of blood, I call on you to surrender your forces at once and unconditionally. Five minutes will be allowed you to decide. Should you accede to this, you will be treated in the most honorable manner as prisoners of war.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

To which I made the following reply:
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Allatoona, Ga., October 5, 1864-8. 30 a. m

Major General S. G. FRENCH,

C. S. Army, &amp;c.:

Your communication demanding surrender of my command I acknowledge receipt of, and would respectfully reply that we are prepared for the "needless effusion of blood' whenever it is agreeable to you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces.

I then hastened to my different commands, informing them of the object of the flag and my answer, and the importance and necessity of their preparing for hard fighting. I directed Colonel Rowett to hold the spur on which the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry and Seventh Illinois Infantry

