
filading our ditches, and rendering it almost impracticable for a man to expose his person above the parapet. An effort was made to carry our works by assault, but the battery (Twelfth Wisconsin) was so ably managed and so gallantly fought as to render it impossible for a column to live within 100 yards of the works. Officers labored constantly to stimulate the men to exertion, and most all that were killed or wounded in the fort met this fate while trying to get the men to expose themselves above the parapet and nobly setting them the example. The enemy kept up a constant and intense fire, gradually closing around us and rapidly filling our little fort with the dead and dying. About 1 p. m. I was wounded by a rifle-ball, which rendered me insensible for some thirty or forty minutes, but managed to rally on hearing some person or persons cry, "Cease firing," which conveyed to me the impression they were trying to surrender the fort. Again I urged my staff, the few officers left unhurt, and the men around me to renewed exertion, assuring them that Sherman would soon be there with re- enforcements; the gallant fellows struggled to keep their heads above the ditch and parapet in the face of the murderous fire of the enemy now concentrated upon us. The artillery was silent for want of ammunition, and a brave fellow, whose named I regret to have forgotten, volunteered to cross the cut, which was under fire of the enemy, and go to the fort on the east hill and procure ammunition. Having executed his mission successfully he returned in a short time with an arm-load of canister and case-shot. About 2. 30 p. m. the enemy were observed massing a force behind a small house and the ridge on which the house was located, distant northwest from the fort about 150 yards. The dead and wounded were moved aside, so as to enable us to move a piece of artillery to an embrasure commanding the house and ridge. A few shots from the gun threw the enemy's column into great confusion, which being observed by our men, caused them to rush to the parapet and open such a heavy and continuous musketry fire that it was impossible for the enemy to rally. From this time until near 4 p. m. we had the advantage of the enemy, and maintained it with such success that they were driven from every position, and finally field in great confusion, leaving their dead and wounded, and our little garrison in possession of the field.

The hill east of the cut was gallantly and successfully defended by Colonel Tourtellotte, with that portion of the THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, that fell back from the town early in the morning. Not only did they repulse the assaults made upon them, but rendered me valuable aid in protecting my north front from the repeated attacks by Sears' brigade. Colonel Tourtellotte and his garrison are deserving of the highest praise, and I take special pleasure in recommending that gallant officer for promotion. Colonel Richard Rowett, Seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade of this DIVISION, manifested such zeal, intrepidity, and skill as to induce us all to feel that to his personal efforts we owed in an eminent degree the safety of the command. Twice wounded he clung tenaciously to his post, and fully earned the promotion I so cheerfully recommend may be awarded him.

The gallant dead, whose loss conveys grief to so many households, have left an imperishable memory, and the names of Redfield, Blodgett, and Ayers must prove as immortal as the holy cause for which they sacrificed their lives. I saw so many individual instances of heroism that I regret I c the tribute due each particular one. I can only express in general terms the highest satisfaction and pride I entertain in having been with and amongst them on that occasion.

