
the Summerville road and camped at the bridge over the Armuchee. On the evening of the 11th I further ascertained, by the aid of the First Alabama Cavalry and some deserters, that Hardee's corps, then commanded by Cheatham, had passed up by the road leading from Coosaville to the bridge over the Armuchee. The other two corps had passed up the main Chattooga Valley, via Alpine and Summerville. This information, as rapidly as it was procured, was telegraphed to General Sherman. General Howard sent a brigade from Second DIVISION, Fifteenth corps, commanded by Colonel Fowler, which arrived on the cars about noon of the 11th, and was placed in camp ready for any emergency. General Sherman arrived on the 12th, and his army encamped within three miles of Rome. On the 13th, by order of General Sherman, I moved my DIVISION, augmented by Colonel Fowler's brigade and Colonel Spencer's regiment of cavalry, across the Etowah, and with Colonel Hurlbut's brigade in advance, the other three brigades in supporting column the cavalry on the flanks, we advanced on Cave Spring for the purpose of developing the character and strength of the enemy's force lying near the pontoon bridge on which they crossed over the Coosa. Armstrong's and Gholson's brigade of cavalry, of Jackson's DIVISION, opposed us for about seven miles, with but very slight loss to ourselves. The enemy were driven back toward Cave Spring by the infantry, while I sent the cavalry to the point opposite Coosaville, where Hood had his pontoons, which were found to be gone and no enemy there. I received about 3 p. m. a note from General Sherman stating that "Hood had appeared before Resaca, and s" that I would immediately withdrawal my forces and return to Rome, which I did at once, reversing the order of march, placing the cavalry in rear, arriving at Rome at 8 p. m., making a march of nearly twenty- five miles. General Sherman directed that I should occupy Rome with my DIVISION, while the army moved to Resaca in pursuit of Hood. On the morning of the 14th General Sherman left Rome with that portion of his army that had not moved the preceding day to Resaca, and I was left to keep in check and watch the cavalry lying south and WEST of Rome. Later in the day I received a telegram from General Sherman, at Resaca, directing me to move with above 2,500 men and a section of artillery on the Summerville road, demonstrating against Hood's right and rear. On the morning of the 15th two brigades, with a section of artillery and a regiment of cavalry, moved out as directed, struck a cavalry force of the enemy about three miles from town, and drove them to Kinney's Creek, capturing about a dozen prisoners and a portion of General Allen's staff. The enemy crossed and destroyed the bridge, which then prevented farther pursuit. We ascertained from the prisoners and citizens that Wheeler's headquarters were at Dirt Town, and that Hood was falling back from the railroad toward La Fayette. This intelligence was immediately communicated to General Sherman, and the command returned to Rome. Cavalry patrols and infantry reconnoitering parties were sent out on the different roads leading from Rome WEST and south, and increasing vigilance exercised to procure information of the enemy's movements and his whereabouts. On the 17th General Sherman occupied Ship's Gap and La Fayette, while Garrard lay near Dirt Town. From General Sherman I received an order directing me to open communication with Garrard and to threaten Coosaville. He further communicated that Hood was retiring by Summerville and Alpine, and instructed me, if I found a favorable opportunity, to strike Hood in flank with my whole force. He further directed, as he intended following Hood to the Coosa, that I should build

49 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

