
another bridge across the Oostenaula and have 500,000 rations brought to Rome for his command. On the 21st General Sherman arrived at Gaylesville, and notified me that Hood had retreated to Gadsden, followed by Garrard's cavalry; that he intended crossing the Coosa, near Gaylesville, and occupying Center, and directed that I should float sufficient pontoons down the river to enable him to cross his command. Center is forty miles distant from Rome, by the river. The left bank swarmed with Jackson's cavalry and one brigade of infantry, and a regiment of cavalry, under Colonel Spencer, moved toward Cave Spring, to divert the enemy and cover the passage of the boats. Sixteen boats ladened with the necessary balk, chess, rope, and a guard of 100 men, were gently placed in the water, and on the right of the 22nd floated down the Coosa, arriving at Center, without any loss, in time to complete the bridge on the 24th. The activity of the DIVISION during the operations of the army about Rome was incessant, and, I have reason to believe, proved of great service to the commanding general. Rome, becoming the depot of supplies for the army, created, in addition to the military duties, onerous tasks for all officers and men. Four pontoon bridges were made by the DIVISION pioneer corps during the operations, two of which over the Oostenaula were used by the trains passing from the army at Gaylesville to Rome, the THIRD across the Etowah, used by the garrison, and the fourth was sent, as has been previously stated, down the Coosa for the use of the army at Center. In addition to these the pioneers had nearly completed the frame work for a substantial truss bridge across the Etowah. Heavy fatigue details were constantly required to load and unload supplies for the army, and to the credit of the command I state that the officers and men labored night and day unremittingly and with commendable zeal. On the 28th of October theof the Coosa, en route for Atlanta, and I was directed by the commanding general to have the command refitted, and all sick and wounded and surplus baggage removed to Chattanooga, preparatory to a long and arduous campaign. The destruction of the railroad north of Resaca prevented the removal of the patients in the hospital until cars be forwarded. When the repairs were made, such was the increased demand for them between Atlanta and Chattanooga that I was unable to secure but few at a time, and the work of removal went on slowly.

On the evening of the 4th the following communication was received from Major-General Sherman:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Kingston, Ga., November 4, 1864.

Brigadier General John M. CORSE,

Commanding Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, Rome, Ga.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that on receiving notice to evacuate Rome by telegraph, of which he will give you as much notice in advance as circumstances will permit, that you destroy in the most effective manner, by fire or otherwise, all foundries, bridges, shops of all kinds and descriptions, barracks, and buildings especially adapted to armed used, lumber or timber, as also all cars off the track or materials that cannot be removed, and then remove your command, via Kingston and Allatoona, to Marietta and report to General Howard, commanding the Army of the Tennessee.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY HITCHCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Every effort was made to procure cars for the speedy removal of the sick and wounded, the refugees with which the town was crowded, the stores and munitions of war that were captured with the place or had

