
latter regiment, had embarked on the train from Kingston; as I had previously ordered, and were on their way to Allatoona. At 9 p. m. the remainder of the brigade reached me from Rome, and after waiting until 11. 30 p. m. the train returned from Cartersville to convey the remainder of my command there. I immediately embarked and pushed forward as rapidly as possible, reached Cartersville at daybreak. After stopping a moment to confer with General Raum,, commanding at Cartersville, I pushed forward again until a break in the road was reached. This was soon repaired, as well as the telegraph line, and the train moved forward, reaching Allatoona about 10 a. m. Here I found the Seventh Iowa and the four companies of the FIFTY-second Illinois, who had reached the place the evening before. I remained at the place with the command until the 7th instant, when, in obedience to orders from General Corse, commanding DIVISION, the command prepared to move back to Cartersville. At 3 p. m. the command was on the road leading to Cartersville, which place was reached about 5. 30 p. m., the command encamping south of the town. The 8th instant, at 10 a. m., the command moved forward on the road leading to Kingston, which place was reached at 5 p. m; distance marched, eleven miles. the 9th instant the command moved at daylight on the road leading to Rome, arriving here at 12 m., marching a distance of fourteen miles.

I have no casualties to report, as none of my command was engaged with the enemy.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER MARTIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94. Report of Captain Robert Koehler, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade.
HDQRS. TWELFTH Regiment Illinois INFANTRY VOLS.,Camp, near Rome, Ga., October 10, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance to circular dated headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, October 10, 1864, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagement at Allatoona, Ga., on the 5th instant, marches, incidents, &amp;c., belonging thereto:

On the afternoon of the 4th instant, about 5 p. m., I moved my command, the Twelfth Illinois Infantry, pursuant to orders, with three days' rations, in light marching order, and sixty rounds of ammunition to the man, to the railroad depot to await further orders. At 6. 30 p. m., the train being ready, I reported my command, consisting of 8 officers, and 155 men, to Colonel Rowett, Seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding the expedition, and took possession, with other troops, of the cars. A portion of my regiment being on duty on the picket-line, two officers and sixty- eight men were not relieved, and left behind. I also left in camp FIFTY-four enlisted men, convalescent and sick. We left Rome for the place of our destination at about 8 p. m., arriving in Alla-

