
My officers assisted me in encouraging and cheering up the men, and obeyed and executed all orders with alacrity, regardless of danger and exposure. Five out of seven company commanders were wounded, but their wounds did not prevent them standing with manful bravery at their posts till the enemy was finally repulsed and retreated. The conduct of both officers and men was highly estimable, and where all have done their duty so well without exception I refrain from special mention.

The following is a list of the number engaged, and casualties during the action:

 Captai	 Lieute	 Sergea	 Corpor	 Priva

 ns. 	 nants. 	 nts. 	 als. 	 tes.

Present in action	 5	 4	 23	 20	 112

Killed	 -	 -	 4	 1	 5

Wounded	 4 	 1	 8	 6	 27

Total killed and	 4	 1	 12	 7	 32

wounded

After the close of the engagement the men were reformed, the ditches cleaned, and the old position retained; the men rested on their arms, and pickets posted to cover our front, while a heavy rain set in during the night. On the following morning, the 6th instant, the First Brigade arrived, and I reported my command to Colonel Hurlbut, FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry, Colonel Rowett and Major Hanna both being wounded in action the day before. On the 7th instant the regiment was assigned to the THIRD Brigade till we could rejoin our own. Left Allatoona for Rome at 4 p. m. ; arrived in Cartersville at 7. 30 p. m., where we camped for the night. Left Cartersville for Kingston at 11 a. m. on the following day, which place we reached at 5. 30 p. m. Started at daybreak on the 9th instant for Rome, and rejoined our brigade on the old campground at 1 p. m.

Accompanying this report is a list of casualties,* giving name, rank, company, and regiment of the killed and wounded and particulars.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT KOEHLER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment, Twelfth Illinois Infantry Vols.

Lieutenant P. P. ELLIS, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Numbers 95. Report of Major Wheelock S. Merriman, Twelfth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH Regiment Illinois INFANTRY VOLS.,Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the history of the Twelfth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers during the campaign from the battle of Allatoona, Ga., to the occupation of Savannah, Ga., by our forces:

After the battle of Allatoona the regiment returned to Rome, where it remained in camp until the 13th of October, when, with the

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

