
brigade, it moved out in support of the THIRD Brigade, which crossed the Etowah River and met the enemy four miles from Rome and skirmished with them, driving them about fourteen miles. The regiment then returned to Rome, and, with the exception of two forage expeditions, remained in camp until October 22. On the 22nd then regiment, with the brigade and First Alabama Cavalry, marched down the Coosa River as guard for a pontoon flotilla, and made demonstrations to secure its safe passage to the Army of the Tennessee, which having accomplished they returned to Rome, having marched eighteen miles out. From that time until November 11 the regiment remained in camp, occasionally sending out a forage expedition and at the same time preparing for the coming campaign.

November 11, the regiment left Rome at 6 a. m., marching four miles beyond Kingston, making about twenty miles. 12th, passed through Cassville at daylight; reached Etowah River at 8. 30 a. m., campaign a mile and a half beyond Allatoona; distance, twenty- three miles.

November 13, passed Acworth and Big Shanty, and camped near Marietta; distance, fifteen miles. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WHEELOCK S. MERRIMAN,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Regiment Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM PITTMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 96. Report of Captain William S. Boyd, Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH-SIXTH Illinois INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Savannah, Ga., January 2, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, December 31, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report, which is as complete as I can give from the data and records at my command, and these are imperfect, from the fact that I did not command the regiment any part of the time for which a report is required:

On the 13th of October, at 5 a. m., we moved in company with the brigade from Rome, Ga., the First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Corps, being in advance, crossed the Etowah above its junction with the Coosa, and moved down the south bank of the Coosa eleven miles. No engagement with the enemy; returned same day to our camp at Rome. On the 16th of October moved in company with the brigade from Rome, crossing the Oostenaula River 7 a. m., cavalry and First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, being in the advance; marched eight miles down the north bank of the Coosa, returning the same day to our camp at Rome, having had no engagement with the enemy. On the 22nd of October moved again across the Etowah River, in company with the brigade; marched down the Coosa on the south bank to Coosaville, eighteen miles, the Seventh Illinois in advance; no engagement with enemy. Moved at 2 a. m. on the 23d, returning to our camp at Rome on the same day. There were no other active operations on the part of this regiment during our stay at Rome.

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

