
Upon the receipt of special instructions from the general commanding the DIVISION, through Colonel Adams, to prepare the command for a long and arduous campaign, this regiment was, as soon as circumstances would permit, placed in a proper condition for the anticipated march, and when, on the 10th of November, marching orders were received, everything was in a complete state of readiness, the men properly clothed and equipped and in the best possible condition for the expected campaign. The march from Rome to Atlanta was marked by no event of importance. The troops were in the best of spirits, and there was but little or no straggling, the command going into camp each evening in fine order. *

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BOYD,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant WILLIAM PITTMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hector Perrin, Seventh Illinois Infantry, THIRD Brigade
HDQRS. SEVENTH Illinois VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Rome, Ga., October 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the battle at Allatoona Pass, October 5, 1864:

In compliance with orders from Colonel R. Rowett, commanding THIRD Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, on the 4th of October, 1864, I had my command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. At about 6 p. m. I was ordered to proceed to the railroad depot to get aboard the train and to leave one company (D) to report for duty to Major Johnson, commanding post of Rome. The remaining nine companies, numbering 291 muskets and 8 musicians, got on board the train with the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, two companies of the FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry, and the Twelfth Illinois Infantry, under command of Brigadier General J. M. Corse, [and] left Rome at about 9 p. m., and arrived at Allatoona a little after midnight. After disembarking I was ordered to take my position on the left of the railroad south of the depot. About 2 a. m. I was ordered to form line of battle some 200 yards in front of my former position, with the right of my command resting on the railroad. At about 3 a. m. I received orders to move my command on the right resting on some buildings. A little after daybreak I received orders from Colonel R. Rowett to throw two companies as skirmishers in front of my command and to retire slowly to the fort on the hill, leaving one other company in town to cover the retreat of the skirmishers if necessary. I was then ordered to take possession of a line of rifle-pits near the Cartersville road, with my right resting on that road and joining with the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry. At about 8. 30 a. m. the enemy advanced against our lines on the Cartersville road; I therefore sent for my skirmishers (three companies), which were still on the right of the railroad and in town. They arrived as the enemy was charging our lines most furiously, and enabled,

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

