
by their timely assistance, a portion of the Thirty-ninth Iowa to regain possession of a line of rifle-pits from which they had been driven after a long-contested struggle. The right of the line gave way before a vastly superior force, which movement compelled my command to abandon their rifle-pits and retreat to the fort. With a portion of it I fled into the rifle-pits around the fort and another portion entered into the fort, where the fighting was kept up until 2. 30 p. m., when the enemy retreated.

The losses sustained by my regiment are as follows: 37 killed, 66 wounded, most of them dangerously, and 38 missing.

I would here remark that all officers and men of my command did their duty well; not one left his post as long as it could be held.

Inclosed is a complete list of casualties in my command. *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HECTOR PERRIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant N. FLANSBURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. SEVENTH Illinois VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,Rome, Ga., October 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Illinois Infantry in the affair of October 13, 1864:

In compliance with orders from Lieutenant Colonel F. J. Hurlbut, commanding THIRD Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, moved my command, in company with the rest of the brigade, at 5 o'clock on the 13th instant, in the direction of Cave Spring, taking the right of then brigade, Company E, Seventh Illinois, being detailed as advance guard. At a distance of two miles and a half from Rome my advance drove in the outpost of the enemy. I deployed two companies (E and F) of my command as skirmishers, and afterward my whole command, and, with the assistance of one [section] of artillery,# drove the enemy from his position behind a temporary breast-work of rails. My skirmishers were then withdrawn, with the exception of two companies, and the column moved forward. At the distance of about one mile and a half from his first position, the enemy having planted a battery in a commanding position across an open field, and my whole command being again deployed as skirmishers, succeeded in driving him from his position. In this manner the enemy were driven from one position to another, my regiment, together with the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry on my left, advancing in line as skirmishers for a distance of about eight miles farther when I was ordered by the lieutenant-colonel commanding brigade to withdraw my regiment and take up the line of march toward Rome, where I arrived with my command at 8 o'clock the same evening.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully,

HECTOR PERRIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant N. FLANSBURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

#Of Battery B, First Michigan.

---------------

