
SIR: In compliance with instructions from your office I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment (Seventh Illinois) since the 14th of October, 1864, at which time I submitted my last report, to the present date:

From the 14th of October to the 1st of November my command was employed to strengthen and add to the defenses of Cemetery Hill, at Rome, Ga., as directed by the general commanding DIVISION. After the 1st of November, having received orders to prepare for an active campaign, the work on Cemetery Hill was slackened and I endeavored to put the regiment in campaigning order, sending to the rear, as directed by orders from DIVISION headquarters, all surplus baggage and also all officers and enlisted men found unfit by the surgeon to sustain the fatigue of a long march. In this wise three commissioned officers and seventy-one enlisted men were sent to the rear, including the wounded at the battle of Allatoona, and on the reconnaissance of October 13, 1864. Three commissioned officers and FIFTY-eighth enlisted men being detailed on special duty in the DIVISION, it left 12 commissioned officers and 225 enlisted men for duty in the regiment. On the 10th of November I received orders to have my command in readiness to move at 3 p. m. and to destroy the works on Cemetery Hill, which was accomplished. Left camp at 3. 30 p. m. and joined the brigade on the Kingston road. From that date until the 19th my command performed the duties required by troops on a march. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HECTOR PERRIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. GHOST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 98. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Hanna, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTIETH Illinois INFANTRY VETERAN VOLS.,Rome, Ga., October 10, 1864.

In compliance with orders received from brigade headquarters I took measures and provided my regiment with three days' rations, and forty rounds of ammunition to each man. I then formed the regiment and marched it to the depot at Rome, Ga., where there was a train in readiness, upon which I embarked the regiment on the evening of the 4th of October, 1864. About 8 p. m. the train moved out and arrived at Allatoona, Ga., about 1 o'clock the same night. We then disembarked and bivouacked for the remainder of the night on the east side of the railroad immediately in front of the two forts occupied by the troops stationed at that place, and a little before daylight I received orders to move my regiment back from the position I then occupied, and take a new position in column by DIVISION in rear of a temporary breast-work built of wagon boxes and wheels, which I did, the men moving quickly, but silently, in position. During this time the pickets had been firing.

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

