
the whole engagement. Though assailed by thrice their number, they still firmly held their ground, dealing out death to the enemy on every occasion, though their comrades were falling thick and fast around them, and thus the battle continued until nearly 3 p. m., and at 4 p. m. it had ceased altogether. Captain Horn, of my regiment, then coming up with the remainder of his company, took command of the regiment, and under his supervision the dead and wounded were cared for-the dead buried and the wounded carried to the hospital that was established in the town.

I wish particularly to call your attention to the gallant and soldierly conduct A. G. Pickett, second assistant surgeon of my regiment, [who] after having been wounded, commenced loading muskets for the men to fire. I do not mention any of my line officers for the reason that I should be compelled to compliment all, which would occupy too much time and space mentioning each one separately, though I here tender to the officers of the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry my heartfelt thanks for their gallant support and soldierly bearing during the whole engagement. After the dead and wounded were cared for, the regiment bivouacked on the battle-field immediately in front of the fort. I have received the report of casualties of each company, and find that out of 267 officers and men which I took into action I lost in killed and wounded 86 officers and men. I was placed on the train. The regiment started from Allatoona on the afternoon of the 7th and arrived at Rome, Ga., on the 9th of October, 1864.

I am, very respectfully,

WILLIAM HANNA,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Lieutenant N. FLANSBURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 99. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick J. Hurlbut, commanding Fifth-seventh Illinois Infantry and THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Rome, Ga., October 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would most respectfully report that on the 4th instant I received orders from Colonel R. Rowett, then commanding brigade, to report with my command (FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry) at the railroad depot, which I did about 7 p. m., but owing to the scarcity of cars could not get off but two companies, A and B, on first train with the balance of the brigade, but was ordered to remain and come on next train, which did not arrive, owing to break in the railroad seven miles from here, till about 7. 30 a. m. on the 5th. The FIFTY-seventh Illinois was immediately run down to the break, when the train returned for detachment of Seventh Iowa and FIFTY-second Illinois (six companies of Seventh Iowa and four of FIFTY-second Illinois). Soon as they arrived and were reloaded on train east side of break I ordered conductor to move with all possible dispatch to Cartersville, and from there to near the Allatoona Iron Works, where the whole command were unloaded and move directly to Allatoona, arriving about 8 p. m., several hours after the fighting had ceased, and, on reporting to the general commanding, learned that every field officer belonging to the command

