
had either been killed or wounded. He at once placed me in command of the brigade, but as there was no fighting after my arrival I can do but little more than forward you the reports of the several regimental commanders, which, in my opinion, are very complete of themselves.

The Twelfth Illinois Infantry was temporarily attached to the brigade, but on its return rejoined its own brigade, and no official report has been received from it by me.

During the night of the 5th that part of the FIFTY-seventh Illinois, FIFTY-second Illinois, and Seventh Iowa which had arrived with me were engaged in digging rifle-pits, and on the morning of the 6th, there being no signs of the enemy, details were made and sent out to bury the dead, bring in the wounded, and pick up the fire-arms lying scattered over the field. This occupied the entire day and a part of the 7th.

Our losses were as follows:

 Office	 Men. 	 Aggrega

 rs	 	 te

Killed. 	 6	 81	 87

Wounded. 	 11	 196	 207

Missing	 2	 109	 111

Total	 19	 368	 405

The command moved from Allatoona at about 2. 30 p. m. on the 7th, marched to Cartersville that night; next day, the 8th, to Kingston, where one company from FIFTY-seventh Illinois was left in charge of prisoners captured at Allatoona, balance of the brigade returning to Rome next day, 9th, arriving at about 12 m., each regiment going directly to camp.

Accompanying this I forward a list of casualties. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HURLBUT,

Lieutenant Colonel FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. H. EVERTS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Savannah, Ga., January 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the THIRD Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, under my command, from immediately after the Allatoona battle to the occupation of Savannah.

Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 7, received from DIVISION headquarters, I moved the brigade on the 13th October, 1864, across the Etowah River on the Cave Spring road at 5 a. m., the Seventh Illinois Infantry in advance, followed by the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry, and FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry, and Battery B, First Michigan Artillery. After advancing about four miles my advance encountered a picket-post, which fled at once upon being fired upon. After advancing about half a mile I threw forward two companies of the Seventh Illinois Infantry, armed with Henry rifles, as

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

