
the way for seven miles, and the entire command marching most of the way, either in the timber-many places where the undergrowth was very dense-or through the fields of corn or weeds and grass, any or either of which is very fatiguing, not one single word of complaint was heard, but on the contrary every officer and man seemed not only willing but anxious to do his whole duty, obeying every order with that promptitude which characterized a good soldier. Our losses were as follows: 1 non-commissioned officer and 5 privates wounded.

Loss of the enemy not known, but from reports received from citizens along the road think it must be much greater than our own. Quite early in the day one rebel was found mortally wounded, who said that 6 or 7 others wounded had just passed him going to the rear. From the 15th of October until the 1st of November my command was occupied in strengthening and adding to the defenses of Rome, Ga. Having received orders from the general commanding the DIVISION on the 1st of November to prepare for an active campaign, every exertion was used to place the command in readiness. Orders were received on the morning of the 10th to have my command ready to move on the Kingston road at 4 p. m., accompanying the supply train to a point four miles out and encamp for the night. Accordingly at 3. 30 p. m. I ordered my command to move in the following order: Seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 10 commissioned officers and 263 enlisted men; Fiftieth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 4 commissioned officers and 307 enlisted men; FIFTY-seventh Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, 14 commissioned officers and 420 enlisted men, accompanied by Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery, and moved out four miles and encamped for the night. At 6. 30 a. m. the 11th moved forward, following closely the First Alabama Cavalry and the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry; reached Kingston at 12 m. and camped two miles from Cassville. On the 12th broke camp at 4 a. m., and passing Cassville and Cartersville camped a little south of Allatoona. Started on the 13th at 7 a. m., passed Big Shanty, camped that night near Kenesaw Mountain, and reached the Chattahoochee River on the 14th. *

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HURLBUT,

Lieutenant Colonel FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. W. EDWARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th DIVISION, 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 100. Report of Major Eric Forsse, FIFTY-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH Illinois VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Rome, Ga., October 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular dated headquarters THIRD Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps, October 10, 1864, I would very respectfully submit the following report: Owing to an accident on the railroad on the morning of the 5th instant the regiment

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Savannah campaign, see Vol. XLIV, Part I.

---------------

