
did not arrive in Allatoona until after the battle. Companies a and B were there, and were occupied during the night of the 4th instant in unloading ammunition from the railroad train and carrying it into the fort. At daylight both companies were sent out as skirmishers under command of Captain Van Steenburg, Company B. They remained on the line until driven into the fort, where they fought during the remaining part of the engagement.

Casualties. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERIC FORSSE,

Major FIFTY-seventh Regiment Illinois Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant NELSON FLANSBURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 101. Report of Major Joseph M. Griffiths, Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH IOWA INFANTRY,Rome, Ga., October 10, 1864.

GENERAL: I write to inform you of the loss the country and our regiment have sustained in the death of Lieutenant Colonel James Redfield; First Lieutenant Oliver C. Ayers, Company A; First Lieutenant Andrew T. Blodgett, Company B; First Lieutenant Newton P. Wright, Company E, and Second Lieutenant John P. Jones, Company A. These fell in battle at Allatoona, Ga., on the 5th instant. Eight companies of the regiment were in the engagement, a total of 284 men. There was left 119, making a loss of 165 men or nearly three-fifths of the regiment. The entire force on our side was 1,800, that of the enemy 7,000. Our forces were commanded by Brigadier General J. M. Corse. They arrived at 10 p. m. (we) were re-enforcements. In this we were deceived. They attacked in the morning at 7 a. m. General Corse had time only to hastily dispose of his little force when they came up with massed columns. The Thirty-ninth Iowa was placed at the forks of a road 300 yards from, where the heaviest column of the enemy charged. It was important to hold this position and check the enemy. This they did twice, although terribly cut to pieces. The THIRD time the enemy was in such force as to be irresistible, and the remainder of our regiment fell back contesting every foot of ground to the fort. General Corse and the veteran troops who witnessed the heroism and determination of the Thirty-ninth on that day say they have never before seen such fighting. They pronounced it Chickasaw Bayou continued for five hours. It was during this time that the above- named officers, except Lieutenant Blodgett, were killed. He was one of the four officers who succeeded in reaching the fort, and was shot while carrying a message from General Corse to Colonel Rowett. There were ten of our officers in the engagement; 5 were killed and 2 wounded and captured, leaving but three with the command. It gives me great pleasure to testify to the heroism, valor, and gallantry of these officers. I have seen them before when in discharge of their duties and under fire, and can say of them that in every emergency they displayed coolness and determined courage. As officers they had the respect and confidence of the command. As men

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing.

---------------

50 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

