
they had won, by their geniality of disposition and uniform courtesy of manner, the kindest regards and affections of their officers and men, so that we can feelingly exclaim, "Their places! who can fill them?"

I will send you a list of the casualties as soon as they are officially returned, with a report of the general commanding, if possible to obtain a copy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. GRIFFITHS,

Major Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry.

General N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

Numbers 102. HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH IOWA INFANTRY,

Kingston, Ga., October 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry in the engagement at Allatoona, Ga., on the 5th day of October, 1864, the march pursuant thereto, together with a tabular list of the casualties sustained:

The regiment, consisting of eight companies, numbering 280 men, and commanded by Lieutenant Colonel James Redfield, left Rome, Ga., at 8 p. m., October 4, 1864, and proceeded by rail to Allatoona, Ga., a distance of thirty-five miles, arriving at 1 a. m., October 5. At daybreak were thrown into line 200 yards WEST of depot, but were immediately after ordered into position 300 yards farther WEST and 400 yards WEST of main fortification on Cartersville road; here a disposition was made of the forces, as it seemed certain that the main attack would come from this direction. Companies B and C, of the Thirty-ninth Iowa, were thrown forward as skirmishers on the left of the line, and Companies A, F, and I were sent forward 300 yards to the right and front of the main line to hold the crest of a hill and discover any movements which the enemy might contemplate on our right flank, while Companies E, G, and K were in the center holding hastily constructed rifle-pits, with orders to maintain their position at all hazards. This was the disposition of the companies of the regiment at the time that General Corse sent to the rebel General French his refusal to surrender the town and his command. The engagement opened at 9 a. m. between our skirmishers and those of the enemy. The latter immediately threw forward heavy bodies of infantry, but were held in check for some time by our advanced companies, and it was in the attempt of the enemy to drive back our right that Lieutenant O. D. Russell, Company C, received a painful wound in the breast while firmly maintaining his position. After an obstinate resistance of an hour these companies were compelled to retire, which they did, stubbornly contesting every inch of ground and punishing the enemy terribly at every step of his advance. At this juncture of affairs the brave and gallant Lieutenant Colonel James Redfield fell pierced through the heart by a musket-ball while enthusiastically encouraging his command to stand firm and hurl back death and defiance at the enemies of our country. Almost simultaneously the brave and courteous Lieutenant O. C. Ayers received the fatal shot while nobly discharging his duty. The advanced companies having retired to the crest of a hill in rear of the rifle-pits continued to pour a murderous

