
and destructive fire into the ranks of the enemy with telling effect, causing him to stagger and waver. At length, however, the enemy threw a heavy force round our right flank, and pouring a deadly enfilading fire rendered our position, upon the crest of a hill, entirely untenable and compelled our forces to retire within the main works, 400 yards in rear of our advance line, leaving only the three companies in the rifle-pits to contest the advance of the enemy, and these companies having received orders to hold the works at all hazards, did not feel warranted in quitting them without orders, and the enemy, emboldened by our weakness, massed a heavy column on the Cartersville road, leading to the fort, and charging us on the double-quick passed the works, and turning upon our men in the rifle-pits, killed, wounded, or made prisoner every man remaining but nine. It was in this charge that the colors of the regiment were captured, but not until the entire guard were killed or wounded, these brave boys suffering themselves to be bayoneted rather than surrender the colors which had been placed in their hands, and the companies which had them in charge were captured, killed, or wounded. Finding that by remaining longer I would subject myself and the handful of men with me to needless capture without being able to effect any results, I fell back to the fort. Here the men of the command fought with the same determination and enthusiasm that had characterized their conduct on the open field. Here that brave, gallant, and lamented young officer, Lieutenant A. T. Blodgett, fell, inspiring the men by his gallant and noble conduct, of which he was the very embodiment. The fighting continued desperate and bloody, the spirits of the men rising as the fight progressed, until 3 p. m. we had the satisfaction of seeing the rebel host leaving in utter rout and the hard fought field was ours.

I cannot close this report without giving expression to the heartfelt grief which pervades all breasts for the loss of our valiant dead, yet we have the consolation of knowing that they all fell nobly battling in defense of the country, and so long as brave and gallant conduct continues to excite emotions in the breast of man the names of Lieutenant-Colonel Redfield, Lieutenant Blodgett, Lieutenant Ayers, Lieutenant Wright, Lieutenant Jones, and the noble dead who fell under them, will ever be remembered. To the wounded we would say your wounds are sacred, received in a holy cause; to you we extend a soldier's sympathy and assure you that you shall never be neglected or forgotten; and to the living who passed through that terrible ordeal unharmed I would say your deeds will live after you, and your names will be remembered in history; and although, where all did so well, to particularize would seem invidious, I cannot refrain from making mention of the conduct of Lieutenant W. C. Ghost, acting adjutant of the regiment, who continued to ride the entire length of the line under a murderous fire, encouraging the men by his words and inspiring them by his noble daring; also the entire color guard, and especially the color-sergeant, Charles Armstrong, who so gallantly defended his flag.

Subjoined is a list of the casualties of the regiment in the engagement: Commissioned officers-Killed,5; wounded, 1; missing, 2; total, 8. Enlisted men-Killed, 28; wounded, 61; missing, 68; total, 157. Aggregate, 165.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES A. CAMERON,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant N. FLANSBURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

