
Potts' column with artillery and opposed his farther advance with mounted and dismounted skirmishers, about 500 strong. A few shots from our artillery silenced that of the enemy, and the skirmishers of Colonel Potts drove the enemy rapidly and easily into and through the town of Fairburn, capturing a few prisoners. From prisoners and citizens it was ascertained that the force opposing me was Iverson's DIVISION of Wheeler's corps, and that a large force of cavalry with artillery was outside the town awaiting our approach. They also reported a considerable force of infantry between Palmetto and Fairburn, a distance of four or five miles, and that Hood with two corps of his army had crossed the Chattahoochee River two days before. Having accomplished the object of the expedition, I withdrew my command after holding the town about one hour. The enemy followed me closely with a strong line of infantry skirmishers, between whom and my rear guard there was constant skirmishing for about four miles, when the enemy halted. At 2 p. m. I received your dispatch of 11. 30 a. m., when my command was about six miles this side of Fairburn. My return was conducted in the most leisurely manner, my rear being well covered by Captain Tribble with his detachment of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry. In this connection I desire to call the attention of the major- general commanding to the gallantry and good conduct of Captain Tribble and his command, who covered my front when advancing, and when I retired held a superior force of the enemy in check, allowing my infantry to move off unmolested. I bivouacked on the night of the 2nd near Trimble's Mill, and moved slowly into my old camp this morning.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 104. Abstract from Journal of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-THIRD Army Corps (temporarily) and THIRD DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps.

Thursday, September 29. -Lieutenant Coughlan, my aide-de-camp, returned to-day from Charleston, S. C., where he was sent by the rebels soon after his capture on 20th of August. Captain Perkins, of General Stoneman's staff, also came up in the party of exchanged officers, and General Stoneman is expected to-morrow. Love's brigade, THIRD DIVISION (Reilly's), makes reconnaissance to Stone Mountain.

Friday, September 30. -Reconnaissance by one brigade, Second DIVISION (Bond's), to Stone Mountain for forage, &amp;c. Reports that the enemy are swinging round our right toward the Alabama line.

Saturday, October 1 Leaves of absence and furlough revoked in expectation of resuming active operations. Rebels are very active cutting our communications with the Ohio River; mails, &c., getting very irregular. Reconnaissance by Henderson's brigade, THIRD DIVISION, to Stone Mountain. Reported that two corps have crossed Chattahoochee, of Hood's army, and we ordered to be ready for movement. Telegraph the news to General Schofield.

Sunday, October 2. -The whole of Second DIVISION (General Cooper commanding in absence of Hascall) sent on reconnaissance to Flat Rock, fifteen miles. Find no enemy except few cavalry scouts. Coun-

