
Sunday, October 9. -At Allatoona. The rest of the army approaching us. General Sherman moves up his headquarters and places them beside ours. The enemy seem to be threatening Rome, but their movements are as yet uncertain-many citizens saying they are hastening to Jacksonville and Blue Mountain, others that they are going for our railroad north of Rome. The cavalry are developing their movement while we wait to-day.

Monday, October 10. -Move under orders at 8 a. m. for Cartersville, and on reaching that place received further orders to push on to Cassville, where we encamp at night, occupying the old rebel works. Reports are that the rebels are crossing the Coosa, near Rome, but nothing is certain yet except that their heavy columns have moved north from Cedartown.

Tuesday, October 11. -Moved under orders at 6 a. m. for Kingston and

Rome. At Kingston we are overtaken by General Sherman, who directs us to go into camp near Connesene Creek, the reports from Rome throwing doubt upon the supposed purpose of the rebels to attack there. No attack is yet made, and they do not appear strong in that immediate vicinity. We encamp at the Wooley place, which was once evidently the home of a wealthy planter. Vote for State officers in Ohio; polls held in ambulance.

Wednesday, October 12. -Move at 6 a. m. to Rome, definite reports from there showing the enemy in force north of the Coosa and apparently making for Summerville. Reach Rome soon after noon and go into bivouac on outskirts of the town. Rebel cavalry skirmishing about, but no heavy force of infantry near town. Reports still are that they have gone north, but I am slow to believe they have gone into the pocket made by those narrow valleys between us and the Tennessee. Beauregard is in command of rebels. We find Rome one of the pleasantest towns we have seen in the South.

Thursday, October 13. -Move on Alabama road on north side of Coosa River, to Coosaville, on reconnaissance to determine whether the pontoon bridge by which rebels crossed still remains. General Garrard, with cavalry DIVISION, ordered to report to me. Find rebel cavalry on road, about three miles out; attack them and capture two cannon and about 100 prisoners. Our loss very slight. Move on until we reach the place of the bridge and find it was taken up and carried with the rebels up toward Resaca, which place they appeared before last night.

Return to Rome by dark, making near twenty miles for the infantry.

Friday, October 14. -Move at 6 a. m. for Resaca, Reilly's DIVISION in advance. Armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee ahead of us and the roads filled with trains. Make only ten miles and encamp for the night. Hood demanded surrender of Resaca, but did not assault, passing on to Dalton, destroying the railroad thoroughly for fifteen miles. They are reported to hold Snake Creek Gap. Parts of the other armies reach Resaca before night.

Saturday, October 15. -March at 6 a. m. Endeavor to pass trains, but are still much delayed by them. Reach Resaca with head of column at 2 p. m. The rear comes up but slowly, Cooper's DIVISION in advance. He encamps two miles out on the road to the gap, Reilly on Camp Creek. The Army of the Tennessee drives rear guard of rebels out of the gap after a slight skirmish. Arm of the Cumberland reaches Dalton and thence to Buzzard Roost, Hood apparently going toward Stevenson. Prisoners say they are out of provisions, having failed in their expectation of capturing stores.

