
Sunday, October 16. -March at 6 a. m. through Snake Creek Gap; Reilly in advance. Find work to do in clearing out the obstructions of fallen timber, &amp;c. Reach Villanow at 5 p. m. Army of the Tennessee are at Ship's Gap, and Army of the Cumberland between here and there. Camp at the cross-roads, Reilly's DIVISION being south. Learn that one corps of the rebel army passed down by the south road toward Summerville by way of Gover's Gap. This is the place we passed through on the 13th of May.

Monday, October 17. -Remain in camp whilst the cavalry endeavor to discover the road taken by the enemy. It is found that they turned south from La Fayette, and all have gone to Summerville. Their threats of going to Bridgeport and so into Tennessee have thus failed, though they still pretend they are going by way of Guntersville. Learn that General Schofield is at Chattanooga, coming down with the troops recently sent there in detachments.

Tuesday, October 18. -March at 5. 30 a. m. south, through Subligna to Gover's Gap (also called Mattox's), driving vedettes of rebel cavalry most of the way. Make twenty-two miles and encamp; Cooper's DIVISION, which had the advance, on the WEST side of the gap, and Reilly's on the east. Garrard's cavalry come up as we arrive, and I open communication with the rest of the army, which moved south from La Fayette toward Summerville. At noon, from Subligna, I sent Major Wells, with a regiment, over the mountain to communicate. He had a long, rough march.

Wednesday, October 19. -March at 6 a. m., Garrard cavalry in advance, to and through Summerville and on to Melville Post Office on the Chattooga River, Taylor's Ridge, which we passed yesterday, being on our left. The Army of the Tennessee moved down to Alpine, and the cavalry covered the front of both columns. Encamp on farm of Doctor Kincaid, a wealthy rebel, one mile south of Melville. Army of the Cumberland remains at Summerville; Reilly's DIVISION in advance.

Thursday, October 20. -March at 6 a. m., Cooper's DIVISION in advance, and General Garrard with his cavalry in our front, skirmishing with Wheeler's rebel cavalry. Reach Gaylesville at noon, and go into camp one mile beyond the town. Armies of the Tennessee and Cumberland also advance, and the whole force is concentrated about the town. The cavalry make Little River and report that the enemy seem to have turned south from Blue Pond toward Gadsden. This is my first entrance into the State of Alabama.

Friday, October 21. -Remain in camp near Gaylesville. Army of the Tennessee moves out toward Blue Pond about five miles. I send one brigade of Cooper's DIVISION to Cedar Bluff, on Coosa River, and set the engineer battalion at work building bridge over the Chattooga, Rode out to Cedar Bluff, on Coosa River, and set the engineer battalion at work building bridge over the Chattooga. Rode out to Cedar Bluff in the p. m. to direct as to the position of the brigade. Find it a place of 200 or 300 inhabitants. Rather a pleasant village.

Saturday, October 22. -Major-General Schofield returns and assumes command of the corps and I return to my DIVISION. General Sherman made some very complimentary remarks as to the handling of the corps during the month past, and said it had been done to his complete satisfaction. Rearrange my headquarters and most of my old staff having returned I find myself very much at home at DIVISION headquarters.

Sunday, October 23. -Quiet in camp. Ride out and make call on Brigadier General M. D. Leggett, my old law partner, now commanding Seventeenth Corps temporarily in absence of General Blair. The weather

