
since the 7th been uninterruptedly pleasant; a most beautiful season for campaigning. Mail communication once more opened with home.

Monday, October 24. -Quiet in camp. Ride out on Alpine road, hoping to find Colonel Opdycke, but learn that his brigade is too far off to visit. Call on General Wood and General Davis; General Leggett accompanied me. Reports that the rebels are still threatening to move into Tennessee; these are camp rumors, but I have as yet no definite information from headquarters.

Tuesday, October 25. -Move to Cedar Bluff on Coosa River, and go into camp on right of Second DIVISION. Casement, Reilly, and Henderson in order from left to right. The village is larger than Gaylesville, though still quite small and insignificant, except in its situation, which is pleasant. The camp is well placed, having abundance of water and good drainage. Nothing further heard from the rebels or their whereabouts.

Wednesday, October 26. -Make a reconnaissance with my DIVISION to Center, on south side of Coosa, seven miles distant by direct road, but probably twenty by river. Our march resisted by small cavalry parties only, who retreat toward Jacksonville. No considerable force of the enemy has been in Center lately, according to accounts of the citizens. Their trains were here when we made our reconnaissance from Rome to Coosaville, on the 13th, and were badly stampeded. * * *

Thursday, October 27. * * * Rained all night and lowering this morning, though it promises to clear. * * * Indications are that Hood has continued on toward the Tennessee River. Sherman says he will let him go and move his force down into Georgia, excepting a small part to make head against him.

Friday, October 28. -Orders to move received at noon. We move south of the Coosa to Rome, via Cape Spring. The rest of the army also concentrating there, with a view to immediately carrying out General Sherman's plan. Hood is reported at Decatur. It is said our corps will go north, joining the Fourth Corps, which left some days ago. We move out on Jacksonville road five miles, thence off on the river road to Rome one mile and a half, where we are forced to stop and bridge a stream and corduroy a swamp.

Saturday, October 29. - We find the river road impassable and move at daylight back to the Jacksonville road, thence two miles and a half farther to the road from Center to Cave Spring, and on that road to the latter place; make twenty-two miles' march to-day. Cave Spring is one of the most charmingly situated places I have seen in Georgia. The spring comes out under a mountain, making quite a large stream, while some sixty feet up the hill-side is the entrance to a considerable cave, out of the bottom of which the spring runs. The village is a pleasant one, with several public buildings, including a deaf and dumb asylum.

Sunday, October 30. -March at daylight from Cave Spring and reach Rome at 2 p. m. Move the DIVISION out on Calhoun road two miles and a half and encamp. Call on General Sherman at Rome, to bid him good-bye. * * * General J. C. Davis, Schofield, Corse, and Barry present. We go to Tennessee; Sherman takes four corps south into the heart of Georgia.

Monday, October 31. -March at 7 a. m. for Calhoun. Camp near that place at 4 p. m., making twenty miles. A considerable number of officers who have been detained at Chattanooga join us at Rome. A new band for Casement's brigade also comes up. Lieutenant treaty rejoins the staff also.

