
husband is a lieutenant in the rebel army. The turnpike to Columbia runs by the house. Fine open farming country all about; a richer region than we have before seen in the South. Weather clear with cold breeze.

Friday, November 11. -In camp at Thompson's. Ride out toward Spring Hill in company with Colonels Casement and Strickland and staff. Fine, bracing air, clear, and sharp. Heavy frost last night. Some uncertainty as to Hood's movements, but his main army does not appear to have crossed the Tennessee nor to have gone farther down than Florence. Forrest's cavalry made the attack upon Johnsonville and then returned.

Saturday, November 12. -In camp at Thompson's.

Sunday, November 13. -March to Columbia, fifteen miles. Duck River too high to ford and no ferry sufficient to cross teams. Put command in camp on north side of river and wait for pontoon bridge to be laid. The town is a very neat and pretty one, of about 1,000 people, on the south side of the river; has several college buildings, &amp;c., but has been a good deal injured by the armies; was the residence of President Polk before his election. Camp in fine open wood, on ridgy bank of the river. Pontoons laid by 10 p. m.

Numbers 105. Report of Brigadier General Joseph A. Cooper, U. S. Army, commanding Second DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Decatur, Ga., October 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the detachment of cavalry that reported to me yesterday:

The officer in command reported to me at 1 p. m. I ordered him to advance one mile in front of the infantry pickets that were already posted one mile below Flat Rock. The officer reported that four rebel cavalry were all they saw. When the DIVISION was withdrawn from Flat Rock the cavalry was ordered to bring up the rear. When they arrived at a church about seven miles from here, where the McDonough road crosses the Flat Rock road, they stopped to feed, and while they were feeding a force of about 200 rebel cavalry attacked them, and they lost 10 men and horses. The officer in command did not know how many were killed and wounded, as they immediately fell back to the rear of the infantry. The officer in command of the detachment did not report to me until 12 m. this day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH A. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

Captain THEODORE COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 106. Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Military DIVISION of the West.

JACKSONVILLE, ALA., October 12, 1864.

I arrived at Newnan, Ga., on the 7th instant, where (having ascertained that General Hood's headquarters were at Cedartown, and that

