
tween Chattanooga and Atlanta. The object of such an address will be to arouse the people of that State and distract the enemy as to our intent and aims.

My headquarters for the reception and appropriate distribution of papers has been transferred to Oxford, Ala., near Blue Mountain, from which point a line of couriers will connect with the army. Our movements after crossing the Tennessee will be determined by those of the enemy.

I trust, general, that we will shortly be able to communicate to you and the country such tidings as will redoubt to the honor of our arms and the success of our cause.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,In the Field, Gadsden, Ala., October 23, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Beauregard desires that you will have prepared for the signature of Major-General Cheatham an address to the citizens of Tennessee, stating substantially as follows:

That Cheatham's veteran corps, in connection with the gallant corps of the chivalrous Forrest, has entered the soil of Tennessee to enable her sons to redeem themselves from the yoke of a vile oppressor, who has violated the integrity of her independence by a cruel and lawless invasion of her territory; that he earnestly invokes their co-operations in the glorious work of her redemption; that he calls upon them to give him and his brave troops all their aid in destroying effectually the lines of the enemy's communications and breaking up his sources of supplies while the main body of the Army of Tennessee is engaged in the similar work of destruction from Atlanta to Chattanooga.

The general desires that this address be printed at Huntsville or elsewhere, if possible, and be freely distributed within the enemy's lines. If it cannot be printed, let as many copies as practicable be manuscripted and posted at all prominent points. The above is designed as merely indicating the character of the address, leaving all other matters to your judgment. It cannot be printed at Jacksonville, as first proposed. Governor Harris has not arrived at these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,Tuscumbia, Ala., November 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for the information of the War Office copy of communication addressed to General J. B. Hood on the 30th ultimo, asking a summary of the operations of his army from Jonesborough, Ga., to that date, and for a statement of his plan of future operations, for the authorities at Richmond, accompanied by his reply on the 3rd instant, inclosing copies of his telegrams to the Govern-

