
ment during the period referred to. A renewed my request on the 4th instant for his plan, and on the same day received a reply stating that it was not possible for him to furnish any plan of future operations, as so much must depend on the movements of the enemy, the matter having been fully discussed between General Beauregard and himself. I forward copies of these letters and their several inclosures.

The plan referred to, which was discussed and approved on the 3rd instant, subject to such modifications as the movements of the enemy might determine, was to remove as soon as possible from Florence into Middle Tennessee toward Lawrenceburg, thence to Pulaski or Columbia, as circumstances might indicate. General Forrest, with his command, was ordered to form a junction with the Army of Tennessee in the direction of Lawrenceburg or Waynesborough, first, however, making a demonstration toward Columbia to distract the enemy, then reported to be advancing toward Pulaski and Rogersville from Nashville and Chattanooga. Brigadier-General Jackson, with two brigades of his cavalry and one of Wheeler's, was to cover and support the right flank of the army, while Brigadier-General Roddey, with his command, was to cover the line of communication from Tuscumbia to Corinth, and thence toward Meridian. Major-General Wheeler, with his command, was to guard the country from Jackson's right to Atlanta.

The portable pontoon bridge which has been thrown across the Tennessee at Florence will move with the army, and will be replaced as soon as practicable by a permanent pontoon bridge at the most suitable point for that object. Proper defensive works are now being constructed at Florence by Lee's corps for the protection of the bridge and to secure the recrossing of the army in the event of disaster. Various points along the river from Florence down are being examined for the purpose of selecting proper sites for batteries, strengthened by torpedoes in the river, to prevent the passage of the enemy's gun boats and transports. Points below Eastport, where the army may recross in case of necessity, have been ordered to be examined and chosen, the roads to be repaired, and the necessary defensive works constructed. The attention of Major-General Smith, chief engineer, has been specially directed to Savannah, Clifton, and Decatur, Tenn., as points well suited for the purposes indicated.

In the mean time minute and careful investigations have been made as to the condition of the roads in Middle Tennessee, and also of those districts best able to furnish supplies of provisions and forage for the army. It is now contemplated that the army will cross the river and take up its line of march on the 9th, with fifteen days' rations. Lee's corps is now on the north side of the river in front of Florence, two DIVISIONS being encamped on Shoal Creek, six or seven miles from that town.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]EADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,

Tuscumbia, October 30, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD, Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Beauregard desires that you will forward him for the information of the War Department a brief summary of the

