
operations of your army from the date of its departure from Jonesborough, Ga., to the present time; also a concise statement of your plans of future operations, intended for the same office.

I am, general, very respectfully,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tuscumbia, November 3, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The army will commence the movement into Tennessee on Saturday morning next. I respectfully suggest that Major-General Forrest be informed of the time and certainty of the movement. I had the honor to received a few days since your letter asking for a report of the operations of the army since leaving the WEST Point and Atlanta Railroad, and regret that my time has been so much occupied and the condition of my health has been such that I have been unable to prepare it. I will, however, send you copies of all my telegrams sent to the Government during the period referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3. HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST,

Tuscumbia, November 4, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: General Beauregard directed me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant with the copies of your telegrams to the Government. He, however, expresses the hope that you will soon be able to comply with the request contained in his communication of the 30th ultimo. A summary statement from your corps commanders would answer the purpose. A brief report of your plan of operations from this point [for] the information of the Government he deems important, and requested that you will forward the same as early as practicable. I have the honor to inclose copy of dispatch sent on yesterday to Major-General Forrest. He has also been advised to-day of your movement and ordered to report to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., November 3, 1864-2 p. m.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Johnsonville, Tenn.:

I congratulate you on your brilliant success. We hold Florence as a base, to operate in three or four days toward Lawrenceburg or Waynesborough. Meet us soon as possible in direction of either place, making first a demonstration toward Columbia, if practicable, to distract enemy, now supposed moving from Nashville and Chattanooga. Send up river to Florence, if possible, any surplus captured supplies.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

