
by wagon from Newnan, Gal., crossed at Moore's Ferry, where we had constructed a temporary trestle bridge. As soon as we crossed the river the army moved at once to the immediate vicinity of Lost Mountain, reaching there on the 3rd of October, our cavalry during the march watching the enemy on our front and right flank, and occasionally skirmishing with his cavalry along the banks of South Water [Sweet Water?] Creek.

On the 4th of October Lieutenant-General Stewart's corps, in obedience to my orders, struck the enemy's railroad at Acworth and big Shanty, captured the garrisons at both places, consisting of some 400 prisoners, with some animals and stores.

Hearing that the enemy had a quantity of stores at Allatoona, I determined, if possible, to destroy the bridge over the Etowah River, and directed Lieutenant-General Stewart to send a DIVISION also to allatoona, instructing the officer in command to destroy the railroad there and take possession of the place, if, in his judgment, when he reached there, he deemed it practicable. Accordingly, Major-General French was sent, who attacked the place early on the morning of the 6th [5th] of October and quickly carried the enemy's outer line of works, driving him into a redoubt, ad with that exception carried the place. Just at this critical juncture he (General French) received information which he considered correct, but which subsequently proved false, that a large body of the enemy were moving to cut him off from the remainder of the army, and he immediately withdrew his command from the place without having accomplished the desired object.

Lieutenant-General Stewart's command succeeded in destroying completely some ten miles of the railroad. These operations caused the enemy to move his army, except one corps, from Atlanta to Marietta, threatening an advance in the direction of our position at Lost Mountain, but not deeming our army in condition for a general engagement I withdrew it on the 6th of October to the westward, continuing to march daily, and crossed the Coosa River near Coosaville, and moved up the WEST bank of Oostenaula, and striking the railroad again between Resaca and Mill Creek Gap, just above Dalton, on the 13th of October, destroying the railroad from Resaca to Tunnell Hill, capturing the enemy's posts at Tilton, Dalton, and Mill Creek Gap, with about 1,000 prisoners and some stores. I again withdrew the army from the railroad, moving from the [re] southwest toward Gadsden, Ala., the enemy following and skirmishing constantly with our cavalry, then under the command of Major-General Wheeler, who had joined the army on the march just before it crossed the Coosa River.

The army reached Gadsden, Ala., on the 20th of October, at which point General G. T. Beauregard, commanding Military DIVISION of the West, joined us. It had been my hope that my movements would have caused the enemy to divide his forces, and that I might gain an opportunity to strike him in detail. This, however, he did not do. He held his entire force together in his pursuit, with the exception of the corps which he had left to garrison Atlanta. The morale of the army had already improved, but upon consultation with my corps commanders it was not through to be yet in condition to hazard a general engagement while the enemy remained intact. I met at this place a thorough supply of shoes and other stores. I determined to cross the Tennessee River at or near Gunter's Landing and strike the enemy's communications again near Bridgeport, force him to cross the river also to obtain supplies, and thus we should at least recover our lost territory. Orders had ben sent by General Beauregard Forrest to move with his cavalry into Tennessee. Unfortunately, however, these orders did

