
not reach him in time. As I had not a sufficient cavalry force without his to protect my trains in Tennessee, I was compelled to delay the crossing and move farther down the river to meet him.

The arny arrived at Florence on the 31st of October. This unfortunate delay allowed the enemy time to repair the damage to his railroad, and to accumulate at Atlanta sufficient supplies to enable him to return the greater part of his army to that place and move with it through to the Atlantic coast. The remainder he threw across the Tennessee under Thomas. When our army arrived at Florence it had entirely recovered from the depression that frequent retreats had created. The enemy having for the first time divided his forces, I had to determine which of the two parts to direct my opforces about to move through Georgia under Sherman would be to again abandon the regained territory to the forces under Thomas, with little hope of being able to reach the enemy in time to defeat his movement, and also to cause desertion and greatly impair the morale or fighting spirit of the army by what would be considered compulsory retreat. I thought the alternative clear that I should move upon Thomas. If I succeeded in beating him the effect of Sherman's movement would not be great, and I should gain in men sufficiently to compensate for the damages he might inflict. If beaten I should leave the army in better condition that it would be if I attempted a retrograde movement against Sherman.

Upon all these questions I had a full and free conference with General Beaureagrd at Tuscumbia. General Beauregard left it optional with me either to divide the army, sending a part after Sherman and to push on with the remainder, or to move forward at once against Thomas with the entire force. The army I thought too small to divide. I so informed him, when he directed me by telegraph to push forward at once. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 108. Journal of Brigadier General Francis A. Shoup, C. S. Army, Chief of Staff.

Memoranda of daily movements and events in Army of Tennessee, kept by Brigadier General F. A. Shoup, assigned to duty as chief of staff by orders from General Hood, dated July 24, 1864:

No records were turned over by former chief of staff: therefore the records of the office embrace only the administration of General Shoup.

* * * *

September 8, 1864. -This morning at 6 o'clock a flag of truce, in charge of major Eustis, assistant-general, went out to tray and make preliminary arrangements for the exchange of prisoners captured by both armies during the present campaign. It will return to-morrow. Colonels Watkins, Palmer, and Jones were recommended by the general commanding to be made temporary brigadiers to fill vacancies in Stewart's corps. All quiet on the lines.

September 9. -The flag returned this morning at an early hour. Sherman has agreed to exchange all prisoners on hand, the exchange to be regulated by the stipulations of the old cartel. In a letter to the

---------------

*For continuation of report, relating to the Nashville campaign, see Vol. XLV, Part I.

---------------

