
general commanding, Sherman says he "deems it to be to the interest of the United States that all citizens ow residing in Atlanta should remove," giving them the choice of going north or south, as they may prefer. Those coming south will be sent by the Federal authorities to Rough and Ready, where they will be met by our authorities and sent to some point on the railroad. The general commanding, in his answer to Sherman's letter, says that "this unprecedented measure transcends in studied and ingenious cruelty all acts ever before brought to his attention in the dark history of war. " The flag went out again this morning to arrange for the transportation of these unfortunate exiles. A truce of ten days will probably commence on Monday for this purpose.

September 10. -A dispatch dated between Lawrenceburg, Tenn., and Athens, Ala., 6th, via Corinth, Miss., and Mobile, Ala., 9th, was received to-day from Major-General Wheeler, in which he states that he had destroyed the bridges and railroad of the Nashville Railroad and Tennessee and Alabama Railroad; altogether about FIFTY miles of both roads. He had been successful thus far in all engagements with the enemy, and had lost no prisoners in action. He estimates his loss at 100 killed and wounded. Lieutenant-General Taylor telegraphed from Mobile; reports that Randolph's scouts report seven boats heavily loaded with troops, and General Smith and staff on board, passed up the MISSISSIPPI River, said to be going to Nashville. Nothing of interest has transpired in this quarter in the last twenty-four hours.

September 11. -In consequence of Sherman's refusing to receive those of his men whose term of service had already expired, the negotiations have been suspended by the commanding general to await instructions from Richmond. Captain Hill arrived at noon from the enemy's rear. He reports his company of dragoons doing good service in that quarter. Scouts report that the enemy have sent, or are about to send, two corps to Virginia. General Bragg has been advised of this movement.

September 12. -To-day the removal of the citizens of Atlanta will commence. All the army wagons that can be spared have been sent to Rough and Ready to convey families to Lovejoy's, where they will take the cars that are there for that purpose.

September 13. -The refugees from Atlanta are beginning to arrive. An order was issued to-day from army headquarters, allowing those persons to return within the Federal lines who may have come out on business connected with the removal of their families.

September 14. -General Wheeler is still near tuscumbia with his command, making the necessary preparations for another aid in the enemy's rear. He will soon be on the war-path again. President Davis was advised to-day by the commanding general of the importance of paying this army immediately. *

September 15. -The commanding general has ordered all the white teamsters, except ordnance, to rejoin their commands, and negroes to be used in their stead. Orders were sent General Wheeler to-day to move in this direction, in accordance with previous instructions, tearing up the railroad between Chattanooga and Atlanta, and to join General Jackson on the north side of the Chattahoochee River. General Lewis was ordered to move with his command to Newnan, starting Sunday morning next.

September 16. -The enemy are keeping very quiet. Their pickets are only one mile from their lines. A lady, just in from marietta, reports that the Yankees have accumulated a large quantity of supplies at that

---------------

*General Shoup was relieved from duty as chief of staff September 14, but the "memoranda" were continued at Hood's headquarters.

---------------

