
point, and that they say they are going to abandon the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and go to Mobile. General M. L. Smith was requested to rejoin General Hood as soon as he had carried out his instructions at Macon and Augusta.

September 17. -Brigadier-General Lewis was instructed to be at Newnan with his command on Monday morning, and report to Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding DIVISION of cavalry. No scout reports to-day. All quiet.

September 18. -General Wheeler was instructed to join th left of this army without day, and take position on the north side of the Chattahoochee River. The army took up line of march this morning, leaving the Macon railroad and moving toward the WEST Point railroad.

September 19. -The advance of th army arrived on the WEST Point railroad this morning. Army headquarters at Palmetto. General Bragg advised of the present position of this army, and some suggestions made by the commanding general.

September 20. -The army is taking position on the line, the right east of the WEST Point railroad and the left resting on the Chattahoochee River. The telegraph wire and railroad iron between Lovejoy's and Griffin, on Macon railroad, and the iron above Newnan on WEST Point railroad, also on the Georgia railroad between Oconee River and Stone Mountain, have been ordered to be taken up at once and saved for future use.

September 21. -The army are now busy throwing up field-works. They are in excellent spirits, owing to the movement in this direction. Every effort is being made by the commanding general to supply the whole army with shoes, which they are very much in need of at present.

September 22. -The ten days' truce expired yesterday. Major Clare and escort have returned. They report a vast amount of suffering among the refugees, who have come south. A large number of them are still at different stations on the railroad, without any shelter or any one to provide for them.

September 23. -Our scouts report the enemy very quiet.

September 24. -Every effort is being made to supply the troops with shoes and clothing. Quiet prevails.

September 25. -President Davis, accompanied by two of his aides-de- camp, arrived at these headquarters about 3 p. m. Major-General Elzey was assigned to the command of the artillery of this army. He took command to-day.

September 26. -The President and General Hood, with their respective staffs, rode out to the front to-day, and were enthusiastically received by the troops. At 8 p. m. the President was serenaded by the Twentieth Louisiana band, and upon being called upon he delivered a short and spirited speech. The assemblage manifested by their loud and continued cheering that they would support him in the remarks he made. General Hood was called upon and delivered a short address to the point. Speeches were made by General Howell Cobb and Governor harris.

September 27. -The President and suite left at 6 p. m. for montgomery. General Forrest captured the garrison at Athens, Ala., on the 24th. Some 1,300 men and officers, 500 horses, 50 wagons and teams, and two trains of cars loaded with quartermaster and commissary stores.

September 28. -By order of President Davis, Lieutenant-General Hardee was relieved of duty in this army and department and assigned to the command of the Department of South Carolina and Florida. The army is under marching orders and will move to-morrow.

