
September 29. -Headquarters left Palmetto at 12 m., and camped at Pray's Church at night, several hours in advance of the army. Crossed the Chattahoochee River at 5 p. m.

September 30. -Army all crossed the Chattahoochee River. jackson's cavalry left Pray's Church at 7 a. m. Army headquarters moved at 1 p. m., and halted near Dark Corner, eight miles from Pray's Church.

October 1. -The army is in bivouac in front of this place (Dark Corner); Jackson's cavalry are at Powder Springs. He has detached a force and sent them to operate on Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad in the vicinity of Marietta. Firing has ben heard in that direction to-day. From information receive we learn that Kilpatrick's command is on this side of the river. Garrard's (Yankee) cavalry has gone up the Chattanooga railroad in the direction of Rome, Ga.

October 2. -The army moved from Dark Corner at 9 a. m. Headquarters arrived at Flint Hill Church at 5 p. m., and camped for the night.

October 3. -In accordance with orders from the commanding general, Stewart's corps took up line of march from Big Shanty at an early hour this morning. General Stewart was instructed to move with his whole corps against Big Shanty, and, if possible, to take possession of that place, and to detach a force to take possession of Acworth. Army headquarters moved from Flint Hill Church at 10 a. m., and went into camp at Carley's house, [within] four miles of Lost Mountain, at 3 p. m.

October 4. -After a slight resistance on the part of the enemy, General Stewart took possession of Big Shanty (capturing some 175 men) at 3. 30 p. m. yesterday. At 9. 30 a. m. the garrison at Acworth surrendered to Major-General Loring, numbering 250 officers and men. Major-General French was moving on Allatoona at 4 p. m. this evening, where the enemy have a large supply of provisions guarded by two or three regiments. Army headquarters are still at carley's house.

October 5. -Lieutenant-General Stewart returned with all of his crops (except French's DIVISION) this morning. He left French's DIVISION on the railroad, with instructions to take possession of Allatoona, if possible. That officer made an assault on that place at 10 a. m. this morning, capturing a portion of the works. Just at that juncture he was informed that he would be cut off by a large force of the enemy, then advancing, if he remained any longer at that place. He accordingly withdrew his troops, and is now on the way to join the army at this point. He reports his loss heavy; many valuable officers wounded. The army is under marching orders, and will move at an early hour to-morrow morning.

October 6. -We abandoned our position in front of Lost Mountain at an early hour this morning, and arrived at Dallas at 2 p. m., the line extending to New Hope Church. Army headquarters was established at the time being at Dallas at 1 p. m. Army is under marching orders to move in the morning. Enemy, 6,000 or 7,000 strong (infantry, artillery, and cavalry), reported advancing from direction of Lost Mountain.

October 7. -Left Dallas at 8 a. m. and arrived at Van Wert at 2 p. m. Army will move forward in the morning.

October 8. -The army left Van Wert at 8 a. m. and reached Cedartown, distant thirteen miles, at 2 p. m. The army will move in light marching order, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 12 m. Major-General Wheeler returned to-day with a portion of his command.

October 9. -Took up line of march at 12 m. and arrived at Cave Spring at 2 p. m.

