
October 30. -Headquarters moved from Courtland to tuscumbia. Lee's corps marched from Leighton to Tennessee River opposite Florence, crossed a portion of command and occupied town of Florence. Stewart's corps marched on Tuscumbia road near Leighton, Cheatham's corps following.

October 31. -Headquarters at Tuscumbia and Lee's corps in position on both sides of Tennessee River at Florence. Johnson's DIVISION in occupation of the town. Stewart's and Cheatham's corps camped in vicinity of Tuscumbia.

November 1. -Headquarters at Tuscumbia. Stewart's and Cheatham's corps occupied their respective camps of the night before. Clayton's DIVISION, of Lee's corps, crossed the Tennessee to-day. Stevenson's DIVISION not yet crossed.

November 2. -Headquarters Tuscumbia.

November 3. -Headquarters Tuscumbia.

November 4. -Headquarters Tuscumbia.

November 5. -Headquarters Tuscumbia.

November 6. -Headquarters Tuscumbia. General Lee was directed to move back from Shoal Creek to Florence, making Armstrong cover his front.

November 7. -Headquarters at Tuscumbia. Wheeler reports Thomas and Garrard's cavalry moving after this army.

November 8. -Headquarters Tuscumbia. General Cheatham was directed to move with his corps to Tennessee River, and, if possible, to cross this evening.

November 9. -Headquarters Tuscumbia. Army headquarters will move to Florence to-morrow. In consequence of heavy rain, General Cheatham's corps did not march yesterday, but will move to-morrow.

November 10. -There was a break in the pontoon bridge last evening, which will delay the operations of the army for a day or two. Army headquarters moved from Tuscumbia at 9 a. m. The pontoon boats at corinth are ordered up immediately.

November 11. -Army headquarters were established lat afternoon one mile south Tennessee River, near Florence.

November 12. -The repairs on the pontoon bridge were finished this evening and it is now in good condition. Scouts report the enemy evacuated Rome and destroyed all their supplies and the railroad from that place to Kingston.

November 13. -Army headquarters were established at Florence on the north side of Tennessee River at 10 a. m. Cheatham's corps, with artillery, wagon trains, &amp;c., crossed the river during the day and went into camp on Waynesborough road.

November 14. -Army headquarters at Florence. General Forrest arrived here this morning and was serenaded by the Tennesseeans in the evening, to which he responded in a very encouraging speech. General Hood also made some remarks. Stewart's corps has not yet crossed the river. The supply train and cattle have been crossing to-day.

Numbers 109. Itinerary of the Army of Tennessee. *

September 29, 1864. -Army of Tennessee left Palmetto and crossed the Chattahoochee River. Lee's and Stewart's corps at Pumpkin Town, and Cheatham's corps at Phillips' Ferry. That night the army bivouacked

---------------

*Kept by Colonel Edwin J. Harvie, assistant inspector-general, C. S. Army.

---------------

