
near Pray's Church, where General Hood's headquarters were. We found General Jackson's cavalry already there.

September 30. -Left Pray's Church and encamped near Dark Corner. remained there the next day.

October 2. -Came to Flint Hill.

October 3. -Encamped at Carley's, on Dallas and Marietta road. That evening Stewart struck railroad with his corps, THIRD DIVISION, and broke it up from near Harrison's Station to beyond Acworth, which latter place capitulated about 9. 30 o'clock on the 4th of October. French went on to Allatoona with his DIVISION; attacked place [October 5]; lost men and officers; not successful. Stewart captured bout 360 men on the expedition; was a success. We lay quiet about Lost Mountain on the 5th of October.

October 6. -Moved to Dallas. General Hood's headquarters here, Lee's at Dallas, Cheatham's at Parsons, Stewart's at New Hope Church. All well thus far.

October 9. -Moved from Cedartown to Cave Spring.

October 10. -Moved to Coosaville; left wagon trains here.

October 11. -Moved to Armuchee Post-Office and encamped for the night.

October 12. -Moved to Sugar Valley Post-Office. Cheatham encamped here, Stewart north of Resaca on the railroad, Lee about Resaca. A few heavy guns heard to-day.

October 13. -Moved to Dalton. Demanded the surrender of the place, which was refused, but afterward acceded to. Captured 2 negro regiments, numbering about 600 men, and three companies of white troops (about 200), some horses, and a number of quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. Tilton was surrendered to Lieutenant-General Stewart with about 300 men. A small block-house, garrisoned by some sixty men, at Mill Creek Gap refused to surrender, and fired upon the flag-of-truce officer; afterward it surrendered. Troops bivouacked on the railroad, tearing it up from Tunnel Hill to Resaca; also a portion of the Cleveland railroad.

October 14. -Moved to Villanow.

October 15. -Moved and encamped on the Summerville road nine miles from La Fayette.

October 16. -Did not move to-day.

October 17. -Encamped to-night on the Gaylesville and Alpine road two miles and a half from Alpine.

October 18. -Moved; encamped to-night six miles from Blue Pond.

October 19. -Encamped to-night on the Gadsden road.

October 20. -Encamped at Gadsden.

October 21. -Remained in camp.

October 22. -Left Gadsden at 2 o'clock, traveled about twelve miles, and encamped for the night.

October 23. -Moved to Brooksville, Ala.

October 24. -Moved to within nine miles of Somerville.

October 25. -Moved to Somerville.

October 26. -Moved to within one mile of Decatur.

October 27 and 28. -Did not move.

October 29. -Moved to Courtland.

October 30. -Moved to Tuscumbia.

October 31. -Still at Tuscumbia. Cheatham and Stewart here; Lee at Florence.

November 1 to 10. -Remained in camp; raining most all the time.

