
court will examine into the source and extent of the authority upon which said expedition was undertaken, the organization and strength of the command at starting, and the number brought back, distinguishing the number of those recruited and those who started with the command, as likewise in regard to the general conduct of the expedition and the events marking it; also, especially, whether the same was attended with undue license, and marked by robberies, depredations, or unwarrantable injuries to the people or corporations of that State; whether and to what extent such outrages were tolerated by or participated in by the officers of the command, and whether property or effects of any kind seized by military authority or undue license have been turned over or accounted for the proper officers, or have been appropriated or wasted. The court will report all the facts growing out of the investigation, together with their opinion on the merits of the case. Captain James T. Jones, Fourth Alabama Volunteers, is appointed the judge-advocate and recorder of the court.

Paragraph XXII, of special Orders, Numbers 205, current series, from this office, is hereby revoked.

By command of the Secretary of War:

ED. A. PALFREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[NOTE. -The record of court of inquiry cannot be found, but in the Record of Courts-Martial kept in Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office appears the following entry:]

Morgan's expedition into Kentucky. Court of Inquiry to investigate proceedings. Court was convened September 20. The opinion of the Court of Inquiry requires that the case of the officers therein should be brought before a court for trial. The military court of the department in which they are serving has jurisdiction of the alleged offenses, and charged will be preferred and laid before that court. The prisoners implicated will be placed in confinement to await trial.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

OCTOBER 19, 1864.

Sent to General Breckinridge, by order of General Cooper, October 26, 1864.

SALISBURY, N. C., March 20, 1865.

Captain CHARLES M. BLACKFORD, Judge-Advocate:

DEAR SIR: We were delayed by the Kentucky bank cases until about the last of February. The records were handed over to General Echols, including the record of the Court of Inquiry over which Major-General Ransom presided. I retained it as necessary in the prosecution of the cases to be tried. On inspection you would find singular discrepancies between it and those of our Court, and still more between the different records of our Court as among themselves. I incurred a good deal of ill-will in the trial of the cases, but am sure I did not transcend my duty. I did not receive any response to the application to transfer the cases until they were all disposed of by the Court. I hope Colonel Chilton's attention will be called to these records. We find no business ready for us here, and little prospect of any. General J. E. Johnston says we must await his orders at this place; that "the Court is for the Department of North Carolina. " He seems to think it a permanent transfer, though our orders said we should report temporarily. It would

6 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT I

