
enemy lost 2 flags, 1 U. S. flag, and the banner of the Ninety- THIRD Illinois, which we have with us; and his loss in men, including the 206 prisoners brought away, must have been equal to our own. This is a mere preliminary report. A more detailed one will be submitted as soon as practicable.

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant General A. P. STEWART,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS FRENCH'S DIVISION,Tuscumbia., Ala., November 5, 1864.

GENERAL: Some time since I had the honor to submit to you a brief preliminary report of the battle of Allatoona. As the reports of the brigade commanders are now in, I have the honor to forward one embracing some of the details of the battle:

About noon on the 4th of October, when at Big Shanty, the following order was handed my by Lieutenant-General Stewart, it being a copy of one to him:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,October 4, 1864-7. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant General A. P. STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: General Hood directs that later in the evening you move Stevenson back to Davis' Cross-Roads, and that you bring two of your DIVISIONS back to Adams' and between Adams' and Davis' Cross- Roads, placing them in such a way as to cover the position at Adams' now occupied by Stevenson, and that your THIRD DIVISION (say French's) shall move up the railroad and fill up the deep cut at Allatoona with logs, brush, rials, dirt, &c. To-morrow morning at daylight he desires Stevenson to be moved to Lieutenant-General Le's actual left, and that two of your DIVISIONS, at that time at Adams', to draw back, with your left in the neighborhood of Davis' Cross-Roads and your right in the neighborhood of Lost Mountain, and the DIVISION that will have gone to Allatoona to march thence to New Hope Church and on the position occupied by your other troops-that is, that the DIVISION shall rejoin your command by making this march out from the railroad and via New Hope. General Hood thinks that it is probable that the guard at the railroad bridge on Etowah is small, and when General French goes to Allatoona, if h can get such information as would justify him, if possible move to that bridge and destroy it. General Hood considers that its destruction would be a great advantage to the army and the country. Should he be able to destroy the bridge, in coming out he could move, as has been heretofore indicated, via New Hope.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Soon after an order, of which the following is a copy, was sent me:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, OFFICE OF CHIEF OF STAFF,October 4, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding:

GENERAL: General Hood directs me to say that it is of the greatest importance to destroy the Etowah railroad bridge if such a thing is possible. From the best information we have now he thinks the enemy cannot disturb us before to-morrow, and by that time your main body will be near the remainder of our army. He suggests that if it is considered practicable to destroy the bridge when the DIVISION goes there and the artillery is placed in position, the commanding officer call for volunteers to go to the bridge wight light wood and other combustible material that can be obtained and set fire to it.

Yours, respectfully,

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

