
Colonel Camp, commanding Fourteenth Texas, one of the best officers in the service, was seriously wounded. Also Majors McReynolds, Ninth Texas, and Purdy, Fourteenth Texas.

Of captains wounded were Wright, Lyles, Russell, Vannoy, and Ridley, and Lieutenants tunnell, Haynes, Gibbons, Agee, Morris, O'Brien, Irwin, Reeves, and Robertson.

In the Missouri were killed or mortally wounded Majs. W. F. Carter and O. A. Waddell; Capts. A. J. Byrne, A. C. Patton, and John S. Holland; Lieuts. Thomas R. Shelly, Joel F. Yancey, G. R. Elliott, R. J. Lamb, G. T. Duvall, and W. H. Dunnica, and Ensign H. W. De Jarnett-men who had behaved well and nobly during the whole campaign.

Among the wounded are Major R. J. Williams, Capts. Thompson Alvord, G. McChristian, G. W. Covell, and A. F. Burns; Lieuts. Joseph Boyce, Silas H. F. Hornback, J. L. Mitchell, A. H. Todd, and H. Y. Anderson, and Ensign William A. Byrd.

I have named the killed and wounded officers in this report. The names of the private soldiers who fell or were wounded will also be filed with this as soon as they are received.

It is due to the dead, it is just to the living, that they who have no hopes of being heralded by fame, and who have but little incentive except the love of country and the consciousness of a just cause to impel them to deeds of daring, and who have shed their blood for a just cause, should have this little tribute paid them by me.

For the noble dead the army mourns, a nation mourns. For the living, honor and respect will await them wherever they shall be known as faithful soldiers who have for their dearest rights so often gone through the fires of battle and the baptism of blood. It would perhaps be and invidious distinction to name individual officers or men for marked or special services or distinguished gallantry where all behaved so well, for each never yielded to the tread of nobler soldiers.

I am indebted to Generals Cockrell, Sears, and Young for their bravery, skill, and unflinching firmness.

To Colonel Earp, on whom the command of the gallant Texas devolved, and to Colonel Andrews, who commanded on the south side, and Major Myrick, commanding the artillery, I return my thanks for services.

Major D. W. Sanders, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Wiley Abercrombie, aide; Captain W. H. Cain, volunteer aide; Captain Porter and Lieutenant Mosby, engineers, were zealous in the performance of their duties, and E. T. Freeman, assistant inspector-general, was conspicuous for his gallant conduct. I commend the last named to Government for promotion.

Colonel E. Gates, First THIRD Missouri; Major E. H. Hampton, Twenty-ninth North Carolina, and Adjt. W. J. Sparks, Tenth Texas, and Lieutenant Cahal, of General Stewart's staff, are named for gallant services.

Lieutenant M. W. Armstrong, Tenth Texas, seized the United States standard from the Federals, and, after a struggle, brought it and the bearer of it off in triumph.

In the inclosed reports of brigade commanders will be found the names of many officers and soldiers that I know are entitled to commendation and all marks of distinction that the Government can award.

The cavalry officer who was sent to cut the railroad and failed to perform that duty is, in my opinion, much to blame. Had he taken up the rails-and there was nothing to prevent it-re-enforcements could not

