
be a matter of convenience in disposing of one's family to know whether we are to stay here or return to Department of East Tennessee. The Charleston court has been sent to Augusta. Cheatham's court was left there. I believe there is no court now with the Army of Tennessee. The surface of affairs great need of an overhauling of some sort in this region, but in the midst of so active a campaign I do not think much will be done. Can I get the General Orders for 1865, and have them sent to the Court hereafter? I have only one of the current series. Colonel Neill left his family at Abingdon. I brought mine to Lynchburg.

Yours respectfully,

MILTON P. JARNAGIN,

Judge-Advocate.

Charges and specifications against Private Humphrey Castleman, Company -, First Kentucky Cavalry.

CHARGE 1: Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification 1. -In this, that on or about the 10th of June, 1864, at or near Lexington, Ky., Private Humphrey Castleman, Company-, First Kentucky Cavalry, Provisional Army, C. S., with force and arms removed from and out of a bank, the name and stockholders of which are unknown, about $10,000 and applied the same to his own use, with intent to deprive the true owners thereof. This while the town was occupied and held by the forces of the Confederate States.

Specification 2. -In this, that on or about the 10th of June, 1864, at or near Lexington, Ky., after the capture of said town by the Confederate forces, the said Humphrey Castleman, private, Company-, First Kentucky Cavalry, was ordered by his superior officers to take possession of certain public funds in a bank in said town for the use of the Confederate States, whereupon he took from said bank about $10,000 in obedience to said orders, but, in violation of his duty and in fraud of the Confederate States, applied the same to his own use.

Specification 3. -In this, that on or about the 10th of June, 1864, at or near Lexington, Ky., the said Private Humphrey Castleman, Company-, First Kentucky Cavalry, captured about $10,000 from the enemy, and failing to account for the same to the Confederate States fraudulently applied the same to his own use.

Specification 4. -In this, that on or about the 10th of June, 1864, at or near Lexington, Ky., the said Private Humphrey Castleman, Company-, First Kentucky Cavalry, combined and confederated with one Captain E. P. Byrne and others to rob a bank in the town of Lexington, Ky., the name and stockholders of which are unknown, and did with said Byrne and others take from and out of said bank about $10,000 by force and arms, and applied the same to the use of himself, said Byrne, and others, with intent to deprive the true owners thereof. This immediately after the capture of said town and while Confederate forces were holding it and in the midst of active military operations.

Respectfully submitted.

MILTON P. JARNAGIN,

Judge-Advocate.

Witnesses: Captain Byrne, Byrne's battery; Lieutenant Robert Tyler, Company F, Second Kentucky Battalion; Private G. W. McCullough, Company F, Duke's Mounted Company (B), First Kentucky Battalion: Private Young, company unknown, and others.

