
as a unit through the timber, which was very thick. The enemy were meanwhile pouring a heavy fire into our ranks. My regiment had to advance through the forest farther than the other regiments of the brigade, and not being able to see the brigade got separated from and in advance of the brigade. Upon arriving to where the timber was all felled I saw my regiment was separated from the other regiments, and being exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy, and supposing the remainder of the brigade to be in advance, I ordered my regiment forward at a double-quick to within forty feet of the enemy's outer works, where I halted, ordered my men to lie down, rest, and load. After resting from three to five minutes, I ordered my regiment forward. The order was promptly obeyed. They moved into the enemy's works, where they had hand-to-hand encounter with sword, bayonet, butt of muskets, rocks, &amp;c., killing a good many and capturing 25 or 30 prisoners and the enemy's intrenchments; thence the regiment moved forward to within twenty yards of the foe's last and strong fort, where they remained contending with the enemy until withdrawn by order of Major-General French, when they fell back in good order.

I took 138 aggregate into the action and came out minus 12 killed, 39 wounded, and 3 missing.

All honor is due my regiment, both officers and men, for their promptness in obedience to orders and their gallantry on the field. And although every man did his duty, I must speak of the conduct of Sergt. John Rich, Lieutenant Alexander, and Sergt. w. J. Parker. Sergeant Rich was carrying the colors in front of the regiment crying "come ahead, boys!" when he was severely wounded and fell. The colors were scarcely to the ground before they were hoisted by Lieutenant E. B. Alexander, commanding Company C. He threw them to the breeze saying, "come on, my brave boys!" but he did not get more than fifteen paces until he was killed. Sergeant Parker, of Company F, took up the colors and again threw them to the breeze, and carried them to and planted them on the enemy's inner works. Here he was severely wounded in the face. He then took up the flag, captured a fine horse, and came out with flag, horse, and his first lieutenant, who was severely wounded in the leg.

Very respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

E. H. HAMPTON,

Major, Commanding Twenty-ninth North Carolina Regiment.

Lieutenant LINDSAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 114. Report of Colonel David Coleman, Thirty-ninth North Carolina Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH NORTH CAROLINA REGIMENT,Near Tuscumbia, Ala., November 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the order of yesterday I have the honor to report the participation of this regiment in the action of the 5th ultimo at Allatoona, Ga.:

The regiment, with the Thirty-second Texas Cavalry, dismounted, was in rear of the Pointe Coupee Battery south of Allatoona, in support of the artillery on that side. At 10 a. m., the assault having commenced, forty men, with their officers, under my command, were advanced as

