
skirmishers by order of Colonel Andrews, Thirty-second Texas Cavalry, commanding, through the woods on the right of the field in front, the remainder resting in their position under Lieutenant Colonel F. a. Reynolds. The skirmishers advanced rapidly, cheering and firing briskly, driving in the enemy's skirmishers to the railroad, some 150 yards from a range of tents (supposed hospitals) at the foot of Allatoona Hill, near their principal fort, on the extreme right and about 200 yards to the right of the railroad cut, dividing their works. On nearing this point a force of the enemy, seemingly about 200, who had been driven from the base of the hill by our advance, were observed on the side of the hill in our front in the act of halting, apparently confused and undecided what to do. These by a sharp fire from us were driven into the shelter of their works on the summit. From our position at the railroad, sheltered by it and the adjoining ground, a constant fire was maintained on the enemy, principally in and near the fort. During the action their fire [was] spirited but not heavy, and sharpshooting was continued until 2. 45 p. m., when by order of Colonel Andrews the party was withdrawn to the skirmish line occupied before the assault, and soon after from that to follow the march of the DIVISION.

Three horses (one equipped) and 1 mule were captured by us.

The casualties were Privates W. A. Dyson, Company E, wounded slightly in head, and Elisha L. Kimzey, Company G, slightly in left shoulder; both of the skirmish party.

The command behaved with commendable alacrity and gallantry. Their advance as skirmishers and fire throughout was admirably spirited, prompt, and effective.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. COLEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-ninth North Carolina Regiment.

Captain R. TODHUNTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Young's Brigade.

Numbers 115. Report of Major James H. McReynolds, Ninth Texas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH TEXAS INFANTRY,Near Tuscumbia, November 1, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by this regiment in battle of Allatoona:

On the morning of the 5th of October we, with the Fourteenth and Tenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted) and Twenty-ninth North Carolina Infantry (our regiment being on the right), were formed in line of battle in a hollow about 600 yards from the enemy's works. About 10 a. m. the command forward was given. We moved forward with the three regiments above named (the Missouri brigade being in our front, we acting as a support to it) about 300 yards, when we were halted and caused to lay down probably five minutes, the Missouri brigade pressing forward, taking the first line of works. We were then ordered forward again. The regiment moved forward in fine order, considering the great obstacles, such as fallen trees, brush, rough ground, &amp;c. At the first line of enemy's works men were addressed in a few brief words by our gallant brigadier- general (Young), telling us what was expected of us and directing us what part of the enemy's lines to charge. Up to

