
this time we had received no loss. We then rushed forward under a very destructive fire, every man striving for who would be first to mount the enemy's works. We captured some prisoners, killed quite a number of the enemy, having them to fight until we mounted their works. Crossed the second line and rushed forward to the THIRD, still under a deadly fire. Took the THIRD line, capturing a few prisoners and killing quite a number, the remainder making their escape to their main fort. We then took position, some in the ditches and some in advance of the ditches, wherever they could get protection, and sharpshot the batteries and men to the best advantage possible.

The fight continued from 10 a. m. until 1. 30 p. m., when we were ordered to withdraw in small squads, which order was obeyed. All this was done in conjunction with the three regiments above mentioned, and supported the Missouri brigade, whose conduct in the fight could not be surpassed. The conduct of the regiment was all that could be desired.

Lieutenant J. P. Bates, of Company G, was killed among the foremost, far in advance of the enemy's THIRD line, near their main fort. Sergt. C. E. Dale, Company B, who was among the first to mount the works, was shot dead.

Where all acted so well it would be doing injustice to make distinction.

We took 101 men in the fight, including officers and infirmary corps, and lost 43 killed and wounded and 2 missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. H. MCREYNOLDS,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel J. A. ANDREWS,

Commanding Young's Brigade.

Numbers 116. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Abram Harris, Fourteenth Texas Cavalry (dismounted).
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH TEXAS CAVALRY (DISMOUNTED),November 1, 1864.

SIR: My regiment was formed in line of battle at Allatoona, the Ninth Texas on our right and the Tenth Texas on our left, my regiment constituting the point of direction. We moved forward to within twenty steps of the first works of the enemy and formed again, having our lines broken by the brush and fallen timber which covered the ground. At this point we were ordered to charge the second line of breast-works of the enemy, who, having been driven from the first lien, were now holding the Missouri brigade in check from their second line of breast-works. We moved forward with a yell and carried the works in front of us in less than five minutes, driving the enemy out of their intrenchments with the butts of our guns sand rocks, as we did not have any bayonets, pursuing them to within twenty steps of their last and only work. After passing the second line of works some six or seven steps Colonel J. L. Camp fell wounded severely in the thigh. We then occupied some buildings about thirty-five of forty steps from the enemy, and commenced sharpshooting the enemy in the fort for over two hours, when we received orders to withdraw, which we did in good order.

