HEADQUARTERS,[October 5, 1864]-12. 30 p. m.

Our men are fighting bravely. Will get up a grand charge as soon as the men rest a little. We will take this work, if possible. Men are greatly fatigued. We are in enemy's works, but have not the fort yet. The yells of your men do us great good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. SEARS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FRENCH.

Numbers 118. Report of Major General Edward C. Walthall, C. S. Army, commanding DIVISION.
HDQRS. WALTHALL'S DIVISION, STEWART'S CORPS,Verona, Miss., January 14, 1865.

I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 18th of July, 1864, till the close of the campaign in Tennessee: *

The enemy disappeared on the 6th [September] and there was a season of rest for the troops till Sunday (18th), when we moved by Dixon's Bridge through Fayetteville to a point six miles beyond Palmetto, and here, on 20th, took up a line and intrenched between the Chattahoochee River and the railroad leading from Atlanta to WEST Point. On 29th we left this point, and, crossing the river at Pumpkin Town, moved toward Brownsville Post-Office, reaching there the following evening. We remained here till October 2, and that a day marched ten miles in the direction of Big Shanty, and the day after, leaving trains behind, we struck the Dalton and Atlanta Railroad at that point at 4 or 5 o'clock in the afternoon, following Loring's DIVISION. Here I was directed to employ my command in tearing up and destroying the track of the railroad until my troops met those of Major-General Loring, who were to [be] similarly engaged from Acworth down, and below until I met Major-General French's command, which was upon the railroad for the same purpose above Kenesaw Mountain. At Moon's Station an officer and 83 men, who were found in a stockade, were taken by Brigadier-General Reynolds, with a loss of 6 men. On the morning of the 4th, after destroying the track as effectually as could be done by burning the cross-ties and heating and bending all the iron rails for a distan ce of about four miles, I was directed to move to Adams' Cross- Roads, about five miles off, and encamp. The next morning we continued the march, and passing to the right of Lost Mountain took the road toward Van Wert by way of New Hope Church, and leaving Van Wert a little to the left passed through Cedartown on the morning of the 9th. On the 10th we crossed the Coosa River ten or twelve miles below Rome, and encamped that night near Coosaville, on the Rome road. The next day, taking the road leading through Texas Valley, we moved in the direction of Resaca. On the night of 12th, the advance DIVISION of the corps having reached the railroad, I was halted about three miles north of Resaca, and the next day moved up above Tilton, where I was engaged until a late hour in the night in tearing up and destroying

---------------

*For portion of report (here omitted), relating to the Atlanta campaign, see Vol. XXXVIII, Part III, P. 924.

---------------

