
Second. An expedition sent by Major-General Dana from Rodney Miss. (composed of colored cavalry and infantry), reached Fayette on the 2nd instant, capturing 600 head of fine cattle, a large number of horses and mules, and several prisoners. Another expedition sent by General Dana attacked the enemy at Woodville at 7 o'clock on Thursday morning, capturing 2 guns, 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, 54 enlisted men, and killed 40 of the enemy. No loss whatever on our side sustained in this engagement.

THIRD. A cavalry expedition, under Brigadier General A. L. Lee, reached Clinton on Thursday morning at 7 o'clock, capturing 47 prisoners, the rebel mails, telegraph office, &amp;c., and a considerable quantity of stores and ammunition. Amongst the prisoners captured are Lieutenant-Colonel Pinkney, provost-marshal- general of the district (installed in his office a few hours before the arrival of our troops), 1 captain, and 2 lieutenants. From there the expedition move to Greensburg, where a tannery and 2,000 sides of leather were destroyed; and thence to Osyka, where 4,000 pounds of bacon, 12 barrels of whisky, 100 dozen of boots and shoes, and large quantities of corn and meal were destroyed, and the telegraph operator and many important dispatches captured. Camp Moore, with a large amount of clothing and gray cloth, was likewise destroyed, and over 200 fine horses and mules captured. General Lee returned to Baton Rouge at noon yesterday, followed by a large number of negroes.

Fourth. Lieutenant I. N. Earl, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding a special permanent scouting party of twenty-five men, having learned of an intended attempt to cross a valuable rebel mail at Saint Joseph, on the western bank of the Mississippi, landed on Saturday morning last three miles above that place, proceed inland about ten miles, when he succeeded in capturing Major Springer, quartermaster and chief of the secret service of the rebel War Department, another major, late chief commissary of subsistence of the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department, 2 captains, and 2 privates. The officers were riding in an ambulance which contained a large a valuable mail and 14 battle-flag taken from our forces during the Red River campaign, and which were on their way to Richmond. Lieutenant Earl, upon learning that a large mounted escort was close at hand, pushed for the river with all dispatch, and reached here this morning safely with his captures. The boats found at Saint Joseph, and upon which this party were to have crossed, were all destroyed. General Asboth, I regret to learn, will probably lose an arm.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding District of Vicksburg.

NATCHEZ, October 7, 1864.

(Received New Orleans 9. 15 a. m. 8th.)

My cavalry attacked the enemy at Woodville yesterday at 7 a. m. Enemy 250 strong, with a battery of three guns. Our forces killed 40 of the enemy and captured the battery, with its captain and lieutenant

