
Charges and specifications against Surg. R. R. Goode, Provisional Army, Confederate States.

CHARGE 1.: Embezzlement of funds belonging to the Confederate States of America intrusted to his custody.

Specification. -In this, that on or about the 8th of June, 1864, at or near Mount Sterling, Ky., the Confederate forces, under command of Brigadier General John H. Morgan, captured about $72,000 in specie and Treasury notes of the United States from the enemy, which said money was then and there intrusted to the safe-keeping of the said R. R. Goode, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S., then serving on the staff of said General Morgan; but failing to account for the same, the said Goode fraudulently applied the same to his own use.

CHARGE 2: Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification 1. -In this, that on or about the 8th of June, 1864, at or near Mount Sterling, Ky., after capture of said town, and while it was held by the Confederate forces, Brigadier General John H. Morgan, commanding, ordered the said Surg. R. R. Goode, then serving on his staff, to enter the Farmers' Bank of Kentucky, located in said town, and seize the public funds in said bank for the use of the Confederate States, whereupon said Goode took from said bank about $72,000, and failing to account for the same, applied said money to his own use.

Specification 2. -In this, that on or about the 8th of June, 1864, at or near Mount Sterling, Ky., the said R. R. Goode, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S., serving on the staff of Brigadier General John H. Morgan, captured about $72,000 from the enemy, and failing to account for the same, applied it to his own use, in fraud of the rights of the Confederate States.

Specification 3. -In this, that on or about the 8th of June, 1864, at or near Mount Sterling, Ky., R. R. Goode, surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S., with force and arms entered the Farmers' Bank of Kentucky, whose stockholders are unknown, and robbed said bank of about $72,000, which he applied to his own use with intent to deprive the true owners thereof.

Respectfully submitted.

MILTON P. JARNAGIN,

Judge-Advocate.

Witnesses: Private Scott, company unknown; Benjamin Robertson, citizen; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Johnson, Second Kentucky Mounted Rifles; Major John T. Chenoweth, Tenth Kentucky Mounted Rifles; Asst. Surg. W. M. Hanna, Second Kentucky Cavalry; Calvin C. Morgan, Kentucky.

[First indorsement.]

MILITARY COURT ROOM, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Abingdon, November 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for orders, as directed.

MILTON P. JARNAGIN,

Judge-Advocate.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE,Wytheville, Va., November 4, 1864.

Approved, and will be tried by military court, Department of East Tennessee.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

J. STODDARD Johnston,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

