
command during their late operations, which have resulted in killing upward of 70 of the enemy, capturing the same number, with a battery of light artillery, two mails, and a telegraph office, destroying a large amount of subsistence stores, small-arms and ammunition, besides bringing in about 1,000 head of cattle, 300 valuable mules, and many horses. These operations have extended over 500 miles, and it is very gratifying that no robbery or marauding has been complained of. The improved discipline of the regiments reflects credit on the officers and will always be a matter of pride with every man belonging to the brigade, as that improves their endurance and the efficiency of the mounts increases, and with those results the weight and shock of the charge.

Let all officers and men now apply themselves strictly to instruction and discipline. Let no officer be absent from water and stable calls. Look well to the health of the soldier and to the condition of his best friend-his horse-and let us be ready for the operations of an early day.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Embury D. Osband, THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding expedition to Woodville.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Vicksburg, Miss., October 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN; Pursuant to orders from the major-general commanding I left Natchez, Miss., on the 4th day of October, at 6 p. m., on the transports provided, with detachments of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, and THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, one section Twenty-sixth Ohio Battery, and one section of Company K, Second Illinois Light Artillery, and a detachment of the signal corps, in all amounting to 1,200 men. I landed at Tunica Bend, La., at 4 a. m. on the 5th instant, and immediately marched in the direction of Woodville, Miss. When ten miles from Woodville, hearing heavy firing in the direction of Bayou Sara, I proceeded toward that point as far as Sligo, but there, finding that the firing receded faster than we advanced, I moved toward Woodville, and after surrounding the town, charged with two regiments, completely surprising the rebels and capturing 12 prisoners, 1 caisson, 12 army wagons with teams, &amp;c. The Fifth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry secured almost all of the above captures. Leaving a strong provost guard to search the town I moved, after destroying the telegraph and capturing the mail, half a mile south of the village and encamped the command. At daylight I forwarded all prisoners and captured property to Fort Adams to meet the boats, and prepared to march. Hearing at this time of the position of a rebel force upon my right flank about one mile and a half a distant, I immediately sent the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, and the section of Company K, Second Illinois Light Artillery, to the left, and moved with the Eleventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry and Second Wisconsin Cavalry, and the section of the Twenty-sixth Ohio Battery to the right. (Inclose please find plan of field and position of regiments, marked A. *) The column sent to the left

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

