
moved rapidly, the THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry in advance, and met a severe fire from Gober's cavalry, as the command rose the hill in rear of the rebel position. The artillery of the column, Fifth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry supporting, opened at about 1,000 yards range, and did fine execution. Major J. B. Cook, with THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, pushing rapidly to the rear, stampeded Gober's command and gained the rear of the battery, when, forming line of battle, he charged through the woods, one battalion with revolver and one with saber, cutting down the rebels, who were ow deserting the battery, driving the gunners from and capturing the guns. The batterymen rushing forward were secured as prisoners of war by the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, who were in line immediately in front. In the mean time the other column was met with stubborn resistance at the point where the railroad meets the road, and by the delay caused in dislodging this force only reached the scene of action in time to assist in securing the prisoners, who had scattered through the woods. The results of this half hour's works were one 12-pounder howitzer, two 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, 150 rounds of fixed ammunition, horses and harness complete, 3 battle-flags, 41 prisoners, and 40 of the enemy killed. Our loss was nothing. The fight occurred near the residence of Judge McGehee, who had breakfast cooked for the rebels. Our men ate the breakfast without difficulty, and giving Judge McGehee half an hour to mo e out of hiss residence, burned it, together with the quarters he had erected for the use of the rebels. I now sent one company of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry, Captain Bentley commanding, to the right of our position about one mile, when he succeeded in stampeding one company of rebel cavalry. He found and destroyed 35 saddles and 35 stand of arms. I also caused to be burned at Woodville about $100,000 worth of commissary stores, C. S. Army, consisting of salt, sugar, flour, tobacco, and cotton cloth. I now moved rapidly to a point four miles from Fort Adams, sending captured property to the boats at that point in waiting. Here at the junction of these roads the advance (THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry) found and drove some two miles a small party of rebels. Our loss was 2 wounded slightly. During the night I learned that we had met Powers' regiment, 200 strong. Before dayLight, in attempting to surround them our plan was accidentally discovered and frustrated. The Fourth Illinois Cavalry had I man wounded, who afterward died. Expecting to meet Scott's command and the combined rebel force at Woodville, I marched at 8 a. m. for that point, but found no enemy within twenty miles. Encamped on Buffalo Creek. Marched next morning at dayLight, and meeting Colonel Farrar at Kingston reached Natchez at 4 p. m.

I regret to add that gallant officer, Lieutenant Colonel Otto Funke, commanding Eleventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, while marching in column on this side of Woodville was painfully but not dangerously wounded by some bushwhackers concealed in the thick brush.

Embarking on transports the afternoon of the 9th I reached camp t Vicksburg the afternoon of the 11th instant.

I learned at Woodville that in the skirmish with Powers' regiment the cer, Major McKowen, and 8 killed.

A SUMMARY OF THE TWELVE DAYS' SCOUT.

The command embarked and disembarked twice, traveled by river 175 miles, and marched by land 260 miles. They lost no material, had only 2 men killed and 1 officer and 5 men slightly wounded. the enemy's loss in killed is Major McKowen, commanding Powers' regiment,

