
property of various description. This morning at 8 a. m. the steamer having troops and stores on board got under way for this place, where we arrived at 6 p. m., th delay being chiefly occasioned by a very hard wind. I received from Colonel Osband, I believe in all to be, 54 prisoners of war, who have been placed in custody of the provost-marshal. The negroes, including those of all ages and sexes, numbered between 200 and 300, and have been reported to the superintendent of freedmen.

The number of cattle brought up on boats, my quartermaster informs me, will amount to about 335, and will be turned over to the commissary of subsistence in the morning. The horses and mules captured by my command number about 90, and are all serviceable. This does not include those brought here and captured by forces under Colonel Osband. I also caused the seizure of a lot of cotton at fort Adams, which was placed in charge of an officer, with orders to turn the same over to the special agent Treasury Department, as per instructions contained in General Orders, Numbers 51, headquarters Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi. I am unable to do more than approximate to the actual amount of property that has come into my possession, but in the transfer of the same, as per instructions this night received, I will be able to make an accurate return, if desired. I have to report Privates Justice Rearden, Joseph Heath, and Stephen Sealey, Company G, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, who, without authority, entered a house near Pinckneyville, and took a uniform complete, worn by a lieutenant-colonel in the U. s. service in the war of 1812; also a citizen's coat. The clothing was recovered and placed in the hands of Captain Lord, of gun-boat Chillicothe, to be returned at my request. With this exception, I make no complaints of the behavior of the men.

Permit me to suggest to the major-general commanding that in the country near the Homochitto River and Buffalo Creek there is a large amount of cattle, horses, negroes, &amp;c., yet left (as we touched but a very small portion of it), and can be easily obtained by a comparatively small force at Fort Adams.

I desire to express my appreciation of the many courtesies extended to myself and command by Captain Lord, of the gun-boat Cillicothe, and the officers of his boat.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. KENT,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain J. W. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following supplementary report to the one handed in this morning:

The amount of property brought up on the transport from Fort Adams and turned over to the proper officer, on obedience to orders of Major-General Dana, is as follows, as per report made to me by the quartermaster in charge, viz: 73 serviceable mules, 24 serviceable horses, 330 beef-cattle, 46 bales of cotton, 6 wagons, that can be easily converted into army wagons. The negroes, of all ages and sizes, numbered 215.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

L. KENT,

Colonel, Commanding.

