
Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General George B. Hodge, C. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana.

LIBERTY, MISS., October 13, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Knowing the anxiety you feel in regard to this district, I take the liberty of inclosing a copy of my report of the recent raid of the enemy in this region. They did but little damage, got no cotton, and carried away but few negroes. They burned the house of your old friend Judge McGehee, and abused the old gentleman and his wife. I had but 650 troops to meet them with. I found here but 420 for service. Many more are in process of organization, but arrangements were incomplete when the storm burst upon us. My way is full of troubles, but I think I see a better day ahead of me, if I am permitted by the Senate to go on. At all events, until they decide I shall endeavor to evince my appreciation of all your kindness by untiring efforts to carry out yours wishes. There is a great deficiency in arms and equipment even of those troops I have, but I will not trouble Your Excellency with complaints. If in any of the steps I have taken, and which I have written Your Excellency of, you think a change desirable, I should be most grateful for a letter from you pointing out the desired alternation. The enemy is very strong at Baton Rouge and Morganza (25,000), and other raids may be expected, which I will endeavor to guard against.

With high respect, your grateful friend.

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DIST OF SOUTHWEST Miss. AND EAST LA.,Liberty, Miss., October 13, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations in this district connected with the recent raid of the enemy:

On the evening of October 3, while at Clinton, La., I was informed that the enemy had landed a large force at Bayou Sara and were advancing both upon Jackson and Woodville, Miss. I immediately telegraphed Colonel Gober at Woodville to be on the alert, and called in Colonel Ogden from Tangipahoa. At 9 p. m. intelligence came in that the enemy had re-embarked. On the morning of the 4th, at 10 a. m., I learned, however, that he had again landed and was advancing on Jackson. I re-enforced the officer in command on the Jackson road, first by two companies and finally by Scott's entire regiment, sending Colonel Scott to take command in person. At midnight I received a dispatch from Colonel Scott that the enemy were in position near Jackson with a battery of artillery, and asking for the THIRD Louisiana [Cavalry]. I was unwilling to send this regiment at the time, as it was covering the road from Baton Rouge to Clinton, and as I had been warned by my agents that the enemy had been for some time preparing a formidable and extensive raiding force to sweep the district and capture my batteries, trains, and stores.

On the morning of the 5th, having received no intelligence from Colonel Scott, but hearing incessant and heavy discharges of artillery, I

