
at Summit. I ordered Colonel Scott to wait at Liberty, watching the enemy in the direction of Natchez and Woodville; crossed myself at daylight to Summit, fourteen miles; then crossed to Liberty, twenty-four miles, and arrived there only to find Colonel Scott gone, leaving a verbal message that he had gone to Woodville. Here a dispatch reached me from General Gardner to the effect that the enemy had again struck the railroad at Tangipahoa and were still in heavy force at Greensburg. I immediately, with Gober's command, moved to Greensburg by a night march and scouted to Williams' Bridge and Stony Point, but found the enemy retiring, and returned to Liberty, ordering Colonel Scott to occupy Clinton again, and placing Ogden at Woodville.

Colonel Gober's command is so exhausted that it must have rest. I have placed it at Nebo Church to recruit and cover the approaches from Greensburg to the railroad, and the district is for the present free from the enemy. The large force-26,000 men-at Morganza and Baton Rouge have led me to believe that these demonstrations will be frequent and vigorous, and I earnestly ask for more troops.

I desire to express my appreciation of the promptness and cheerfulness with which Colonels Gober and Ogden and the officers and men of their commands obeyed my orders; and while not desiring to censure any, I can but regret that the same cheerful obedience to orders was not universal.

Colonel Gober lost 3 howitzers, but undoubtedly checked the advance of the Woodville column and prevented its coming to Liberty. With this exception we have lost nothing, while a force, as nearly as I can compute, of 7,500 of the enemy, after and exhausting raid of five days, have retired baffled. We still have all our rifle pieces, our stores, trains, and transportation.

I desire, also, to express my high appreciation of the services of my assistant adjutant-general (Captain Robinson) and the other officers of my staff, particularly Major Bynum, who, in charge of a company of scouts, hung on the enemy's front and flanks, and constantly gave me reliable and valuable information. But for his efforts I should have been surprised by the Greensburg column, and I cannot too highly express my obligations to him; and my assistant adjutant-general, who was with me during the most active and wearisome marches, during which we were in the saddle for twenty hours in every twenty-four, and for five days and nights.

I am, major, respectfully,

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major A. T. BOWIE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel John S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry, of skirmishes at Thompson's Creek and near Bayou Sara, La.
HEADQUARTERS,Liberty, Miss., October 28, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with your order of to-day I have the honor to submit the following report of the movement and action of the troops under my command during the late raid in East Louisiana:

On Monday, the 3rd of October, you being in Clinton at my headquarters, it was reported by the commanding officer of a company

