
they again retreated to their boats at Bayou Sara, and I marched my command, in order to forage my horses and feed my men, to Keller's Cross-Roads.

In my engagements around Bayou Sara the enemy lost 65 killed and wounded; we buried 11. My loss was 1 man killed and 4 wounded.

As an apology for the length of this report I would beg to say that the character of this raid renders it necessary to enter more into the form of a narrative thana concise military report.

Very respectfully,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel First Louisiana Cavalry.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE,

Commanding Dist. of Southwest Miss, and East La., Liberty, Miss.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Frank P. Powers, Powers' Regiment Louisiana and MISSISSIPPI Cavalry, of skirmishes at an near Bayou Sara, La.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,Camp on Homochitto, November 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 4th [ultimo] I received an order from General Hodge to report with my command to Colonel Gober. I reached Woodville about 12 o'clock; pushed on in direction of Bayou Sara, and met the enemy twelve mils below Woodville a little before dark. I would state that on my receiving the unexpected order to join Colonel gober the greater portion of my command was at that time on detached service arresting absentees and deserters. I was only enabled to re-enforce Gober with about seventy-five men. This officer taking command soon after my arrival, we drove the enemy into Bayou Sara, or, I should rather say, we followed them at a snail's pace. After this feat, with the approbation of the commanding officer, I turned my command over to Captain McKowen and left the field; returned to the Homochitto, by way of Liberty, for the purpose of concentrating my command.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. POWERS,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

Captain N. T. N. ROBINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 10, 1864. -Affair at South Tunnel, near Gallatin, Tenn.

Report of Captain Benjamin S. Nicklin, Thirteenth Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Gallatin, Tenn., October 10, 1864.

I have the honor to forward you the following statement regarding the attack on the colored troops at the tunnel:

About 3. 30 o'clock this p. m. two soldiers of the Fortieth U. S. Colored Infantry came to these headquarters with report that Harper and

