
OCTOBER 10-28, 1864. -Operations in East Tennessee.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

October 10, 1864. -Skirmish at Thorn Hill, near Bean's Station.

15, 1864. -Skirmish at Mossy Creek.

16, 1864. -Skirmish near Bull's Gap.

18, 1864. -Skirmish at Clinch Mountain.

21, 1864. -Skirmish in Clinch Valley, near Sneedville.

27, 1864. -Skirmishes at Mossy Creek and Panther Springs.

28, 1864. -Action at Morristown.

Skirmish at Russellville.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Alvan C. Gillem, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Forces.

Numbers 2. -Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

Numbers 3. -Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 4. -Colonel John B. Palmer, FIFTY-eighth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Mountain District of North Carolina.

Numbers 5. -Lieutenant David J. Hynds, Company a, THIRD Tennessee Infantry (mounted), Provisional Army.

Numbers 6. -Sergt. A. B. Byrd, Macbeth (South Carolina) Light Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Alvan C. Gillem, U. S. Army, commanding U. S. Forces.
HEADQUARTERS GOVERNOR'S GUARDS,Henderson's Mill, November 8, 1864.

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command from the 19th to the 28th of October:

I had been aware for some days that General Williams, commanding a rebel cavalry DIVISION of about 2,500 men and three piece of artillery, had been ordered to join Hood by way of the French Broad and Tennessee Valley. I had also learned that on his way down the valley, it was Williams' intention to turn my position at Bull's Gap by crossing the French Broad at or near the mouth of Chucky, while General Vaughn made a demonstration in my front.

On the 19th of October I learned that Williams had arrived at newport, and that Vaughn was at Greenville. That night I crossed my command to the north side of the Holston River at Andersons' Ford, intending to attack a rebel force of two regiments at rogersville, but the rebel commander, Major Day, learning that I had crossed the river, and believing that I was pursued by Vaughn and Williams, crossed Clinch Mountain, and marched wont he valley of the Clinch. Learning of this move I marched down the Holston Valley, and at Mooresburg detached Colonel Parsons, with Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, an ordered him to cross the Clinch Mountain by way of Flat Gap, and to march down the Clinch Valley in the enemy's rear.

Late on the evening of the 20th I reached Bean's Station, and found the enemy in the gap. Night came before I could dislodge him. I

