
in smoke; the next the rebels were seen fleeing, hotly pursued by Ingerton's regiment. Just at this time the enemy endeavor to turn our right flank. Colonel Parsons was ordered to meet this movement and turn the enemy's left flank. It was my intention not to charge their left flank and second line until Parsons had obtained a position from which eh could cut off their retreat, but before parsons could complete his move I perceived the enemy preparing to charge our battery. I immediately ordered Colonel Patton, commanding Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, to charge their left and center, whilst Ingerton, who had reformed his regiment, should charge their right. Both charges were gallantly made, and the enemy routed and fled. The entire command were then ordered to pursue, and the order was promptly obeyed and the enemy followed beyond Russellville. Their loss was 85 left dead on the field, including 6 officers; 224 captured, including 19 officers; 5 pieces of artillery with caissons complete, all their ammunition for small- arms; also 6 wagons were captured. Our loss was 8 killed and 18 wounded.

Where all behaved with so much gallantry it would seem invidious to mention individuals, but I hope Your Excellency will allow me to call your particular attention to Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton, commanding Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, who led the first charge and broke the enemy's first line without firing a shot. I earnestly recommend that he may be appointed to the command of the first regiment of Tennessee Cavalry that becomes vacant. Colonels Patton and Brown, of the Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, and Colonels parsons and Brownlow, of the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, led their regiments with distinguished gallantry. Captain Patterson and Lieutenant Regan, Battery E, First Tennessee Light Artillery, displayed the same skill, coolness, and daring that has characterized their conduct since we have been in East Tennessee. To my personal staff- lieut. J. B. Carpenter, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant O. C. French, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieuts. J. J. Douglas, B. A. Miller, and D. M. Nelson, aides-de-camp, and Capts. George E. Grisham and B. P. Stacy, provost-marshal-I am under many obligations for the prompt and gallant manner in which they transmitted my orders to different parts of the field. Surg. A. L. Carrick medical director, is entitled to much credit for he manner in which he provided for our wounded, embarrassed as he was by the large number of the wounded left behind by the enemy without medical attendance, all of whom received the same care of our own wounded. The forces engaged in this battle were about equal on each side and were exclusively Tennesseans, except the SIXTEENTH Georgia (rebel) Regiment [Battalion.]

I omitted to mention at the proper place that we picked up over 300 stand of small-arms that had been thrown away by the enemy. Some of these I had distributed to citizens to defend themselves against guerrillas, the remainder I have deposited at the office of the assistant quartermaster for Tennessee troops.

The enemy could not have lost less than 500 in killed, wounded, and captured. In this action their killed and captured amounted to 310 men. Among their wounded was General Vaughn.

I am, Governor, very respectfully,

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Governor ANDREW JohnSON,

Nashville, Tenn.

