
Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

RHEATOWN, October 14, 1864.

(Via Carter's Station).

Major Day dispatches me from Rogersville that Lieutenant Hayes, of his battalion, me thirty select men from the Tenth Michigan at Thorn Hill, north of Bean's Station, killing and capturing the entire party but 3. Major Day's brother was killed in the engagement. Lieutenant Hayes had but twenty men.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JohnSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C.,Rheatown, October 17, 1864.

GENERAL: Your note of the 15th instant is at hand. So soon as Lieutenant-Colonel Bean, who was in command of the troops of my brigade in the Valley, arrives, I shall procure the names of the officers who left their command without the proper authority and see that they are ordered before the military court at once. it is impossible to procure the names at present in the absence of Colonel Bean. Lieutenant Hopkins, who shot Captain Day, will also be sent up. On my front all is quiet. Captain Bushong, in charge of a scout of some thirty men, attacked a scout of seventy of the enemy within eight miles of Bull's Gap last nigh tan stampeded them. The enemy's loss unknown, as he took to the woods; our loss, 1 man mortally wounded. I heard from Colonel Palmer's command on the 14th instant. He will move to-day and by at Warm Springs on the 19th instant, nothing preventing.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Rheatown, October 18, 1864.

MAJOR: In addition to my dispatch of yesterday I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Hynds, Company A, THIRD Tennessee, who was on scout below with twenty men, surprised the guard at Mossy Creek of thirty men on night of 15th, killed 5, wounded 1, and brought out 12 prisoners, and thinks there were some 6 or 7 burned up in the brick store in which they were sleeping, and which they had pierced with port-holes for musketry. He captured 20 horses. On account of the smallness of command and the prisoners to guard, he was unable to destroy the bridge at that point.

