
Numbers 7. -Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Eaton, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 8. -Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 9. -Colonel George B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 10. -Colonel Franklin Campbell, Eighty-first Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 11. -Lieutenant Colonel Andrew W. Rogers, Eighty-first Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 12. -Lieutenant Colonel George R. Clarke, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 13. -Colonel Edward Bouton, FIFTY-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade.

Numbers 14. -Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry DIVISION.

Numbers 15. -Colonel George E. Waring, Jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 16. -Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Browne, Seventh Indiana Cavalry.

Numbers 17. -Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 18. -Lieutenant Colonel John W. Noble, THIRD Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 19. -Major Abial R. Pierce, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 20. -Proceedings of a Board of Investigation.

Numbers 21. -Major General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

Numbers 22. -Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army.

Numbers 23. -Return of casualties in the Confederate forces.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, commanding District of WEST Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., July 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, of the conduct and results of the recent expedition of subordinate commanders. This expedition was fitted out pursuant to orders from Major-General McPherson. The fact having become known that Major-General Forrest, of the Confederate army, was at Tupelo with quite a large mounted force, preparing for some expedition, it was regarded as of the first importance to engage him, and if possible to whip and disperse his forces, as also to destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, which had been placed in complete running order from Corinth to Mobile. My orders to make the movement were received two weeks before it was commenced, but from information I had as to the strength of the enemy I was compelled to await the arrival of other troops. On the 30th day of May Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith arrived from Red River with 1,800 men, but in such condition that only about 800 could be put into the field. Feeling that prompt action was important, and that a longer delay would probably allow General Forrest to carry out his plans, which were supposed to be to operate on General Sherman's communications (a supposition since confirmed by reliable intelligence), I ordered out on the morning of the 1st of June my entire effective force here, consisting of 3,300 cavalry, 5,000 infantry, and 16 pieces of artillery. The infantry force was all moved by rail on the 1st of June to a point between Collierville and La Fayette, where a bridge was destroyed. The cavalry, artillery, and wagon train moved on the same day. The force sent out was in complete order, and consisted of some of our best troops. They

