
lowing information relative to strength, &amp;c., of forces at the gap: Eighth Tennessee, 800; Eighth and Ninth Tennessee Infantry, consolidated, 200; Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, 400; THIRD North Carolina Scouts (Kirk), 400; one battery heavy artillery (Kentucky), 100-days' men, 150. I give the above as her figures. I think the estimates exaggerated. The Fourth Infantry (Tennessee) is also reported there. they are busy fortifying the heights in vicinity of Methodist Church. They picket one mile above Jackson's. they do not forage above the gap, and send but few scouts out - form motives of fear. The gaps north of Bull's Gap are clear; those south they know nothing about. The Pennsylvania and Michigan regiments were sent south. The 100-days' men stay and scout along the base of the mountains between our lines. there were forty-two in the squad which we stampeded. They passed Mr. Well's in squads of five and then, full tilt, for the gap. I could get no particulars as to their loss. She did not know how many pieces belonged to the Kentucky battery. I send this by Mr. Ingle. I will take Theodore Rankin and Ellis and Rogers down the creek and try to get more definite information. I will report in person to-morrow; everything seems quit. Scouts can ramble through here with impunity. I have seen nor heard from no other scouts' operations.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DICK BUSHONG,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

[Indorsement.]

[General BRECKINRIDGE:]

GENERAL: I consider this reliable, and shall move down and attack the enemy in the rear of the gap, as I think I can scare them out of the gap.

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel John B. Palmer, FIFTY-eighth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Mountain District of North Carolina.
HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Asheville, November 3, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent operations of the force under my command:

On September 27 last I notified you that General Vaughn had been ordered back to Saltville, and that I had fallen back to Warm Springs, and that Intended moving to Cocke County, Tenn., in the rear of the enemy, who had followed General Vaughn's forces to Carter's Depot. This movement of mine, as I have since ascertained from Generals Breckinridge and Vaughn, and citizens of Tennessee, seriously alarmed the enemy and caused their precipitate retreat to Bull's Gap.

In according with directions received from General R. E. Lee to co- operate with General Breckinridge when notified by him, I moved from this place on October 17, and, concentrating my forces at Warm Springs, moved over the Paint Mountain on the 19th with 800 men and three

