
Vaughn. From this position I was ordered back to Bull's Gap, and from thence to Greeneville, I protesting against both movements. From Greeneville General Vaughan fell back to Rheatown, and by his directions my command returned to this district.

I brought everything out that I took to Tennessee with me excepting the mountain howitzer, which was loaned to and captured from General Vaughn's cavalry. I likewise brought out some cattle and hogs, my train loaded with wheat and commissary stores, and some captured horsesA detachment of one commissioned officer and twenty men, of the Tenth Michigan, were sent to watch my movements across the mountain. My scouts captured the officer and 15 of his men.

The officers and men of my command exhibited great coolness in the face of the enemy, and I am confident all would have fought well had the enemy advanced farther, or had I been permitted to advance with my force against them.

It is evident that this district, as I have always urged, affords an admirable base from which to operate against and threaten the enemy in East Tennessee. Thomas' legion, as at present organized, is of but little if any use, either for local defense or aggressive movements. I respectfully refer the general commanding to my letter* of the 3rd instant in reference to Colonel Thomas' command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major A. C. AVERY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant David J. Hynds, Company A, THIRD Tennessee Infantry (mounted), Provisional Army.
HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Asheville, November 3, 1864.

Colonel J. S. JohnSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wytheville, Va.:

COLONEL: I inclose Lieutenant Hynds' report of a scout line in the enemy's rear; also an intercepted dispatch from General Gillem. Lieutenant Hynds' man delivered the prisoners and dispatch to me at Warm Springs. I send the papers to General Vaughn through you, as I do not know his present location.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]

ALLEN'S FORD, October 28, 1864.

SIR: Yours of the 26th was not received until to-day. I received one from the general of the same date, and moved the following morning to whip the pickets on the roads mentioned. I learned that the road leading from Dandridge to New Market was ambushed with about 100 men, for the purpose of catching my scout, and that the pickets on all the other routes were too heavy for me. I also learned that there were

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

