
about forty men on picket at Friend's Station. These I determined to fight, but when I got nearly to the place I found that the whole force, consisting of the Eighth, Ninth, and Thirteenth Tennessee Regiments, had gone up the country, Kirk having gone to Knoxville. I lay in the immediate vicinity of Friend's Station until day. I then took up the main road leading to Morristown, hoping I would be able to release any of my men they might capture. I met with none of the enemy until I got to Mossy Creek, where I found some 250 of them guarding a wagon train. I left the creek to my left and struck the road leading to Talbott's Station. At Doctor Harris' my advance met two couriers and captured 1. In the race they ran on a wagon- train guard of about forty men, who charged them and drove them back to where I was with the scout. I ordered a charge and we fought them hand to hand. The contest was soon over; the cowards could not stand us, and they broke and ran in confusion. We captured 6 or 7, killed some, and wounded some. Sergeant Milligan with five men followed them some distance, while I remained behind to protect our rear with the remainder of the scout. Just as the charge was returning some 100 or 150 of the Yankees came up the road on the charge. We gave them a volley, which checked them for an instant, but they soon came again and succeeded in driving us back across the fields to the woods. At this time another charge came on us from above, who succeeded in releasing all my prisoners but one and capturing 3 of my men. I formed in the woods, fired on and checked them, and released two of my men who had been captured, and actually drove the whole force back across the fields in confusion. I then made good my retreat, bringing off 4 prisoners, 4 or 5 pistols, 6 guns, and 2 horses, saddles and bridles. One of the men we released says that they shot Hicks, of Company C, THIRD Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, after he had surrendered. We saw him surrender, and if he is killed I will retaliate.

Inclosed you will find Gillem's official dispatch to Governor Johnson in regard to the fight.

The forces now in your front are the Eighth, Ninth, and Thirteenth Tennessee Regiments; Kirk's has gone to the rear - some say to your rear; the Tenth Michigan is at the Plains; the Fifteenth Pennsylvania and Tenth Kentucky have gone farther down, perhaps to Knoxville. The citizen prisoner I send you has kept out of the army by lying out in the woods while we held the country. While the Yankees held the country he belonged to the home guards, and arrested all the Vicksburg prisoners he could get. I send you 5 prisoners by Lieutenant Bell. Write to me and give an account of yesterday's fight.

Return my most sincere thanks to the general for his kindest consideration of my welfare.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. J. HYNDS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Cavalry.

Lieutenant John TOLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

RUSSELLVILLE, TENN., October 28, 1864.

Governor ANDREW JohnSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Our victory is moe complete than I had anticipated. Our prisoners will amount to 250, I think; among them Colonel Rhea, 2 majors, 4 captains, and several lieutenants, and 4 pieces of artillery and caissons,

