
1 complete battery, with its captain and lieutenants, and a portion of their ammunition train. I am unable to give either my loss or that of the enemy. Our cavalry fought entirely with the saber. The enemy retreated in great confusion, many of them throwing away their arms. I am still in pursuit.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Sergt. A. B. Byrd, Macbeth (South Carolina) Light Artillery.

CAMP MACBETH LIGHT ARTILLERY,

November 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from Colonel Palmer I respectfully submit for your consideration the following report of the part taken by the mountain howitzer of which I was in charge in the engagement at Morristown, Tenn., on the 28th of October, with the request that you forward it to him:

On the night of the 27th, while stationed on the mountain at Bull's Gap, I received an order from Lieutenant Scaife (who was then in command of the battery) to report without delay to General Vaughn with the mountain howitzer and a detachment of eight men. After a tedious march I reached Morristown about 2 a. m. on the 28th, and reported to General Vaughan. He ordered me to hold myself in readiness for any emergency. About 9 a. m. I received an order from him to go to the front in double-quick time. Not being able to mount all of the cannoneers, I ordered three of them to mount the box in order to have the gun in position by the time the other cannoneers had come up. I found General Vaughn in person on the field. He ordered me to open fire on the enemy, who were in column about 1,000 yards distant. Their advance as skirmishers, however, were within shorter range - say 600 yards. I immediately opened upon them with some effect, as they were partially checked, but after a reconnaissance on their part they moved forward, gradually pressing our advance line back. I continued [to fire] on them until I had expended all of my ammunition except a few rounds of canister. This I wished to fire on their skirmishers, but General vaughn ordered me to cease firing and retire beyond the town, that I might replenish with ammunition. I accordingly retired with the loss of 1 man (Private C. A. Moore) wounded. While replenishing my ammunition I noticed squads of cavalry passing. Not being able to find General Vaughn, I reported to an aide (I think his assistant adjutant-general), who ordered me to fall in with a battery then passing, and govern myself by its movements. I had not proceeded far before the passing squads of cavalry had increased to an extent that warranted the belief that a rapid retreat had commenced, which continued until a general stampede on the part of the cavalry followed. It was now apparent that the artillery was being left without support. I then ordered the howitzer to pass the battery in its front, thinking I might possibly save it, though the artillery of General Vaughan's command were lost. In consequence of the road being blockaded by stampeding cavalry, I was forced to fall in behind one piece of the above-mentioned battery, and compelled to remain in this position until it was my painful duty to witness the capture of the howitzer and

