
horses, together with 6 of the detachment, viz, Corpl. R. D. G. Sims, Privates Robert King, T. A. Moore, John Nelson, J. W. Sartor, and L. J. Simpson. Private St. Clair, having procured a loose horse, succeeded in making his escape before the capture of the piece.

In regard to my own escape I ask to make the following statement: Although I am myself conscious of having done all that lay in my power to save the gun and detachment, yet it may seem strange that I alone should escape. After the capture of the gun I saw a possible chance to make my escape, as I was mounted. This I barely did by running the gauntlet of the enemy, then coming in on my right and just ahead of the gun. This course was deemed best both with regard to the service I owe my country and to myself. I would also respectfully bring to your notice the time I reached Russellville and reported to you, which I think was half an hour or more after the greater portion of the cavalry had arrived at that place.

Respectfully submitted.

A. B. BYRD,

Sergeant, Macbeth Light Artillery.

Captain B. A. JETER,

Commanding Macbeth Light Artillery.

OCTOBER 11, 1864. - Skirmish near Fort Donelson, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas R. Weaver, One hundred and nineteenth U. S. Colored Infantry.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., October 12, 1864.

I have the honor to report that on yesterday morning at 4 o'clock I left Pine Bluff with a recruiting party of eighty-five men of the Fourth Colored Artillery (Heavy), and when near the house of Doctor Williams, within about five miles of this place, I discovered a force of rebel cavalry in our front, which I have since learned was composed of parts of three regiments under command of Colonel Chenoweth. My advance commenced firing as soon as they discovered them, which threw them into some confusion. I immediately moved the main body forward a short distance to a slightly elevated position and formed lien near the house of Mr. Sexton, where we were immediately attacked, the rebel cavalry charging up the hill in good style until within FIFTY yards of our line, when they were met by a volley which sent them back in confusion. They reformed and charged again, but were again driven back. They then began moving a force on both flanks, as the same time keeping up a vigorous attack in front, when, finding that we were being surrounded, I directed my men to occupy the log dwellings and outhouses of Mr. Sexton, which they succeeded in doing, after driving the rebels away from them, but in doing so Mr. Sexton, a peaceable citizen, was killed, my men supposing him to be one of the rebels, as he attempted to escape. The rebels, having dismounted their force, continued the attack on the houses, but were met by a well-directed fire, which soon compelled them to withdraw into the woods. Finding it impossible to dislodge us they attempted to send in a flag of truce, which was instantly fired on, and although the act was a violation of the usages of civilized warfare we believed we were justifiable in doing so, as we had no favors to ask nor none to grant, and knowing the treatment which

