
officers and men of colored regiments have generally received at their hands we believe we will not be censured for firing on their flag of truce. The rebels shortly after disappeared, leaving their dead and severely wounded in our possession. Shortly after we occupied and houses I sent two men to Captain Flood, commanding at this post, for assistance, which arrived shortly after the rebels withdrew.

Our thanks are due Captain Flood, his officers and men, for the promptness with which they came to our assistance. The rebels left Lieutenant-Colonel Sorey, Captain [Major] Garr, and 1 enlisted man dead, 3 men mortally and 4 severely wounded, in our hands, and Doctor Williams informs me that they took at least 7 wounded off with them. We have had 4 of their wounded brought in; the others will die.

Our loss is Lieutenant Johnston, Company I, Fourth Colored Artillery (Heavy), and 3 enlisted men killed, and 9 enlisted men wounded. The entire command lament the loss of Lieutenant Johnston, as he was a most excellent officer and possessing the entire confidence of his men. Our success must be attributed in a great measure to his exertions.

As for the colored soldiers they behaved nobly. There was not a single instance in which they did not surpass my expectations of them.

We brought all our killed and wounded it with us. The wounded are in hospital and are doing well.

Their wounded say they crossed the Tennessee River in the morning with 250 men, and admit a loss of 20 men.

Lieutenant Upham, commanding Company D, Fourth Colored Artillery (Heavy), Lieutenants Wright, Russell, O'Healy, and Hill, of the One hundred and nineteenth Colored Infantry, who accompanied the expedition, were conspicuous during the entire fight, and did their whole duty.

Our guide, Mr. Joice, was also mortally wounded and has since died.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. WEAVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel 119th Colored Infantry, Commanding.

Brigadier-General MEREDITH,

Paducah, Ky.

OCTOBER 16 - NOVEMBER 10, 1864. - Forrest's Raid into WEST Tennessee.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

October 30, 1864. - Capture of gun-boat Undine (Numbers 55) and transports near Fort Heiman, Ky.

November 2-3, 1864. - Attack on gun-boats at Davidson's Ferry, Tennessee River.

4, 1864. - Destruction of gun-boats Tawah (Numbers 29), Key WEST (Numbers 32), and Elfin (Numbers 52).

4-5, 1864. - Action at Johnsonville, Tenn.

REPORT.

Numbers 1. - Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland. *

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel William Sinclair, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Bvt. Brigadier General James L. Donaldson, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

---------------

*See also pp. 589, 590.

---------------

