
Numbers 4. - Captain Samuel J. McConnell, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General, District of Tennessee.

Numbers 5. - Acting Volunteer Lieutenant Edward M. King, U. S. Navy. *

Numbers 6. - Brigadier General Solomon Meredith, U. S. Army, commanding District of Western Kentucky.

Numbers 7. - Colonel Reuben D. Mussey, One hundredth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Numbers 8. - General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army.

Numbers 9. - Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding Forrest's Cavalry.

Numbers 10. - Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry DIVISION.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

NASHVILLE, November 4, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Colonel C. R. Thompson, commanding at Johnsonville, telegraphs this p. m. that three gun-boats were disabled at Johnsonville to- day and abandoned, and destroyed by fire by rebel batteries on the western bank of the Tennessee River, and that rebel batteries opposite the town on the other side of the river were engaging his batteries at that place. He also reports that the gun-boat and transports captured by enemy a few days since were all destroyed.

In addition to the above I have just received the following from Lieutenant Commander E. M. King, to Commander Shirk, Paducah:

At daylight this morning the Undine camp up through chute at Reynoldsburg Island, loaded with rebels, who fired and left. At 8 a. m. the Paw Paw and three other gun-boats came in sight. I went down with Elfin and Tawah and engaged a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts above Reynoldsburg Island, WEST side; it was too much for us. The Key WEST received ten shells through upper works, seven through berth deck, and two through hull; guns disabled on my vessel and Elfin; shell of Tawah, received from Nashville, mostly too large. At 10 a. m. we returned here. At 2 p. m. the enemy's batteries opened on us at this place, above and below. the three boats and forts engaged; in shipping cable got foul of stern- wheel. Anchor was weighed and Tawah took us in tow and we moved to bank opposite upper battery. Both batteries now opened on us; after firing away mostly all our ammunition I gave orders to get ready to fire boats. Tawah's starboard-box Parrott disabled by enemy's shell; my boat's wheel disabled. Seeing it was impossible to hold out longer we burnt the boat reluctantly. Paw Paw and other boats are below, with batteries above and, I think, below them. My officers and crew I have ordered to the fort. Johnsonville can only be saved by a large force and iron-clads. Seven transports and our prize Venus are set on fire. We have done what we could.

After reading this dispatch I have determined to send Twenty-THIRD Corps to Johnsonville. It is now on the way here for Pulaski. The first trains will be here to-night, and will be at once sent forward. Have telegraphed Colonel Thompson, who has a force of nearly 4,000 men, that he must not think of abandoning place, and that re-enforcements will reach him by to-morrow night. I do not see how the enemy can cross the river to attack the forts, and therefore feel sure that I can get Schofield's corps there in time.

General Croxton reports from Shoal Creek bridge, 7. 30 p. m. yesterday, enemy was repulsed in their attempt to cross Tennessee at Blue Water, half way between Florence and mouth of Elk River; that the force at Florence remains the same, and in same position as last reported by him.

---------------

*For other naval reports, see Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 4, 1865, pp. 403-408.

---------------

