
General Granger reports from Decatur 10. 05 a. m. to-day that he had sent scouts out on the Moulton and Courtland roads last night. Party on Moulton road saw no enemy, and was informed by citizens no troops had passed that road since October 31. Party on Courtland road drove back some Texas cavalry, which they ascertained to be part of the Texas Legion, of which three regiments are encamped between Decatur and Courtland. Citizens reported to them that they were told by soldiers, and others who came up from Tuscumbia, that main part of Beauregard's army had gone to Corinth. He put one corps across river at Florence, and commenced fortifying, but had moved on himself, and had also withdrawn part of that force. Above statement is corroborated by citizens living on Moulton road, who say this is general impression in that section.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Sinclair, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., January 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report as the result of my investigation into the circumstances attending the destruction of a large amount of property on the Tennessee River, between October 28 and November 5, 1864. This investigation was made in compliance with your written instructions, dated November 21, 1864:

The rebel cavalry, under Forrest, first made its appearance October 28, on the left bank of the Tennessee River, at Fort Heiman, two miles above Fort Henry, capturing the steam-boat Mazeppa and a barge bound from Cincinnati, Ohio, to Johnsonville, Tenn., with a valuable cargo of quartermaster's and subsistence stores. After having landed the cargo the boat and barge were burned. The greater part of the stores captured on the Mazeppa were taken away by the rebels in their wagons. Captain Henry Howland, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, depot quartermaster at Johnsonville, was informed of the capture and burning of the steam-boat Mazeppa on the morning of October 30, by telegram from commanding officer at Pine Bluff.

The rebels having placed batteries in position on the river at Fort Heiman and Paris Landing, four miles above, on the morning of the 30th of October, the gun-boat Undine (55), with the steam-boats Cheeseman and Venus, empty, bound from Johnsonville down the river, got between the batteries. The gun-boat Tawah (29), Lieutenant Williams commanding, proceeded down the river from Johnsonville and engaged the batteries at Paris Landing, but returned without reaching the besieged boats. After six hours' fighting the Undine was abandoned, and with the Cheeseman and Venus fell into the enemy's hands on the evening of the 30th of October. Neither of these boats was disabled. The Undine and Venus were afterward used by the rebels near Johnsonville; it is supposed they burned the Cheeseman near Paris Landing. The captain and part of the crew of the gun-boat Undine made their escape to Pine Bluff. The loss on this boat was only 2 killed and 8 wounded. The crews of the Venus and Cheeseman were captured. Captain Howland was informed of the capture of these boats by telegraph from Pine Bluff on the morning of the 31st of October.

