
Our force sustained a loss of 8 men killed and wounded during the attack.

Colonel Thompson and Captain Howland are responsible for the destruction of the boats and other property at Johnsonville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM SINCLAIR,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General to report what steps have been taken to meet the requirements of the public interest respecting the matters set forth in the within report referring to the conduct of officers and employes of the Quartermaster's Department, and as to the responsibility which rests upon them for the great and unnecessary loss of public property stated.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 1, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

Under date December 10, 1864, Brigadier General R. Allen, chief quartermaster Valley of the Mississippi, was instructed by this office to detail an officer, specially selected for the purpose, to inquire into the circumstances relating to the loss of quartermaster property at Johnsonville, Tenn., who should continue his investigations until all the facts had been ascertained. He was directed to obtain information relating to transports from General Donaldson at Nashville, to procure the manifests of the vessels, or copies of them, together with information from the officers who loaded them, and reports from the officers at Johnsonville and Nashville. No report has as yet been received from General Allen. He was telegraphed to to-day to inform this office immediately what steps he had taken in accordance with the instructions of the above date. As soon as his reply is received until report further.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Bvt. Major General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General James L. Donaldson, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

NASHVILLE, TENN., November 1, 1864.

GENERAL: The following copies of telegrams just received are furnished for the information of the major-general commanding:

JOHNSONVILLE, October 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster:

The new boat Mazeppa, with 700 tons of freight from Cincinnati, was captured and burned at Fort Heiman, two miles this way from Fort Henry, on opposite side

