
of the river, on Friday. The Naugatuck and Alice were captured at Widow Reynolds' Bar, forty miles this way from Paducah, on Saturday. Gun-boat 55, with transports Venus and Cheeseman, were captured yesterday without being disabled near Paris Landing, forty miles below here and four miles this way from Fort Heiman. Our information is reliable that Forrest intends to attack this place, with from 8,000 to 10,000 men, within next three or four days. Our employes will be ready and do good service.

HENRY HOWLAND,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

The substance of the above telegram was sent you yesterday, but this is clearer and more specific, having been repeated for that purpose.

JOHNSONVILLE, October 31, 1864.

Gun-boat 55 with the two transports were captured without being disabled, and are now in the hands of rebels in the river. Colonel Brott, at Fort Donelson, telegraphs that Lieutenant-Colonel Weaver, commanding at Pine Bluff, has abandoned the post. The pilot of the 55 has just reached here by land.

HENRY HOWLAND,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

CLARKSVILLE, November 1, 1864.

Lieutenant S. H. STEVENS,

Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Nashville, Tenn.:

Steamer Dave Hughes, with barge loaded with Government stores, was burned yesterday afternoon, fifteen miles above this post, by guerrillas.

I. P. WILLIAMS,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

The Dave Hughes was a light-draft boat valued at $5,000 to $7,000, and was chartered by me some time since.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. STEVENS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

Very respectfully,

J. L. DONALDSON,

Bvt. Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster Dept. of the Cumberland.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Samuel J. McConnell, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General, District of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE,Nashville, Tenn., November 4, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to inclosed copy of order directing me to proceed to Johnsonville for the purpose of investigating and reporting the facts in reference to the burning of boats and Government stores at that place, I have the honor to report the statements of the following officers:

Colonel C. R. Thompson, commanding forces on Northwestern railroad and at Johnsonville, on the 3rd day of November, states that Lieutenant King, commanding gun-boat fleet, directed Captain Howland, chief depot quartermaster, to have the transports ready to fire at a moment's notice. About 3 p. m. of the 4th instant he had fought his boats about one

