
Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Reuben D. Mussey, One hundredth U. S. Colored Infantry.
HDQRS. COMMISSIONER ORGANIZATION U. S. COLD. TROOPS,Nashville, Tenn., November 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN:

* * * * *

The behavior of the colored troops at Johnsonville, Tenn., during the recent attack upon that place was, I am informed by several eye-witnesses, excellent. A section of Meig's battery, temporarily there, made excellent practice, dismounting one of the guns of a battery placed by the rebels on the opposite bank of the river and causing the battery several times to change their location. The rebel battery devoted its attention to this section, shelling it furiously. The men stood their ground well. Some of the Thirteenth U. S. Colored Infantry, who were at Johnsonville, were upon the river-bank as sharpshooters, and armed with the Enfield rifle, and did good execution. The affair was sLight, but it has gained credit for the colored troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. D. MUSSEY,

Colonel One hundredth U. S. Colored Infantry,

Commissioner Organization U. S. Colored Troops.

Captain CHARLES P. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis, Tenn.

Numbers 8. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army.

TUSCUMBIA, November 8, 1864.

(Received 12th.)

General Forrest reports on 5th instant that he was then engaged fighting enemy at Johnsonville, having already destroyed 4 gun- boats of eight guns each, 14 steamers, and 20 barges, with large quantity of quartermaster's and commissary stores, on landing and in warehouses, estimated at 75,000 to 120,000 tons. Six gun-boats were then approaching, which he hopped to capture or destroy.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Major General Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army, commanding Forrest's Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Near Johnsonville, November 3, 1864.

GENERAL: Having advised you, by previous dispatch, of the capture of U. S. gun-boats 55 and 3 transports and barges, and also of the

