
in the bushes in sight. They also burned nearly all the negro and other dwelling along the railroad for two miles. Piles of wood at sections 38 and 39 were burned, and various estimates placed the loss in wood at from 3,000 to 15,000 cords. The wood being in several ranks close to the road many ties were burned at the ends, and the rails warped by the intense heat, so that the 3 o'clock train for Nashville could not pass. The telegraph operator at Sneedville called operator at White Bluffs, section 32, and while calling the line was cut before getting and answer. Captain J. W. Dickins, at Sneedville, went to the burning wood with part of this company, and arrived in time to hear the retreating bushwhackers laughing and talking, but was not able at that time (11 o'clock nighto Sneedville. On the 22nd Military Conductor Captain Van Skike, from Nashville, found out the condition of the road at sections 38 and 39, and took a detail up from White Bluffs and repaired the road as soon as possible so that trains ran through on the 23rd of October.

I have made no delay in gathering the materials from authentic sources for this report, and hope it may prove acceptable.

WILLIAM L. CLARK,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry,

DIVISION Inspector Eastern Section Nashville and Northwestern R. R.

Major JAMES R. WILLETT,

First U. S. Vet. Vol. Engrs., and Chief Insp. Railroad Defenses.

OCTOBER 24-31, 1864. - Operations in Issaquena and Washington Counties, Miss., and skirmish (25th) at Steele's Bayou.

Reports of Colonel Embury D. Osband, THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,Skipwith's Landing, October 25, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report a small skirmish and 1 rebel mortally wounded. He states as his "last will and testament" that all troops were ordered out of here to-morrow, to concentrate at Oxford, Miss., to participate in a combined attack upon Memphis. I have notified the commanding officer at Memphis. No report from Major Cook. Will hear particulars in morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Expedition.

Major General N. J. T. DANA.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Vicksburg, October 11, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the result of the expedition, under my command, which left here Monday, October 24, the returned to-day:

On the MISSISSIPPI side we drove the scouts out of Issaquena and Washington Counties (killing 2 of them), and allowed the Government lessees to bring in their cotton, amounting during the week to about 600 bales. We captured 63 bales and 65 bags of cotton, about 100 horses and mules, 300 sheep, and 50 head of beef-cattle, besides arresting the prominent rebels through the country of be held as hostages.

