
On the Louisiana side we looked only for information, which I have had the honor previously to report. I believe a cavalry force necessary now upon the WEST bank of the river, to assist the gun- boats in preventing a crossing. I also captured and brought to this city 50,000 feet of lumber and 20,000 brick, which I can use to great advantage in making shelter for the men.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HARRIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 26, 1864. - Affair in Scott County, Va.

Report of Colonel D. Howard Smith, Fifth Kentucky (Confederate) Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENTS,Camp, Many Sinks, Scott County, Va., October 26, 1864.

MAJOR: My scouts killed this morning the notorious Captain Burleson, the leader and principal man of the gang of scoundrels that have infested this county for some time past. They also captured 3 others; 1 of them, John Gardner, is a very bad man; he was and still is a lieutenant in Palmer's company. Palmer is the worst man that has been in this county, next to Burleson. I feel that half of my labors are finished in the destruction of Burleson. I have sent to-day the prisoners to Bristol and turned them over to the commandant of post, with descriptive lists of each. I have instructed Lieutenant J. W. Doncaster, second lieutenant in Rowan's battery, Johnston's battalion of artillery, Army of Tennessee, to report to you under arrest. He came with a scout on Sunday last, in the immediate vicinity of my camp, and robbed and plundered several houses, impressed three horses without authority, and burned a house. He assumed the responsibility of these acts to me, and I thereupon released the other parties with a slight lecture. I have heretofore called your attention to the importance of punishing this class of offenders.

D. HOWARD SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. STODDARD JohnSTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 27, 1864. - Attack on Steamer Belle Saint Louis at Fort Randolph, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel James N. McArthur, Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commanding post of Columbus, Ky.

Numbers 2. - Major William H. Jameson, Paymaster, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Colonel Loren Kent, Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel James N. McArthur, Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commanding post of Columbus, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE POST,Columbus, Ky., October 28, 1864.

GENERAL: The steamer Belle Saint Louis, coming up, while attempting to land at Fort Randolph at 12 o'clock last night, was attacked by 100

