
mind as to the fact that the enemy had evacuated Corinth, in force, on the previous Friday and gone south. I immediately changed my course toward Ripley and sent information to Karge accordingly. The colonel joined us last evening, after a very severe march, which jaded his animals very much. I have as yet received no official report of his operations, but from what I learn of the telegraph operator with him, and others, the whole reconnaissance was conducted with the usual energy and intelligence of that fine officer. He brought in 13 prisoners and horses, and crossed the Hatchie when it was very high fighting back Bell's brigade, which followed himty of Ripley on his advance. He lost no men and only 1 horse. We have been almost constanwith the enemy's advance pickets for several days. Day before yesterday some three regiments appeared in our front and were driven until they escaped under cover of the darkness of the night. Toward evening the firing became pretty brisk. Next morning they had disappeared, leaving 5 dead and 11 wounded on the field. The whole number of prisoners I send by the train is 24, including 2 commissioned officers.

I speak of the train without having referred to it before. I am anxious to diminish the train as much as possible, and at the same time get rid of sick and prisoners. So I am sending back such wagons as we do not require, and the sick and weak soldiers and prisoners; in fact, all the eating and non-fighting portion of the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis.

RIPLEY, MISS., June 11, 1864.

Yesterday we had a very hard fight near Guntown. The enemy was in very large force. Our loss in killed and wounded is very heavy. We have lost most everything, including a number of wagons and artillery, with ammunition. I have fallen back to this point. The enemy will probably try to cut me off. I am working toward Memphis, on the Salem and Lamar [road]. If possible, please send me a brigade of infantry to help me. Please send a train of forage and some commissary stores to the railroad terminus. The enemy has been concentrating his forces and has drawn troops from Mobile and other points.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN.

COLLIERVILLE, June 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have just reached this point with the cavalry and fragments of infantry. Will you please send by the 11 a. m. train about 25,000 rounds Sharps cavalry ammunition, 10,000 rounds Spencer, and 5,000 rounds Colt revolving rifle, and one day's rations for, say, 4,000 men. I will send down by first train such sick and wounded as we were able to bring along, and what is left of the infantry. If it is

