
frightened, and think they will return at or about the time of the election. This is a loyal county - has sent over 900 men into the army of the Union, and will give Lincoln a large majority in November. We have neither arms nor ammunition. If it is possible for you to send me some arms and ammunition I will place them in the hands of good men. By so doing, I think we will be able to protect ourselves. This must be done soon to enable us to accomplish anything. There was a large amount of shotguns, muskets, and powder captured and turned over to the brigade ordnance officer of the Second Brigade. Please send us the arms or send us men to protect the polls.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-fifth Kentucky and Recruiting Officer.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.

OCTOBER 29, 1864. - Skirmish at Nonconnah Creek, Tenn.

Report of Captain Joseph W. Skelton, Seventh Indiana Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH INDIANA CAVALRY,Camp Howard, October 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that being ordered to take command of twenty-four men and patrol the Pigeon Roost road as far as the Nonconnah Creek, I left camp (pursuant to orders issued from your headquarters) at 4 a. m. yesterday, and proceeded toward the creek, having one-THIRD of my command under the charge of a reliable sergeant in advance as an advance guard, with orders to send two men in the advance of him as his advance guard, and our men under the command of a non-commissioned officer as rear guard, one man well out on each flank as flankers. When within 200 yards of the creek, two men from the advance having crossed to the opposite side, I was fired upon from my right by the enemy, concealed in the briers and cane not more than five paces from the road, and they were so effectually concealed that it was impossible for me or the right flanker to see them, having left their horses on the south side of the creek. At the same time I was fired upon, my entire advance guard was cut off from me and captured; my rear guard was routed at the first fire. I ordered a charge, but soon discovered that it would insure the capture of the whole command. I then retreated across the high embankment on my left and halted. A part of my men could not get their horses over the embankment, but dashed back up the road through the enemy that were dismounted. I then discovered about ten horsemen ride out into the road in my rear, and charge my retreating men. The above-named horsemen were posted about 200 yards down the creek. My loss is 1 mortally wounded, 1 severely wounded in arm, and 10 men missing.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH W. SKELTON,

Captain Company F, Seventh Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel JOSEPH KARGE,

Commanding First Brigade, Second DIVISION of Cavalry.

