
passed Russellville, when the rear was attacked and men became panic-stricken. All efforts of myself and their officers to rally them was fruitless. They ran over everything. The enemy, who had not attacked vigorously at first, then charged and broke through our lines, capturing artillery and trains. Do not think we had 20 killed. I passed over the grounds in the enemy's rear. Did not see a dead Federal soldier; but, in horses, arms, and equipments, have lost heavily. Two hundred men will cover our loss. This command has heretofore fought gallantry. Had it not become panic-stricken could have easily repulsed the enemy and kept them back. I remained in our rear. Did not reach here until last night. Will reorganize command and await your orders; and, if you are willing to trust me, try them again. Had assistance been extended when asked for from the commander at Knoxville this disaster would not have occurred. But my men were allowed to starve while storehouses were full and a railroad running to Russellville.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

General Ammen reported he had sent re-enforcements to Gillem, and that they were in the fight at Morristown. I attribute disaster to want of co-operation, and in Gillem not considering himself subject to General Ammen's orders, Gillem's command being the Governor's Guard. General Hatch reports to-day that the movement of the enemy yesterday on the Waynesborough road was but a reconnaissance in force. Prisoner he captured confirms report, previously forwarded, that only one corps is yet across the Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Jacob Ammen, U. S. Army.

KNOXVILLE, November 14, 1864.

General Gillem was routed last night near Morristown, his cavalry running over the infantry I sent to support him, which, I fear, is captured. Breckinridge is said to be in command of 2,000 to 8. 000 -not reliable.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General STONEMAN.

KNOXVILLE, November 16, 1864.

Squads of the enemy's cavalry are passing round this place, possibly with the intention of cutting our communication. It is reported that the enemy are 5,000 strong. Should they cut our communications, would be glad to your assistance.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga.

