
practicable I would suggest the propriety of sending the Second Iowa Cavalry in the direction of Salem, as they would no doubt pick up many of our stragglers. Unless otherwise ordered by you, I will, as soon as I get everything away from this place, send the cavalry to White's Station. *

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General WASHBURN.

WHITE'S STATION, June 13, 1864.

Information is just received that some 2,000 of our men have reached the vicinity of Collierville, fighting their way. The effective force of my cavalry is getting ready to hurry to their assistance, and if you will authorize it, I will load a train now here with infantry and send it in conjunction with the cavalry.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General WASHBURN.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 24, 1864-8 p. m.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose the report of General Sturgis, of the expedition intrusted to him in June last, and invite a careful perusal of its contents and also of the accompanying documents. I do know that misfortunes may befall us all, and these are rendered more likely in wooded countries, with narrow roads and deep mud. He was dealing with a bold and daring foe, on fresh horses, familiar with the roads and by-paths, and perfectly unencumbered with trains. I consider a train of wagons reduces a command just one-half, for it cannot move without covering its train.

I am, with respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the expedition which marched from near La Fayette, Tenn., under my command, on the 2nd instant:

This expedition was organized and fitted our under the supervision of the major-general commanding the District of WEST Tennessee, and I assumed command of it on the morning of the 2nd of June, near the town of La Fayette, Tenn., in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 38, dated headquarters District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis, May 31, 1864, and which were received by me on the 1st instant.

The strength of the command in round numbers was about 8,000 men, and composed as follows:

Cavalry: First Brigade, Colonel G. E. Waring, Jr., Fourth Missouri, commanding; strength, 1,500. Second Brigade, Colonel E. F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa, commanding; strength, 1,800, with six pieces of artillery and four mountain howitzers. The DIVISION commanded by Brigadier General B. H. Grierson.

---------------

*See also Exhibit B, p. 218.

---------------

