
Colonel A. J. Brown, Major Deakins, Sergeant Pritchett, Company D, Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, and Captain William J. Patterson, Battery E, First Tennessee Light Artillery.

I also beg leave to call your attention to the uniform gallantry and good conduct of Captain Grisham, Lieutenant Carpenter, Douglas, French, Miller, and Nelson, of my staff.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General ANDREW JohnSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee.

Numbers 4. Reports of Major General John C. Breckinridge, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, November 17, 1864.

(Via Jonesborough 19th.)

Enemy, somewhat re-enforced, occupies very strong works on opposite side of the river. To-day we burned railroad bridge over Flat Creek between this point and Knoxville. Have been skirmishing with him since yesterday, but the number and composition of my troops will not justify an assault upon the works. Enemy is too near supports and we too far to run much hazard. Am a little uneasy about other end of the department. Hope General Echols has returned from Richmond. We still gather in prisoners from the late engagement, and have more flags, wagons, mules, &amp;c., than I at first reported.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

General R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENN.,Wytheville, Va., November 29, 1864.

COLONEL: When Brigadier-General Vaughn met a reverse near Morristown, Tenn., toward the last of October, he fell back to the east bank of the Watauga and the enemy made a corresponding advance. Thinking the enemy too close to Bristol, I collected a miscellaneous force, composed of Vaughn's and Duke's cavalry, some dismounted men of Cosby, Duke, and Giltner, and a few niter and mining men and East Tennessee reserves, amounting to about 1,800 men, with four 12-pounder and two 6-pounder howitzers, and moved forward to meet him. Colonel Palmer, from Asheville, N. C., afterward joined me with a mixed force of some 600 men. The force of the enemy was about 2,500 strong, with six pieces of artillery and a large wagon train. He retired before us to Lick Creek, and on the evening of the 11th of November, after a short engagement, his rear guard was driven by Duke's command into Bull's Gap.

An attack from the next morning was arranged as follows: The artillery under Major Page, with some dismounted cavalry as a support (the

