
WARRENSBURG, November 11, 1864-4 p. m.

One of my scouts met a small scout of the enemy this morning in the rear of the gap some ten miles, and captured 3 prisoners, who state that Gillem had halted in the gap, but knew nothing of you pursuing. I have started two regiments to the railroad in the vicinity of Russellville to make a demonstration to-night. I with the balance of my force will remain in this vicinity until I hear from them or from you. I started two couriers to you before these two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Captain SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Warrensburg, November 11, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

My entire command is encamped around this place. I arrived here at 1 o'clock. I met no enemy. I have sent 250 men to the rear at Russellville to make a demonstration on the gap. The creek is past fording, but think I can ford it by 12 o'clock to-night. I had to swim the parties that I sent to-day over the creek. One of my scouts met a scout of the enemy in the rear of Russellville, capturing 3 and running the others into the gap.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain SANDFORD.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,In the Field, November 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have withdrawn from the enemy's rear at Bull's Gap some four or five miles from the position I assumed. The firing ceasing on your front, I deemed it prudent to withdraw. I am here, and await further orders from you.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,New Market, November 15, 1864-6 p. m.

Inclosed find a note* from Colonel Bradford. I think the enemy may have run up several hundred negro troops, and probably some whites. They had no white troops at Knoxville only the Second Ohio. rumor says that the garrison from Cleveland came to Knoxville some time

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

