
ber, who were having their horses shod, and had been pillaging the town. Three guerrillas were captured and 2 badly wounded, said to be mortally; the 2 wounded ones made their escape. On the following day the captain started the three to me at this place, and about five miles, he states, from Bloomfield they tried to escape, and all of them were killed by the guards. Their remains were carried to Bloomfield the following day (or on the 6th instant) by citizens, who gave their names as follows: Tindle, Parkhurst, alias Jack Rabet, and Warford. The notorious Sue Mundy and Berry are said to be the ones who were wounded and made their escape. Sue's fine pipe fell a trophy to my men, and various other articles. Berry is now reported dead; that he died the day after the fight at Fairfield. I have sent men there for information. My rations ran out two days, ago, and I have been forced to subsist off of the citizens; sent for rations yesterday. There is no battery here for the telegraph office. Nothing more of importance. Will I go farther south soon?

I am, respectfully, yours,

SAMUEL MARTIN,

Major, Commanding Forces.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington, Ky.

P. S. - Send us a paymaster as soon as our regiment is paid off and discharged, if you please. Yours,

S. MARTIN,

Major.

NOVEMBER 6-8, 1864. - Expedition from Vicksburg, Miss., to Gaines' Landing and Bayou Macon, La.

Report of Colonel Embury D. Osband, THIRD U. S. Colored Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Vicksburg, November 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of orders from the major-general commanding I left Vicksburg at 11 p. m. the night of the 6th of November with 940 men, exclusive of officers, one section Bolton's battery, for Gaines' Landing, at which point I arrived at 11 a. m of the 8th. I here learned that General Shaler's brigade had gone to White River; that General Reynolds had also gone to White River, and that Earl's scouts had found the day before as strong force on Bayou Macon. I disembarked the THIRD U. S. [Colored Cavalry], Major Cook commanding, and sent him to Bayou Macon. He brought in some information but saw no enemy. I then purposed to scout up the river to Cypress Creek, but received information during the night that led me to believe the scout unnecessary. The swamps were full of water and knee deep in mud; the bayous were bank full, and if crossed must be swam; the whole country so overflowed that it seemed folly to attempt any movement. I therefore returned to this point with my whole command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Colonel 3d. U. S. Colonel Cav., Commanding Cav. Forces, Dist. of Vicksburg.

