
Infantry: First Brigade, Colonel A. Wilkin, Ninth Minnesota, commanding; strength, 2,000, with six pieces of artillery. Second Brigade Colonel G. B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, commanding; strength, 1,600, with four pieces of artillery. THIRD Brigade, Colonel E. Bouton, FIFTY-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding; strength, 1,200 with two pieces of artillery.

My supply train, carrying rations for eighteen days, consisted of 181 wagons, which, with the regimental wagons, made up a train of some 250 wagons.

My instructions were substantially as follows, viz: To proceed to Corinth, Miss., by way of Salem and Ruckersville, capture any force that might be there, then proceed south, destroying the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Tupelo and Okolona, and as far as possible toward Macon and Columbus, with a portion of my force, thence to Grenada and back to Memphis. A discretion was allowed me as to the details of the movement when circumstances might arise which could not have been anticipated in my instructions. Owing to some misunderstanding on the part of the quartermaster as the point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad at which some forage was to have been deposited from the cars there was some little delay occasioned in getting the column in motion.

The following incidents of the march are taken from the journal kept from day to day by one of my staff, Captain W. C. Rawolle, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general:

Wednesday, June 1. -Expedition started from Memphis and White's Station toward La Fayette.

Thursday, June 2. The general and staff left Memphis on the 5 a. m. train and established headquarters at Leake's house, near La Fayette, and assumed command. cavalry moved to the intersection of State Line and Early Grove roads, six miles from La Fayette. It rained at intervals all day and part of the night.

Friday, June 3. -Ordered the cavalry to move to within three or four miles of Salem. Infantry marched to Lamar, eighteen miles from La Fayette. Owing to the heavy rains during the day and the bad condition of the roads and bridges the train could only move to within four miles of Lamar, and did not get into part until 11 p. m., the colored brigade remaining with the train as a guard.

Saturday, June 4. -Informed General Grierson that the infantry and train under the most favorable circumstances could only make a few miles beyond Salem, and to regulate his march accordingly. Train arrived at Lamar about noon, issued rations to the infantry and rested the animals. It rained heavily until 1 p. m., making the roads almost impassable. Moved headquarters to the Widow Spight's house, two miles WEST of Salem, and Colonel Hoge's brigade of infantry to Robinson's house, four miles from Salem.

Sunday, June 5. -Infantry and train started at 4. 30 a. m. and joined the cavalry two miles east of Salem at 10 a. m. issued rations to the cavalry and fed the forage collected by them. Infantry remained in camp during the day. Cavalry moved to the intersection of the La Grange and Ripley and the Salem and Ruckersville roads. Colonel Joseph Karge, Second New Jersey, with 400 men, started at 6 p. m., with instructions to move, via Ripley, to Rienzi, to destroy the railroad; to proceed north, destroy bridge over Tuscumbia, and to join General Grierson at Ruckersville. Heavy showers during the afternoon.

Monday, June 6. -Infantry and train moved at 4 a. m. on the Ruckersville road. Commenced raining at 5 a. m. and continued at intervals all day. Progress very slow; marched thirteen miles and made headquarters at Widow Childers', at intersection of the Saulsbury and Ripley and the Ruckersville and Salem roads. Cavalry moved to Ruckersville. The advance guard of the infantry encountered a small party of rebels about noon and chased them toward Ripley on La Grange and Ripley road.

Tuesday, June 7. -Upon information received from General Grierson that there was no enemy near Corinth, directed him to move toward Ellistown on direct road from Ripley, and instruct Colonel Karge to join him by way of Blackland or Carrollville. Infantry moved to Ripley, and cavalry encamped on New Albany road, two miles south. Encountered a small party of rebels near Widow Childers' and drove them toward Ripley. In Ripley met an advance of the enemy and drove them on New

