
NOVEMBER 9-13, 1864. - Expedition from Memphis to Moscow, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John W. Noble, THIRD Iowa Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., November 13, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of your orders I proceeded, with 100 men, properly officered, from this brigade, out on the Germantown road on the morning of the 9th instant, at 4 o'clock, and on arriving at White's Station was joined by 500 men from the First Brigade, under command of Captain Fernald. Those of this brigade were under command of Major Spearman. Proceeding at once to Germantown, we found a picket of the enemy, which we drove in, capturing 2 - 1 wounded and left at the village. From the man captured I learn that the picket was that of the command of Colonel Denis (rebel), who had his headquarters below the Coldwater, in Mississippi, on the Pigeon Roost road. His force is one regiment and two battalions, in complete organization. They are the MISSISSIPPI Reserve Corps. Have not left MISSISSIPPI until week before last, when ordered up to burn the railroad between Moscow and White's Station, which was done between the 1st and 6th instant. The road is much injured. The whole of this force will not exceed 1,000, is armed with muskets, and has but little disposition to meet us out of Mississippi, at least. I advanced to Collierville and camped over night a mile beyond. Started the next morning at 4 o'clock and passed through La Fayette and Moscow. The brigade at Moscow was in good order. The river was high over the banks. I met many persons from La Grange and beyond, and became satisfied that there was no enemy at La Grange or as far out as Pocahontas. I therefore turned to the northwest, crossing the north fork of Wolf on a bridge made by our troops when last at Moscow, and came WEST on the lower La Grange road, called the old Raleigh road. I ascertained there was no force at Somerville, and little, if any, at Jackson; that Forrest was at Johnsonville, about to cross over; that Hood was crossing near Tuscumbia. I camped near Moscow, at night, at a man's named Scott. Just as we were going into camp Lieutenant Swift, of the rebel service, was arrested. I have good reason to believe Scott to be a strong rebel sympathizer, and took from him what property my command needed to feed the men and horses.

On Friday morning I again marched at 4 o'clock, capturing some straggling rebel soldiers on the road, and reached neighborhood of Raleigh at sunset, when we camped, and moved out the next morning at 4 o'clock crossed Wolf River by the ferry by noon, and came into camp on the afternoon of Saturday. I met with no loss.

The following are the namewift, lieutenant, Fifteenth Tennessee Cavalry; D. W. Jamieson, private, Company A, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry; E. A. Smith, private, Company C, Second Missouri Cavalry; G. P. Hart, private, Company D, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry; N. M. Vaughn, private, Company A, First MISSISSIPPI Reserve Corps; W. L. Sawyer, citizen, captured in the act of guarding E. A. Smith (above) to escape.

