
The command marched 125 miles; found the country abounding in forage. The weather was pleasant. Neither men nor horses suffered much.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel KARGE,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, District of WEST Tennessee.

NOVEMBER 10, 1864. - Scout near Memphis, Tenn.

Report of Captain Eldred Huff, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., November 11, 1864.

Major M. H. WILLIAMS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

MAJOR: Agreeable to the orders of Colonel Karge, of the 10th instant, I have the honor to report that I ordered out a scouting party on the evening of the 10th instant, with orders to examine minutely the premises indicated in Colonel Karge's orders and other placed in that vicinity. The result was the capture of 5 prisoners, supposed to be robbers. I ordered them sent to the Irving Block. Inclosed I send Captain Huff's report of his doings.

Your obedient servant,

J. H. PETERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment Brigade.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH IOWA CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., November 11, 1864.

I submit the following report regarding my proceeding last night: I moved at 7 p. m. from regimental headquarters on the old Raleigh road. When about three miles and a half from the pickets I crossed over the Germantown road. came back to within half a mile of the house designated in your order. Dismounted one platoon of men and sent them around in rear of the house. I then charged up in front with the other platoon. The rebels, six in number, attempted to escape by the rear, when the dismounted men fired upon them; they then turned to the front, when we fired upon them. Seeing they were surrounded they ran into the house, except one, whom made his escape. I then ordered those men out of the house and proceeded to search it; found one gun and one Colt revolver. I brought the men to camp and by your order sent to the Irving Block prison.

Respectfully, yours,

E. HUFF,

Captain, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Scouts.

Lieutenant-Colonel PETERS.

