
infantry began to arrive. Colonel Hoge's brigade was first to reach the field, and was placed in position by Colonel McMillen, when the enemy was driven a little. General Grierson now requested authority to withdraw the entire cavalry, as it was exhausted and well-night out of ammunition. This I authorized as soon as sufficient infantry was in position to permit it, and he was directed to reorganize his command in the rear and hold it ready to operate on the flanks. In the mean time I had ordered a section of artillery to be placed in position on a knoll near the little bridge, some 300 or 400 yards in rear, for the purpose of opposing any attempt of the enemy to turn our left. I now went to this point to see that my orders had been executed, and also to give directions for the management and protection of the wagon train. I found the section properly posted and supported by the Seventy-second Ohio Infantry, with two companies thrown forward as skirmishers, and the whole under the superintendence of that excellent officer, Colonel Wilkin, of the Ninth Minnesota. While here the head, of the wagon train, which had been reported still a mile and a half in rear, arrived. It was immediately ordered into an open field near where the cavalry were reorganizing, there to be turned round and carried farther toward the rear. The pressure on the right of the line was now becoming very great, and General Grierson was directed to send a portion of his cavalry to that point. At this time I received a message from Colonel Hoge that he was satisfied that the movement on the right was a feint, and that the real attack was being made on the left. Another section of artillery was now placed in position a little to the rear of Colonel Wilkin, but bearing on the left of our main line, and a portion of the cavalry was thrown out as skirmishers. The cavalry which had been sent to the extreme right began now to give way, and at the same time the enemy began to appear in force in rear of the extreme left, while Colonel McMillen required re- enforcements in the center. I now endeavored to get hold of the colored brigade, which formed the guard to the train. While traversing the short distance to where the head of that brigade should be found, the main line began to give way at various points. Orders soon gave way to confusion and confusion to panic. I sent an aide to Colonel McMillen, informing him that I was unable to render him any additional assistance, and that he must do all in his power with what he had to hold his position until I could form a line to protect his retreat. On reaching the head of the supply train Lieutenant-Colonel Hess was directed to place in position in a wood the first regiment of colored troops I could find. This was done, and it is due to those troops to say here that they stood their ground well and rendered valuable aid to Colonel McMillen, who was soon after compelled to withdraw from his original line and take up new position in rear. It was now 5 p. m. For seven hours these gallant officers and men had held their ground against overwhelming numbers; but at last, overpowered and exhausted, they were compelled to abandon not only the field, but many of their gallant comrades who had fallen, to the mercy of the enemy. Everywhere the army now drifted toward the rear, and was soon altogether beyond control. I requested General Grierson to accompany me, and to aid in checking the fleeing column and establishing a new line. By dint of entreaty and force, and the aid of several officers, whom I called to my assistance, with pistols in their hands, we at length succeeded in checking some 1,200 or 1,500 and establishing them in a line, of which Colonel Wilkin, Ninth Minnesota, was placed in command. About this time it was reported to me that Colonel McMillen was driving the enemy. I

