
Answer. I think he had a general knowledge of the facts resulting from the conversations we had, but probably not a full knowledge as to the number of troops left.

Question by the COURT. State as nearly as you can what knowledge he had on that point.

Answer. I cannot recollect. Busy with the details of and expedition so large as that, I would not pretend to recollect what knowledge General McDowell had. We talked, however, very fully over the details.

Question by the COURT. Did you, in your consultations to which General McDowell was a party, talk over the number of troops which would be left when you should move with the bulk of the army for the Peninsula?

Answer. Yes.

Question by the COURT. What was the largest number of troops suggested by any corps commander to be left to cover Washington and its dependencies? And in this connection state, if you can, the number proposed by General McDowell.

Answer. My recollection is that the suggestions as to the forces to be left varied from 40,000 to 50,000. I think General McDowell proposed the latter number. Of one think I am confident, that with the fact fresh in my mind I thought that I left more than suggested by any corps commander.

Question by General McDOWELL. After Jackson marched to attack General Banks did not forces leave Richmond to re-enforce him before he joined the enemy's main army, or had you not reliable information that such was the case, and did you not so report to the Government?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does the witness recollect if it was not one time, prior to his own embarkation at Alexandria, arranged or understood that General Sumner's corps should remain in front of Washington till we should learn the enemy's force at Gordonsville had fallen back and should be opposed by the corps first sent off?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you recollect if this was not the understanding up to the time you changed the order of embarkation and directed Sumner's corps of McDowell's?

Answer. I think it was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were the other cops commanders besides General McDowell advised or informed in any way by you as to the composition or number of the forces to be left for the defense of Washington?

Answer. They were not informed in writing and only in a general way in conversation. My recollection is that I talked over the matter with them individually and collectively.

Question by General McDOWELL. Will the witness please state if the force to be left in the Shenandoah Valley was counted in the number for the defense of Washington?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Can the witness state from memory about the strength of the command to be left in the Shenandoah Valley?

Answer. I cannot recall it, but the letter of instructions to General Banks, to which I have referred, will give full information on the whole subject.

Question by the COURT. Do you mean to be understood that one

