
press seemed filled with every species of abuse, attributing to him bad motives for not joining the Army of the Potomac.

A member stated it was not the province of the court to inquire into imputations on the part of the public by false accusations; but rather whether General McDowell's conduct has been such as to justify accusation.

General McDowell stated that the fact, if admitted by the court, would be all that he deemed necessary int he case.

General McDowell was informed that a statement, in writing, of this wishes on the subject would be received by the court.

Question by the COURT. At the consultation of corps commanders referred to by you did the force of 40,000 named by General Sumner or the garrisons of the forts and movable force of 25,000 agreed to in the resolution passed by the majority of the commanders in any way include the force in the Shenandoah Valley?

Answer. It did not.

Question by the COURT. Did you or do you consider the force that was then or afterward in the Shenandoah Valley as properly applicable to the defense of Washington and to be properly included in the number which were to be left for said defense in obedience to the inquiry of the President?

Answer. I did not consider that force as properly applicable to the defense of Washington at that discussion myself.

A paper (or slip) was read by the recorder and handed the witness, which is appended to proceedings of this day, and marked A.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness examine this slip and see if it is the rough of the resolution adopted by the corps commanders at Fairfax Court-House at the time in question?

Answer. It is.

Question by the COURT. Was General McClellan present at the consultation where this resolution was adopted?

Answer. He was present in the same house, and in and out of the room several times while the discussion was going on, and it was announced and made known to him at the time at his headquarters, Fairfax Court-House.

General McDowell having been summoned to attend the court-martial in the case of General Fitz John Porter as a witness, the court adjourned until to-morrow, December 13, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

A.

That with the forts on the right bank of the Potomac fully garrisoned and those on the left bank occupied a covering force in front of the Virginia line of 25,000 men would suffice.

KEYES.

HEINTZELMAN.

McDOWELL.

A total of 40,000 men for the defense of the city would suffice.

SUMNER.

