
TWENTY-FIRST DAY.*

COURT-ROOM, Numbers 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET,

Washington, D. C., December 15, 1862.

* * * * * *

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp and chief of staff to Major-General McDowell, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State what orders were given by General McDowell concerning the fences around some wheat fields near the Lacy house in April or May last.

Answer. Finding them in a condition that endangered the growing crops of wheat, the general ordered them to be restored. I think it was by Colonel Wyndham, commanding cavalry regiment. There was another case in that vicinity where the fences were ordered to be restored by some of General King's division that was encamped near the place. I remember another order that was given to General McCall to restore the fences of a colored man, I think, in the neighborhood of his camp. None others occur to me now.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was there any wood near at hand to these wheat fields or to the cabin of the colored man which could have been used for fuel by the troops?

Answer. An abundance.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Were any orders given to General Shields' division, or any part of it, requiring them to rebuild fences, or to return to near the Lacy house, when they had marched away from it, for this purpose?

Answer. I have no knowledge of any such order having been given.

The court took a recess for thirty minutes.

General McDowell here requested that the following official papers be laid before the court; which papers were read by Colonel Schriver, the witness under examination, and are appended to the proceedings of this day and in the following order:+

1. From Major-General McDowell to P. H. Watson, Assistant Secretary of War, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, opposite Fredericksburg, May 11, 1862.

2. From Major-General Shields to E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, dated Headquarters Shields' division, Fredericksburg, May 24, 1862.

3. From E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell, at Fredericksburg, dated War Department, Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

4. From Major-General McDowell to E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, dated same, May 25, 1862.

5. From E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell, dated War department, Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

6. From E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell, at Falmouth, dated War Department, Washington, May 25, 1862.

7. From Major-General McDowell to Secretary of War, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 25, 1862.

8. From Major-General McDowell to Secretary of War, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 25, 1862.

9. From E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell, dated United States Military Telegraph, War Department, Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

10. From E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell, at Fredericksburg, dated War Department, Washington City, D. C., May 25, 1862.

11. From E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell, at Falmouth, dated Washington, May 25, 1862.

12. From Major-General McDowell to Secretary of War, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 25, 1862.

13. From Major-General McDowell to Secretary of War, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 25, 1862.

---------------

*On the twentieth day, December 13 the court met and immediately adjourned, Major-General McDowell being detained as a witness in the Fitz John Porter trial.

---------------

+Omitted from appendix. They will appear in chronological order in "Correspondence, etc.," Part III.

