
TWENTY-THIRD DAY.

COURT-ROOM, SW. COR. PA. AVE. AND FOURTEENTH ST.,

Washington, D. C., December 17, 1862.

* * * * * *

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long have you served under General McDowell and what commands have you held under him?

Answer. I have served about a year under General McDowell; first as commander of a brigade, afterward as command of a division.

Question by General McDOWELL. At the time your division was opposite Fredericksburg, in April and May last,how was it posted? Who was governor of Fredericksburg, and what were the duties which were devolved on you, as commander of the division, with reference to passes to and from the town?

Answer. One brigade of my division was posted in Fredericksburg. Three on this side of the river, opposite the town. General Patrick was the acting military governor. I don't recollect that I had special instructions on the subject of passes to and from the town, though there was an order on the subject, the terms of which I do not now recollect.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What knowledge have you of a man named Little, said to be a rebel adjutant?

Answer. I recollect a man by that name, whom I supposed then, and still suppose, to be a private citizen of Fredericksburg. He was frequently at my headquarters, and I understood, either from him or some friend of his, that he had been in the militia of Virginia some months previous, but was not so any longer. I think he told me so himself.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you recollect if any report was made to you by Peleg Clarke of Little's being a spy and asking you to have him arrested or of his being a rebel adjutant then in the service?

Answer. No, sir; except that he told me that Little was or had been a rebel adjutant.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was any report made to you from General Patrick concerning this Little of his being a spy or rebel officer?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. State what was done with the growing grain (wheat) which was in the fields near Chatham house, and which had been protected by General McDowell whilst his headquarters were opposite Fredericksburg.

Answer. The instructions, I recollect, were to protect the growing crops in our neighborhood, and the reason assigned was that we should need the wheat if the rebels didn't.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was the wheat in those fields harvested for the Government?

Answer. I think it was, but am not sure.

Question by General McDOWELL. State the effect on the discipline of the troops of General McDowell's orders and the policy pursued by him with reference to marauding or taking property without authority.

Answer. The effect upon the troops was excellent, and the policy, in my judgment, the best that could have been pursued.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was a supposed change in that policy the source of any falling off in the discipline?

