
Answer. Yew, sir; very great and serious.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was that falling off in discipline the cause of any representation to the then commanding general? If so, what was the effect of that representation?

Answer. I don't distinctly recollect what the representation made was. My impression is that it led to such orders as made a change for the better, but am not certain.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know if the arrival near your division of troops more abundantly provided than they were with wagons, tents, &amp;c., was the cause of any remark or feeling with reference to the allowances made to your division:

Answer. It was.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What do you know of Peleg Clarke, at Fredericksburg, in connection with the presence of our army at that place, and in reference to rebel mails and illicit trade said to be authorized or permitted at that place, and with reference to his own connection with the property of the rebel army left by it in Fredericksburg?

Answer. I knew Mr. Peleg Clarke, and when I first went to Fredericksburg he was represented to me as one of the three or four Union men in that town. I don't recollect that he had any connection with the rebel mails or illicit trade. I do remember on the day we entered Fredericksburg that my quartermaster was directed to proceed to the railroad station and seize some grain said to be there and belonging to the rebel Government. He reported to me that he found 20,000 bushels of corn in sacks, marked "C. S. A.," which I directed him to take and use for forage for our army. This Mr. Clarke soon afterward claimed 2,000 bushels of that corn. I referred the question to my quartermaster, Captain Robinson, and directed him to investigate the claim, which he did, and reported to me.

The witness was here interrupted by a member, who stated, in substance, that the statement of the quartermaster on this point is not competent testimony.

The court was cleared, and the objection of the member sustained.

The witness continued.

I was about stating my knowledge of the last clause of the question when I was interrupted, my knowledge of the facts being derived from that report, which I believe is an official paper, in writing, and may be found.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness please explain more fully his answer to the question as to what was done with the growing wheat near Chatham house?

Answer. I stated, I think, that we were directed to protect it; that if the rebels did not need it we would. I meant by that to say, and so understood it at the time, that we were to protect it for our own use.

Question by the COURT. Are you remember whether or not Peleg Clarke

made any communication to you in regard to Little?

Answer. I think he did. I think he told me that Little was or had been an adjutant in the rebel service.

Question by the COURT. Are you able to say whether or not, after an interview between you and Peleg Clarke, you did not refer him to General McDowell?

Answer. My recollection is not distinct about that, though I think it is quite likely that I did refer him to General McDowell, as my commanding officer.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State what orders, if any, were given by General McDowell for the guidance of his officers in respect to the admission of disloyal citizens into and out of his lines.

