
Answer. I can't remember precisely the orders given. I can only state my general impression from the instructions we had; these were that no disloyal citizens should be permitted to come within our lines.

Question by the COURT. Do you know any matter or thing tending to show that General McDowell, as a general officer, has been treacherous or inattentive to his duties, or wanting in reasonable discretion or personal bravery, or delinquent in the proper disposition of his troops for battle, or in using earnest efforts to co-operate with his brother commanders? If you answer in the affirmative in respect to either of these particulars, then state what you know on the subject fully, as though you were specifically interrogated.

Answer. All I know of General McDowell, all that I've seen of him during the year's service under his command, has satisfied me entirely of his zeal, fidelity to the Government, and devotion to duty. I have seen him under fire, and have no doubt as to his personal courage, his skill in the disposition of this troops, and his readiness to co-operate with any and every officer associated with him in the armies of the Republic. I know no matter or thing tending to show the contrary.

Question by the COURT. Have you information of any matter or thing (not within your personal knowledge) tending to inculpate General McDowell in either of the particulars specified in the foregoing interrogatory, and which, in your judgment, is entitled to the consideration of the court? If you have, please communicate that information in writing to the recorder for the consideration of the court.

Answer. None whatever, sir.

Question by the COURT. Does the court understand you to state that you have no knowledge that any disloyal citizen was ever permitted to pass into or from our lines while General McDowell was in command at or near Fredericksburg?

Answer. I don't recollect. I don't think I can give a positive answer to the question.

Brigadier General JAMES S. WADSWORTH, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What is your rank in the United States service?

Answer. Brigadier-general of volunteers.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What official relations have you had with General McDowell since you have been in the United States service?

Answer. I served on his staff as a volunteer aide from 29th June till 9th August, 1861 and from 9th August to 15th March I commanded a brigade in his division.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What was General McDowell's conduct as division commander? Did he pay unusual attention to the instruction of his division? How was he as to its discipline and police? How as to the administrative duties of the division?

Answer. It was my impression at the time, form what I saw of other divisions near us, that General McDowell's division drilled quite as much as any and much more than some, and the general himself gave a great deal of attention to the drills, the police, and the discipline of his division.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What was General McDowell's conduct toward the inhabitants of the country whilst he was division commander, either as respects themselves or their property?

Answer. As respects their persons, he protected non-combatants from disturbance or molestation by the soldiers as far as possible. As respects their property, he took a large amount of forage for the public service at the time when it was needed-much needed-paying loyal citizens in money, and giving to those of questionable loyalty

