
verbal or written assurances that they would be paid after the war if they were loyal from that time on. He did not allow marauding by soldiers.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was the same policy or conduct continued by him whilst he commanded the Department of the Rappahannock?

Answer. As far as I know.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What position and command have you had in the service since you were relieved from General McDowell's division?

Answer. From the 15th March up to about the 20th or 25th of November I have been military governor of the District of Columbia, and for the first three or four months of that time in command of the troops assigned for the defense of the capital.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Were you not under General McDowell's command whilst the Department of the Rappahannock existed?

Answer. I was.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What was General McDowell's conduct whilst in command of the Department of the Rappahannock with reference to the efficiency and mobility of his army and his conduct in preparing his command for active service?

Answer. It appeared to me that he exhibited great activity in preparing for the field. I cannot answer the other question. My command was not intended from the field.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State if your official position and connection with the Government and your personal relations with General McDowell were such at the time as to enable you to know or to give you good grounds for judging as to General McDowell's having or not, in April last, sought, induced, or procured the separation of his army corps form the Army of the Potomac with a view to having a separate command for himself; and, if so, whether or not the retention of the corps was, to the best of your knowledge and belief, sought, induced, or procured by him or was made by the Government for public reasons based on the representations of others?

Answer. I can only say that, form General McDowell's declarations to me, his separation from the Army of the Potomac was a matter of serious regret to him, and from what I saw when he received intelligence of the organization of the Department of Rappahannock from the Secretary of War it was a surprise to him.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What was the force, what was its composition and character, which was left under your command for the defenses of the city of Washington by General McClellan at the time he embarked, in April, 1862, for the Peninsula, and what drafts were ordered from the force by him at that time?

Answer. About the 2nd of April, the time of this embarkation, my report shows that I had between 19,200 and 19,400 effective men under my command. This embraced six companies of cavalry mounted, and no light artillery fit for service. I can give other details from my reports, which I can lay before the court if they desire it. I had received orders at that time to dispatch four of the best regiments from that force to the Army of the Potomac. I received orders likewise to send 4,000 men to Manassas to relieve General Sumner. I considered this force, however, as part of the force for the defense of the capital, and was part of the aforementioned 19,000 and odd men. The troops under a command for this purpose were the newest and least effective from the Army of the Potomac.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State if your personal relations to General McDowell have been such as to enable you to know as to his

8 R R-VOL XII

