
(Which letter the witness read, and is appended to this day's proceedings and marked B.)

The witness read a letter to Captain Willard, acting quartermaster, which is appended to this day's proceedings and marked C.

The witness continued:

Here is a letter directed to a quartermaster to get corn from certain farms.

(Which letter is appended to this day's proceedings and marked D.)

The witness continued:

Similar letters were written to other quartermasters; also a letter to General Patrick, directing the examination of certain reported pressed hay.

(Which letter is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked E.)

The witness continued:

The letters I hold, written by myself, I will read as part of my answer to the question propounded.

(The letters were read by the witness, and are appended to this day's proceedings and marked F, G, H, and I.)

The witness continued:

As far as I have returns for there were taken 682,895 pounds of corn, 12,416 pounds of oats, 19,674 pounds of hay, 13,850 pounds of fodder, and 5 mules.

There was of this corn taken 147,702 pounds marked "Confederate States," taken from the store-house of Peleg Clarke, and certificate given by Captain J. Springstead, assistant quartermaster, and 99,272 pounds corn marked "Confederate States," taken from store-house of Peleg Clarke, and certificate given by same person, Captain Springstead. I think claim was made on me for nearly all these stores. None were paid for, however, as far as my knowledge goes. Payment was refused on the ground of their being rebels, antagonistic to the Government. Payment was always refused to disloyal persons, on the ground that they were disloyal. Mr. Clarke never made any claim on me for payment. He was known to me by sight, but never spoke to me.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You say you refused payment to Mr. Clarke for his claim on account of property taken from his storehouse marked "Confederate States;" on what ground did you so refuse?

Answer. I did not so state. Mr. Clarke never called upon me for payment.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did Mr. Clarke, as far as you know, ever call on any of your subordinates for payment for the Confederate corn found in his store-house?

The court was cleared at the instance of member.

The court was opened and the following decision announced:

The question is immaterial and is excluded. The court has already decided that evidence will not be received to contradict the testimony of Mr. Clarke on matters wholly collateral, nor to impeach him except by proof of general character, and not of particular parts of his conduct. It is desired that this decision will not be overlooked in propounding question to the witness.

The court had no questions to ask this witness.

General McDowell here submitted to the court a book containing official letters emanating from the Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, form which book the recorder read the letters dated and marked as follows, copies of which are to be appended to the proceedings of this day.*

1. From General McDowell to General James Shields, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, opposite Fredericksburg, May 25, 1862.

2. From Lieutenant-Colonel Schriver, chief of staff, to Major General E. O. C. Ord.

---------------

*Omitted form appendix, to appear in chronological order in

"Correspondence, etc.," Part III.

---------------

