
eral Sigel shall fight his own corps." I said nothing and marched to Manassas, but I thought that this was a great mistake. This is what I have to say about that point. I must, although unwillingly, add that after the battle of Bull Run, induced by this remark of General McDowell, I refused to have any private conversation with General McDowell, but to receive only his official communications.

In regard to this point-going to their aid-I have no special point which I could mention.

In regard to personal courage or discretion in battle or in regard to the disposition of his troops, I had no opportunity to gain knowledge of General McDowell as to his personal courage or discretion. I was not in his own immediate neighborhood during the battle.

In regard to the disposition of his troops for attack or defense I had not opportunity enough to form a judgment.

What relates to this point, "otherwise unfaithful or inefficient as a general officer," my relations with General McDowell were only of a short duration. I only saw that he was an officer of great learning and military knowledge. I have given the facts independent from the general coherence of military operations, which may naturally modify my own judgment. I think I have now answered the question.

I would like to make an explanation with regard to my movement after having formed in line of battle between Gainesville and Manassas. By saying that it was a mistake, I meant to say that the troops lost time in marching and counter-marching to come to the same point, nearly, on the evening, which they left at noon, in compliance with the orders of General McDowell.

The testimony of the witness was read by the recorder, when he stated as follows:

The division of General Reynolds was on the 29th near our left wing, command by General Schenck, but I do not know whether they had taken any action on that day and whether they had been ordered to attack the enemy. The troops of General McDowell, who came from the Centreville road when it was nearly ark, were, as much as I could distinguish, those of General King, which troops had fought on the evening before at or near Groveton.

The court adjourned to meet on Monday, December 22, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

TWENTY-SEVENTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., December 22, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, * * * and Major General FRANZ SIGEL, U. S. Volunteers, the witness under examination.

The proceedings of the preceding day were read by the recorder and approved by the court, when General Sigel asked permission to make additional remarks respecting his testimony of preceding day, which was granted by the court.

I take liberty to say that I felt exceedingly of the attack made on General King's division on that evening by the enemy, on the 28th, under such circumstances, because this division had to fight alone, whilst it could have been supported by my corps at the right time. I thought that these troops of General King became unnecessarily exposed. I further forgot to say in my record what was reported to have been said by General Milroy regarding his asking assistance from General McDowell, as is contained in the official report of General Milroy.

Question by the COURT. Was General Milroy in your command?

Answer. Yes.

Question by the COURT. Did General Milroy communicate to you the matter referred to in his report; and, if so, when and where?

Answer. General Milroy did not report to me this fact himself except in his official report after the battle.

