
The witness was asked by the court if he had any further remarks to make on the record of this testimony of the preceding day, to which he replied:

Answer. I have nothing to say at present.

Question by the COURT. Where were you when you received an order from General Pope placing you and your corps under command of General McDowell and where was General McDowell?

Answer. I believe I received that order after my arrival at Warrenton, where I found General McDowell, and reported to him in his tent. I remember that he wished me to stat the strength of my troops.

Question by the COURT. Did you report to General McDowell when you found him in his tent in pursuance of such order, and did he give orders to you, as your immediate commander, agreeably to the order of General Pope?

Answer. Whether the order attaching my corps to the corps of General McDowell came directly from General Pope to me or from General McDowell I don't remember very well, but I found the order in my book, so that I know it was given me. I reported to him, as much as I remember, because he directed me to do so. I remember that when we were together (General McDowell and myself) conversing about our situation and that the enemy had marched to Manassas, he questioned me whether it was not good to march to Salem with our troops; whereupon I proposed to march to Gainesville with the whole army, so as to come between Jackson and Longstreet. General McDowell approved, and said that he would report to General Pope in regard to this movement. During the day I read a telegraphic dispatch from General Pope, wherein he said that General McDowell should execute the movement proposed by him (General McDowell). I afterward received the order by General McDowell to march to Buckland Mills, on the road to Gainesville. Whether it was a written or verbal order I cannot remember.

Question by the COURT. On what day did you send to General Pope to get orders to march to Centreville? Where were you at that time?

Answer. It was on the 28th of August, at noon, when my advance guard, under General Milroy, had arrived at Manassas Junction, and the main force was near Bethlehem Church. I sent my adjutant to Manassas Junction to gain knowledge about matters there and to report to General Pope, to tell him where we were. The adjutant came back with a verbal order of General Pope's. (I must add that I proposed to General Pope to march to New Market instead of Manassas, for the enemy had left Manassas.)

Question by the COURT. If you were then under the command of General McDowell, why did you not send to him.

Answer. I knew about the position of the corps of General McDowell, and I sent my adjutant forward because I did not know anything that was going on at Manassas.

The recorder was instructed to repeat the question.

Answer. It was not my intention to send for orders but for my adjutant to see what was going on in front, and to report to General Pope where we were. I supposed General McDowell knew that we were on our way to Manassas, and I thought it was unnecessary to send to him.

Question by the COURT. Did you furnish General McDowell with a statement, orally or in writing, in answer to his application to you for information as to the strength of your corps?

Answer. As much as I know, I did immediately, in writing.

Question by the COURT. When did General Longstreet join General Jackson, and where, by what route? What did General McDowell omit to do, which he could and ought to have done, to prevent such junction?

Answer. When we arrived at Gainesville with the corps, after a skirmish at buckland Mills, between Warrenton and Gainesville, we made about 300 prisoners, and

