
ceive a report when I sent different officers that General McDowell had really arrived on my left. Now, if this corps of General McDowell's had advanced toward Groveton and continued the movement they must have come into the rear and on the right flank of the enemy. I do not know what orders the division of General Reynolds had and what they did. My opinion is that they did not understand their task-to attack the enemy in his right flank or in his rear. I also am of the opinion that if the division of General King had been united with that of General Reynolds on that same day at noon or in the afternoon, that is, if 15,000 men had marched forward against the right flank of the enemy, he must have been routed.

Question by the COURT. At what hour did General McDowell arrive with his troops on the battle-field on the 29th? Where had he passed the preceding night, and at what distance from the battle-field?

Answer. I speak, in answering, about the division of General King. I supposed that this division, after the fight, had remained on the field at the place where the fight was on the night of the 28th. I supposed that these troops were, on the morning of the 29th, about 5 or 6 miles from the battle-field of the 29th and not more, and as I did not know, and do not now, which road they had taken, and supposed that they should have taken the shortest road to the battle-field, which was about 5 or 6 miles, I did not and cannot understand why they arrived on the battle-field at sunset on the 29th. I supposed that the division of General King had remained where they were on the night of the 28th, and I did not know where the division of General Reynolds was.

Question by the COURT. If General McDowell's troops had come from New Market, on your left, on the 29th, what would have been the result? What did General McDowell omit to do, which he ought to have done and could have done, to obtain a personal knowledge of the affairs of your corps on the 29th.

Answer. In regard to the first part of this question, I think that Jackson could hardly resist and attack in front, especially when General Heintzelman's troops, under Generals Hooker and Kearny, had arrived. I believe that Jackson wanted all his men to protect himself in front and on his left, and that therefore he cannot have had many troops or a sufficient number of troops oppose an attack of General McDowell, and therefore he could have been routed or forced at least to give up his position. In regard to the second part of the question, I think that it was the duty of General McDowell to gain a personal knowledge of the position of my troops and of the extension of the battle-field, so as to be able to give his own corps the necessary directions. I would have gone to him personally, but could not leave the battle-field, and, as much as I remember, sent an officer to General McDowell, who could not find him. I do not know whether it was possible for General McDowell to have come personally to the battle-field, but I think it would have been of advantage to our operations. I do not remember that General McDowell was, and I received news that General McDowell would be at Centreville, in some house, of which the name I do not remember. I do not remember that he sent to me on the 29th and 30th, except what I have stated in regard to of my connection with General McDowell's troops on the 29th. On the 29th or 30th I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Deans [Deems] to the left to see what troops were there and left, but the latter was made a prisoner, and the other was also nearly made a prisoner, and lost one or two of his orderlies.

Question by the COURT. Where were Heintzelman's troops, under Kearny and Hooker, at the time that you were in line of battle on the 29th, and when General McDowell came from the direction of Centreville, in your rear, instead of New Market, on your left?

Answer. I do not know and did not know where they were.*

Question by the COURT. What force was opposed to Jackson at the time when McDowell approached from Centreville, in your rear, so that Jackson would have been unable to oppose him had McDowell approached on your left from New Market?

Answer. Between 5 and 6 o'clock in the evening, when General King's division, which I suppose it was, came from the rear, our line was formed of the following troops,

---------------

*See p. 131.

---------------

