
swer to unimportant matters, not in his judgment bearing on the subject of our operations, but which he refers to in connection with the question as to the cause of this refusing private conversation with General McDowell; were these matters such as to irritate and influence the witness in his personal feelings toward General McDowell? If so, will the witness please state them?

Answer. There was no point in my whole communication with General McDowell which I can say irritated me, but I regarded expression used by General McDowell toward two of my staff officers as a personal insult to me, and therefore I thought that it was due to my honor to make him understand that I felt this insult or impropriety of conduct toward a general officer. All matters of a military character which may have influenced my judgment in regard to General McDowell as a commanding officer I do not believe to this personal affair. I think that is the substance of the question answered.

The court was cleared at the instance of member.

The court was opened, when the following was read by the recorder:

The court desires the witness to state whether there were or were not any other incidents which irritated or influenced his feeling against General McDowell than those already named by him. The witness can answer "Yes" or "No."

Answer. Well then I answer "Yes".

Question by General MCDOWELL. What are the causes of bias in your mind?

Answer. I stated two reasons which I regard as personal. I will now state some reasons which induce me to believe that General McDowell did not like to co-operate with me. These reasons formed my judgment in regard to the political and military character of General McDowell at that time, when we were operating together, but I have given to this judgment a proper expression when I said that I did not think General McDowell a traitor, as there are many things in military operations which cannot be explained fully unless we know all the circumstances connected with them. I will now give the different instances which were occupying my mind before and after the operations with General McDowell.

I hope the court will allow me to state all these instances in chronological order and as short as possible.

1st. When I was at Winchester and General Fremont at Mount Jackson and Port Republic I could not perceive why the corps of General McDowell did not assist better the troops under General Fremont, and that Jackson was allowed to overcome General Shields and to go to Richmond to fight against General McClellan.

2nd. When our troops had arrived at Culpeper, on the day of the battle at Cedar Mountain, after a march of one day and one night, and were unable to march 7 miles farther to assist General Banks, I was of the opinion that General McDowell's troops were at Culpeper before, and I did not understand why they did not assist General Banks on that day, and why he had to fight alone with 9,000 men against 25,000, the battle resulting almost in the destruction of General Banks' corps. I thought also that General Pope and General McDowell must have been informed of the strength of General Jackson, as I had sent a letter to General Pope from Madison Court-House or Sperryville stating that Jackson was advancing against Culpeper with 25,000 men.

3rd. When at Waterloo Bridge I was under the supposition that General McDowell would support my corps, at least protect my right wing, according to a letter received from General Pope. As this was not done, and as General Roberts, chief of staff of General Pope, had expressly told me that the cavalry of General McDowell would be on my right, and as I, under the supposition, sent away nearly my whole cavalry to Sulphur Springs, exposing thereby my own position, and as I afterward found out this cavalry was 4 or 5 miles behind me and not on my right, I thought that something must be wrong in this matter, either by neglect or otherwise.

4th. i have already stated in my evidence matters in regard to the movements of General McDowell's troops which I also could not well explain to myself. These circumstances, in connection with the old remembrance of Fredericksburg and the first battle of Bull Run, did not contribute to give me full and undivided confidence in Major-General McDowell, but I must also declare that this is only an individual opinion, which I never and under no circumstances have proclaimed and defended publicly, for the simple reason that I had not the true knowledge of all these matters in their connection with higher authorities, and as I have not to this day read an official report which could give me satisfaction. I was never irritated against General McDowell,

