
and maintained in private conversation with my friends that I was not, and I would not like to belong to that class of men who take the misfortune of a man as treason or intentional malignity, and that the people [are] ordinarily more led by sudden impressions in regard to military operations than by clear understanding of the case. I have to add, as a proof to this, that under no circumstances I neglected to hold communication with General McDowell and to execute all orders given me.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness please explain what he means by "Fredericksburg," which he refers to as a cause of bias, and by what the words "political character," as connected with General McDowell?

Answer. In regard to "Fredericksburg" I mean that General McDowell was at one time at Fredericksburg, according to my knowledge, when General McClellan was near Richmond. It was said that General McDowell could have assisted General McClellan in his movement against Richmond, and I did never hear for what reason that it was not done. Under "political character," I meant that if I though all his military acts as intentional he could be called a traitor to his country, but as I had no proof of such an intention I did not regard him as a traitor. This is why I spoke about his political character.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated that an order from General Pope attached your corps to the corps of General McDowell after the engagements at Freeman's Ford, Sulphur Springs, and Waterloo, and that you regarded yourself under his orders form this time until after the battle of Bull Run. Have you not stated in your official report of September 16, 1862, of the operations of your corps in the late campaign in Virginia, that you were under General McDowell's command from the time of your arrival at Waterloo?

Answer. I must say that in giving my evidence on this point that I was not very much certain when I got the order from General Pope, and in writing my official report I did not think it of much importance. It may be that I have received the order at Waterloo Bridge, but I am not certain. What I said in my official report I thought was true.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated in regard to the connection between your corps and that of general McDowell that General Pope wrote to you that General McDowell would support you at Waterloo Bridge, but that you did not see any troops of General McDowell there for some miles from that point. What day was this, and how far were these troops of General McDowell from Waterloo at the time to which you refer?

Answer. I believe I received a dispatch from General Pope on the 24th at Sulphur Springs, or on the 25th of August at Waterloo Bridge. On these two days I supposed that the troops of General McDowell were at Warrenton, about 10 miles I think, and on the 25th a brigade of cavalry was between Warrenton and Waterloo Bridge; such at least is my recollection.

Question by General MCDOWELL. With reference to the connection of the First and Third Corps at Waterloo, as related by you, have you not stated in your official report, which has appeared in the public papers, that when you retreated under cover of the night of the 25th of August from Waterloo to Warrenton there were no troops within 8 or 10 miles of you at the time, except the cavalry of General Buford?

Answer. Certainly, that I have stated; but whether it was the cavalry of General Buford or that of General Bayard I cannot say.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you not know, or were you not informed, that there was a division of General McDowell's corps between you and Warrenton, and did not General Roberts report to you that General Ricketts' division would support you? This on your retreat from Waterloo Bridge or preceding that retreat?

Answer. I am not aware of that, because I had sent three or four times during the

