
day officers and mounted orderlies from Waterloo Bridge to Warrenton to see if any troops were on the roads, and they did not find any; so at least they reported to me. I must, however, state that I personally did not take the direct road from Waterloo Bridge to Warrenton that night of the 25th. This road was taken by the division of General Schurz and the brigade of General Milroy. I marched with General Schenck's division across the fields to strike the Warrenton turnpike; arrived at the joining point or crossing point of the roads, I let pass all my troops toward Warrenton and waited for the rear guard of General Milroy. As soon as they had arrived I rode to Warrenton. I did see no troops of General McDowell's on my way except a large wagon train, which was said to belong to the cavalry. General Roberts told me that I would be supported, but I do not know whether he spoke about General Ricketts' division. I told him that I hoped that at least the cavalry would come on my right.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You state that at Waterloo Bridge, on that same day you arrived there, you received an order through General McDowell one page of which was missing, so that you did not know what your orders were. Did you not state in your official report that you received this order or dispatch from General McDowell? State also where this order or dispatch was written or by whom signed, and to what did it seem to relate, and in what way or to what extent General McDowell was concerned in it or connected with it, otherwise than to furnish the means of its being transmitted to you.

Answer. As much as I remember I received the order through General McDowell, and I really do not know whether it was signed by General McDowell or General Pope or one of their officers, or whether it was signed at all. My impression is that it was signed, and I believe by a staff officer of General Pope. I do not know whether the order was written at Warrenton or Warrenton Junction. As I was greatly surprised and embarrassed I showed the order immediately to General Schenck, as I did not like to take alone the responsibility, and with the intention to show him in what form I received the papers. These papers consisted of two sheets of yellow paper; one of the papers was addressed to General Banks and was finished. In this paper General Banks was asked why he did not send any information, or that he should send information. The other sheet contained only a few lines, with no address, and no commencing lines or introduction. Something was said about my pontoon train, order; that one sheet was missing, which must have contained the principal points. I sent this order as it was to General Banks, to hear what was his opinion about my movements, whilst I also sent to General Pope and to General McDowell to Warrenton to receive an explanation. The officer who was sent there came back in the evening, and said to me that he could not get any instructions from General McDowell and that he could not find General Pope, and had to go to Warrenton Junction. The officer's name was, as I remember, Major Fish, on the staff of General Schenck. Whether he brought me the final order from General Pope to march to Warrenton I cannot say with certainty.

A piece of yellow tissue paper was here laid before the witness which is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked L. H. P.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What kind of yellow paper was it on which the order was given; like this now before you or it a thick yellow paper?

Answer. I think it was a thin paper like this. I did not make a thorough investigation of the paper, but think it was a thin paper. I am almost sure it was a thin paper.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You state you received at the entrance of the town of Warrenton a dispatch form and officer of General McDowell, in which it was said that you should force with your corps the passage of the bridge at Waterloo that same morning. State, as far as you know, what connection General McDowell had with that dispatch other than that the officer who carried it to you was on his staff.

Answer. I do not know any other connection General McDowell had with this order.

Question by General McDowell. Do you know he had any connection with it?

Answer. No, except that his officer brought the order to me. I did not ask him.

