
spoken, I expected that General McDowell would tell my officer whom I had sent to him what were his instructions and how I should move, so as I should direct myself according to his movement; and when this movement was past, and I had received orders by General Roberts to stay at Waterloo Bridge, he promised me assistance from General McDowell, at least by his cavalry, which I did not receive, although I had no cavalry with me, because I had sent mine to Sulphur Springs, to prevent the enemy to come into my rear and on my flank. When I say I had no cavalry, I mean no cavalry except the small force mentioned in my official report. There are therefore two points which have a tendency to this question. First, that I was not relived, and could therefore not march to Fayetteville, as I could have done. Second, that what General Roberts promised to me was not fulfilled. There is another dispatch of General Pope, which I, as much as I remember, received at Sulphur Springs, wherein General Pope said that in marching against Waterloo Bridge General McDowell would support me.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You say you were not relieved at Waterloo Bridge. Did you or did you not receive an order from General Pope telling you that you were not to wait at Waterloo Bridge for General McDowell?

Answer. I did not, as much as I remember; and if I did, this order must have been in conflict with other orders or circumstances of which I have no knowledge now. I would like to add that order at the moment when I saw the enemy's army across the river I would have sent immediately to General Pope to apprise him fact and to get further instruction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What forces of our army were in your rear at the time you sent your cavalry to Sulphur Springs, when you were, as you state, at Waterloo Bridge?

Answer. There were no forces in my rear within 4 or 5 miles. I hint to that cavalry which was 4 or 5 miles behind us, but I did not know at the time when I sent my cavalry that there was any force between my corps and Warrenton, and I had no control over these forces which might have been behind me.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Were not the commands of General Banks and General Reno in your rear, or on your rear and left, at the time you refer to, or on the 25th of August?

Answer. I supposed at that time that they were there, but when I sent my officer with that fragmentary dispatch of General Banks he said that General Reno and General Banks had marched to Fayetteville. They were at least not within my reach, and must have been at that time about 8 miles from me. I would not pretend to say when they had to march.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How far is it from Sulphur Springs to Waterloo Bridge?

Answer. I think it is about 5 miles to march with troops.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Where was General Banks or General Reno at the time your cavalry were at Sulphur Springs?

Answer. I cannot say where they were. I only knew that they had marched off, because General Banks told me by the officer that he had orders to move away, and that he would advise me to march.

Question by General MCDOWELL. At the time you refer to, of a visit to General McDowell's tent at Warrenton, you have stated he wanted to march on Salem. Are you to be understood as saying it was his purpose or plan to march the whole force to Salem or a reconnoitering party only?

Answer. I was under the impression that he meant that we should march; that is, his corps and mine, to Salem, and there was no question about a reconnoitering party, but about an operation of our army.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You state you did not know what troops belonged to General McDowell's corps. Did you not receive a note from General McDowell informing you of the divisions which were following you on your march to Buckland Mills?

