
Answer. I did not state that I did not know what troops belonged to General McDowell's corps. I said that I had seen the Pennsylvania Reserves at Buckland Mills.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Referring to your interview with General McDowell on the morning of the 27th of August, state where this interview took place, and what were the dispositions General McDowell made that evening for the next day.

Answer. The interview took place in my own headquarters, near Buckland Mills. We were speaking about what troops should be left at Thoroughfare Gap. During the conversation, and when General McDowell had not given me yet definite instructions, I told him that I was very much tired, and, as much as I remember, laid down on the sofa, but told General McDowell that as soon as he had come to an understanding with himself he should please notify me. I think it was between 11 an 12 o'clock at night, and this is what I remember.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When you were on the sofa was not General McDowell writing at the piano in the same room?

Answer. I do not know whether he was writing or not. He was at the piano, and had his map, and was thinking about our operations. I do not know that he was writing.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you go to sleep on the sofa whilst General McDowell was writing or examining maps on the piano?

Answer. I think so, because I had not slept for three days, I believe, and was marching day and night.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does the witness remember what General McDowell said to him would be the disposition for the succeeding day? Does he remember whether it was the witness' corps, or the witness' corps with a division of General McDowell's added to it, that General McDowell decided to leave for the defense of Thoroughfare Gap?

Answer. I do not know anything about that; at least it must have been so indefinitely said to me that I did not mind it.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What did General McDowell propose to witness at his headquarters concerning the defense of Thoroughfare Gap and holding the enemy in check at that point?

Answer. He did not make any definite proposition.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did not the witness understand he was to have a division of General McDowell's corps added to his own, and did he not send word to General McDowell after he had left his (General Sigel's) headquarters to ask what division it would be, and to ask that the division might be directed to report to him?

Answer. I have no knowledge about such an understanding, because I would have been very glad to have it; at least our discussion was not in the form of an instruction or order, but only an exchange of opinions or expressions of opinion of General McDowell. I am certain that I did never know anything about a division added to my corps from General McDowell's corps, from General McDowell's corps, and I do not remember that I did send to General McDowell in regard to the division to be attached to me.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What were those opinions or expressions of General McDowell on that occasion with reference to the subject of holding the enemy in check at Thoroughfare Gap or this side of it?

Answer. Many different opinions were expressed by General McDowell. He was not sure whether a corps should be sent there or what corps or what division, and I therefore as I did not like to impress upon him my own judgment, left it with him to decide and to order and to give me instructions.

