
Question by General MCDOWELL. When you left Buckland Mills, on the morning of the 28th, did you or did you not know General McDowell had made any provision for meeting Longstreet at or this side of Thoroughfare Gap?

Answer. I did not know anything at all.

(A paper was laid before the witness, which is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked A.)

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness see if this is acknowledgment of the order for his march form Buckland Mills to Manassas Junction, and dated at 2.45?

Answer. This is.

A paper purporting to be a copy of General Orders, Numbers 10, dated "Headquarters Third Corps, Reynolds' Camp, August 28, 1862," was handed the witness, and which paper is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked B.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness state if this is not a copy of the order of march of which he acknowledged the receipt?

Answer. I confess that I have never read this order, at least I do not remember to have read it, because it is in contradiction with my acts and my understanding of our situation at that time, and if I had read it it would be in my memory I think.

The General Orders, Numbers 10, just referred to, was read by the recorder. The witness desired to make a correction of his last answer.

From a reperusal of the order I would like to have the words "because it is in contradiction with my acts and my understanding of our situation at that time" considered no part of my answer. I add, in regard to this, that the order I received was written on thin paper, and I believe in pencil.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What order did you receive from General McDowell of which you acknowledge the receipt, and in compliance with which you marched from Buckland Mills?

Answer. I received the order to march to Manassas Junction, and it may be that it is the same order as this here, but I do not remember that it was such a general order.

General McDowell here asked a suspension of the examination of the witness with a view of proving the delivery of this order on that day. The court informed General McDowell that a delay or a suspension in the examination of this witness for the reason stated was unnecessary. The witness continued:

Very often, when a general order is received by a corps commander, he only takes in his mind that part of the order which affects his own corps, and that therefore I may not remember very well now, after the elapse of many weeks, that I received this general order.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does the witness mean to be understood that the whole of that general order did not affect him, and does not the name or designation even of general order indicate this?

Answer. Certainly, I admit that the whole order, if I had read it, did refer to me, but especially what is referred to in the first point, which point I fully admit I understood and acted upon it-I mean the order directing me to march to Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was it not your duty to have made yourself acquainted with every part of a general order sent you, especially one involving co-operation of your forces with those of another?

Answer. Certainly it was my duty, but if this was the order sent to me I must have regarded it as pretty indefinite, all things taken into consideration.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You state that when you left

