
Buckland Mills, on the morning of the 28th, you did not know anything at all of any provision being made by General McDowell for meeting Longstreet at or this side of Thoroughfare Gap. Does or does not the General Order, Numbers 10, for the march make provisions for this?

Answer. The order mentioned makes a provision.

The court adjourned to meet on Friday, December 26, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

A.

Received the order at 2.45.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

B.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,

Numbers 10. Reynolds' Camp, August 28, 1862.

I. Major-General Sigel will immediately march with his whole corps on Manassas Junction, his right resting on the Manassas Railroad.

II. Brigadier-General Reynolds will march on the turnpike immediately in the rear of General Sigel, and form his division on the left of General Sigel, and march upon Manassas Junction.

III. Brigadier-General King will follow immediately after General Reynolds, and form his division on General Reynolds' left, and direct his march upon Manassas Junction.

IV. Brigadier-General Ricketts will follow Brigadier-General King and march to Gainesville; and if, on arriving there, no indication shall appear of the approach of the enemy from Thoroughfare Gap, he will continue his march along the turnpike, form on the left of General King, and march on Manassas Junction. He will be constantly on the lookout for an attack from the direction of Thoroughfare Gap, and, in case on is threatened, he will form his division to the left and march to resist it.

The headquarters of the corps will be at King's division.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

THIRTIETH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., December 26, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present * * *, and Major General FRANZ SIGEL, U. S. Volunteers, the witness under examination.

* * * * * *

The witness desired to know if he had permission to make some remarks regarding his testimony of yesterday, he having received certain papers since.

General McDowell objected to the reception of any remarks from the witness at this time, stating that the witness was undergoing a cross-

