
examination; that yesterday's record had been read twice to the witness, and that, at this stage of the examination, he thought it improper for the reception of any remarks.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened and the following decision announced:

If the witness now remembers, after examining his papers, that his statements, or any of them, have been inaccurate, he may correct those inaccuracies; but all other explanations must be delayed until the close of the cross-examination.

The witness replied: I do not remember any inaccuracies in my evidence given.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated the general order for the march made provision for meeting Lonstreet. Did you or did you not then, or do you or do you not now, know what was the strength of Ricketts' division, indicated in the order for this duty? Did you or not know, or do you or not now know, it consisted of four brigades or sixteen regiments of infantry and four batteries of artillery of twenty-four pieces?

Answer. It is impossible for me---

General McDowell here stated that this interrogatory was one that admitted of an answer affirmatively or negatively

The witness continued:

It is impossible for me now to know what I knew four months ago on this point, and now I do not know at all what was the strength of Ricketts' division. I hardly remember anything about Ricketts' division.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you or not know that the Rhode Island Cavalry had been sent up from New Baltimore on the west side of Bull Run Ridge to be on the enemy's flank as he should be marching through or to Thoroughfare Gap?

Answer. I did not and do not know anything about that. I would say I do not know anything about that.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you or not know, or do you or not now know, that, in addition to Ricketts' division, two brigades of cavalry, under General Bayard and Buford, were also sent to aid Ricketts' division to meet Longstreet?

Answer. I do not know.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Would you have considered, "under the circumstances," that four brigades or sixteen regiments of infantry, twenty-four pieces of artillery, and two brigades of cavalry, in the aggregate between 11,000 and 12,000 men, a sufficient provision to hold Longstreet in check?

Answer. I would have a regarded it as a sufficient provision if these troops were placed at the right point at the right time.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know that Longstreet did not come through Hopewell Gap, about 5 miles to the north of Thoroughfare Gap? And do you know he actually did come through Thoroughfare Gap?

Answer. I do not know exactly whether he came by Thoroughfare Gap or by Hopewell Gap. I, however, think he came by Thoroughfare Gap. I think that Thoroughfare Gap is 3 miles from Hopewell Gap.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You say you did not know that anything had been done to hinder Longstreet. Do you not know now there was an engagement between Ricketts and Longstreet at the Gap or

