
between it and Hay Market, and that Longstreet was actually held in check?

Answer. I know now, from a report of General Longstreet himself, which was published in the papers, as much as I remember, that a skirmish had taken place at or near Thoroughfare Gap. From the description it was my impression that the skirmish was of an insignificant character in regard to the resistance made. This is all the knowledge I have upon that subject.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated that you believed that General McDowell did not do what he could under the circumstances to hinder General Longstreet to join General Jackson. You afterward say you cannot answer the question as to what General McDowell did to prevent Longstreet coming through Thoroughfare Gap? How, then, do you know he did not do all that you say he should have done?

Answer. Because, first, I have an exact knowledge of what was done in general; and, secondly, my remarks were made in regard to the result, as I knew that General Longstreet was coming up on the 29th or has come up on the 29th, and I also knew that he has co-operate with General Jackson on the next day, on the 30th of August.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated you believe General McDowell did not have a sufficient force at Thoroughfare Gap or in the neighborhood to prevent the enemy's troops from passing by this defile, which is very easy to defend, and you have afterward stated you did not know what General McDowell did to prevent Longstreet coming through that Gap. How, then, do you know he did not leave a sufficient force?

Answer. I said that General McDowell did not leave a sufficient force, because it is my impression that a serious fight would have taken place, of which I would have gained knowledge, and, as I did not, I supposed that there was not a sufficient force there.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated you saw General McDowell at your headquarters, in a house near Buckland Mills, on the night of the 27th August. Did you again see General McDowell before you marched from Buckland Mills?

Answer. I think I saw him, and I think it was in his tent. I believe that I went to him that night, and was led there by and officer.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was there any conversation between you and General McDowell?

Answer. I do not know.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you make any report to General McDowell?

Answer. I do not know.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated you received the order for the march upon Manassas Junction at 2.45 o'clock in the morning and that the head of your corps was at Gainesville. What time was it when your corps had all passed Gainesville?

Answer. This I cannot state exactly, because I was at the head of the column, finding out the road to Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When did you leave Gainesville yourself; with what part of your corps did you march?

Answer. I left Gainesville, according to my knowledge, before daybreak-when it

