
was dark yet-because I tried myself to bring my troops in order of march as soon as possible. I marched first with the brigade of General Milroy from Gainesville. Afterward I was with Generals Schurz' and Steinwehr's divisions and the reserve artillery, forming them in line of battle; then I went to the division of General Schenck.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does the witness recollect what hour it was he left Gainesville?

Answer. No.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does the witness recollect any impediment in the road in getting his own troops forward?

Answer. There may have been, but I do not recollect any.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you or did you not receive orders from General McDowell, at Buckland Mills, on the morning of August 28, 1862, to march your corps immediately to Manassas Junction, with your right on the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. I did.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was or was not this order again given you after you had left Gainesville?

Answer. Soon after leaving Gainesville. I do not believe that this order was repeated to me; but after having formed in line of battle on my march to Manassas I received it again.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was or was not any other order of march that to march on Manassas Junction with your right on the Manassas Railroad given you by General McDowell on the occasion of your march from Gainesville?

Answer. I do not remember such order.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated that your troops had to march 5 or 6 miles farther to come again at the evening near the place where they started from and that the men were tired, and you were made to lose time in marching by marching and counter-marching, and that this was in compliance with General McDowell's orders. How could your men have been counter-marching in compliance with General McDowell's orders when those orders required of you to march in one direction only, that is, to Manassas Junction, and how could those orders bring you back to near where you started from?

Answer. In making this remark about marching and counter-marching I did not mean Gainesville as the point, but he place between Gainesville and Manassas Junction, where I formed my corps, or a part of my corps, against the enemy; and, as far as I remember my statement, I did not state that I lost time by the orders of General McDowell, but my movements were in compliance with the orders of General McDowell.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated that your troops lost time in marching and counter-marching to come to the same points nearly in the evening which they left at noon in compliance with the orders of General McDowell. Is or is not the witness to be understood as saying it was by General McDowell's orders he was made to counter-march to come to the same point nearly which he had

left?

Answer. I understand that it was by General McDowell's orders hat my corps left the point where it was formed in order of battle at noon, and that this was a mistake, because when I had arrived near Manassas Junction I was ordered by General Pope to march by.

(General McDowell here objected to the reception of such testimony. The question makes reference to an order from him (General McDowell) and not from General Pope.

