
28th, did you continue with the troops or did you return to Gainesville that day?

Answer. I did not return to Gainesville. I remained with the troops, partly at the head and partly in the center.

Question by General MCDOWELL. With reference to the co-operation of your corps and that of General McDowell, have you not stated in your official reports you were ordered to take position on your march to Manassas with your right resting on the railroad leading from Warrenton Junction to Manassas Junction? If so, who gave you this order?

Answer. I ask to be allowed to see my official report, in order to see if this question is in accordance with my official report.

The report in question was handed the witness.

The witness continued:

I find that this question is not in accordanc with my official report, because I did not say that I should take position on my march to Manassas with my right resting on the railroad.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Please examine your official report at the part marked in the margin, and state who gave you the order to take position with your right resting on the railroad leading from Warrenton Junction to Manassas Junction.

The recorder read from the report the following, referred to in the foregoing question:

During the night General McDowell's corps arrived at Buckland Mills, and I received orders at 3 o'clock in the morning to march to Manassas, and to take a position with my right resting on the railroad leading from Warrenton Junction to Manassas Junction; so at least I understood the order.

Answer. I received this order from General McDowell, but I must say that I understood under Manassas Railroad that point of the railroad which is between Manassas Station and the junction of Manassas Gap Railroad and the Orange and the Alexandria Railroad. Therefore I said in my report my right resting on railroad leading from Warrenton Junction to Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was this order to you in writing?

Answer. I think it was.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When and where did you receive it?

Answer. I think it was the order I received at 2.45 a. m. on the 28th.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness please produce the order?

Answer. I will see whether I can find it. I have not received the papers for which I have sent. I suppose that it was a part of Order Numbers 10, and this may be taken as granted.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Witness will please examine this note, dated Gainesville, Va., August 28, 7.30 a. m., and state if it is not from him, and then say if, instead of its being before daybreak and dark when he left Gainesville, as he yesterday stated, it was not two hours after sunrise at least when he so left.

The note referred to on the foregoing question was read by the recorder, and is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked A.

Answer. This is my note; it is from me. In the first place I rode forward on the Centreville, in advance of my troops, to see what was on that road, and after having made this personal reconnaissance I ordered this note to be written. I further state in my record of yesterday---

10 R R-VOL XII

