
General McDowell here stated that he did not want the record of yesterday interfered with. The record had been read and approved.

The witness continued:

I spoke about Gainesville when I really meant Buckland Mills---

General McDowell stated that he would like to have the record of yesterday read over.

The witness continued:

And therefore, as I was not allowed yesterday to make remarks about the record, I wrote this correction down here.

Question by the COURT. Has the witness anything more to say on the point as to whether it was two hours after sunrise when he so left?

Answer. I cannot answer this question directly, because I do not know how long it took me to reconnoiter the country before me, but I admit that it was 7.30 o'clock when I was at Gainesville and sent this dispatch.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How long did you remain at Gainesville after you sent the dispatch?

Answer. I do not know exactly how long.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was it an hour or two hours, or half an hour; cannot the witness give some idea of the time?

Answer. I cannot really say whether it was half an hour or two hours. I believe it was rather half an hour than two hours. I only waited for General Milroy to bring in all his pickets and come into marching order. This was the reason why I personally remained at Gainesville, if I did so.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did General Milroy's brigade constitute your advance?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How long were you away from Gainesville in your personal reconnaissance on the Centreville road? How far did you go? Who did you see?

Answer. I went forward on all the roads leading to Manassas Junction and Centreville; and, as much as I remember, it was my escort that met the enemy's pickets and reported to me the fact. I do not exactly know how far I went and I myself did not see the enemy, but received the report on the road by my cavalrymen.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What report did your escort make to you?

Answer. They reported to me that they saw some of the enemy's cavalry pickets on the road to Centreville.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Is that all the report you received on that occasion?

Answer. I received another report a little afterward from a part of my cavalry which I had sent to the right into the woods that they had met the enemy's cavalry in that direction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Were these two reports all that witness received?

Answer. This is what I remember now in regard to this particular moment.

Question by General MCDOWELL. As these reports of his cavalry scouts were all he received, how did the witness acquire the knowledge be reported of the enemy's train being between Fairfax and Manassas Junction? How as to Anderson's having apparently taken the northern road from Thoroughfare Gap? How that the main force seemed to be still at Manassas Junction?

