
Answer. I remember now that I had with me several of my scouts, and I remember one by the name of Switzer, who accompanied me upon the march. I do not exactly know from what sources I received all this information or by what means. It must have been my best knowledge that the enemy was in the neighborhood of Manassas Junction, that means in the direction of Manassas Junction, and with one part of his troops, whilst his main force was in the direction of New Market and Centreville.

General McDowell here stated that this had nothing to do with the question.

Question by the COURT. Do you know how you knew that the enemy's train was between Fairfax and Manassas Junction?

Answer. It is a question about a moment when I was near Gainesville. On the march I inquired where the train was and received it from my officers.

General McDowell here stated that this was not what he asked.

The witness continued:

This was at that particular time, and I believe I had that knowledge. I do not remember how I got it, except what I have said before in regard to the prisoners taken, and probably some of this information came from the prisoners.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does the witness mean to be understood that his officers at any time saw the enemy's train in the place in which he reports it in his letter from Gainesville?

Answer. Yes; I have the proof in writing that one of my officers saw the train. He was sent out by me with cavalry, but I do not know whether he informed me that the train was exactly on the place indicate in my dispatch to General McDowell.

Question by General MCDOWELL. The question is: Whether his officers saw the enemy's train between Fairfax and Manassas?

Answer. I do not know whether the officer reported to me exactly that the train was between Fairfax and Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When it left Gainesville did your head of column go to the right or south side or the left or north side of the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. We marched beyond Gainesville some distance-- I believe three-quarters of a mile, then we took the road which leads nearly parallel and north of the Manassas Gap Railroad. We then crossed the railroad to the south side, and marched south of the railroad until we recrossed it in marching to New Market.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you pass Bethlehem Church or Chapel before you crossed the Manassas Railroad to go to New Market?

Answer. I believe we did, but I am not sure.

The witness was handed two papers, purporting to be duplicate orders from Major-General McDowell, dated Bristoe Station, August 27, 1862, 9 p. m., which papers are appended to this day's proceedings and marked B.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does the witness not remember he was shown the following order form General Pope prior to his leaving Buckland Mills?

Answer. I do not remember that this order was shown to me, but it may have been shown to me.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Why did you fail to obey General McDowell's order, which required you to march on Manassas Junction, with your right resting on the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. I believe that I did not disobey the order of General McDowell, because I understood that I should march to Manassas Junction, and having arrived there, form my corps so that the right rested on the Manassas Railroad.

2nd. If I would have undertaken to march to Manassas Junction with my right

