
always on the railroad it would have been impossible to do so, according to my best knowledge; and

3rd. There seemed to me a contradiction in the order in saying that I should march to Manassas Junction and in the same time to rest with my right on the railroad. I understand that this word "resting" can only relate to the formation of troops, and not to their march.

Question by General MCDOWELL. In accordance with orders received at 2.45 a. m. of the 28th of August, you were required to start immediately to Manassas, and why was your advance at 7.30 a. m. still at Gainesville, the place where they remained during the night?

Answer. In the first place my troops were stationed as follows: The advance brigade of General Milroy at Gainesville; the division of General Schurz at North Fork Creek; the division of General Schenck between North Fork Creek and Buckland Mills, and my reserve division at Buckland Mills. This position they held because I encamped them where I could find water, and where they could defend their position against an attack from Hay Market or Thoroughfare Gap. I tried to bring up these divisions to Gainesville and then to march on with my whole corps, instead of marching with separate brigades and divisions. They needed a certain amount of time to form and to come to Gainesville. 2nd. I could not march with the brigade of General Milroy form Gainesville or draw in his pickets, which were out for a great distance. I ordered him to draw in his pickets only when I saw that the other troops were near his position. These are the facts. I myself went along the road from Buckland Mills to Gainesville to haste up the troops and to bring them forward to Gainesville. I must also remark that the whole of my reserve artillery and ammunition train was with my reserve division, behind the bridge at Buckland Mills, which they had to pass. I also remark that these troops marched before daylight, and that they had the greatest part of the night no rest at all after their arrival in their different positions.

The court adjourned to meet on Monday, December 29, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

A.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Gainesville, Va., August 28, 1862-7.30 a. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL, Commanding Third Corps:

As yet I have only met some pickets on the Centreville turnpike, which, it seems to me, makes it necessary to send a force to Centreville to cover our left flank. It might also be well to send an entire division to Centreville, as the enemy's train is between Fairfax and Manassas Junction, which force would at the same time separate the enemy's forces; Anderson apparently having taken the northern road from Thoroughfare Gap, and which would also threaten the enemy's rear.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

P. S.-In regard to Anderson or Longstreet coming through Thoroughfare Gap, it may be that they take or have taken the more northern road to Centreville.

B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Bristoe Station, August 27, 1862-9 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

At daylight to-morrow morning march rapidly on Manassas Junction

