
with your whole force, resting your right on the Manassas Gap Railroad, throwing your left well to east. Jackson, Ewell, and A. P. Hill are between Gainesville and Manassas Junction. We had a severe fight with them to-day, driving them back several miles along the railroad. If you will march promptly and rapidly at the earliest dawn of day upon Manassas Junction we shall bag the whole crowd. I have directed Reno to march from Greenwich at the same hour upon Manassas Junction, and Kearny, who is in his rear, to march on Bristoe at daybreak.

Be expeditious, and the day is our own.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Received dispatch for Major-General McDowell August 28, 1.15 a. m.

J. C. BRISCOE,

Lieutenant and Engineer, Kearny's Division.

THIRTY-SECOND DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., December 29, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, * * *, and Major General FRANZ SIGEL, U. S. Volunteers, the witness under examination.

* * * * * *

Question by General MCDOWELL. I desire the witness to take General McDowell's General Orders, Numbers 10, of August 28, 1862, and show from what therein he is warranted in saying he was to take a position with his right resting on the railroad leading from Warrenton Junction to Manassas Junction. Is or is not that railroad mentioned or referred to in that order? If so, where?

The order in question, appended to the proceedings of the twenty-ninth day, was placed before the witness.

Answer. When I wrote my report I had not the order of General McDowell before me.

General McDowell stated that this is hardly and answer to the question.

The witness asked whether the question referred to what is contained in his report or in his evidence.

The court was then cleared.

The court was opened and the following decision announced:

The question has already been fully answered by the witness during the proceedings of the thirty-first day and is overruled.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Will the witness please point out on the map, as far as the map goes, the Orange and Alexandria Railroad and the Manassas Railroad?

The witness referred to the map from the Bureau of the Topographical Engineers, dated August 1, 1862, of "Northeastern Virginia and vicinity of Washington," which map is appended to the proceedings in the case.*

The witness pointed out the railroads as marked on the map, stating that a small portion of the road (about a half mile), to the west of Manassas Station, was common to the two roads.

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

