
several of the enemy's killed and wounded, some 10 of whom had already been cared for by Colonel Kane. The route now followed lay along the turnpike, stretching southerly from Strasburg toward Staunton. Its more even and compact surface was a welcome exchange for the mire and sloughs of the mountain regions passed.

Closely pressed by my advance, the enemy at about 10 a. m. turned to make a stand. He was vigorously shelled be Buell's and Schirmer's batteries, under direction of Colonel bayard's command of cavalry, augmented by about 600 men from my own column, under Colonel Zagoyi, aide-de-camp and chief of cavalry. After determined resistance for an hour the enemy were driven rom position and again pursued. Repeatedly during the day they faced about and were as often compelled to relinquish the fight. The pursuit was rapid, not less than 18 miles being mad in the space of five hours. In one instance scarcely a hundred yards separated my advance from the enemy, the latter, however, gaining a small bridge and unlimbering rapidly upon a rocky rise beyond. Colonel Pilsen lost at this time his horse, shot from under him, and was himself slightly wounded by a volley from the rebels. But notwithstanding the excellent marching made by our infantry it was impossible to get forward in time for effective operations.

By sunset the enemy had reached for the night the higher points beyond Woodstock. The retreat was reckless. Over 500 prisoners fell into our hands, and a number o four own men captured from General Banks were recovered. Several hundred stand of small-arms cast away or left in stacks by the rebels were also along the road and country adjoining. Broken ambulances, clothing, blankets, and articles of equipment lined the route. Our loss was small, but one or two killed, na d proportionate number wounded. At the last stand made by the enemy he lost 7 killed, with a number of horses. His total loss during the day must have been considerable. At about 5 in the afternoon General Stahle's brigade occupied Woodstock.

Although much fatigued by the forced march of the day previous, my command at an early hour of the morning of June 3 were upon the road to resume pursuit. Again the rear guard of the enemy turned to cover his main body, or to gain time for placing obstacles, tearing up the road, or destroying culverts and bridges. The fire of the opposing batteries was mutually brisk with at intervals an accompaniment of the dropping shots of small-arms. Strenuous effort was made by the rebels to destroy the bridge over Stony Creek, at Edenburg, about 5 miles out of Woodstock. A portion of the planks were torn up and the timbers so far cut that the structure sank, partially broken, about midway of the current. So prompt, however, were my advance troops that the party left by the enemy was compelled to retreat in haste without further execution o fits design. A ford was found at a hour distance up the stream, and with some difficulty cavalry and artillery were gotten across. ultimately my baggage and supply trains passed safely. After some hasty repairs infantry was enabled to cross the bridge. On account of depth of watt at the ford ammunition was removed from caissons and wagons and carried over by hands of men. For further and more permanent repairs of the bridge Colonel Raynolds, of my staff, engineer, was left with a small detail.

By noon my command were mainly upon the farther bank and again in rapid motion. The brigade over Cedar [Mill] Creek at Mount Jackson, was saved nearly intact by the celerity with which the enemy was over

