
Question by General MCDOWELL. Were the divisions of Generals Schurz and Schenck bivouacked on the turnpike between Buckland Mills and Gainesville on the evening of the 27th or the morning of the 28th?

Answer. Yes; they were.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How far were they respectively from Gainesville?

Answer. The division of General Schurz was abut a mile from Gainesville, probably nearer to Gainesville than a mile. The division of General Schenck was first about 2 1/2 miles from Gainesville, and then received orders to form behind the left wing of General Schurz during the night.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Why did you delay the march of the whole force on account of the pickets of General Milroy?

Answer. I did not delay the march. I only did not advance General Milroy's brigade without having the whole corps assembled where he was. There may have been a delay for the reason that I wished to have General Milroy's brigade at the head of my column, and that perhaps his preparations were not all made when the others came up. I have stated why his preparations were made at the last moment before our movement. In relation to General Milroy's brigade, I think it my duty to say that they were under arms the whole night and expected and attack from the enemy. They had nearly nor rest-like the other troops of my corps.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was the position of your reserve artillery any cause for delay? If so, what?

Answer. I do not know any more, because my headquarters were on this die of Buckland Mills. I started when it was dark, went to General Schenck, then to General Milroy, to be at the head of my troops. There must have been a delay in crossing the bridge, but I would not say delay, because in all such movements we want time.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What time did you require to march your reserve division from Buckland Mills to Gainesville, a distance of 3 mills?

Answer. I was not with them, and therefore cannot say how much time they wanted, and I also see by the map that it is not 3 but almost 4 miles to Gainesville from Buckland Mills.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What is the usual rate of march per hour in your corps over good turnpike roads, which are unobstructed by anything but the troops themselves?

Answer. I refuse to answer that question, if not ordered by the court.

The court decided the question a proper one.

The witness continued:

In answering the question I remarked that I refused to do so because this question is too general and does not apply to the case. According to circumstances we can march very quick on a good road, but ordinarily troops march 15 miles a day on good roads. This would, if we march 10 hours, be 1 1/2 miles an hour. On the 28th August my corps marched 13 miles and the brigade of General Milroy 16, and this was in the presence of the enemy, where we could march only slowly and had to look out well.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know of any cause of delay in your march on the morning of the 28th from your baggage wagons obstructing the road-the turnpike from between Buckland Mills and Gainesville-or from your men stopping in the turnpike to build fires to cook?

Answer. I did not see myself that the baggage train was in the road; I at least do not remember it; but I remember that I rode up to the soldiers of General Schenck, who were trying to cook coffee before daylight, and force them to fall in and to march.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How far had your men marched

