
on the 27th, and had they not had the whole day and night of the 26th to rest themselves at Warrenton, and what time did they finish their march on the 27th?

Answer. On the 27th, that morning we marched from Warrenton toward Buckland Mills, but found the enemy this side of Buckland Mills. I was therefore compelled to halt and to get information. We then had a skirmish at Buckland Mills with the enemy. He retired and burned the brigade. I took possession of the shores of the creek, and had to restore the bridge by my pioneers, which took about two or three hours. During this time the greatest part of the troops formed on the right and left in line of battle, and were all under arms, and standing, because it was reported to me that 10,000 men were on our front and that 60,000 had marched toward Manassas, which report I sent to General McDowell. The march was finished and the troops had all crossed the bridge before sunset. I do not exactly know when we marched from Warrenton. After having crossed the bridge with all my troops I counter-marched my reserve division, because the troops of General McDowell had not arrived yet, and I feared an attack from Hay Market. We then marched slowly on toward Gainesville to gain that point. General Milroy arrived at Gainesville at night-8 or 9 o'clock. The divisions of General Schurz and General Schenck were first kept back near Buckland Mills and then successively advanced, so that they changed their position during the night. One regiment was sent toward hay Market and one toward Greenwich, over a mile distant from the road. One-third of our troops, I think, were under arms and on picket, and General Milroy's brigade especially. On the 26th and on the night of the 26th and 27th we were at Warrenton, and all my troops were resting.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How long before sunset was it when you reached Buckland Mills? How far is it from Warrenton to Buckland Mills?

Answer. I do not exactly know how long. It is from Warrenton to Buckland Mills about 9 or 10 miles.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Can the witness give no idea how long before sunset it was when he reached Buckland Mills; was it half and hour, an hour, or two hours? State about how long.

Answer. I cannot say how long.

By General MCDOWELL. I beg to ask if the court considers this question responded to-before sunset? The term used will take in the whole day, and therefore fixes no time at all after sunrise.

Question by the COURT. Can you state about how near to sunset it was?

Answer. It was in the afternoon and before sunset. I remember now that I sent from Buckland Mills an officer to Warrenton to General McDowell, which must have taken two hours, making it about 4 o'clock p. m. It must have been therefore 4 or 5 o'clock, according to this connection of things. The officer was Captain Este, of General Schenck's staff.

A paper dated Headquarters First Corps, Army of virginia, Buckland Bridge, Va., August 27, 1864, 11.40, was placed before the witness, which paper is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked A.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State if this is not the note you sent at that time, dated at Buckland Mills, at 11.40 a. m.

Answer. This is the note which my adjutant has written. I had gone in advance probably to direct the movement of General Milroy, and I remember that as he could not cross the bridge with his artillery, his cavalry, and afterward his infantry, or a part of it, crossed near the bridge. I also remember that the brigade of General Milroy was a great distance ahead of my principal column, as he was ordered to do so.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Look at this order, dated Warrenton, August 27, 1864, and state if it is the order under which you marched to Buckland Mills.

A book was placed before the witness, from which a letter, of which the following is a copy, was read by the recorder:

