HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton, August 27, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major-General SIGEL:

Push immediately a strong advance along the turnpike from Warrenton to Gainesville, for the purpose of taking possession of the position of Buckland Mills, on Broad Run, and get your corps in had as soon as possible to follow this advance. No wagons but for ammunition will accompany your corps on this road. Your baggage trains will immediately proceed to Catlett's. Detach three batteries from your troops to report to Major-General Kearny, commanding division, who will be moving by the way of Greenwich to your support.

Further instructions will be given as to the route by which these batteries are to join General Kearny; until they do, they will be kept with your command.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

Answer. yes; that is the letter.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State if these letters were not sent by you from Buckland Mills on the 27th, and if you know of any other reports made by you to General McDowell that day except the one just presented.

Three papers were read by the recorder, then placed before the witness. These papers are dated as follows: "Headquarters, Buckland Bridge, August 27-12.30 p. m." "Headquarters First Corps, Army of Virginia, Buckland Bridge, Va., August 27, 1862-1.50 p. m." "Headquarters First Corps, Army of Virginia, Buckland Bridge, Va., August 27, 1862-8 p. m.," and are appended to the proceedings of this day, and marked B, C, D.

Answer. These letters have been sent by me to General McDowell. I do not remember any other letter. I only remember that I sent that officer of which I have spoken, but I must remark that I do not believe that my troops held exactly the position which I indicated at 8 p. m. in my letter. This is the only remark I have to make about this matter.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State if you received the letters dated August 27, recorded on page 327, of this letter-book.

The official letter-book pertaining to the Headquarters Third Army Corps was placed before the witness, from which the recorder read the following:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 27, 1862.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you [that] three regiments of cavalry, under General Bayard, have been ordered to join you until yours can be returned to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 27, 1862.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of 12.30 p. m. In default of your cavalry, which is not yet returned, I send you this morning General Bayard, with three regiments. When yours return please send him back to me. I will send word to Catlett's about your regimental provision wagons. Brigadier-General Reynolds' division is immediately behind you. King and Ricketts follow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

