
APPENDIX.

A.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Buckland Bridge, Va., August 27, 1862-11.40.

Major-General MCDOWELL,

Commanding Third Corps:

I have drive the enemy's cavalry, which was one mile this side of the bridge, from the bridge. The bridge had been set on fire, which was extinguished, and I am now in possession of the same. Two pieces of artillery have been posted this side of the bridge. The brigade of General Milroy is now crossing. The enemy had some cavalry and one piece of artillery shown on the opposite side of the creek. The bridge will be repaired at once by my pioneers.

Respectfully, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

B.
HEADQUARTERS,Buckland Bridge, August 27-12.30 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

GENERAL: I am not farther yet than at and over the bridge. Some troops of General Milroy have passed it. The firing of yesterday and to-day is said to have been at Manassas. This is said by all whom I have met and examined. It is also in accordance with all other information.

If we concentrate quickly at Gainesville, or near Gainesville, put all our disposable forces, with the exception of a few at the Rappahannock, we have the only and best chance to defeat the enemy's plans and his army. We have several means and ways to operate from here. Jackson may be at manassas or elsewhere. We should all be here to-night and press forward to-morrow at daybreak.

Yours, respectfully,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

P. S.-Please send me to-night without fail my cavalry (Fourth New York, Sixth Ohio, and Ninth New York), and my regimental provision wagons, which I have ordered to Catlett's Station.

C.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Buckland Bridge, August 27, 1862-1.50 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL,

Commanding Third Corps:

The brigade of General Milroy has advanced and is now 2 miles beyond the bridge, after the enemy had made an attempt to burn the bridge. He is directed to push his cavalry on to Gainesville and then take position on the fork to Thoroughfare Gap. General Milroy observed a train, which leaves no doubt that this is the enemy's rear guard which I have before me, and believe that the enemy is at Manassas by this time, and has beaten our forces there, and to proceed from there to Alexandria to destroy our depots.

