
Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated you are of the opinion that had General King's division been united to that of General Reynolds on that same day at noon or in the afternoon-that is, if 15,00 men had been marched forward against the right flank of the enemy, he must have been routed. Do you know that General McDowell was not moving forward to so unite them in the afternoon.

Answer. I do not know, but if he did it was too late in the afternoon.

Question by General MCDOWELL. In answering the question as to when General McDowell's troops appeared on the field, you speak of their arriving on the battle-field at sunset on the 29th. You have also stated they came on the field from the direction of Centreville. Is that the first knowledge you had of King's division of General McDowell's troops being on the field on that day; that is, when they came up along the Warrenton turnpike?

Answer. That is the first knowledge I had, as much as I can remember.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know what orders General McDowell had or under what instructions he acted concerning the bringing his troops into action on the afternoon of the 29th. If you say you do, please state them. If you say you do not, then please state how you know that the direction given General McDowell's troops was given to them by General McDowell.

Answer. I ha my knowledge about the movements of General McDowell's troops from a paper which I received from General Pope on the morning of the 29th of August, and which I lay before the court. This is the only knowledge.

The paper referred to bey the witness was read by the recorder, and is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked A.

Question by the COURT. Where was General Pope's headquarters at this time?

Answer. I think they were at Centreville.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What time of the day was it you received this order which you have produced?

Answer. It must have been at about 10 or 11 o'clock in the morning; but I am not sure of this.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You said you did not know on the morning of the 29th and up to 12 or 1 o'clock that General Reynolds was on your left, and that you could not make any disposition of General Schenck to assist your right wing and center because he had to cover your left wing, and that you do not know what orders the division of General reynolds had and what they did, &amp;c. Did you not send to General Reynolds' division before you commenced the action and request its co-operation?

Answer. I believe I did not, because I wrote a note to General Pope on that morning, asking him who was on my left, whether it was Reno?

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did not one of General Reynolds' brigade commanders see you before you went into action on the 29th with reference to the co-operation of Reynolds' division?

Answer. I remember now that two officers were in my quarters, speaking with me very hastily. I supposed they were officers belonging to General McDowell's corps; but whether there was any agreement between us I cannot say. I did never suppose by this conversation that I had to give them any direction or had any command over them. I think they spoke about their troops, but I do not remember the particulars. It may have been about Reynolds' division.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You have stated, among the points

