
Answer. This I cannot remember very well.

Question by General MCDOWELL. You state received a dispatch which you believe was transmitted to you by one of General McDowell's staff, which dispatch was written by General Porter. On what was that belief founded-that this dispatch was given you by one of General McDowell's staff?

Answer. I thought so because it was an officer of General McDowell's staff, as much as I remember.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know who it was?

Answer. No.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you know all of General Pope's staff?

Answer. I think I did not know every one of General McDowell's staff.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you know all of General Pope's staff?

Answer. I think not.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When did you report to General Pope the force of the enemy that was marching on Cedar Run Mountain?

Answer. On the day before the 9th of August, when the battle took place, I received a letter from Colonel Cluseret, at Madison Court-House, wherein he stated that he received information that Jackson would advance with 20,000 or 25,000 men. It is my impression that I sent this letter to General Pope. I also reported to General Pope, previous to this letter, what forces composed the army of General Jackson.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was this the occasion you reported Jackson marching on Cedar Run Mountain?

Answer. I did not say that I reported jackson marching on Cedar Mountain. I said that my letter related to his marching on Culpeper.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When were you at Madison Court-House?

Answer. I was in Madison Court-House, or in the neighborhood of Madison Court-House, where Cluseret had his camp, one time or more that once. I do not remember exactly the day.

Question by General MCDOWELL. How far from Madison Court House was Colonel Cluseret's camp?

Answer. It was for some time in Madison Court-House and beyond, in a southern direction, and at the time I speak of I believe his camp was between madison Court-House and the Robertson River. The nearest place to his camp was Madison Court-House. I would not say exactly how far it was, for I do not remember very well.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you not report to General Pope on the 8th of August that heavy forces of the enemy were advancing through Madison Court-House?

Answer. That may be. I do not know if I did.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know that General Buford was stationed in Madison Court-House and reported direct to General Pope; that near about the 8th of August heavy forces of the enemy moved upon Madison Court-House in the direction of Sperryville?

Answer. I know that a brigade of General buford's was at one time stationed beyond Madison Court-House, and that this brigade had to be supported, if necessary, by Colonel Cluseret. Whether they were on the 8th at Madison Court-House I do not know. I suppose General buford reported directly to General Pope on the 8th of August, but I do not know. I do not remember that General buford reported that heavy forces of the enemy moved upon Madison Court-House in the direction of Sperryville.

