
General McDowell stated he had no more questions to ask on the Cross-examination.

By the COURT. Have you information of any matter or thing not within your personal knowledge, and not testified to by you, tending to show misbehavior or want of proper qualifications in General McDowell as a general officer, and which information, in your judgment, deserves the consideration of the court? If you have such information will you communicate it in writing to the recorder for the consideration of the court and the names of witnesses by whom the facts may be established.

Answer. I would like time to consider this question. If there is anything will communicate it in writing to the court.

The witness here asked the court if he had authority to lay before the court such papers as related to the evidence given by him and whether he could correct such portions of his evidence as his papers suggest to him.

The court propounded the following question to the witness: It there any portion of your cross-examination in respect to which you desire to make any explanation? If so, you can now make it.

Answer. I would like to read over my evidence to-day and will make these explanations to-morrow. my explanations will be very short.

Captain ULRIC DAHLGREN, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. Were you a staff officer on the staff of General Sigel during the month of August last?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question by the COURT. Were you present with General Sigel on the march of his corps from Gainesville toward Manassas on the 28th day of August last?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question by the COURT. Were you sent by General Sigel with any oral or written message to General McDowell on that march; and, if so, what was that message?

Answer. I was. General Sigel sent me to General McDowell for more definite instructions, having previously received orders to halt where he was and form line, with his right resting on the railroad. We were then about a mile on the Manassas Railroad from Gainesville. I went back, and found General McDowell about a mile or a mile and a half to the rear of where we then were. He was then sitting under a tree, with a large map before him. I stated to him that an aide had just come to General Sigel with an order to halt where he was and form line, with his right resting on earl Sigel with an order to halt where he was and from line, with his right resting on the railroad, and that General Sigel wished more definite instructions. General McDowell replied that he had not sent any order to halt nor any order since the one directing him to proceed to Manassas. I then asked, for my own information, so that I could explain it better, at what point at Manassas we should form. General McDowell replied, "Let General Sigel Fight his own corps," emphasizing the word fight. As I was about leaving General McDowell added that General Sigel should be particular to take the nearest road to Manassas, showing me on the map a road which went to the right and near the railroad, distinguished from the road which, I believe, passed by Milford, to the right and south of Milford, and by Bethlehem Church also.

Question by the COURT. What was the manner of General McDowell when he said General Sigel should fight his own corps?

Answer. I would hardly call it angry; it was somewhat irritated or somewhat indifferent as to what might happen to the corps.

Question by the COURT. Did you encounter the enemy on that day and where?

