
Answer. We did. Our cavalry were skirmishing and taking prisoners from the time we left Buckland Mills, but he first regular engagement was near Mrs. Henry's farm, as marked on the map. What transpired while I was with General McDowell I do not know.

Question by the COURT. In the course of your march toward Manassas did you ascertain where the enemy was in force?

Answer. We did or thought we did. I think our scouts reported they had left Manassas, which report was soon confirmed by General Milroy's advance.

Question by the COURT. Where were you at that time on your route?

Answer. Very near where the road which we were on intersects the road which passes through New Market.

Question by the COURT. At what time of day was this?

Answer. I am unable to say the exact time of day. It was in the afternoon, about 2 or 3 o'clock; I am not certain.

Question by the COURT. Which way did you learn that the enemy had moved?

Answer. We learned that there was a force near Groveton, and we supposed it was the same which had left Manassas, but I do not know on which road they went, as there were many stragglers in every direction.

Question be the COURT. Do you know whether any communication of this movement of the enemy from Manassas toward Groveton was made to General McDowell?

Answer. I do not know. I think it was reported to General Pope.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Is witness to be understood General Sigel formed his line of battle in pursuance of an order which he supposed General McDowell had sent him?

Answer. I do not know. I had just come up to General Sigel at the same time that the supposed order was brought from General McDowell.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does witness remember what time of day it was when he left General Sigel to go to General McDowell?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Does witness remember what officers were near General McDowell when he reported to him and saw him examining a map?

Answer. I do not know or remember the officers. I remember the place very well.

The recorder was directed to request the Secretary of War to transmit any report or papers on file showing the forces left for the defense of Washington when General McClellan moved to the Peninsula last spring, and tending to explain the reasons and influences which led to the detention of the corps of General McDowell at that time.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, December 31, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

A.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 29, 1862.

To Generals HEINTZELMAN, RENO, and SIGEL:

If you find yourselves heavily pressed by superior numbers of the enemy you will not push matters further.

