
Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you recollect if General McDowell offered for this purpose to give General Sigel a division?

Answer. I do, sir.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State if you prepared copies of General McDowell's General Orders, Numbers 10, of August 28, 1862, providing for the march of General Sigel and General McDowell's corps from Buckland Mills to Manassas Junction.

Answer. I did.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was the copy prepared for General Sigel a full copy of that order and was it sent to General Sigel?

Answer. It was, sir.

Question by the COURT. Did General McDowell state that he considered it expedient to send Sigel's corps, with a division of his own corps, to the defense of Thoroughfare Gap; and, if so, for what reason?

Answer. He considered it expedient, I think, because he considered the enemy as coming through that way.

Question by the COURT. Do you know why he did not send the force which he considered it expedient to send?

Answer. I do not.

Question by the COURT. Do you remember what General Sigel said in reply to the proposal of General McDowell; if so, state is as nearly as you remember:

Answer. No; I do not remember.

The court adjourned to meet on Monday, January 5, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

A.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

December 31, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel PELOUZE,

Recorder Court of Inquiry:

COLONEL: It has been impossible for me to examine all my papers and arrange them for the purpose of laying them before the court or to prepare the statement in answer to the questions submitted to by the court.

I will endeavor to have everything ready before 11 o'clock of Friday morning, if this will suit the convenience of the court.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES S. WADSWORTH,

Military Governor of the District of Columbia:

SIR: The command to which you have been assigned by instructions from the President as military governor of the District of Columbia

