
Question by General MCDOWELL. From what survey or what map was map Numbers 1 taken?

Answer. It is not a copy of a map; it is made from Lloyd's map and General McDowell's map, by my directions, and executed by Lieutenant-Colonel Meysenberg. I think he also used a photographic map which was lying on the table, but and not sure.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State wherein map Numbers 3 is correct and wherein only approximately so.

Answer. This plan relates to the supposed position of the enemy, as indicated in the order of General Pope, and the troops drawn up north of the railroad have, therefore, not been in this position. In regard to the troops between Buckland Mills and Gaineswille, my corps and that of General McDowell are represented correctly in regard to the order they followed each other. According to order Numbers 10, Generals Reno's and Heintzelman's troops are supposed to be on march from Greenwich and Bristoe to Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. On what authority do you place the enemy in the position marked as being where you say General Pope's order supposed him to be?

Answer. In the order of General Pope it was said, according to my remembrance, that the enemy must be somewhere between Manassas Junction and Gainesville.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Would then any other place between Manassas Junction and Gainesville be as correct as the one you have assumed?

Answer. No, I think not. I think that the enemy could have probably been on the road from Manassas Junction to Gainesville-on his march to Gainesville.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What conditions as to the time of marching-time of starting-of the enemy's troops and our own have you assumed that would place the forces in the supposed position?

Answer. The drawing relates to the order of General Pope, and not to what I have proposed or supposed, and therefore the question cannot relate to me. It relates to General Pope.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What knowledge had you or have you as to General Pope's supposition of the enemy's position, and on which he (General Pope) based his order?

Answer. The troops of General Heintzelman, under General Hooker, had a skirmish with the enemy or fight on the 27th, and probably he thought that the enemy would try to retreat to Gainesville to unite with General Longstreet. I had no knowledge of what General Pope might have surely known of the enemy-under what supposition he has acted-except what is written in his words.

The court took a recess of five minutes.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do I understand the witness that he has deduced this supposed position of the enemy and his own and General McDowell's corps from the orders he received from General McDowell and the one he may have seen to General McDowell from General Pope for his march from Buckland Mills?

Answer. I deduced this supposed position from the order of General Pope, which I may have seen, and which I saw during the investigation.

Question by General MCDOWELL. From what map or survey are your maps Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4 complied?

Answer. I really do not know what maps Lieutenant-Colonel Meysenberg has used, and I was not particular in regard to the details of these maps.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Wherein is map Numbers 4 correct and

