
wherein approximately so, as to positions, routes, &amp;c., of the enemy or of our own troops?

Answer. I have already given an explanation in regard to this map Numbers 4. In addition to it I may state that the position of my corps as given on the map is pretty much correct. Jackson's position seems to be also correct. Now, in comparing the two maps, I find that it is impossible to make a detailed explanation. To do this I should have to make another map. This map should only represent a general idea and the movements in general and not in detail.

Question by General MCDOWELL. When did you learn of the position of Jackson that you have marked on the map?

Answer. I already stated that this question, bearing to the details, I can only answer on reference to a better map. At daybreak on the morning of the 28th one of my scouts reported to me about the enemy's train between Manassas Junction and Fairfax. It was between 6 and 7 on the morning of the 28th when we found the enemy's pickets on the road to Groveton. It was about 10 o'clock when the officer, Captain Heintz, sent me his dispatches, and it was at noon that I received news that the enemy was not at Manassas Junction. I forgot to say that I found myself the wood in my front occupied by pickets for at least half of a mile, which indicated to me that a large force must be behind. This was before noon, when I first formed toward the north. They were infantry. I will also mention the report of Major Kappner, my engineer officer, who saw the enemy's infantry moving, and reported this to me at the same time mentioned.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you report to General McDowell or Pope that Jackson occupied the position indicated on the map; if so, when?

Answer. I reported to General McDowell on the morning of the 28th that the enemy was before me, and told the officer to explain to General McDowell where he was; it was the same position nearly as given on the map. I also made a report to General Pope on the evening of the 28th, when I was engaged with the enemy, and told General Pope, by Captain Kanish, what was our position. This was after I had arrived with the whole corps at Mrs. Henry's farm and taken possession of the turnpike between the stone bridge and Groveton, at Mr. Robinson's farm. The whole army of Jackson at that time must have been between Robinson's farm and Groveton. I thought General Pope knew where the enemy was when I sent to him at Manassas Junction.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 8, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

Numbers 1. CRIGLERSVILLE, August 7, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL:

GENERAL: Captain Kennedy has just returned from an expedition along the Rapidan. He brings the following news:

Mr. Hood, who has had charge of General Banks' farm for thirteen years, a Union man, being near Wolftown, and having just returned from down the Rapidan, informed him that Jackson would leave to-morrow morning with 25,000 men toward Culpeper, his first point. He proposed from that place to make the whole tour, probably by Woodville and Sperryville. This information comes from the inhabitants of Ruggles, a town 8 or 10 miles from Wolftown, on the Rapidan, the inhabitants having told Mr. Hood so.

There are about 300 men at Ruggles. I will send you to-morrow the report of Captain Kennedy, who brings some horses and some 30 head of cattle. He did not take the mail nor meet Captain White's company,

