
as we hoped. He crossed the Rapidan some miles and got within 2 miles of Stanardswille.

I shall send immediately scouts in all directions to ascertain whether there is any evidence of a movement. In case I find it so, I shall take measures to fall upon Jackson's rear guard and cut off his train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLUSERET,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Numbers 2. GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers -. Warrenton, August 25, 1862.

I. The corps of Major-General McDowell, to which the division of Brigadier-General Reynolds is attached, will occupy Warrenton, with and advance of at least a brigade thrown out toward Waterloo and Sulphur Springs. The cavalry of the corps will be kept along the line of the river.

II. The First Army corps, under Major-General Sigel, will occupy Fayetteville, and will there be joined by Brigadier-General Cox, whose advance has reached Warrenton Junction. Major-General Sigel will occupy some strong position in the vicinity of Fayetteville, throwing out an advance of at least a brigade toward the fords in front of his position and keeping his cavalry along the line of the river.

III. The corps of Major-General Banks, to which will be added 10,000 men under Brigadier-General Sturgis, will take post with its right resting on Bealeton Station and its left extended along the north side of Marsh Creek; from this corps at least one division will be pushed forward as near as practicable to the railroad crossing of the Rappahannock. If there be any difficulty about water for this corps wells will be dug immediately.

IV. The detachment of the Ninth Army Corps, under Major-General Reno, will resume its station at Kelly's Ford, putting itself in communication immediately with the forces below it on the river.

V. The troops of Heintzelman's corps will take post with the center at Germantown and extended along the Licking River.

VI. Brigadier-General Cox, with the troops under his command, will move forward as soon as possible to Fayetteville and report to Major-General Sigel. Those under Brigadier-General Sturgis will report to Major-General Banks at Bealeton Station.

VII. the Headquarters of the Army of Virginia will be established at a point near Warrenton Junction to be hereafter designated.

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Near Warrenton, August 26, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pope to take command of the right and front, for the purpose of strengthening some movements I am ordered to make. Please let me know the position and strength of your command, and especially of the cavalry.

