
the enemy's position in the direction of Manassas. This attack will be supported under the provision of the general orders from Headquarters of the Army of Virginia, by the command of Major-General Heintzelman, now at Gainesville,* and which will be on the right of the attack.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

August 28, 1862-2.30 a. m.

[Brigadier-General SCHENCK:]

GENERAL: Put your division in motion immediately, and take position behind and near the left wing of Schurz by battalion in mass.

No signals to be given and no noise made.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

Numbers 8. [Dispatch of C. Heintz, aide-de-camp, on the morning of the 28th of August.]

On a hill, at a distance of about 2 miles, alongside of the Centreville road, is a large train which might be captured, perhaps, if attacked by the genera should wish to convince himself, I think it would prove of importance.

C. HEINTZ,

Officer of the General Staff.

Numbers 9. AUGUST 28, 1862-a. m.

Major-General SIGEL:

The enemy has placed four pieces in position in front of the woods against McDowell's advancing column; is firing against him, and has sent us five shots already.

McDowell's firing is very slow and has ceased now entirely. Large bodies of troops of not move, the infantry appearing only to support the batteries. The enemy is retreating on the Centreville road. General Steinwehr is here. he is of my opinion, that the enemy does not intend to break through. His train has gone father into the woods, and is but little to be seen. General Von Steinwehr intend to attack the enemy's flank with the brigade, and is preparing for the advance. I shall follow with the cavalry on his right, and shall post orderlies to facilitate the rapid sending of dispatches.

The commander of McDowell's division has been informed of our movements.

C. HEINTZ,

Officer of the General Staff.

---------------

*In the rough draught of this order, furnished by General McDowell, Greenwich is given and not Gainesville.

---------------

