
Answer. I did not know that order had been issued.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you know if there were any baggage wagons taken on the road which General McDowell caused to be turned off the road to facilitate the advance of the Third Corps?

Answer. There were a great many baggage wagons turned off the road by order of General McDowell as they passed the place where he stood, so that the Third Army Corps might follow right after the troops on the advance.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you on the night of the 25th or morning of the 26th carry any orders to General Sigel; if so, where did you find General Sigel?

Answer. I did, on the morning of the 26th. I found him about 2 o'clock between 3 and 4 miles from Warrenton, retreating toward Warrenton; that is, about half way between Warrenton and Waterloo Bridge.

The court had no questions to ask this witness.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General MCDOWELL. On the occasion of the march of General McDowell's troops from Buckland Mills what word was sent back to you from General Reynolds as to the cause of the column not moving?

Answer. General Sigel's corps was stopping at Gainesville. He was making no preparation to advance or to organize or form his line, and that his men were stopping, building fires to cook their breakfast, and blocking up the way, so that his division could not get forward.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Who was sent forward by General McDowell on this occasion in consequence of this message?

Answer. Major Barstow, assistant adjutant-general.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Was the order given to General Sigel, to send no wagons but for ammunition with his corps on the road from Warrenton to Buckland Mills on the 27th of August complied with; if not, to what extent and was there any embarrassment caused to the march of the Third Corps by these wagons?

Answer. Numbers a large number of baggage wagons, understood to be General Sigel's, were on the road, embarrassing and indeed stopping the march of troops.

The court had no questions to ask this witness at this time.

Major S. F. BARSTOW, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Were you sent with an order to General Sigel on the morning of the 28th of August? What was that order? Where did you start from? Where did you find General Sigel? In what state were his troops? What did General Sigel say on its delivery?

Answer. I was sent with an order to General Sigel on the morning of the 28th. We moved out from Buckland Mills on the 28th August before day (General McDowell and staff) and halted by the side of the road; we found a great many wagons of a train which ought not to have been there. The question was asked if they were ammunition wagons, and the answer was "No, they were not." All wagons were ordered to turn out except ammunition wagons.

While we were engaged on that duty General McDowell called me to him and said I must ride on, find General Sigel, and order him to move on and clear the road. I rode on, and found General Sigel about a mile beyond Gainesville at a quarter past 8. I rode up to him and told him that General McDowell's orders were that he should move at once on Manassas Junction. He asked where was General McDowell. I said we were in close column behind him, and when he (General Sigel) halted he halted the

