
Answer. As nearly as I remember we joined General King early in the afternoon of the 28th, and, I think, about two hours after General McDowell started for Manassas Junction.

Question by the COURT. Where was General King's division when you joined him and where was General Reynolds' division?

Answer. I do not know of my own knowledge where either of them were.

Question by the COURT. Was General King separated from his division?

Answer. I presume his division was with him; I cannot say from my won knowledge. I presume he was moving with his troops to Manassas Junction.

Question by the COURT. At what time did General McDowell reach Manassas Junction?

Answer. I was left behind to see to the disposal of some prisoner. I did not start with General McDowell. I did not see him again that night. I remained that night at the Weir house, near Manassas Station.

Question by the COURT. Did you have any information as to where General McDowell had gone when you arrived at Manassas Station?

Answer. I did not.

Question by the COURT. Did you have any information as to the position of King's and Reynolds' divisions at the time you left the Centreville road, in the forenoon, when you were shelled?

Answer. I did not.

Question by the COURT. What prisoners were they with whom you remained after you were separated from General McDowell?

Answer. The principal prisoner was a captain of infantry. A number of prisoners were brought in just as General McDowell was preparing to leave.

Question by the COURT. Did General McDowell make any inquiry of those prisoners, or any of them, in respect to the direction taken by Jackson?

Answer. He examined the prisoners as to the position of the enemy.

Question by the COURT. What did he learn from them on that subject?

Answer. I do not remember; I don't think I heard the whole examination.

Question by the COURT. Did you encounter any enemy on the march that day except at the point where you were shelled on the Centreville road?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by the COURT. When and where did you next see General McDowell after reaching Manassas?

Answer. At the Weir house, as near as I can remember, which is marked on the map.

Question by the COURT. Where were his troops that morning at the time you met him?

Answer. I don't remember exactly. In regard to King's division, my impression is that it was near Manassas Railroad, about 2 miles from Manassas Station, toward Bristoe. I do not know this, as I was not with the troops, and merely state it as my impression.

Question by the COURT. At what time did General McDowell leave the Weir house, and where did he go?

Answer. He left it about 10 in the morning, as near as I can remember. He went toward Bull Run.

