
Question by the COURT. Did you go with him during the 27th?

Answer. I was not in his immediate company but a portion of the time.

Question by the COURT. When, so far as you have knowledge, did he first come in presence of his corps on that day?

Answer. I don't remember whether General McDowell was present with some of the staff on the hill opposite the rebel position when the battle was going on or whether he was with General Pope. I don't remember any particular place that I saw him until after the battle of the 29th. I remember one of his staff asking me if I thought the men had better cheer as they charged up the hill. I said I thought they had better. Whether General McDowell was there or not I cannot say; there was so much confusion.

Question by the COURT. When do you remember of first seeing General McDowell after the battle?

Answer. I was lying on the grass beside General Pope when General McDowell came up. It was near the hospital and just after dark-just after having charged the enemy's batteries and carried them. We remained there all night.

Question by the COURT. What troops of General McDowell were engaged in the battle of the 28th, to which you refer?

Answer. I can't state. I have stated before that I was ill, as my reason for not knowing more.

Question by the COURT. Can you give any information or reason why the troops of General McDowell were marched away from the direction of the Centreville road after it was ascertained by the shells thrown at you in the morning that the enemy was in that direction?

Answer. Only that they may have moved to take up a better position.

Question by the COURT. Was General Pope present with General McDowell when the latter, as described by you, was seated under a tree sending and receiving dispatches?

Answer. He was not.

Question by the COURT. Had you any information on the 28th that General Sigel, shortly after commencing his march, had discovered a long line of the enemy's pickets?

Answer. I never heard of it until testified to before the court.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. What was your position on General Pope's staff in the late campaign in Virginia?

Answer. In the early part of the campaign I was chief of cavalry of that army; the latter part of it I was inspector-general.

Question by General McDowell. What do you know of the order of General Pope to General Banks relative to the battle of Cedar Mountain, August 9, 1862?

Answer. Early in the morning of the 9th of August I was sent by General Pope to the front of the army, with directions, when General Banks should reach a position where the night before I had posted General Crawford's brigade, that I should show to General Banks positions for him to take to hold the enemy in check, if it attempted to advance toward Culpeper. Two days previous, the 7th and 8th, I had been to the point, knew the country, and had reported to General Pope my impression that a large force of General Jackson would be at Cedar Mountain, or near there, on the 9th, reenforcing Ewell's troops, who were already there. General Pope authorized me before going to the front to give any orders in his name to any of the officers that might be in the field senior to me. I understood his object was to hold the enemy in check there that day, and not to attack until the other troops of his command should arrive and join General Banks.

