
was no danger of an attack, and that the reports of many of the scouts were greatly exaggerated. it was only the advance of Ewell that reached Cedar Mountain on the 8th; that I considered the brigade of Crawford a sufficient force to hold him in check there that day. I had also information that the most of Jackson's force was behind and crossing the Rapidan late on the 8th and on the morning of the 9th, so that I did not believe that they could have reached the position of Banks and fight him or make the attack on the 9th. I can add I don't think he was liable to be attacked by the enemy. I think he brought the attack on, and that he would not have been attacked but for his own demonstration against the enemy and his belief that there was but a small force of the enemy. I will add that General McDowell's position at the cross-roads (5 miles distant) was within supporting distance, and that it was important he should remain there to protect in the direction of Stevensburg, another way to the Rapidan.

Question by the COURT. What was the force of the enemy at the battle of Cedar Mountain?

Answer. The entire corps of Jackson and Ewell's divisions-about 35,000 men.

Question by the COURT. In the event of any danger to General Banks at Cedar Mountain was it not the duty of General McDowell to go to his aid without further special orders to that effect?

Answer. Had General McDowell known of any danger to General Banks I think it would have been his duty to have gone to him, and I understood that he did go to him; that he started without any orders.

Question by the COURT. You have spoken of batteries being put in position by the enemy, to which you called the attention of General Banks. Did these batteries threaten the position held by General Banks' forces?

Answer. General Banks' forces were under artillery fire all the time they were on the field, and he established his batteries, replying with great effect to the batteries of the enemy, forcing several of them to change position and silencing a number of their guns. The enemy acknowledged that it was the most destructive artillery fire during the war. I have never seen better artillery practice that under General Banks on that day.

Question by the COURT. State the general direction, by points of the compass, of General Banks' line of battle, the position of his troops before he concluded to advance to an attack of the enemy.

Answer. His general direction was from east to west, his right resting on a farm-house west. The water of Cedar Run was directly behind him; his artillery was formed on the crests of a series of rolling hills.

Question by the COURT. How far were the woods distant from his right, in which woods the enemy was massing the forces referred to in your direct examination, and to which you called General Banks' attention before he made the attack?

Answer. I think those woods were about a thousand yards from the first position General Banks took when I called to his attention that the enemy had massed in the woods; it was after he had advanced his line so as to bring his right nearer to the woods. Gordon's brigade, however, was behind these woods and to the right of them.

Question by the COURT. To what point, in reference to the right flank of General Banks, did General McDowell's troops advance before they encountered the enemy?

Answer. General McDowell's advance brought him about the center of General Banks' line, considering Gordon's brigade a part of the line.

Question by the COURT. From what direction did the enemy attack General McDowell's forces?

Answer. I was not present when the enemy attacked General McDowell's forces. I was over the ground the next morning, and can state what I know of the position they came in and made the attack.

