
the Second, Third, and Fifth Virginia Infantry, and Hyman's, Johnson's, and Ewing's batteries.

5th. General Schenck's brigade, composed of the Thirty-second, Seventy-third, Seventy-fifth, and Eighty-second Ohio Infantry, De Beck's and Rigby's batteries, and a small detachment of cavalry. Rear guard following upon ambulances and ammunition thins. General Steinwehr's brigade, under command of Colonel Koltes, consisting of the Twenty-ninth and Sixty-eighth New York and the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, and Dieckmann's battery.

Special investigation and roll call at Fabius May 29 had given as present effective strength of all arms something over 11,000. Deducting from this number garrisons, guards, working parties, &amp;c., left in rear, together with disabled, sick, and stragglers upon the route, and 10,500 men is a liberal estimate of force in hand and for duty with above column June 8. Our lowest estimate of Jackson's force gave him 18,000. Many of the horses of General Bayard's cavalry having been reported unserviceable for want of shoes, his command was left temporarily at Harrisonburg, in charge of baggage trains.

My chief quartermaster having fortunately provided for contingencies of the kind, such animals as proved in need were duly attended to, and General Bayard at a later hour came forward. Part of his force was retained as escort to baggage and the remainder disposed to cover the line of communication against parties which might threaten it from the many by-roads or cross-roads striking the main route.

At about 8.30 a. m. my advance, under Colonel Cluseret, came up with the enemy at a point near union Church and immediately engaged him. The rebels fell stubbornly back through the timber and open ground, Colonel Cluseret vigorously pursuing for the distance of about a mile. At the locality now reached he came upon Jackson's main force in order of battle. In the mean time my own main body coming promptly up, the several brigades were successively directed upon lines selected with a view to general attack.

The formation was substantially upon Colonel Cluseret's brigade, which had pushed the forces opposed to it fully back upon their supports, and now held firmly a good position well to the front.

General Stahel's brigade, advancing along the main road till past Pirkey's farm, took position in the open ground, forming the left of the first line.

General milroy's brigade, leaving the main road and turning sharply to the right, formed in with a lessened interval upon Cluseret's right, becoming then the eight of the first line.

General Bohlen's brigade was conducted in nearly the same direction as Stahle's, taking position opposite to the interval between Stahel and Cluseret, and, pending the arrival of Steinwehr's bridge, acting as reserve to both.

General Schenck's brigade, following in the direction taken by Milroy's, was placed in position, bringing his line in echelon to the right and rear, securing thus our right against any flank demonstrations by the enemy.

My directions for the general disposition were promptly and skillfully carried out by my chief of staff, Colonel Albert. Through a like skill and energy on the part of my chief of artillery, Colonel Pilsen, as also of his assistant on the occasion, Captain Dilger, eight and a half of my ten batteries were within the brief space of third minutes got into positions favorable to the work required of them.

Our line of battle then stood thus: Right wing, Milroy, with Schenck

