
Question by General MCDOWELL. Where were you on the 28th of August and how engaged that day?

Answer. I was generally in the company of General McDowell, whose headquarters and corps were moving from Buckland Mills in the direction of Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State the incidents of the movement of General McDowell and corps in the direction of Manassas Junction.

Answer. I have already alluded to the delay in the movement by wagons on the road, by troops not going forward who were to lead the advance. After the march was resumed there was some cannonading heard and felt. The march was then continued in the direction of Manassas Junction, and some time in the afternoon there were orders received from General Pope which caused a change in the direction of the corps-the march of the corps. These are the orders:

The witness read the orders, as follows: From Major-General Pope to Major-General McDowell, dated Headquarters Army of Virginia, Manassas Junction, August 28, 1862-1.20 p. m.; from Major-General Pope to Major-General McDowell, dated Headquarters, Manassas Junction, August 28, 1862, which orders are appended to the proceedings of this day and marked A and B.

The witness continued:

These orders were received about 4.15 o'clock in the afternoon. Instructions were then given for execution of the order last read, and the headquarters were then moved over to Reynolds' division, which we accompanied some time, they getting on the road to Sudley Spring and the headquarters proceeding to General Pope's headquarters at Manassas Junction. The first order I submitted was received a very short time before the second order, and instructions in obedience to it were prepared but not published because of the countermand of the second order from General Pope.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What route was given to King's division and what to Reynolds'?

Answer. King was turned right up toward the Warrenton turnpike and directed to advance on that road, and Reynolds was put upon the Sudley Springs road, passing through New Market. I can't divisions at the time this order was given.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did General McDowell find General Pope at Manassas Junction?

Answer. No.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Where did General McDowell go from Manassas Junction and what caused him to take the direction he took?

Answer. He went north, in the direction of the firing, which firing was the reason of his going that way.

Question by General MCDOWELL. State where General McDowell staid the night of the 28th, and the time, as near as you recollect, of his reaching that place.

Answer. It was dark when we left Manassas, and thinking to take a short cut we went over fields and got into a wooded swamp, which, with the darkness, caused us to lose our way for some time; and after extricating ourselves took the road by Bethlehem Church and went north, riding till, I suppose, nearly midnight, expecting to find Reynolds' division. Failing entirely in this, the general and his staff laid down in the neighborhood of some of General Sigel's people, who were bivouacked there.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Where did General McDowell go on the morning of the 29th?

Answer. Very early, as soon as we could see, he set out, having ascertained where General Reynolds' division was, to join it.

