
Question by General MCDOWELL. Where did he find General Reynolds' division and what was reported to him by General Reynolds?

Answer. He found it at a place called Conrad's, which is nearer to the pike than marked on the map, and here he learned of the fight which King had the night before.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did he learn here where King's and Ricketts' divisions had moved to during the night? If so, state the place where they had gone.

Answer. Yes; we heard they had gone to Manassas Junction.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Where did General McDowell go after leaving Reynolds' division and what were the direction he left with Reynolds?

Answer. He went to Weir house, near Manassas Junction, and I think his instructions were to support General Sigel in anything which he might undertake to do in the quarter in which he was.

Question by General MCDOWELL. For what purpose did General McDowell go to Manassas Junction after leaving Reynolds?

Answer. To join the division of his corps.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Do you recollect what he said to Reynolds with respect to the disposition he purposed making of these divisions of his corps?

Answer. No; I have no remembrance.

Question. He directed his divisions on the road to follow General Fitz John Porter's corps, that was marching in the direction of Gainesville, by the Bethlehem church road, and then proceeded himself with his staff to the front until he reached the headquarters of General Porter.

Question by General MCDOWELL. See if this is an order General McDowell received on the 29th of August last.

The order referred to was from Major General John Pope to Major-Generals McDowell and Porter, dated Headquarters Army of Virginia, Centreville, August 29, 1862, which order was read by the witness aloud, and is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked C.

Answer. This is the order.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Where did General McDowell go after leaving General Porter?

Answer. He went over to the right of the headquarters of Porter, and after that I parted with him for a while, and rejoined him at or near Bethlehem Church, where King's division was. It was then pretty well advanced in the day.

Question by General MCDOWELL. What direction did he give King's and Ricketts' divisions?

Answer. to march on the Sudley Springs road.

Question by the COURT. At what time in the morning of the 28th did you hear and feel the cannonading of the enemy?

Answer. I should think it was about noon. I cannot answer positively.

Question by the COURT. Where was the cannonading which you felt?

Answer. It was to our, but where I do not know.

Question by the COURT. Where were you with reference to the Warrenton pike?

