
Genera McDowell will take immediate steps to communicate with General Ricketts and instruct him to rejoin the other divisions of his corps as soon as practicable. If any considerable advantages are to be gained by departing from this order it will not be strictly carried out.

One thing must be held in view, that the troops must occupy a position from which they can reach Bull Run to-night or by morning. The indications are that the whole force of the enemy is moving in this direction at a pace that will bring them here by to-morrow night or the next day.

My own headquarters will for the present be with Heintzelman's corps or at this place.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORTY-FIRST DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH ST. AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., January 12, 1863.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, * * *, and Lieutenant Colonel DAVIS TILLSON, Maine Artillery, the witness under examination.

* * * *

The court was cleared.

The court was opened.

The further examination of Lieutenant-Colonel Tillson was suspended in order to receive the evidence of Major-General Meade, U. S. Volunteers.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you see General Sigel early on the morning of the 29th of August and before any movements were made by the troops on that day? Where was he at that time?

Answer. I did, sir; and he was at his headquarters on the field at a place usually known as the Robinson house.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Were you at that time the senior officer present on that occasion with Reynolds' division?

Answer. Yes, sir; at least I supposed myself to be.

Question by General MCDOWELL. Did you report your command to General Sigel as the senior officer present, so far as you know and did you inform him of its position with respect to his corps?

Answer. I reported to General Sigel that, in the absence of my superior officer, General Reynolds, who had left the night previous and had not returned had I was ignorant whether his absence was owing to his being capture by the enemy or had lost his way, I had come to report to him the position of my command, to ascertain his position, to know what he was going to do, and to obtain his advice and judgment what I had better do until some officer superior to both of us should arrive to regulate our movements-General McDowell or General Pope.

Question by the COURT. Had Reynolds' division been left the night before without instructions from any officer superior in rank to you, so far as you have knowledge?

Answer. It is not in my power to answer that question. Reynolds was in command of the division. In taking up our position the afternoon previous, whilst moving

