
rapidly as possible to the field, and went forward myself with the division leaving behind me in Culpeper the whole corps of Sigel, with orders to push forward as soon as possible to the field. General McDowell was in nowise responsible for anything connected with these movements, but in all respects carried out my instructions faithfully and zealously.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was not General McDowell personally at your headquarters during the 9th prior to his receiving your orders to send Ricketts' division to the front, and was not he there in compliance with your instructions sent to him at his headquarters?

Answer. He was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was General McDowell's conduct at the battle of Cedar Run Mountain under your immediate notice? If so, state what was his conduct in the management of his troops and otherwise on that occasion.

Answer. He was under my immediate observation near the conclusion of the battle of Cedar Mountain, when he put his troops into the action on Banks' right. His conduct throughout was gallant and efficient.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you accompany the Third Army Corps on the march from Rappahannock to Warrenton, and were General McDowell's headquarters with yours on the 22nd, 23rd, 24th,and 25th of August? If so, state if the dispositions made of that corps on those days were made in conformity with your orders.

Answer. I accompanied the Third Army Corps from the Rappahannock to Warrenton on the 23rd. On the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th my headquarters were with those of General McDowell, and part of the day on the 25th. The dispositions of his corps were made by my orders on those days and under my immediate observation.

Question by General McDOWELL. From the time of your leaving Warrenton on the afternoon of the 25th till General McDowell left there can you state if the orders he gave his corps were not immediately reported to you and if these orders were not approved by you?

Answer. Some of the orders that he gave were reported to me and approved by me. I cannot say that he reported to me all the orders given by him, but all that he reported to me were approved.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did or not, so far as you know, General McDowell neglect or fail in any way to carry out any of your orders as to the disposition of his corps at or in the vicinity of Warrenton or Sulphur Springs or Waterloo with reference to any movement you had ordered General Sigel to make?

Answer. He did not. When we commenced the movement toward Sulphur Springs and Warrenton on the 23rd August it was on information that large forces of the enemy had crossed the Rappahannock at Sulphur Springs and Waterloo Bridge. The river having risen 6 or 8 feet on the night of 22nd, so as to destroy the fords, I purposed to throw my whole force rapidly upon whatever forces of the enemy were on the north side of the river, hoping to be able, on account of the high water, to crush them before they could succeed in recrossing the river. General Sigel commanded the left, and was instructed to push forward to the Waterloo Bridge, following the course of the Rappahannock. I told him I would push forward McDowell's corps from Warrenton to join him, if necessary, near Waterloo Bridge: but on the 24th I sent a strong reconnaissance forward to Waterloo Bridge, under General Buford, from Warrenton, and he reported to me on the afternoon of the 24th that there was no enemy on the north side of the river, and that he had fired the bridge at Waterloo. I immediately informed General Sigel of the whole of these facts; that I was sure there was no enemy between him and Waterloo. I therefore did not consider it necessary to push McDowell's corps any farther in that direction. As soon as the advance of General Sigel's corps reached Waterloo General Buford took post with all his cavalry on his right, and picketed the river for several miles above Waterloo. I make this statement to show why the corps of General McDowell was not advanced toward Waterloo Bridge on the 24th.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were not the communications fre-

