
eral McDowell's corps came up the Sudley Springs road by New Market, did you send him any orders?

Answer. I did.

Question by General McDOWELL. In the order of the President constituting the Army of Virginia under you command was General Reynolds' division a part of the Third Corps, to be commanded by General McDowell?

Answer. It was not. General Reynolds' division was the advance division of General Porter's corps, coming from the direction of Fredericksburg to re-enforce the Army of Virginia. As it arrived some days before the rest of the corps, and just on the eve of our movement toward Waterloo Bridge, it was temporarily assigned to duty with the corps of General McDowell.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was not the sending of General McDowell's troops up the Warrenton road on the evening of the 29th in conformity to your orders?

Answer. It was.

Question by General McDOWELL. State what was General McDowell's conduct under your command in the late campaign in Virginia.

Answer. Having by the order of the President been placed in command of an army the commanders of the corps of which were my seniors in rank, my position was embarrassing, and likely to lead to unkind feelings between myself and the commanders of the army corps. I am gratified to be able here to bear testimony to the zeal and energy, the ability and the cordial sympathy, of General McDowell from the first to the last day of the campaign in Virginia. In my judgment he has merited and should receive the gratitude of his country and the applause of his countrymen.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened, and the court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 14, 1863, at 11 o'clock a.m.

APPENDIX.

A.

AUGUST 28, 18644-2.30 p.m.

Major-General POPE, Commanding Army of Virginia:

GENERAL: I am at the road (3 miles from Manassas Junction) which leads to New Market and thence across Bull Run to Centreville.

I have with me all my corps except Milroy's brigade, which has gone in advance toward the Junction. Shall I pursue this road? General Milroy can join us by a direct road from the Junction through New Market. I prefer this, because there is no water here: I can obtain it by going to Bull Run or even this side of New Market, and I understand that Manassas Junction is now crowded with our troops of other corps and divisions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

FORTY-THIRD DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH ST. AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., January 14, 1863.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, * * *, and Major General JOHN POPE, U. S. Volunteers, the witness under examination.

* * * * *

