
Captain FRANKLIN HAVEN, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did General McDowell on the afternoon of the 28th send out any parties to scout or reconnoiter to the left or north of the turnpike?

Answer. I accordance with General McDowell's instructions I took a company of cavalry to General Reynolds, which he sent out, with some of the Bucktail regiment, I think, toward Sudley Springs. Other forces, I think, were ordered in that direction, but I do not know of my own knowledge.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did General McDowell send you to accompany King's division on the afternoon or evening of the 28th, when it was ordered to Centreville?

Answer. He did.

Question by General McDOWELL. What took place on that march?

Answer. On the march the enemy made an attack on King's division, which was repulsed by Gibbon's brigade and two regiments, I think, in the advance. The enemy's forces were driven off, and General King and General Reynolds (the latter having come up personally) sent me to General McDowell to say that General King would not continue the march to Centreville as ordered, but would remain where he was, and that General Reynolds would bring back his division and join General King at daylight.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you not also instructed to say that King would not move from where he was without instructions from General McDowell?

Answer. It was explicitly understood that he would remain where he was until General McDowell should send him fresh orders to the contrary.

Question by General McDOWELL. When you left General King had not the engagement entirely ceased?

Answer. It had entirely ceased nearly an hour before I left General King.

Question by General McDOWELL. About how long did it continue?

Answer. About an hour, I thought.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where did the engagement take place? Was it on the turnpike, or north of it or south of it?

Answer. The troops were marching over the turnpike when they were shelled from the enemy, who was a short distance to the north. General King's forces then left the turnpike and attacked them and drove them off.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you bear any order to General King from General McDOWELL requiring or permitting him to leave the place on the turnpike where he was when you left him?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by the COURT. Did General King strike the turnpike east or west of Groveton, or at Groveton?

Answer. About a mile west of Groveton, I think.

Question by the COURT. How far is Groveton from Gainesville?

Answer. My impression was about 3 miles or 3 1/2 miles.

Question by the COURT. At what time did you leave General King that afternoon or evening to convey a message from him to General McDowell?

Answer. I think it was a little after 9 o'clock.

Question by the COURT. Did you find General McDowell that night?

Answer. I did not.

