
Question by the COURT. Where was Reynolds' division when the attack was made on King?

Answer. It had advanced over the turnpike, and about that time was about 3 miles in advance of General King from the place of the engagement.

Captain W. H. W. KREBBS, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you on duty with General McDowell on the 28th of August last?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did General McDowell send you to General Sigel on the occasion of the march from Gainesville toward Manassas Junction on the 28th of August last after the skirmish of Reynolds' division?

Answer. He did.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where did you find General Sigel's command, on the north or south side of the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. I found General Sigel's command on the south side of the railroad; he and staff. I should think about 4 miles from Gainesville, on the south side of railroad.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you represent to General Sigel that he was not on the right road, and that it was General McDowell's order that he should go to the north of it?

Answer. I told him that he was mistaken; that I understood the order that his right should rest on the railroad, his left on our right, which was on the Warrenton turnpike.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you sent a second time to General Sigel by General McDowell in the afternoon of the 28th? If so, what did you say to him?

Answer. I was sent to him by General McDowell on the afternoon of the 28th-I should judge it was about 2 o'clock-to find out if the enemy was really at Manassas Junction or not. General Sigel said they were not; he was certain. His cavalry had been there; also Generals Reno and Kearny. I communicated this intelligence to General McDowell as soon as I got back. I found General Sigel the second time three quarters of a mile from the place where I delivered the first message, at a farm-house, about to dine. His artillery horses were unhitched and gone to water, and his men were building fires, preparing to cook their dinners.

Question by the COURT. At what time did you report to General McDowell the answer of General Sigel?

Answer. I should think it was about half an hour after I left General Sigel. I rode as fast as my horse could go, which was my orders from General McDowell.

Question by the COURT. On which side of and how far from the railroad was General McDowell when you found him?

Answer. He was on the north side, near the railroad.

Question by the COURT. How far from the Warrenton pike was he?

Answer. About a half or three quarters of a mile.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. When General McDowell went to Reynolds' division on the afternoon of the 28th where did he find General Reynolds, and did General McDowell preceded his division to Bethlehem Church?

14 R R-VOL XII

