
Answer. He found him that afternoon at a farm-house, getting dinner, I think, and we preceded his division to Bethlehem Church.

Question by General McDOWELL. You have stated it was dark when General McDowell left Manassas. Can you, on reflection, state more definitely as to the time he left?

Answer. It was hardly dark, for I remember seeing the remains of the buildings hat had been burned the day before, and it was about dark when we were in the swamp and lost our way.

The court instructed the recorder to address a communication to the War Department, calling attention to a communication addressed to the Department on the 30th December, 1862, for certain papers, and also requesting a copy of Major-General Banks' report of the battle of Cedar Mountain, if the same be on file in the War Department.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 15, 1863, at 11 o'clock a.m.

APPENDIX.

A.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

No., -. Warrenton Junction, August 27, 1862.

The following movement of troops will be made, viz:

Major-General McDowell, with his own and Sigel's corps and the division of Brigadier-General, Reynolds, will pursue the turnpike from Warrenton to Gainesville, so as to reach Gainesville, if possible, to-night.

The army corps of General Heintzelman with the detachment of the Ninth Corps under Major-General Reno (General Reno leading), will take the road from Catlett's Station to Greenwich, so as to reach there to-night or early in the morning. Major-General Reno will immediately communicate with Major-General McDowell, and his command, as well as that of Major-General Heintzelman, will support Major-General McDowell in any operations against the enemy.

Major General Fitz John Porter will remain at Warrenton Junction till he is relieved by Major-General Banks, when he will immediately push forward with his corps in the direction of Greenwich and Gainesville to assist the operations of the right wing.

Major-General Banks, as soon as he arrives at Warrenton Junction, will assume the charge of the trains and cover their movement toward Manassas Junction. The train of his own corps, under escort of two regiments of infantry and battery of artillery, will pursue the road south of the railroad which conducts into the rear of Manassas Junction. As soon as the trains have passed Warrenton Junction he will take post behind Cedar Run, covering the fords and bridges of that stream, and holding that position as long as possible. He will cause all the railroad trains to be loaded with the public and private stores now here, and run back toward Manassas Junction as far as the railroad is practicable. Wherever a bridge is burned so as to impede the farther passage of the railroad trains, he will assemble them all as near together as possible and protect them with his command until the bridges are rebuilt. If the enemy is too strong before him before the bridge can be repaired, he will be careful to destroy entirely the trains, locomotives, and stores before he fails back in the direction of Manassas Junction. He is, however, to understand that he is to defend his position as long as

