
possible, keeping himself in constant communication with Major-General Porter on his right. If any sick, now in hospital at Warrenton Junction, are not provided for and able to be transpired he will have them loaded into the wagon train of his own corps (even if this should necessitate the destruction of much baggage and regimental property) and carried to Manassas Junction. The major-general commanding the Army of Virginia feels assured that he will discharge these duties with intelligence, courage, and fidelity.

The general headquarters will be with the corps of Major-General Heintzelman until further notice.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,One mile below Warrenton, August 24, 1862-1 p.m.

Major-General SIGEL, Commanding First Corps:

General Buford reports his occupation of Waterloo Bridge without finding an enemy. He is ordered to destroy the bridge and await further orders. I think you will find no enemy between Waterloo Bridge and Sulphur Springs on this side of the river.

Ascertain, certainly if, the enemy has built a bridge at Sulphur Springs, and destroy it if he has done so, and it be possible. As soon as you ascertain that there is no force of the enemy on this side of the river between Waterloo Bridge and Sulphur Springs you will halt, communicate with these headquarters by the direct road from Sulphur Springs, to this place, and await further orders.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

C.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

August 26, 1862-[8.10 a.m.]

Major-General McDOWELL:

I sent instructions last night to make a strong reconnaissance across to Sulphur Springs, intending that Sigel should do the same thing at Waterloo Bridge and Reno at Rappahannock Station. Sigel reports himself unable to do anything until his men are rested. I directed him to halt them somewhere near Warrenton and put them in camp for to-day. Reno, instead of going to Bealeton and thence to Kelly's Ford, has come to this place and is now near here. You must, therefore, under these circumstances, exercise your discretion about the reconnaissance to Sulphur Springs; but it will certainly be well for you to ascertain what there is in the direction of Waterloo Bridge and still farther to your right. Send for General Milroy; he is a courageous man. I think Sigel must be crazy. If you deem it necessary assume command also of Sigel's corps. It is essential that we should watch the movements of the enemy toward our right in some manner. Out of Buford's, Bayard's, and Sigel's cavalry enough can certainly be found to perform this service. Troops are accumulating here, but not very fast. Take charge of the front and use everybody you find there.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I will push Reno to Fayetteville. It will be well to have the men cook three days' rations. Please notify Banks and Sigel.

