
general order received that morning to move my division toward Manassas, but the details of the order have escaped my memory. As I remember the order was verbal.

Question by the COURT. On your route that day did you meet General McDowell; and, if so, where?

Answer. I think I saw General McDowell twice at least on that day; on the morning before we marched at or near Buckland Mills, and in the afternoon I think 2 or 3 miles to the right of the Warrenton turnpike, in the direction of Bethlehem Church. My impression is this was about 4 o'clock in the afternoon.

Question by the COURT. Did you receive an order changing the direction of your division that afternoon; and, if so, what was that order?

Answer. I received an order from General McDowell turning my division back to the Warrenton pike, with instructions to march to or toward Centreville, and with the caution to look out for my left flank. This was at the time of the last interview I had with General McDowell.

Question by the COURT. Was this order communicated to you by General McDowell in person, by an aide, or in writing?

Answer. My recollection is that it was a verbal order, communicated through, an aide on the general's staff; yet I have the impression that it was the general himself who cautioned me to look out for my left flank.

Question by the COURT. Was or was not the place of this interview, at the point described by you, in the immediate neighborhood of Bethlehem Church?

Answer. No; my recollection is that it was nearer to the Warrenton turnpike than to the Bethlehem Church considerably.

Question by the COURT. Did you turn back to the pike or proceed toward Bethlehem Church?

Answer. We went back to the pike and marched along it.

Question by the COURT. Do you then mean to be understood that you did not go to the immediate neighborhood of Bethlehem Church?

Answer. My first impression was that we went to the Bethlehem Church. Since recalling my last interview with the general I am now under the impression that I went no nearer to the Bethlehem Church than the place of interview.

Question by the COURT. Did you encounter the enemy after returning to the Warrenton pike and where?

Answer. Near Groventon, on the left of the pike. I think the engagement commenced about 6 o'clock.

Question by the COURT. How long did the engagement last?

Answer. I judge about and hour and a half.

Question by the COURT. What was the result of it?

Answer. The attack of the enemy was repulsed and my troops maintained possession of the ground. We collected our dead and wounded. The severity of the action you can judge from the fact that the Second Brigade of my division, under General Gibbon, consisting of four regiments, numbering about 2,300 men, assisted by two regiments from Doubleday's brigade, were engaged in the action. Gibbon's brigade lost in killed, wounded, and missing about 782. The entire loss of Gibbon and Doubleday was about 1,000.

Question by the COURT. How long did you retain possession of the ground, and when you moved where did you go?

Answer. We remained at or near the battle-field till toward 2 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, then we fell back toward the neighborhood of Manassas Junction.

Question by the COURT. What orders or occasion had you to fall back to the neighborhood of Manassas Junction?

Answer. The falling back was in pursuance of a consultation with my general offi-

