
cers, under the opinion that the enemy was in force too strong where we were and that it was our duty to join the main body of our troops.

Question by the COURT. What do you mean by the main body of our troops and where did you suppose them to be?

Answer. I supposed at the time one large body of our troops was at or near Centreville and another at or near Manassas Junction. It was the opinion of my officers that we could not with safety, or without involving the loss of our division, pursue our march to Centreville, and our only alternative, therefore, was to pursue the route to Manassas Junction.

Question by the COURT. What troops did you suppose to be at Manassas Junction?

Answer. I have no distinct impression. I had the general belief that a large body was there; what divisions I did not know.

Question by the COURT. Had you any directions or information from General McDowell as to his headquarters or where to apply to him in any emergency?

Answer. I had with me at the time two or three of General McDowell's staff, one of whom I sent immediately after the action to where I supposed General McDowell to be, which was in the immediate neighborhood of Manassas Junction. I think the officer was Captain Haven.

Question by the COURT. Had you any orders or directions given to you by General McDowell to return that night to Manassas?

Answer. I had no orders on that subject. I acted on my own responsibility.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened.

Question by the COURT. Did General McDowell ever investigate your movements and action in that particular and approve or disapprove them?

Answer. I am not aware that General McDowell investigated the movement, nor do I know whether he expressed approval or disapproval. He did not to me.

Question by the COURT. Had you any information from General McDowell or otherwise as to the position of Sigel's corps and Reynold's division that night?

Answer. I do not remember to have received any.

Question by General McDOWELL. After leaving Gainesville to what point did you follow in the route of another division in your march? Did you continue to follow it after you left the turnpike?

Answer. We followed it along the turnpike for some distance and then turned to the right some miles beyond Gainesville. We followed it while on the turnpike, but did not follow it after we left the turnpike.

Question by General McDOWELL. After the engagement of the evening of the 28th did General Reynolds personally join you before you fell back?

Answer. I have tried repeatedly to recall that circumstances of his joining me and holding a conversation with me, but I cannot recollect the fact.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you not quit the command of the division on the forenoon of the 29th?

Answer. I did.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you not ill on and after the time of your leaving the division, and have you made any report to General McDowell of the operations of your division in the campaign in Virginia?

