
Question by the COURT. At what time did you retire from the Gap and where did you go?

Answer. I retired from the Gap just after dark on the evening of the 28th, and rested my division that night between Hay Market and Gainesville. I was myself at Gainesville.

Question by the COURT. Did you not receive notice from General McDowell during the afternoon of the 28th, or while you were at Gainesville, that Reynolds' and King's divisions had been directed to-ward Centreville?

Answer. I don't recollect of receiving that.

Question by the COURT. Where did you move when you left Hay Market and Gainesville and at what time did you start?

Answer. I moved toward Manassas, and started very early in the morning of the 29th-after break of day.

Question by the COURT. Before or after sunrise?

Answer. It is impossible for me to say; it was somewhere about sunrise; whether before or after I cannot say.

Question by the COURT. How near to Manassas did you go?

Answer. I went past Manassas Junction.

Question by the COURT. How far past Manassas Junction did you go and where?

Answer. I was conducted by a guide on the Suddley Springs road, and remained near the road, not far from the Henry house, where the headquarters of my division remained for the night.

Question by the COURT. After leaving Gainesville on the morning of the 29th did you receive any orders from General McDowell; and, if so, where were you when you first received them?

Answer. I received some orders somewhere between Gainesville and Manassas from General McDowell. I think somewhere nearer Manassas than Gainesville. I do not remember the precise point. If not mistaken, the order was brought me by Captain Wadsworth.

Question by the COURT. What orders or occasion had you to go from Thoroughfare Gap to the place last referred to by you, between Gainesville and Manassas?

Answer. I left Thoroughfare Gap because the enemy was turning the right and left flank. I left Gainesville because General King sent me word that he would retire to ward Manassas; that was all.

Question by the COURT. Did any communication other than the one referred to in your last answer pass between you and General King during the 28th August and up to the time that you moved from Gainesville on the morning of the 29th? And, if so, state what they were.

Answer. I had two communications from General King; the first stating that he had an engagement with the enemy and had held his ground; the other representing a large force of the enemy in front of him, and that he would retire toward Manassas. In answer to the last I told him that I would retire from my position. I do not recollect of any others.

Question by the COURT. Why did you not await orders from General McDowell to move from Gainesville on the morning of the 29th August?

Answer. When General King sent me word that he would retire I then knew I would be unsupported.

Question by the COURT. Have you knowledge of any neglect or omission of General McDowell in respect to the management of his

