
present case, when the President interposed, and by an order of his own made good his original instructions, he performed an act of high duty, to which General McClellan could properly take no exception; and if in that act he diminished the force of General McClellan, and subjected him to any evil consequence whatever, the responsibility for it was with General McClellan and not with the President.

Question by General McDowell. Do you know if the Secretary of War reproached General McDowell for failing to fulfill the duty imposed on him as a corps commander by the President in the matter of the fore to be left for the protection of the capital?

Answer. I have no recollection of anything of that kind.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court General Orders, Numbers 2.

Colonel Schriver presented General Orders, Numbers 2, dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, Fairfax Court-House, April 10, 1862, which is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked P.

The court instructed the recorder to address a communication to the War Department, requesting the notes of the council of division commanders of the Army of the Potomac, held in Washington at the Headquarters of the Army of the Potomac and at the President's in February or March, 1862.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 17, 1863, at 11 o'clock a.m.

APPENDIX.

A.

PRESIDENT'S SPECIAL EXECUTIVE MANSION,

WAR ORDER, Numbers 1. Washington, Januaary 31, 1862.

Ordered, That all the disposable force of the Army of the Potomac, after providing safely for the defense of Washington, be formed into an expedition for the immediate object of seizing and occupying a point upon the railroad southwestward of what is known as Manassas Junction, all details to be in the discretion of the General-in-Chief, and the expedition to move before or on the 22nd day of February next.

A. LINCOLN.

B.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, February 3, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

MY DEAR SIR: You and I have distinct and different plans for a movement of the Army of the Potomac: Yours to be down the Chesapeake, up the Rappahannock to Urbana, and across land to the terminus of the railroad on the York River; mine, to move directly to a point on the railroad southwest of Manassas.

If you will give me satisfactory answers to the following questions I shall gladly yield my plan to yours:

1st. Does not your plan involve a greatly larger expenditure of time and money than mine?

2nd. Wherein is a victory more certain by your plan than mine?

3rd. Wherein is a victory more valuable by your plan than mine?

