
FORTY-SIXTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., January 17, 1863

* * * * *

The presiding officer of the court instructed the recorder to produce and read the letter from Major-General McClellan to Major-General N. P. Banks, dated Headquarters Army of the Potomac, on board the Commodore, April 1, 1862. which letter was received by the court January 9, 1863. The letter was read by the recorder, and is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked A.

Lieutenant Colonel DAVIS TILLSON, Maine Artillery, a witness was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you with General King's division on or near the Warrenton turnpike at the time became engaged with the enemy on the evening of the 28th of August last?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. State the position of the enemy on that occasion with respect to the Warrenton turnpike.

Answer. The enemy were upon a road leading, as I understand, from Sudley Springs to Hay Market, and approaching in the direction, on this road, from Sudley Springs. The head of their column was nearly opposite that point upon the turnpike from which General Reynolds' division had been shelled in the morning by the enemy. The road from Sudley Springs to Hay Market apparently approached Warrenton turnpike slightly, and is about a mile and a half north from Warrenton turnpike.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the condition of the artillery and artillery ammunition in King's division after the engagement.

Answer. It was in its usual condition, with the exception that one of Captain Monroe's caissons had been blown up his own order in consequence of breaking stock and the inability to move it. I think a very few horses had been killed and only a small amount of ammunition expended.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you accompany General McDowell on the morning of the 30th of August in a reconnaissance in front of the right of our line?

Answer. I did.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you learn, in the course of this reconnaissance, where the left of the enemy had been on the 29th?

If so, state where it was, with reference to Bull Runn.

Answer. I did learn from General Heintzelman, who was present with General McDowell, and also, I think, from Colonel Allen, of the Maine cavalry, the position previously occupied by the enemy, which was on the Centreville side of Bull Run.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was this to the north of the Warrenton pike?

Answer. It was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Can you state how far?

Answer, I can simply say some miles. I should say in the vicinity of 5 or 6 miles, but in this I may be incorrect.

Question by General McDOWELL. About what hour was it that King's division commenced to withdraw from its position where it engaged the enemy?

Answer. From 11 to 12 o'clock.

