
was any other route to Manassas Junction more direct or favorable than the one over which you marched.

Answer. The route we took was the only one of which I have any personal knowledge.

Captain ROBERT CHANDLER, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you at Falmouth, opposite Fredericksburg, last spring and part of last summer?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you know what became of the wheat harvested from the fields in the vicinity of the Lacy house?

Answer. A field of from 40 to 60 acres of wheat on the east of the Lacy house was harvested by the post quartermaster then at Falmouth; afterward thrashed and ground up into flour and furnished to our troops. This was the same field that was protected by General McDowell while our troops were there.

The court adjourned to meet on Monday, January 19, 1863, at 11 o'clock a.m.

APPENDIX.

A.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,On board the Commodore, April 1, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The change in affairs in the valley of the Shenandoah has rendered necessary a corresponding departure-temporarily at least- from the plan we some days since agreed upon. In my arrangements I assume that you have with you a force amply sufficient to drive Jackson before you, provided he is not re-enforced largely. I also assume that you may find it impossible to detach anything toward Manassas for some days, probably not until the operations of the main army have drawn all the rebel force toward Richmond.

You are aware that General Sumner has for some days been at Warrenton Junction, with two divisions of infantry, six batteries, and two regiments of cavalry, and that a reconnaissance to the Rappahannock forced the enemy to destroy the railway bridge at Rappahannock Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Since that time our cavalry have found nothing on this side of the Rappahannock in that direction, and it seems clear that we have no reason to fear any return of the rebels in that quarter. Their movements near Fredericksburg also indicate a final abandonment of that neighborhood. I doubt whether Jonston will now re-enforce Jackson with a view to offensive operations; the times has probably passed when he could have gained anything by doing so. I have ordered in one of Sumner's divisions (that of Richardson, late Sumner's) to Alexandria for embarkation. Blenker's has been detached from the Army of the Potomac and ordered to report to General Fremont.

Abercrombie is probably at Warrenton Junction to-day; Geary at White Plains.

