
Question by General McDOWELL. On that march were you sent forward by General McDowell to the head of the column with orders to the division commander of King's division?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. What were those orders?

Answer. That King's division should from on the left of General Reynolds' division

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you see General McDowell himself take measures to cause that division to move forward and form on the left of Reynolds?

Answer. I did.

Question by the COURT. What were the measures taken by General McDowell?

Answer. Going to the head of General King's division, directing the chief of artillery to bring up the batteries and move them forward rapidly, sending orders by his aides to the different commanders of King's division to bring up their troops quickly, and, I think, himself going to the front and directing the disposition of Captain Monroe's battery.

Question by the COURT. State as nearly as you can, the time of day.

Answer. I am very doubtful as to the time, but should say it was between 4 and 5 o'clock that these measures were commenced, but later when completed.

Question by the COURT. What was done on the day of the 29th, prior to the beginning of the movement described by you, viz, at 4 p.m.?

Answer. About noon of the 29th-it may have been earlier-General McDowell and staff left Manassas Junction and went forward to where General King's division halted in the morning, gave the necessary directions as to the order in which the troops should march, went forward with the troops, and was occupied in moving forward, as before stated, until after dark. What General McDowell did preceding noon I have no knowledge.

Question by the COURT. Why did he not move earlier than at noon?

Answer. I am not able to say further than it may have been earlier than noon, as I have before stated.

Question by the COURT. Where was General Reynolds?

Answer. I do not know definitely; I was not with him during that day.

Question by the COURT. Why did General McDowell go by Sudley Springs road instead of back by the way the divisions of King and Ricketts came?

Answer. In order more rapidly to get his troops forward and into action, General Porter being in his (General McDowell's) front.

Question by the COURT. How did it happen that General Porter got in General McDowell's front?

Answer. I have no knowledge whatever.

Question by the COURT. Were the movements that day, which were ordered or superintended by General McDowell, made with the rapidity which, under such circumstances, the exigency of the case would seem to demand?

Answer. General McDowell was himself very active and energetic, making every effort to get the troops forward, whether his orders were as promptly and actively executed as they should have been by all the different commanders I am unable to say, not being in a position where I could see but a portion of the command. The movement from the position where the troops started, near Manassas Junction, until they reached the vicinity of the battle-field, was the ordinary rate of march. I should say the distance was about 5 or 6 miles.

