
Question by the COURT. At what time during the night of the 28th did King's division start for the point it reached during the night and at what time did it halt?

Answer. I think the moving commenced between 11 and 12 o'clock. We halted some time after daylight in the morning. I am uncertain about the time; it was after sunrise, and may have been 8 o'clock, I think the portion of the column that we were with-about the middle of the column-halted at about 8 o'clock.

Colonel ED. SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Can you state if General McDowell was active on the 29th of August in getting his troops on the road to Gainesville as ordered by General Pope? About what hour was it when the troops got on the way?

Answer. I answer, yes. I think they moved between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did General McDowell, after his troops had gotten on the march and had come to a halt, go forward personally to the head of General Porter's column?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was he not engaged in consultation with General Porter at the head of the column? Was he not also occupied with General Porter in making a reconnaissance of the front?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. When he left General Porter did he go rapidly back to the head of his own column? If so, state how rapidly.

Answer. I became separated from General McDowell a moment, and on inquiring where he went was told by an orderly that he had gone in a certain direction, pointing it out. He went so fast that he was out of my sight, and I therefore was unwilling and unable to follow him in the direction he went, not being acquainted in the direction

of the route. I therefore retraced my steps (my mode of coming to Porter's headquarters), and thence by the road went back to the head of our column, where I found General McDowell, and where I learned he had gone across the fields by a short cut.

Question by General McDOWELL. When he reached the head of his own column do you know if he took immediate measures to turn it off on the Sudley Springs road?

Answer. I think I saw the troops moving on that road when I got there.

Question by the COURT. What time did General McDowell turn his column on the Sudley Springs road?

Answer. It was some time in the afternoon, but I cannot tell when. I made no note of it.

Question by the COURT. How far had his column been moved by his orders during the preceding portion of the day?

Answer. I think it must have been 4 to 5 miles; probably more than that. The distance from Manassas to where he halted was probably 3 miles.

Question by the COURT. At what time did General McDowell part with General Porter?

Answer. I can't tell.

Question by the COURT. Early in the morning of the 29th at what time did General McDowell reach Reynolds' division, and how far was it from the place where he bivouacked near Springs corps?

Answer. He reached it very early in the morning. I can't tell the hour nor can I now tell the distance.

