
Question by the COURT. Where did General McDowell learn that King had retired during the night?

Answer. It was Reynolds' headquarters, I think, but I can't remember when.

Question by the COURT. How long did he remain with Reynolds'

division after arriving there?

Answer. I cannot state the time. We took breakfast there.

Question by the COURT. On arriving at Reynolds' division; did General McDowell dispatch any aide-de-camp or other officer or messenger to halt King's column or to intercept Ricketts' division and half it?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

Question by the COURT. By what route did General McDowell return to Manassas?

Answer. I cannot remember. I remember that we went to the Weir house first, but the route tell. I do not know that we did not return by way of Bethlehem Church.

General McDowell informed the court that Major Willard, aide-de-camp, can give evidence on the matter under present consideration.

Question by the COURT. Do you know how it happened that in returning McDowell's corps followed instead of leading Porter's?

Answer. No, I do not know, unless it was so ordered. I do not know whether it was so ordered or not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Witness states General McDowell remained at Reynolds' quarters to take breakfast. Can witness state if General McDowell had eaten a meal since the 27th?

Answer. No, I can't say, but have reason to believe that he had not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does the witness recollect if, on coming to Manassas, General McDowell did not meet General Porter before he found his own division, and if Porter's division did not get their orders before General McDowell's division got theirs?

Answer. I can't remember that.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does the witness recollect if General Porter, when General McDowell met him, had not already received an order from General Pope to move his corps on the road to Gainesville?

Answer. I do not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Can the witness state if the country between the Warrenton pike, Bull Run, the Sudley Springs road, and the Manassas Railroad does not contain many of the old hutted camps or winter quarters of the enemy?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does the witness recollect if there are not many cross-roads leading to and from these various camps?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does witness recollect if it was not some time after the troops of Porter and King were on the march before Ricketts' division could be brought into the road?

Answer. I have no recollection of it.

Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court the communications which passed between General McDowell and General Pope on the 26th and 27th of August.

