
The communications referred to in the foregoing question were read by the recorder and are appended to the proceedings of this day.*

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 20, 1863, at 11 o'clock a.m.

FORTY-EIGHTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE.

Washington, D. C., January 20, 1863.

* * * * *

Brigadier General WILLIAM F. BARRY, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. What is your rank in the Army?

Answer. I am a major of artillery in the Army of the United States and a brigadier-general of volunteers.

Question by the COURT. Were you on duty in March and April last?

If so, where and in what capacity?

Answer. I was on duty in March and April of last year as chief of artillery of the Army of the Potomac, commanded by Major-General McClellan.

Question by the COURT. State if you made any report at that time to Major-General McClellan respecting the force of artillery to be left in and about Washington for the defense of the capital.

Answer. I did not at that time. I did previously to that time. I did previously to that time, in connection with General Barnard, the chief engineer of the Army of the Potomac. We made a join report of the number of troops. I think this was in February. This report was a long one, and one showing the force necessary to garrison the defenses fully and partially. I have no copy of the report. It was an official report, and I suppose is on file. The report stated in detail the amount and strength of the artillery and the number of infantry necessary to be stationed at the forts.

Question by the COURT. State fully and particularly what was the artillery force left by Major-General McClellan for the defense of Washington.

Answer. With regard to the field batteries I can state that seven were left in a camp about three-quarters of a mile east of the Capitol, in the city of Washington. These batteries number, I thin, thirty-two guns. At that time the returns of troops in the forts were made to General Doubleday, who had relieved me, and I therefore cannot answer respecting the garrison of the forts. Of the seven batteries three were fully equipped and fit for service. Three others were fully equipped, with the exception of horses, of which they had an insufficient number. The remaining battery the Sixteenth New York Battery, had reported but a few days previous, and had no equipments at all. There was at the time an abundance of material at the Washington Arsenal to have immediately equipped this battery. The three batteries without horses could have immediately been furnished with them. There was no design not intention to withdrawn any of these batteries for the Army of the Potomac, and they were not withdrawn.

Question by the COURT. Were those field batteries fully and efficiently manned? Were the artillerists composed of the new levies? Did any portion of the force consist of the regular artillery?

Answer. The field batteries were as fully and efficiently manned as the majority of batteries in the Army of the Potomac. With the exception of the Sixteenth New York Battery they had all been under instruction for about two months. One of them, the Ninth New York Battery, had been under instruction for about six months. They were all volunteer batteries.

---------------

*These communications, being duplicated in McDowell's report of campaign from August 16 to September 2, are omitted from appendix.

---------------

