
Question by the COURT. State, so far as you know, what followed, so far as the movements of General McDowell's troops and your own were

concerned, and what orders you subsequently received from General McDowell.

Answer. General McDowell took King off to the right. I know nothing further of his movements. I remained where I was until 3 o'clock next morning; a portion of the command left at daybreak. I received no orders whatever from General McDowell.

Question by the COURT. But for this order, what movement would you have made, and have you reason to suppose that, if you had not been stopped, the junction of Longstreet and Jackson would have been effected?

Answer. I should have continued moving toward Gainesville, and until we got onto the turnpike or met the enemy. I presume we would have prevented the junction or been whipped.

Question by the COURT. Have you any written orders from General McDowell respecting your movements on the 29th? If so, produce them.

Answer. None whatever.

Question by the COURT. Do you know of any other matter or thing tending to show that General McDowell was treacherous, incompetent, unfaithful, or otherwise disqualified for the command of a division, corps or department? And, if you do, state what you know as fully as though you were specifically interrogated in respect thereto.

Answer. I have no reason to know, and never had any reason to suspect, anything whatever of General McDowell which would tend in any way to disqualify him from holding either of such commands.

Question by General McDOWELL. Had you any other warrant for believing that King's division of McDowell's corps was assigned to your command than what was contained in the first order to you from General Pope on the 29th, which directed you to take King's division with you in your movement to Gainesville?

Answer. None other than verbal information, given by General Gibbon.

Question by General Gibbon brought me the order from General Pope. All that I recollect is the impression given to me that General Pope wished me to move quickly.

Question by General McDOWELL. What passed between you and General McDowell at Manassas with respect to King's division?

Answer. He spoke of King's division being under my command or having been assigned to me, and spoke of it with regret. I have no recollection of anything further in reference to King's division.

Question by General McDOWELL. So far as you recollect, did he learn of King's division being under your command from you?

Answer. I think he learned it from General Gibbon. I do not know. He (General McDowell) told me as quickly as I knew it otherwise. I wish to add, now that it is brought to my recollection, I believe it was Captain Piatt who brought me a verbal message from General Pope, directing me to move on Gainesville, and to take King's division with me. This officer I met on the road to Centreville, while going to execute another verbal order sent by General Pope, and before I received the order through General Gibbon. I say it was Captain Piatt, as Captain Ball, of General McDowell's staff, so informed me.

Question by General McDOWELL. Under what relations as to command did you and General McDowell move from Manassas and continue prior to the receipt of General Pope's joint order?

