
Answer. I did not know that General McDowell was going from Manassas, and I have no recollection of any relations whatever nor of any understanding.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was there nothing said about General McDowell being the senior, and of his commanding the whole by virtue of his rank?

Answer. Nothing that I know of.

Question by General McDOWELL. What time did you take up your line of march from Manassas Junction for Gainesville?

Answer. The hour the head of the column left, I presume, was about 10 o'clock; it may have been earlier. Ammunition had been distributed to the men, or was directed to be distributed, and the command to be put in motion immediately.

Question by General McDOWELL. When you received the joint order where were you personally, and where was your command?

Answer. I was at the head of my column, and a portion of the command, or the head of the column, was then forming line in front; one regiment, as skirmishers, was in advance, and also a small party of cavalry, which I had as escort. The remainder of the corps was on the road. The head of my column was on the Manassas road to Gainesville, at the first stream, as previously described by me.

Question by General McDOWELL. Please state the order of your division, &amp;c., in the column at that time.

Answer. First Morell's; next Sykes'. The other brigade-Sturgis' or Piatt's-I knew nothing of, having left it, in compliance with orders from General Pope, at Warrenton Junction, with orders to rejoin as soon as possible.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where was King's division?

Answer. I left King's division getting provisions and ammunition near Manassas Junction. I gave personally direction to General Hatch, in command, to move up as quickly as possible. I did not see General King at all.

Question by General McDOWELL. The witness says he received an order from General McDowell-or what he considered an order-when General McDowell first joined him, which order he did not obey. Will witness state whey he disobeyed what he considered an order?

Answer. The order, I have said, I considered an order, in connection with his conversation and his taking King's division from me. I therefore did obey it.

Question by General McDOWELL. What did you understand to be the effect to General McDowell's conversation? Was it that you were to go no farther in the direction of Gainesville than you then were?

Answer. The conversation was in connection with moving over to the right, which necessarily would prevent an advance.

Question by General McDOWELL. You state you did not think General McDowell's order (if it was one) a proper one, and that for that reason you continued your movement as if you has not seen the joint order. I s the witness to be understood that this was in obedience of what he has stated to be General McDowell's order?

Answer. I did not consider that an order at that time, and have tried to convey that impression; but it was an expression of opinion which I might have construed as an order; but when General McDowell left me he gave no reply to my question, and, seeing the enemy in my front, I considered myself free to act according to my own judgment, until I received notice of the withdrawal of King.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 21, 1863, at 11

o'clock a.m.

