
APPENDIX.

A.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Centreville, Va., August 29, 1862.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

Push forward with your corps and King's division, which you will take with you, upon Gainesville. I am following the enemy down the Warrenton turnpike. Be expeditions or we will lose much.

JNO. POPE.

Major-General, Commanding.

FORTY-NINTH CAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE,

Washington, D. C., January 21, 1863.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, * * *, and Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER, U. S. Volunteers, the witness under examination.

* * * * * *

The witness stated that he answered one question propounded yesterday as considering it confined to General McDowell's ability and his faithfulness, and that the answer is not as general as he now finds the question requires.

The witness proceeded:

My further amendment is with reference to his integrity is a witness before the general court-martial of which I was defendant.

At the instance of a member the court was cleared.

The court was opened, and the following decision announced:

Evidence of General McDowell's integrity as a witness on any other trail cannot be received on this inquiry, nor does the question call for such testimony.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the effect on your movements of they message you state was brought to you by Colonel Locke (your chief of staff) from General McDowell, that you were to stay where you were; that he was "going to the right and would take King with him?"

Answer. The effect was to post my command, or a portion of the command, in line where the head of the column then was, prepared to resist the advance of an enemy in that direction, and turn a portion of the command a little back on the road. After doing this I sent messages to General Pope informing him of the fact.

Question by General McDOWELL. Informing General Pope of what fact?

Answer. Of my present position and what there was in my front. I will say that I sent several messengers, conveying, to the best of my recollection, the general information of my location, and one telling him that King's division had been taken to the right. Some of those messengers never returned to me, and I presume were captured.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you receive any further message from General McDowell other than the one you state that Colonel Locke brought you, as before stated, which you considered an order?

Answer. None that I recollect of. I had memoranda which I sent to General Morell, and which conveys the general impression that I had received messages from General

