
McDowell, but I have no recollection of receiving them, nor were they brought to mind till their appearance before the court. That memoranda says General Mc-McDowell informs me all is going well on the right, or something to that effect.

Answer. I have no recollection, and I am confident I received no message or order from him other than those that I have mentioned.

Question by General McDOWELL. On his march to Gainesville does witness recollect crossing the Sudley Springs road? Does he know where Bethlehem Church is?

Answer. I now recollect the road. I did not know it at the time I crossed it. I now know where Bethlehem Church is.

Question by General McDOWELL. When General McDowell saw witness the second time how far had the witness gone on the road to Gainesville beyond the Sudley Springs road?

Answer. To the best of my recollection it was 1 1/2 or 2 miles-perhaps a little over 2 miles.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far was it from the head of witness' column to Gainesville?

Answer. I do not know. I had never been over that portion of the country and have not been since.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far was it, in witness' opinion, from Manassas to Bethlehem Church?

Answer. Of those distances I have very little knowledge-very little recollection-and only know them by reference to the map.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long had the witness' head of column been halted when General McDowell joined him?

Answer. I cannot say, but not long. It had halted before I arrived there.

Question by General McDOWELL. Witness speaks of the effect of General McDowell's message (as brought by Colonel Locke) to have been to cause him to remain in position at the place where General McDowell first saw him. How long did witness' troops continue in this position?

Answer. A portion of the command remained there till daybreak the following morning and some till after daybreak. The most of Morell's division was on or near that ground all day.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did witness conceive himself prohibited from making or attempting to make any movement to the front or to the right or to the front and right?

Answer. By that direction or order, taken in connection with the joint order, I considered myself checked in advancing, especially taken in connection with the removal of King's division. I did not consider that I could move to the right, and I consider that General McDowell took King's division to form a connection on the right or to go to the right and form such a connection as was possible. I add, further, that I considered it impracticable to go to the right.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did witness attempt to make any movement in either of the directions above named?

Answer. Not directly to the right; I did to the right and front; and when I received the last message from General McDowell to remain where I was I recalled it.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you make no attempt to go to the front or the right, or the right and front, after that message?

