
Answer. I made no attempt with any body of troops. I sent messengers through there to go to General Pope and to get information from the troops on the right.

Question by General McDOWELL. Witness speaks of having reported to General Pope. When did witness conceive himself as no longer under General McDowell?

Answer. My messages were addressed to General McDowell, I think, all of them. The messengers were directed to deliver them to General Pope if they saw or met him. I considered myself as limited in my operations under General McDowell's orders until I should receive directions from General Pope.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long were they together after moving to the right?

Answer. It may have been ten or twelve minutes; perhaps longer.

Question by General McDOWELL. Witness refers to some conversation between himself and General McDowell when they first met, which, taken in connection with an expression of opinion by General McDowell, witness conspired an order. Can the witness state what that conversation was?

Answer. I only recollect the impression left upon my mind at the time, and merely a reference to the artillery contest going on far to our right.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was no the joint order referred to in that conversation?

Answer. I have no recollection of it. It may have been referred to, because we went to the right, my belief is, to look at the country; but I do not recollect anything at all of the order being referred to.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were not the remarks witness has stated to have been made by General McDowell made with reference to the point in the joint order which required the troops not go to a point from which they could not get behind Bull Run that night?

Answer. I think I have replied to the question by stating I do not recollect.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does not the witness recollect asking General McDowell if he knew of any roads leading to the right or right and front of the head of witness' column?

Answer. I do not. Early in the day General McDowell loaned me a map, and may have given some explanation with it. This is all the information I recollect of receiving, or having in my possession, of the country.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does not the witness recollect of being made acquainted by General McDowell with information received by him from General Buford as to the force of the enemy which had passed through Gainesville?

Answer. I do.

Question by General McDOWELL. When the witness and General

