
McDowell moved to the right, "with a view of seeing the character of the country," what were "the few words" which witness states passed between them?

Answer. I have given some of the words already; that was, my suggestion to take King's division to the right. I have no recollection of any conversation or any words being used by me or him, except, when reaching the railroad, remaking that the railroad was an obstacle, we having some little difficulty in getting over it with our horses.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does the witness recollect nothing of what was said by General McDowell on that occasion, and of his telling the witness to take his troops across to the Warrenton road, and of General McDowell's intention to go back to take his troops up the Sudley Springs road?

Answer. To the best of my recollection nothing of the kind was conveyed to my mind.

Question by General McDOWELL. You have stated "when General McDowell left me I did not know where he had gone." Have you not stated before the recent court-martial in your defense as follows: "We" (General McDowell and yourself) "soon parted, General McDowell to proceed toward the Sudley Springs road, I to return to the position at which he first spoke to me after our meeting?"

Answer. I know now where General McDowell went. I did not know then.

Question by General McDOWELL. After General McDowell left you say you sent an officer to King's division, directing it to remain where it was for the present. What was the necessity for this order? Had the division, so far as you then knew, been ordered elsewhere?

Answer. I sent the message to that division to remain where it was for the present in order not to bring it to the front, where I was forming line, before I was ready for it, and intending to use it as the main support.

Question by General McDOWELL. Why did you continue to regard King's division as attached to your command after the receipt of the joint order?

Answer. I never the thought of the point before; but General McDowell had left me, and, as I understood, in nowise changing the relations of King's division to my corps.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did not the joint order itself modify the first order you received from General Pope?

Answer. It placed all under the direction of General McDowell.

Question by General McDOWELL. If it placed all under General McDowell how did you regard the fact of its being addressed jointly to you and him, and not to him only, if he was the sole commander?

Answer. I had reason to believe that order was written on an application made by me to General Pope for orders to be given to me in writing; this in consequence of having received verbal orders from him by persons whom I knew nothing of, and which were contrary to some instructions which I had received in writing. I presume the order was written by General Pope because I had a portion of General McDowell's command with me, and the order was intended for both.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did witness send any written order to King's division?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long was it after you left General McDowell before you sent Colonel Locke to King's division?

Answer. I sent him as soon as I returned to my command after leaving General McDowell. I returned immediately.

