
Question by General McDOWELL. Did you not ask General McDowell for some cavalry, stating you had none to send with messages; and did you not ask General McDowell to keep you informed when he should be over to the right with the main body?

Answer. I have an indistinct recollection of asking for some cavalry. I do not recollect of asking General McDowell to keep me so informed.

Question by General McDOWELL. Will witness state if this is a copy of a note he addressed to Generals McDowell and King?

The note referred to was shown the witness.

Answer. To the best of my recollection it is.

The note was read by the recorder, and is from Major General F. J. Porter to Generals McDowell and King, and is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked A.

The court took a recess of five minutes.

Question by General McDOWELL. Can you recollect the date of that note and about the hour it was written?

Answer. It was written on the 29th. I do not know the hour or about the hour.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you not receive an order in the afternoon of the 29th from General Pope, addressed to you alone, directing you to make a certain movement?

Answer. I did.

Question by General McDOWELL. With reference to what took place when General McDowell met yo, whilst he was with you, when he was leaving you, and with reference to what he did or said, or did not do or say, when he was near Bethlehem Church, have you not spoken of General McDowell's evidence, as given on your recent trial, as having done you great wrong and great harm? If so, can you state wherein that testimony differs from what you have testified to on those points?

This question was objected to by a member of the court, and it was decided the question be overruled.

The witness stated that he had no objection to answer the question.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened, and the court adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 22, 1863, at 11 o'clock a.m.

APPENDIX.

A.

Generals McDOWELL and KING:

I found it impossible to communicate by crossing the roads to Groveton. The enemy are in strong force on this road, and as they appear to have driven our forces back, the firing of the enemy having advanced and ours retired, I have determined to withdraw to Manassas. I have attempted to communicate with McDowell and Sigel, but my messengers have run into the enemy. They have gathered artillery and cavalry and infantry, and the advancing masses of dust show the enemy coming in force. I am now going to the head of the column to see what is passing and how affairs are going. Had you not better send you train back?

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

I will communicate with you.

