
The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet Monday, January 26, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

FIFTY-THIRD DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., January 26, 1863.

* * * * * *

The recorder, in answer to a question by the court, stated that he had heard nothing further respecting the matter of attendance before the court of Brigadier-General Milroy and Lieutenant-Colonel Locke, who have been summoned as witnesses.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 27, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

FIFTY-FOURTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., January 27, 1863.

* * * * * *

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. What knowledge have you of any order or orders given by General McDowell on the 29th day of August last, and of the whereabouts of General McDowell on that day? State fully and particularly, specifying time and circumstances, as nearly as you remember.

Answer. I was the bearer of a message from General McDowell to General Porter on the afternoon of the 29th August somewhere between 2 and 3 o'clock. At the time of receiving this message of General McDowell he was standing on the right-hand side of the road going to Manassas and near Bethlehem Church. The message was in these words or in words to this effect: "Give General Porter my compliments, and say to him that I am going to the right, and will take General King with me; that I think he had better remain where he is for the present, and if it is necessary for him to fall back, to do so upon my left." This message I carried directly to General Porter. This is the only order I bore General Porter from General McDowell. I heard General McDowell, in the morning or somewhere about noon, make a remark to General Porter which was to this effect; "Porter, you are too far out already; this is no place to have a fight." The first time I saw General McDowell on the 29th was at a brick house at Manassas Junction about 10 o'clock in the morning. I was then in company with General Porter. I subsequently saw him in the place where we were in position, near Gainesville, and about noon. The last time I saw him was on the occasion I have mentioned, near Bethlehem Church. At the time I bore the communication to General Porter the head of General Porter's column was about 2 miles from Bethlehem Church and in the direction of Gainesville. General Porter's column, at about noon, was on an elevated position between the Gainesville road and Manassas Gap Railroad, and about 2 miles from Bethlehem Church in the direction of Gainesville. I am not positive as to the distance, but have always thought it about 2 miles.

Question by the COURT. Do you know of any matter or thing tending to show that General McDowell was treacherous to the country, incompetent, unfaithful, or otherwise disqualified for the command of a division, corps, or department? And, if you do, state what you know as fully as though you were specifically interrogated in respect thereto.

Answer. I do not know of any such thing or believe any such thing.

