
Question by General McDOWELL. Will witness state under what circumstances he chanced to see General McDowell near Bethlehem Church on the 29th? For what purpose did he come there?

Answer. I was the bearer of a message from General Porter to General King. As I rode down the Gainesville road to Bethlehem Church I saw General McDowell, with another officer, standing by the side of the road. This officer I took to be General King, to whom I delivered my message, first asking this officer if he was General King, to which he assented affirmatively. It was upon the delivery of my message to General King that General McDowell gave me the message to give to General Porter.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the message you bore from General Porter to General King?

Answer. "To remain where you are till further orders."

Question by General McDOWELL. How long after General McDowell quitted General Porter was in that the latter sent you to General King?

Answer. I don't remember exactly; it may have been an hour.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you accompany General Porter when he rode from the head of his column with General McDowell to see the country to the right?

Answer. Yes; I rode just in the rear.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you return with General Porter after General McDowell and he parted?

Answer. I did.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long after he returned to the head of the column was it before he sent you to General King?

Answer. I have no very distinct recollection as to the length of time that elapsed. My impressions are that he stopped behind after we crossed the railroad to give some directions to General Morell. It was very shortly after General Porter returned to the head of the column that I was sent to General King.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you pass any of General McDowell's troops on your way down the road to see General King up to the point where you state you met him with General McDowell?

Answer. To the best of my recollection they (the troops) were halted just about that place.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was General King's position personally when you saw him-on horseback or on foot, standing or sitting?

Answer. He was standing on the left of General McDowell and leaning against the fence.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long did you remain with General King or McDowell?

Answer. But a few moments. It may have been ten minutes, but I hardly think so long.

Question by General McDOWELL. You speak of hearing some remarks made by General McDowell to General Porter on the occasion of his joining General Porter at the head of his column. Did you hear the entire conversation between them?

Answer. No, sir; I did not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you know if General Porter was given a part of General McDowell's cavalry on the morning of the 29th?

