
Answer. I do not know what cavalry General McDowell had. I do not know the fact. I wish to correct my answer. I thought the question referred to a force of cavalry, but there was a small detachment, numbering 12 or 14 men, left with General Porter as messengers.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you leave with General Porter's message to General King before or after that part of my cavalry escort was given to General Porter?

Answer. I don't recollect.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you recollect General McDowell's having in his conversation with General Porter referred to the joint order they each had received from General Pope?

Answer. I don't think I heard the conversation to which that refers.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear in what connection the remark of General McDowell to General Porter about being too far out, &amp;c., was made?

Answer. I don't think it was made in connection with any conversation. It appeared to me to be induced by the appearance of the place.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear General McDowell acquaint General Porter with the report of General Buford of the number of the enemy's force that had passed through Gainesville?

Answer. I did not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you recollect at the time you left Generals King and McDowell whether they had their horses near them?

Answer. No, I do not remember. My attention was not called to that.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you leave General McDowell immediately after you received the message you state to carry it to General Porter?

Answer. I did.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you or not, on the 29th of August, receive a message from General Fitz John Porter, by the hands of Lieutenant-Colonel Locke, at or near Bethlehem Church, in the presence of General McDowell?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you and General McDowell together at all on the 29th of August at or near Bethlehem Church and after you and he parted near Manassas?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by the COURT. Did you receive any order from Lieutenant-Colonel Locke?

Answer. I did not.

Captain DANIEL W. HUGHES, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you with General King on the morning of the 29th of August last, on the occasion of the march of his division from Manassas on the road to Gainesville?

