
Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were he and General McDowell together at all at or near Bethlehem Church on the 29th and after they parted near Manassas?

Answer. Not at all during the day.

Question by General McDOWELL. What is your rank in the United States service?

Answer. I am captain and additional aide-de-camp.

Question by the COURT. What time did Generals King and McDowell part at Manassas on that day?

Answer. I should judge between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning. General King was sick, and had been for days previously, and did not exercise any command after 9 o'clock that morning.

Question by the COURT. Do you know that the sickness of General King was known to General McDowell?

Answer. He knew it that morning. General McDowell knew that he had been sick for some days, or at least I think he did.

Question by the COURT. How do you know that?

Answer. I've heard them talking together of his sickness of Warrenton and other places previous to this day. General King complained to General McDowell of feeling very sick several times on the road from Warrenton. General King looked as if he was fatigued out and very weak and sickly.

Captain DUNCAN A. PELL, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. What is your rank in the United States service?

Answer. I am a captain and aide-de-camp on the staff of Major-General McClellan, and assigned to duty with General Burnside.

Question by the COURT. Where were you on the 28th of August last?

Answer. In the morning of the 28th, at about 10 o'clock, I was with the Confederates-the column of General Ewell's division-on Cub Run, somewhere near the crossing of the road from Manassas Junction, and to the northward of it, to some point they had been at the night before. I do not know the place, but think it was Centreville. I made an error in saying the Manassas Junction road; it was the crossing over Cub Run of a road to the north of Centreville and Gainesville road. The troops that I was with halted there for some hours, and then proceeded to a place called Groveton Heights by way of Sudley Springs. They arrived at Groveton Heights about 8 o'clock in the evening. There had been a battle there, in which Doubleday's division was, I think, engaged. I personally reached Groveton Heights at this time. There were troops and wagons in front and in rear of me. I think the greater part of Ewell's division was behind me, and know we passed a great many troops on the road during the day. I left Manassas Junction about 9 o'clock on the evening of the 27th. The rebel troops commenced their march previous to that time. I did not leave with the first of them.

Question by the COURT. Were there any portion of the rebel troops moved from Manassas Junction toward Warrenton on the southwest side of Bull Run?

Answer. I do not know. I had not the means of knowing.

Question by the COURT. Do you know whether any portion of the rebel force proceeded from Cub Run along the Warrenton pike toward Groveton?

Answer. I do not know.

