
Question by the COURT. Were you present at the engagement at Groveton Heights on the 28th?

Answer. I did not arrive until about half an hour after it was over.

Question by the COURT. Were you present at the battle which took place on the 29th?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question by the COURT. What opportunities had you for observing what had transpired?

Answer. I at the first part of the day, while they were fighting almost immediately upon the field of the night previous, had very good opportunities for observation, but afterward, when the United States troops occupied that ground, I was sent to the rear of the Confederate Army by A. P. Hill, and had no further opportunity to see the action that day. The rebel force there, from the information I could collect from observation and otherwise, was about 21,000, being the whole of Jackson's corps, three divisions.

Question by the COURT. Did you see or do you know of any movement of our troops which was an improper one, and which, in consequence of its impropriety, inured to the benefit of the enemy? If so, state fully and particularly.

Answer. On Friday, the 29th, which was the only day on which I could well observe the movements of the army, the enemy were decidedly worsted. I did not see our troops except early in the morning.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 28, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

FIFTY-FIFTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., January 28, 1863.

* * * * * *

The recorder of the court stated that he had nothing further respecting the attendance of Brigadier-General Milroy as a witness before the court.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 29, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

FIFTY-SIXTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., January 29, 1863.

* * * * * *

Major FRANZ KAPPNER, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was duly sworn.

The evidence of Major Franz Kappner was interpreted by Charles D. Arnaud (a citizen of Saint Louis), who was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. State your rank and position in the military service of the United States.

