
the enemy could be flanked, and it also is my impression that it was only one army corps of the enemy at the time. If at that time we had engaged the enemy, with the aid of General McDowell on the left, I am of the opinion we could have carried the day before re-enforcements could have come to the enemy. For that day this is all I know. By withdrawing General Sigel from that position I believe it gave advantage to the enemy.

At the instance of Major-General McDowell Captain Wladislas Leski was sworn to assist as interpreter during the examination of the witness.

The witness continued:

In consequence of our retreat from that position the enemy had ample time to put himself in position and await re-enforcements. This is all I have to say for the twenty-eighth day.

Question by the COURT. Who was the officer who took the message from General Sigel to General McDowell, referred to?

Answer. Assistant Engineer Burchard, formerly assistant engineer; at present first lieutenant and aide-de-camp on General Cluseret's staff.

Question by the COURT. Did you see Lieutenant Burchard start to go to General McDowell?

Answer. No, not while I was on the hill; but Lieutenant Burchard came back again and informed me while I was there.

Question by the COURT. From that hill could you see Manassas Junction?

Answer. No; it was too far to the left.

Question by the COURT. Could you see Centreville from that hill-top?

Answer. Yes.

Question by the COURT. Did you see any other portions of the enemy than what you have described?

Answer. None but what I have stated. It was not everywhere that I could see, on account of little woods.

Question by the COURT. Could you see General McDowell's corps?

Answer. Not on the 28th; there were woods in the rear of me. It was everywhere woods, but in that particular place open fields.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was there an apple orchard on that hill-top?

Answer. Not in a position toward the enemy, but toward the left there was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was there a road near the hill?

Answer. There was no regular road, but there was a farm road.

Question by General McDOWELL. Could you see Bull Run stream?

Answer. Part of it.

Question by General McDOWELL. What part of it; above or below the turnpike?

Answer. On the south side.

Question by General McDOWELL. Could you see the water?

Answer. No; I could not see the water.

Question by General McDOWELL. Could you see New Market or Groveton?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. How did you know the column of infantry was on the road from New Market to Groveton?

