
Answer. I knew it from General McDowell's map. I have seen the enemy moving, and from the map I have learned the enemy's moving. I saw them marching, and took up the map and knew they could be marching over no other route but that one.

Question by General McDOWELL. Could they not have been going on the road from New Market toward Sudley Springs.

Answer. They could not have been going on the other road, for then they would have been going farther to the right. I saw them going right straight toward me.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far was the enemy from you on the hill?

Answer. My impression is about a strong half a mile.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long was the enemy's column?

Answer. One hundred and twenty yards; it might have been more, for they were already turning upon the turnpike, and I could not see all.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long were they in sight?

Answer. About five minutes; then I lost sight of them, as they were turning the road. Whether there was one regiment or three regiments I cannot tell. They might have been going forward a long time, and this may have been their rear.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear any artillery firing on the morning of the 28th?

Answer. I can remember a few shots I heard toward the left in the position of General McDowell, but I do not know from whence they came.

Question by General McDOWELL. What time did you hear this firing?

Answer. I can't remember. It might have been nine or before. I never regarded much about it.

Question by the COURT. The witness has said there might have been but one regiment. Why did he previously say there were three regiments?

Answer. When I have seen the troops march (so I have observed for one hundred and twenty yards), whether they have marched by fours or sixes I could not judge. I have stated they were about three regiments, but there may have been but one.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 30, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

