
merit without exception my warmest commendation. To the officers generally of my staff I take pleasure in making my thanks. They are entitled to the most honorable mention I can make for the gallantry, loyalty, and capacity that especially qualified them for the responsible duties, which they discharged with courage and fidelity. And particularly, although it is almost unjust to make nay distinction, I desire to present to the notice of the Government, for meritorious service during the campaign, Capts. j. R. Howard, R. W. Raymond, and G. W. Nichols, among the younger, and Cols. Albert Tracy, Anselm Albert, Charles Zagonyi, and Lieutenant Colonel John Pilsen, among the older officers. To the four last mentioned I feel especially bound to record personally also my acknowledgements. Their uncommon professional ability, joined to previous long experience in the field, rendered their services of the greatest value to me throughout a very laborious and hazardous campaign. All but two of the staff officers present with the command during the engagements are now out of the army, having either resigned or been mustered out. Doubtless, however, some just form of recognition of past services would be grateful to them even at this day. My chief quartermaster in the field, Captain Goulding as also my chief of subsistence, Captain Mallory, performed each his duties with energy and ability. My medical director in the field, Surg. George Suckley, never failing in zeal and activity in the mass of labors crowding upon him, stands entitled to my earnest commendation and thanks. I would also mention as most worthy and efficient in his duties Brigade Srug. and Medical Inspector A. C. Hamlin.

Major Clary, chief quartermaster at headquarters at Wheeling, and Major Darr, provost-marshal-general, rendered at all times zealous and efficient services during the period of my command in the Mountain Department.

Significant demonstrations of the enemy, who had been reported largely re-enforced, taken in connection with the sill isolated position at Mount Jackson, induced my farther withdrawal down the valley to Strasburg, and subsequently to Middletown, where I arrived with my command June 24, effecting a junction with the forces of Generals Banks and Sigel.

The tents and baggage left at Petersburg on the 27th May having been brought forward to Middletown, and camps and hospitals established at healthful points, having due regard to positions of defense, the troops of my command were made comparatively comfortable, and the sick began to improve. For the first time since they had started on the campaign the men here received full rations. While thus occupied in preparing my corps for active service, which telegrams from the War Department were preparing me immediately to expect, I received from the Secretary of War the President's order of June 26, which places my on and the corps then with me under the command of Major-General Pope.

Having the conviction that consistently with a just regard for the safety of my troops and what rightfully due to my personal honor I could not suffer myself to pass under the command of General Pope, I asked to be relieved from the duty, to which I had been assigned under him. On the 27th of June, having been relieved of my command by direction of the President, I proceeded to New York to await further orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. FREMONT,

Late Major-General, U. S. Army.

