
Question by the COURT. What was your rank and position in the military service of the United States on the 28th of August last?

Answer. I was engineer, with General Sigel, in the Army of Virginia. I had no military rank-no commission-at that time.

Question by the COURT. Did you take any information from General Sigel to General McDowell on the 28th August last?

Answer. No information from General Sigel to General McDowell.

Question by the COURT. Did you make any communication from anybody to General McDowell relating to the position of the enemy?

Answer. I gave information to General McDowell relating to the position of the enemy from myself. I received no order from any one.

Question by the COURT. State that information.

Answer. I was sent out by order of General Sigel to our left, after we heard some firing, with 20 men-cavalry. I crossed the field to Fairfax Court-House pike and came near Groveton, where I found the enemy in position. As I cause back near Gainesville, and about 1 1/2 miles from Gainesville, I saw General McDowell, and I thought it my business to report to General McDowell what I saw and where I had been sent. General McDowell asked me how far from this place on the Manassas Junction road was General Sigel, and I told him about 4 miles. General McDowell said, "All right; go to General Sigel and tell him he should take position-the right on the railroad, the left on the pike." That is the only communication I took charge of.

Question by the COURT. When you went toward Groveton and before seeing General McDowell did you discover any portion of the enemy; and, if so, state what you saw?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw some artillery and some cavalry pickets. I think I saw a battery, but I cannot say, only I am sure there was some artillery. I saw of cavalry pickets some 10 or 12 men across the fields, and of cavalry, in all, something about 50 men. I saw no infantry.

Question by the COURT. State whether you informed General McDowell what you had seen.

Answer. I told him that as I was out in that direction about 1 1/2 miles I had seen some of the enemy and a battery in position. I don't recollect whether I said anything about the cavalry and pickets. This is all the information I gave to General McDowell.

Question by the COURT. Have you personal knowledge that any communication was sent to General McDowell on that day informing him of the presence of an infantry force to your left and front or of the movement of a train of wagons on the pike toward Gainesville?

Answer. No, sir.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY E. DAVIES, Second Regiment New York Cavalry, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you for a short time on duty with Major-General Sigel on the 28th of August, 1862?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Who placed you with General Sigel, and for what purpose were you so placed?

Answer. Major-General McDowell, for the purpose of showing to Major-General Sigel the country between Gainesville and Thoroughfare Gap and in that vicinity, at General Sigel's request.

Question by General McDOWELL. At what place and what time was this done?

Answer. In the evening of the 27th August, at or about 10 o'clock, at General Sigel's headquarters, at Buckland Mills.

