
Question by General McDOWELL. Did you or do you know for what purpose General Sigel wished to know from you the next day concerning the country between Thoroughfare Gap and Buckland Mills.

Answer. I understood that General Sigel had been assigned to the duty of occupying Thoroughfare Gap.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you on the 28th bring any message from General Sigel to General McDowell which would show that the former knew that General McDowell had taken, or was to take, measures for meeting the enemy coming through or from the direction of Thoroughfare Gap?

Answer. I did. In marching from Buckland Mills toward Gainesville I showed to General Sigel a cross-road leading over to Hay Market. He asked me some questions about the road, and then sent me back to General McDowell, instructing me to say to General McDowell that the division which was to hold Thoroughfare Gap had better go by that road.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet to-morrow, January 31, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

FIFTY-EIGHTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., January 31, 1863.

* * * * * *

The recorder informed the court that Brigadier-General Milroy, summoned as a witness before the court, had not yet made his appearance.

The recorder was instructed to make an application for an official copy of Brigadier-General Milroy's report of the operations of his command in the Army of Virginia, and communicate therein the fact that a copy of said report would facilitate the business before the court.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet Monday, February 2, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

FIFTY-NINTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., February 2, 1863.

* * * * * *

The recorder informed the court that Brigadier-General Milroy, summoned as a witness before it, had not yet made his appearance.

The recorder stated, in answer to a question by the court, that an application had been made for the report of Brigadier-General Milroy of his operations in the Army of Virginia.

The court decided that the interests of the service would not justify a longer delay to procure the attendance of General Milroy, and in the event of his non-arrival by to-morrow morning his personal examination would be omitted; but his report would be read and counter-testimony, if any, to be produced by General McDowell, would then be received, and the testimony in the case be closed.

Brigadier General JOHN BUFORD, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you present with General

