
McDowell at his tent near Warrenton on the 26th of August last on the occasion of General Sigel being there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the object of the expedition that was then in question in the direction of Salem?

Answer. There was an expedition about being sent out under my command from Warrenton toward Chester Gap. General Sigel was to give me a section of artillery and a portion of his cavalry. The expedition started on the morning of the 27th and got to near Salem, where it came across stragglers from the rear of Jackson's army. I found out that Longstreet's command was close behind and following up. The object of the expedition was to ascertain the position of the rebels, I suppose.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you make any report to General McDowell of the march of Longstreet?

Answer. I think I did. I sent two dispatches back.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court General Buford's note to General Ricketts concerning the forces passing through Gainesville, and General Orders, Numbers 160, War Department, of 1862?

Answer. These are the papers. Buford's communication was received on the 29th.

The papers were read by the recorder, and are attached to the proceedings of this day, marked A and B.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did General King, on the afternoon of the 28th of August, report himself as unable to do duty, and was he, to outward appearances, at that time able to do duty?

Answer. He did not report himself sick, to my knowledge, and he seemed to me able to perform duty.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened at 3 o'clock p. m., and adjourned to meet to-morrow, February 3, 1863, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

A.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE-9.30 a. m.

General RICKETTS:

Seventeen regiments and battery and 500 cavalry passed through Gainesville three-quarters of an hour ago on the Centreville road. I think this division should join our forces now engaged at once.

JNO. BUFORD,Brigadier-General.

Please forward this.

B.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 160. Washington, October 18, 1862.

The following regulations are established for army trains and baggage:

I. There will be allowed for headquarters' train of an army corps four wagons; of a division or brigade, three; of a full infantry regiment, six, and of a light artillery battery or squadron of cavalry, three.

