
In no case will this allowance be exceeded, but always proportionably reduced according to the number of officers and men actually present. All surplus wagons will be turned over to the chief quartermaster, to be organized, under direction of the commanding general, into supply trains, or sent to the nearest depot. The requisite supply trains, their size depending upon the state of the roads and character of the campaign, will be organized by the chief quartermaster, with the approval of the commanding generals, subject to the control of the War Department.

II. The wagons allowed to a regiment, battery, or squadron must carry nothing but forage for the teams, cooking utensils and rations for the troops, hospital stores, and officers' baggage. One wagon to each regiment will transport exclusively hospital supplies, under the direction of the regimental surgeon; the one for regimental headquarters will carry the grain for the officers' horses, and three allowed for each battery or squadron will be at least half loaded with grain for their own teams. Stores in bulk and ammunition will be carried in the regular or special supply trains.

III. In active campaign troops must be prepared to bivouac on the march, the allowance of tents being limited as follows:

For the headquarters of an army corps, division, or brigade, one wall-tent to the commanding general and one to every two officers of his staff.

For the colonel, field, and staff of a full regiment three wall-tents, and for every other commissioned officer one shelter-tent each.

For every two non-commissioned officers, soldiers, officers' servants, and authorized camp followers one shelter-tent.

One hospital tent will be allowed for office purposes at corps headquarters, and one wall-tent at those of a division or a brigade. All tents beyond this allowance will be left in depot.

IV. Officers' baggage will be limited to blankets, one small valise or carpet-bag, and a moderate mess-kit. The men will carry their own blankets and shelter-tents, and reduce the contents of their knapsacks as much as possible.

The depot quartermaster will provide storage for a reasonable amount of officers' surplus baggage and the extra clothing and knapsacks of the men.

V. Hospital tents are for the sick and wounded, and, except those allowed for army corps headquarters, must not be diverted from their proper use.

VI. Commanding officers will be held responsible for the strict enforcement of these regulations, especially the reduction of officers' baggage, within their respective commands.

VII. On all marches quartermasters, under the orders of their commanding officers, will accompany and conduct their trains in a way not to obstruct the movement of troops.

VIII. All quartermasters and commissaries will personally attend to the reception and issue of supplies for their commands, and will keep themselves informed of the condition of the depots, roads, and other communications.

IX. All quartermasters and commissaries will report, by letter, on the first of every month to the chiefs of their respective departments at Washington, D. C., their station, and generally the duty on which they have been engaged during the preceding month.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

