
SIXTIETH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE, Washington, D. C., February 3, 1863.

* * * * * *

Lieutenant Colonel DAVIS TILLSON, Maine Artillery, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you with General McDowell on the occasion of his return from the head of General Porter's column to the head of his own column, near Bethlehem Church, on the 29th of August last?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. What did General McDowell proceed to do immediately on his return to the head of his own troops?

Answer. To turn the head of his column to the right along the Sudley Springs road.

Question by General McDOWELL. After putting the troops in motion, what position did General McDowell take up and what did he then do personally?

Answer. He went to the north of the road to Manassas and took a position near the railroad, about 150 or 200 yards from the Manassas road and from 50 to 100 yards west of the Sudley Springs road, dismounted, and he remained apparently watching troops as they passed along the road.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you at any time that day, after General McDowell returned from the head of General Porter's column, see General King with General McDowell?

Answer. I did not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear of his having been with General McDowell?

Answer. I did not.

Question by the COURT. After the separation of General McDowell from General Porter, did you see Colonel Locke, assistant adjutant-general, or any other staff officer of General Porter, in conversation with General McDowell?

Answer. I did not.

QQuestion by the COURT. Did you hear any communication by General McDowell to any officer whatever, to be delivered to General Porter, to the effect that General Porter had better remain where he was?

Answer. I did not.

Question by the COURT. Were you in the company of General McDowell after his separation from General Porter and until he moved toward Sudley Springs, so that you would have heard such a communication if it had been publicly made?

Answer. I was with General McDowell until a short time before he left the position I have already described near the railroad. I am not sure that I should have known anything about such a communication if it had been delivered. I think, however, that I should have recollected the occurrence had it transpired.

Captain FRANKLIN HAVEN, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you with General McDowell on the 29th of August last, on the occasion of his return from the head of General Porter's column to the head of his own column, near Bethlehem Church?

