
Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you at any time on the 29th, after leaving the head of General Porter's column, see General King in company with General McDowell?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you that day hear of General King's having been in company with General McDowell after the latter had returned from the head of General Porter's column?

Answer. I did not, and I did not see anything of General King until August 30.

Question by the COURT. Where were you after the return of General McDowell from the head of General Porter's column, with reference to General McDowell, until he went with his corps to Sudley Springs?

Answer. I was with the general.

Question by the COURT. During that time did General McDowell send any message, to your knowledge, to General Porter?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

Question by the COURT. During that time was there any message delivered to him or to any officer in company with him purporting to come from General Porter?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

Question by the COURT. Were you in a position to have observed such a circumstance if it had occurred?

Answer. I think I was.

Question by the COURT. Do you know Colonel Locke, assistant adjutant-general to General Porter?

Answer. I do not.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. After your return to the head of General McDowell's troops from the head of General Porter's column did you see General King in company with General McDowell? Where did you find General McDowell on your rejoining him?

Answer. Numbers I found him some distance on the left-hand side of the road to Manassas, under a tree, dismounted.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear of General King having been with General McDowell, on the 29th, after the latter had returned from the head of General Porter's column?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear or learn of any message having been received by General McDowell from General Porter by any staff officer of the latter?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear General McDowell send, or hear of his sending, any message to General Porter by any staff officer to the effect that the latter should remain where he was?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. Submit to the court General Orders, Numbers 107, War Department, August 15, 1862.

