
Answer. That is it.

The order referred to was submitted to the court, was read by the recorder, and is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked A.

Captain WLADISLAS LESKI, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you with General McDowell on the 29th of August last, on the occasion of his returning from the head of General Porter's column to the head of his own troops, near Bethlehem Church?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. What did General McDowell do immediately on his return to his own troops?

Answer. On his return to his own troops he ordered General Patrick's brigade to counter-march so as to come back on the Sudley Springs route. This brigade had already passed on the Gainesville road. Then afterward the general went to a place not far from the crossing of the dirt road leading on the south side of the railroad and the Sudley Springs road, and there, in a clump of trees, he dismounted during the passage of General King's and General Ricketts' divisions.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was the place where he dismounted north or south of the road, and about how far was it from that road?

Answer. It was north of the road. I could not exactly say how far; it may have been about 100 yards. It was nearer the Sudley Springs road.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were there any fences near where he dismounted, north of the road to Manassas?

Answer. It was just an open place with a clump of trees; nothing else.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you see General King with General McDowell on that occasion?

Answer. I did not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear of General King having been with General McDowell on that occasion?

Answer. I was the whole time with the general, and I did not hear of it.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you so placed with respect to General McDowell, and was the nature of the ground and the situation of General McDowell such, that you would have been likely to see General King had he been present?

Answer. I was sitting with General Bayard just behind General McDowell the whole time, and of course was obliged to see and hear anybody that was coming.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear or learn of any message having been received by General McDowell from General Porter by any staff officer of the latter?

Answer. I did not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear General McDowell send, or hear of his sending, any message to General Porter by any officer to the effect that the latter should remain where he was?

Answer. I did not.

Question by the COURT. Was any communication received from General Porter during the time to which you refer by any officer in company with or near to General McDowell, to your knowledge?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

