
Question by General McDOWELL. What did General McDowell say or do to General Milroy?

Answer. He did not make any reply to General Milroy which could have been heard by General Milroy. General McDowell appeared perfectly willing to re-enforce General Milroy, and hesitated for about ten minutes. At that an officer came with a note for General McDowell. General McDowell having read this note, he at one gave orders to a brigade of General Porter's to advance into the woods and took active measures himself to see that was done.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did he say to General Milroy he would not help General Sigel or anything to that effect?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you hear General Milroy say anything about re-enforcements for General Sigel?

Answer. I did not.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you learn why General McDowell hesitated to send re-enforcements to General Milroy and then immediately sent them on the application of another?

Answer. The impression that I received from what I heard at the time was that he (General McDowell) did not want to take the responsibility of ordering in General Porter's troops when the commander-in-chief was on the field and in the immediate neighborhood.

Question by the COURT. You have stated that General McDowell did not make any reply to General Milroy which he (General Milroy) could have heard. State what General McDowell said at that time which you heard.

Answer. General McDowell was talking to General Porter during the ten minutes I was there, and I do not know positively the language used by General McDowell on that occasion. General McDowell appeared desirous of supporting General Milroy, and he was talking to General Porter about the arrangement of his troops in order to effect that. After having read that note General McDowell said, "Now I have authority; now all is right; let us go in." That was spoken with a great deal of animation.

Question by the COURT. You have stated that you thought General McDowell did not wish to order any of General Porter's command to support General Milroy. Had not General McDowell any portion of his own troops there with which he could have re-enforced General Milroy?

Answer. No, sir, not at that spot; General Reynolds' troops were in the woods and were coming out, and were mostly without ammunition.

Captain J. De W. CUTTING, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. What is your rank and what duty were you upon on the 30th August last?

Answer. I was captain and additional aide-de-camp, and assigned to duty with General McDowell.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you near General McDowell on the 30th of August last, on the occasion of General Milroy's coming to him for re-enforcements?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far was General Milroy from General McDowell when he asked him for re-enforcements. What was his manner and his state of mind, as far as you can judge?

Answer. When I first saw General Milroy he was about 15 or 20 yards from General McDowell. He was very much excited and gesticulated, having his sword drawn.

