
dark, which it required the most determined and energetic efforts to repel. At one time, not receiving assistance from the rear, as I had a right to expect after having sent for it, and our struggling battalions being nearly overcome by the weight and persistence of the enemy's attack, I flew back about one-half mile to where I understood General McDowell was with a large portion of his corps. I found him, and appealed to him in the most urgent manner to send a brigade forward at once to save the day or all would be lost. He answered coldly, in substance, that it was not his business to help everybody, and he was not going to help General Sigel. I told him I was not fighting with General Sigel's corps; that my brigade had got out of ammunition some time before and gone to the rear, and that I had been fighting with a half dozen different brigades, and that I had not inquired where or to what particular corps they belonged. He inquired of one of his aides if General

--------

was fighting over there on the left? He answered he thought he was. McDowell replied that he would send him help, for he was a good fellow. He then gave the order for a brigade to start, which was all I desired. I dashed in front of them, waved my sword, and cheered them forward. They raised the cheer, and came on at double-quick. I soon led them to where they were most needed, and the gallant manner in which they entered the fight and the rapidity of their fire soon turned the tide of battle. But this gallant brigade, like the many others which had preceded it, found the enemy too strong as they advanced into the forest, and was forced back by the tremendous fire that me them. But one of General Burnside's veteran brigades, coming up soon after dark with a battery, again dashed back the tide of armed treason, and sent such at tempest of shot, shell, and leaden death into the dark forest after the rebels that they did not again renew the attack.

* * * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier General, Commanding Indep't Brigadier, 1st Corps, Army of Va.

SIXTY-FIRST DAY.

COURT-ROOM, COR. FOURTEENTH AND PA. AVENUE.

Washington, D. C., February 4, 1863.

* * * * * *

Brigadier General R. C. BUCHANAN, U. S. Volunteers, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court your letter to General McDowell of October 20, 1862, and say if the statements therein made are true.

Answer. That is the letter, and the substance of those statements is true to the best of my recollection and belief.

The letter referred to was handed to the recorder by the witness, was read by the recorder, and is appended to the proceedings of this day, marked A.

The court had no questions to ask this witness.

General McDowell stated that he had no more witnesses to produce.

18 R R-VOL XII

