
haps 75 or 80 wounded. The rebel loss is at least as large or larger but not known. Johnson was found to have been largely re-enforced by Jackson during the afternoon. His whole force has come up from Buffalo Gap. There is a large army in the hills about us. This place is indefensible altogether, by the unanimous agreement of officers, in our present condition and with our relative forces. I find at least tow of the regiments without ammunition, and not a particle of forage. The horses are starving. We must retreat to-night. I am sending off trains and all the property for which there is any transportation. At 2 a. m. I will ge the troops in motion. This is a sad experience for the first day of arrival, but nothing else seems to be thought of. We shall probably be followed by the enemy. The general commanding we expect to re-enforce us with any force he has.*

R. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Numbers 10.]

PETERSBURG, May 9, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

German Division, Romney:

GENERAL: Push forward the whole of your division by a forced march, so that it may reach here to-morrow.

By order of General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Numbers 11.]

PETERSBURG, May 11, 1862-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General SCHENCK, Franklin:

The condition of the troops on arriving here was such that we cannot leave before 3 in the morning. If, therefore, you cannot fall back with safety, defend and hold the place. You will be supported. We shall make every exertion to arrive in time. Answer, and let us know during the night how you get on. We shall have an operator with us along the road, and shall be in consent communication. At what do you estimate the enemy's force?+

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Numbers 12.]

PETERSBURG, May 10, 1862.

Captain LOOMIS,

Assistant Quartermaster, New Creek:

If you have not sent me any forage, for God's sake forward at once.

G. I. STEALY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

---------------

* Other dispatches of this date from Schenck to Fremont appear in "Correspondence, etc," Part III.

+ Other dispatches to and from Schenck of this date in "Correspondence, etc.," Part III.

---------------

