
[Numbers 13.]

FRANKLIN, May 13, 1862.

Major R. H. CLARY,

Chief Quartermaster, Wheeling, Va.:

Not a pound of forage here. Horses suffering for want of some. Will you hurry up Loomis?

By order of Major-General Fremont:

C. N. GOULDING,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Numbers 14.]

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, OFFICE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR,

Headquarters Army in the Field, Franklin, May, 22, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In the name of humanity I respectfully call the earnest attention of the commanding general to the sanitary condition of the division under the command of Brigadier-General Blenker. In addition of the facts given in the report of Brigadier-General Blenker. In addition to the facts given in the report of Brigade Surg. Augustus C. Hamlin, inspector, ordered by Special orders, Numbers 12, May 18, 1862, I would state that nearly 200 men of blenker's division are left behind in hospitals or straggling in our rear. There are about 200 more sick in this encampment. The division left Hunter's Chapel near Alexandria on the 7th of March. Its condition now, according to the date furnished by Surgeon Hamlin, is as follows:

There are but few ambulances-in one regiment none. In fact, there is not in the whole division more than one-fifth the necessary ambulance transportation. Even for the few wretched vehicles possessed there is a deficiency of animals, and of those they have and call there is a deficiency of animals, and of those they have and call "horses" several are little better than living skeletons. There are seven medicine panniers, yet not a horse or mule for their transportation. In the whole division there is but one hospital tent. Most of the medical stores are left behind. The question naturally arises whether the necessary measures were taken to have them forwarded. As a military officer i well know the exigencies of the service in an active campaign necessarily cause much human suffering, but I can think of no excuse for a lack of proper endeavor to mitigate these evils. By bringing this subject before Major-General Fremont, so as to secure his early attention, you will be doing officially a charitable action.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very faithfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE SUCKLEY,

Brigade Surgeon and Medical Director Forces in the Field.

[Numbers 15.]

PETERSUBRG, May 26, 1862.

Mr. J. B. FORD,

Supt. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Wheeling, Va.:

Baggage being behind, your telegram not translated till now. What you are doing is of the greatest possible service (sending forward animals, wagons, and commissary store). No cause for alarm in this

