
Manassas Junction, which General Sigel received at 2.45 o'clock on the morning of the 28th:

Being asked-

Will the witness state if this is not a copy of the order of march of which he acknowledge the receipt?

Answer. I confess that I have never read this order; at least I do not remember to have read it, because it is in contradiction with my acts and my understanding of our situation at that time, and if I had read it would be in my memory, I think.

(The General Orders, No. 10, just referred to, was read by the recorder.)

The witness desired to make a correction of his last answer. From a reperusal of the order I would like to have the words "because it is in contradiction with my acts and my understanding of our situation at that time" considered no part of my answer. I add in regard to this that the order I received was written on thin paper and I believe in pencil.

Question by General McDOWELL. What order did you receive from General McDowell of which you acknowledged the receipt, and in compliance with which you marched from Buckland Mills?

Answer. I received the order to march to Manassas Junction, and it may be that it is the same order as this here, but I do not remember that it was such a general order.

General McDowell here asked a suspension of the examination of the witness, with a view of proving the delivery of this order on that day.

The court informed General McDowell that a delay or suspension in the examination of this witness for the reason stated was unnecessary.

Major Willard testifies (proceedings of December 31) that he only takes in his mind that part of the order which affects his own corps, and that therefore I may not remember very well now, after the lapse of many weeks, that I received this general order.

Question by General McDOWELL. Does the witness mean to be understood that the whole of that general order did not affect him, and does not the name or designation even of general order indicate this?

Answer. Certainly; I admit that the whole order, if I had received it, did refer to me, but especially what is referred to in the first part, which point I fully admit I understood and acted upon it-I mean the order directing me to march to Manassas Junction.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was it not your duty to have made yourself acquainted with every part of a general order sent you, especially one inviting co-operation of your forces with those of another?

Answer. Certainly it was my duty, but if this was the order sent to me I must have regarded it as pretty indefinite, all things taken into consideration.

Question by General McDOWELL. You state that when you left Buckland Mills on the morning of the 28th you did not know anything at all of any provision being made by General McDowell for meeting Longstreet at or this side of Thoroughfare Gap. Does or does not the General Orders, No. 10, for the march make provision for this?

Answer. The order mentioned a provision.

To show further that General Sigel knew of both these orders, and that he did know what arrangements I had made with reference to the enemy's force coming through Thoroughfare Gap, and knew he himself was to have had this service, see evidence of Lieutenant Colonel Henry E. Davies, Second New York Cavalry, as follows:

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you not for a short time on duty with Major-General Sigel on the 28th of August, 1862?

Answer. I was.

Question by General McDOWELL. Who placed you with General Sigel and for what purpose were you so placed?

Answer. Major-General McDowell, for the purpose of showing to Major-General Sigel the country between Gainesville and Thoroughfare Gap and in that vicinity at General Sigel's request.

Question by General McDOWELL. At what place and at what time was this done?

20 R R-VOL XII

