
Answer. In the evening of the 27th of August, at or about 10 o'clock, at General Sigel's headquarters at Buckland Mills.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you or do you know for what purpose General Sigel wished to know from you the next day concerning the country between Thoroughfare Gap and Buckland Mills?

Answer. I understood that General Sigel had been assigned to the duty of occupying Thoroughfare Gap.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you on the 28th bring any message from General Sigel to General McDowell which could show that the former knew that General McDowell had taken or was to take measures for meeting the enemy coming through or from the direction of Thoroughfare gap.

Answer. I did; in marching from Buckland Mills toward Gainesville I showed to General Sigel a cross-road leading over to Hay Market. He asked me some questions about the road, and then sent me back to General McDowell, instructing me to say to General McDowell that the division which was to hold Thoroughfare Gap had better go by that road.

Captain Leski, an aide-de-camp on my staff (January 6), states that the force sent under General Ricketts to Thoroughfare Gap consisted of four brigades of infantry, of about 8,000 men, two brigades of cavalry, and six batteries of artillery. He also states (January 5) that by General McDowell's direction he went in the night of the 27th and 28th of August to see if troops could be sent up to the Gap on the west side of the stream running by Buckland Mills, which he found it would be impossible to do; that early in the morning of the 28th, before daylight, General McDowell sent him to General Sigel for Bayard's cavalry (which belonged to my corps and had been sent by me to General Sigel); that General Sigel said it would be impossible for him to advance without cavalry; that he would send them as soon as he could, stating at the same time that the First New Jersey Cavalry was somewhat beyond Buckland Mills and could be used; that as soon as we came in sight of this cavalry it was sent immediately to Thoroughfare Gap to get news of the enemy, and that shortly after General McDowell sent him also to Thoroughfare Gap, with instructions to bring as early news as possible about the enemy.

Captain Leski sent me back the following:

10.15 A. M.

The enemy is advancing through the pass.

W. LESKI,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Colonel Wyndham will hold them as long as he can and asks to be re-enforced.

W. L.

This was sent by the hands of my aide, Captain Wadsworth, to General Ricketts, and indorsed as follows:

AUGUST 28.

Send a brigade and battery to Colonel Wyndham and follow them up with your whole division.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

General RICKETTS.

This order General Ricketts received and obeyed.

General Ricketts was asked (January 6) by General McDowell, "What o'clock on the 28th of August were your ordered to march from your bivouac beyond Buckland Mills?"

Answer. I was ordered to march at 2 o'clock in the morning.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far did you march on the Warrenton turnpike before you turned off the road to go by Hay Market under the orders given you by Captain Wadsworth?

Answer. I had crossed the brigade at Buckland Mills and was but a very short distance from it.

