
department. Am at this place to afford aid. Had transportation been furnished our aid would have anticipatory.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Numbers 16.]

PETERSBURG, May 27, 1862.

T. B. A. DAVID, Green Spring:

Communicate in cipher, or by sure hand, the following dispatch to Major-General Banks:

Our force is on the march to Moorefield, intending to meet the enemy wherever he may be found I send this for your information. You can communicate anything you may have for me to Mr. T. B. A. Davaid, our telegraph superintendent, now at Cumberland. It will give me pleasure to join you.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Numbers 17.]

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT:

The following dispatch has been received from General Rufus King:

I sent out cavalry, both on the Bowling Green and Telegraph roads, to Richmond this morning to collect information. They proceeded from 12 to 15 miles; saw nothing of the enemy, but learned from contrabands, who left Hagner's Station yesterday, that the whole force reconnoitering in our front left the junction to re-enforce Jackson Monday morning, the 26th. They were about 15,000 strong-fourteen regiments of infantry, six batteries of artillery, and four companies of cavalry. They were well informed as to our force and movements, but had no intention of abandoning their position in our front till last Saturday, when sudden orders were received from Richmond to march at once, with four days' rations. They moved off the same night. Such is the substance of Colonel Kilkpatrick's report, who directed the reconnaissance. I shall push the cavalry still farther out to-morrow, in hopes of obtaining further information.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Numbers 18.]

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, OFFICE MEDICAL DIRECTOR,

Headquarters Army in the Field, Fabius, May 29, 1862.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Last evening, while in the camp of Blenker's division, I noticed the weary and haggard appearance of most of the men. Stragglers were coming in until after dark, most of them weary and foot-sore, and many sick. I was informed that, for various reasons, some of the regiments have had but little beef. They were weak in consequence, and forced marches are wearing them down. I would respectfully recommend that a rest of twenty-four hours be allowed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE SUCKELEY,

Brigade Surgeon and Medical Director.

