
was stopping the road. (See Colonel Schriver's evidence.) Major Barstow, who was sent forward, says he found General Sigel halted; Major Kappner, of General Sigel's own staff, speaks of General Sigel "breaking up his camp at about a quarters to 12." (See proceedings January 29.)

The first consequence of this stopping up the communications was the necessity of detaching Ricketts as a rear guard toward Hay Market, to hold Longstreet in check, as has been before described.

The next departure from the orders given General Sigel was in his not going to the north of the railroad, instead of, as he persisted in doing, going to the south of it. He was directed to march with his right resting on the Manassas Railroad. On being asked by General McDowell-

Why did you to obey General McDowell's order, which required you to march on Manassas Junction, with your right resting on the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. I believe that I did not disobey the order of General McDowell, because I understood that I should march to Manassas Junction, and having arrived there, form my corps so that the right rested on the Manassas Railroad. 2nd. If I could have undertaken to march to Manassas Junction with my right always on the railroad it would have been impossible to do so, according to my best knowledge; and, 3rd, there seemed to me a contradiction in the order in saying that I should march to Manassas Junction and in the same time to rest with my right on the railroad. I understand that this word "resting" can only relate to the formation of troops and not to their march.

It is hardly necessary to call attention to the verbal criticism in the foregoing of the use of the word "resting" as applied to a march, which was repeated in General Orders, No. 10, from General Pope's orders, "resting" in this connection being equivalent to "being."

That it was impossible for him to march with his right always on the railroad was proved not to be the case by the march of the other divisions north of the road.

As to this understanding he was to go to Manassas by the most convenient road he could find, and when he arrived to form with his right on the Manassas road, he could not have had this understanding from the orders given him, for the word "formation" and "form" was not used as applied to his corps.

On this same subject he states in his official report:

I received orders at 3 o'clock in the morning to march to Manassas, and to take a position with my right resting on the railroad leading from Warrenton Junction to Manassas Junction; so at least I understood the order.

It will be seen that Warrenton Junction is not mentioned in either General Pope's order or my own.

He seeks to explain this by saying there is a piece of the railroad between Manassas Junction and the station common to both the Orange and Alexandria and the Manassas Gap roads, the station being about a mile east of the Junction. The Junction is, in fact, the only point in common. But admitting what he says as to the piece being in common, it has nothing to do with his statement, for it is the section between the Manassas Junction and the Warrenton Junction on which he says he understood he was to rest his right, and this is all of west of the Manassas Junction.

Is not the whole manifestly a pretext to excuse his non-fulfillment of the orders he received?

In his evidence General Sigel admits having marched south of the railroad.

Captain Haven, my aide-de-camp, was asked:

