
received an order from General Pope that my corps was attached to the command of General McDowell. I regarded myself his orders from this until after the battle of Bull Run.

Yet December 30 he says he does not know that he reported to me personally; does not know that he sent an officer to me to report for orders, either on the night the 29th or on the morning of the 30th or on the night of the 30th, or whether on the 29th or 30th or after the 30th I sent him any orders; nor when he saw me come on the field did he report to me either in person or by his staff. These dates are those of the main battles of last August. If it will be borne in mind how rigid are the rules for reporting to commanding officers in all the German armies, to one of which General Sigel once belonged, it will be seen how little he regarded me as his commanding officer on the occasion.

It is before the court that I took command of General Sigel at Warrenton for a special purpose only, and had command of him on the march, under the orders of General Pope and the provision in such case made and provided by the Articles of War.

General Pope says (January 14):

Question by the COURT. Do you mean to be understood that on the morning of the 29th of August General McDowell was no longer responsible for the movements of General Sigel's corps and Reynolds' divisions? And, if so, produce the orders, if you can, investing him with such command before the 29th, and state any orders which may be given relieving him.

The witness produced a certified copy of General Orders, No.-, dated Headquarters Army of Virginia, Warrenton Junction, August 27, 1862, which is appended to the proceedings of this day and marked A.

Answer. I did not consider General McDowell as having any command over the corps of General Sigel or as being responsible for the movements of that corps any time during the 29th of August. I sent orders to General McDowell on the morning of the 29th of August, directed to him at Manassas Junction, instructing him to call in Ricketts' division and join it with King's, and, in conjunction with Major-General Porter, march upon Gainesville by the road from Manassas Junction.

On the morning of the 29th of August until the close of the campaign of Virginia General Sigel's troops, as every other corps of that army, was under my immediate command and received my direct orders.

In relation to the division of General Reynolds, I had supposed, until otherwise informed, that it had fallen back with King's to Manassas Junction.

I sent no orders to General McDowell or to General Sigel changing the relations they had with each other when they marched from Warrenton, for the simple reason that no such orders were needed; the connection between them being dissolved of necessity, either by the separation of the corps or by my own personal presence with them. It is not necessary to state to the court that I had no authority to merge into one two army corps established by the orders of the President; that any temporary connection between them, wherein one corps commander should command both corps, would last only so long as they served at a distance from the general-in-chief of the army to which they belonged.

On the 29th of August I received various reports from General Sigel before I reached the field of battle; saw him many time during the day of the 29th, and gave him several orders personally and by aide-de-camp.

I did not understand nor did I presume General Sigel to understand that he was responsible to anybody but myself for any movement of his troops of for any orders he might receive during that day.

Before leaving Reynolds' division to rejoin my corps at Manassas I instructed General Reynolds to support General Sigel. General Meade, of General Reynolds' division, testifies he saw General Sigel early in the morning of the 29th, before the battle, and showed him on the map where the division was. The division was constantly on General Sigel's left, fighting with it all day. Yet General Sigel says as follows in his testimony of December 20:

On the morning of the 29th I received direct orders from General Pope to attack the enemy; which I did about 6 o'clock in the morning. I did not know where General McDowell's corps was at that time or where any other troops were except those of the enemy.

