HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, June 6, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, in the Field:

DEAR SIR: The freshest has destroyed for the moment our communications. At Williamsport the river, higher than for ten years, has divided my command, and separated me from all my supplies and transportation. I am here without supplies or transportation, unable to move. The river is falling, however, and I hope our trains have crossed to-day. They will cross to-morrow at any rate, and, the Baltimore and Ohio road in operation, by to-morrow night we shall be afloat again. Harper's Ferry bridge is swept away, but a steam-tug will temporarily supply its place. The Winchester road will be in operation in two or three days. We shall therefore be able to supply your wants soon.

I have sent to-day a strong detachment of cavalry, with instructions to reach your if possible, and to look to your prisoners at Strasburg, gather up arms or supplies on the way, and arrest suspicious persons in the guise of citizens. Colonel De Forest, commanding, is an excellent officer. We will protect your communications, telegraph lines, &amp;c. There is no news of importance here. Nothing from Richmond.

Very truly, yours, &c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Numbers 23.]

WINCHESTER, June 8, 1862-11 p. m.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

GENERAL: Your letter dated Harrisonburg, June 7, is received. i am exceedingly sorry that I could not proceed at once to the screen of action to assist you, but the troops under my command brought from Harper's Ferry could scarcely reach Winchester, and were in such a condition that it is necessary to prepare them for field service before they leave this place, otherwise they would be an incumbrance and not a help to you. I will nevertheless try my best and see whether I can add some of my most serviceable forces to the division of General Banks, and send them on without delay. Captain C- gave me some valuable information relative to your position and that of the enemy, as well as that of Shields. I immediately had a consultation with the adjutant-general of General Banks, and hope that some of our troops will be sent to-morrow night.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

[Numbers 24.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,Luray, June 13, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Commanding Mountain Dept,. Mt. jackson:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your polite note, and avail myself of the return of General Bayard's aide-de-camp to drop you another line. I have sent a communication to the War Department, in which I bear testimony to the energy, activity, and ability with which you conducted the pursuit. The general who

---------------

* Nos. 19,20, and 21, here omitted, are duplicates of Lincoln to Fremont, May 29 and 30, and McDowell to Fremont, June 6, which are quoted at length in Fremont's report. See pp. 13, 17.

---------------

