
time before and gone to the rear, and that I had been fighting with a half dozen different brigades, and that I had not inquired whose or what particular corps they belonged. He inquired of one of his aides if General--- was fighting over there on the left. He answered he thought he was. McDowell replied that he would send him help, for he was a good fellow. He then gave the order for the brigade to start, which was all I desired. I dashed in front of them, waved my sword, and cheered them forward. They raised the cheer and came on at double-quick. I soon led them to where they were most needed, and the gallant manner in which they entered the fight and the superiority of their fire soon turned the tide of battle. But this gallant brigade, like the many others that had preceded it, found the enemy too strong as they advanced into the front and was forced back by the tremendous fire that met them. But one of General Burnside's veteran brigades coming up soon after dark with a battery again dashed back the tide of armed treason, and sent such a tempest of shot, shell, and leaden death into the dark forest after the rebels that they did not again resume the attack.

Captain Cutting's and Lieutenant Roebling's evidence shows the state of mind General Milroy was in when he rode up to me, and that Sigel was not referred to. General Milroy's own report, written some time after, when his mind might be supposed to be in its normal state, shows how extravagant and unmeasured he is in the use of language. When he spoke to me he was in a frenzy, not accountable scarcely for what he said, and attracted the attention of every one by his unseemly conduct. He says he had been fighting with six or seven different brigades. How, pray, did he or could he fight with six or seven different brigades. How, pray, did he or could he fight with them? What a picture does this present of a general roaming about without any control, interfering with every one. He admits that he was not with his own brigade, which had gone off the field. He used in his conversation with me the most unmeaning generalities, which gave no information whatever.

The troops he asked for were those of General Porter, drawn up as a reserve, and I hesitated to assume the responsibility of using them for fear of deranging the plans of the general commanding the army, whilst General Milroy gave me nothing whatever on which I could be justified in acting; and whilst in doubt for the moment, in view of the circumstances as to the course to be taken, I received a clear and definite message from that intelligent, as well as gallant, officer, General Meade, on which I knew I could rely, and immediately sent the re-enforcements forward.

The following evidence of General Buchanan, who commanded the force sent on that occasion, will show the condition of mind General Milroy was in, and how little his impressions at the time are to be relied on, either as to what he did or what I said. His statement that I refused to send re-enforcements to General Sigel is without foundation in anything I said or thought.

Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court your letter to General McDowell of October 20, 1862, and say if the statements therein made are true.

Answer. That is the letter and the substances of those statements is true, to the best of my recollection and belief.

"WASHINGTON, October 20, 1862.

"GENERAL: Your note inclosing a printed copy of General Milroy's report is before me, and I will answer the question seriatim.

"1st. As to the state of mind General Milroy seemed to be in, his manner, and the impression it produced at the time to which you refer; that is, when he rode up and asked for re-enforcements.

"Answer. General Milroy's manner was excited, so much so as to attract the especial attention of those present, and induced many to inquire who that was rushing about so wildly and what he wanted.

"2nd. As to whether or not it was a question of my (your) sending re-enforcements to General Sigel and if I (you) refused to do so.

"Answer. General Sigel's name or corps was not referred to in my hearing, as far as I can recollect.

"3rd. As to the part taken by General Milroy with your (my) brigade, which he claims

