
public press to disseminate, and a portion of the people to accept, for a time at least, as true such absurd and unjustifiable rumors against general officers, who are thereby disarmed of power and influence essential to the complete performance of their important duties.

It is to be hoped that the public misfortunes entailed by such calumnies will in future lead to greater circumspection and secure for patriotic and meritorious soldiers more considerate treatment from the American press and people.

In the opinion of the court the interests of the public service do not require any further investigation into the conduct of Major-General McDowell.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, February 21, 1863.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The facts and opinions of the Court of Inquiry in the case of Major-General McDowell, having been submitted to the General-in-Chief, are herewith returned with his order in the case.

Respectfully,J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

No. 88. Washington, February 23, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VII. The Court of Inquiry, convened by Special Orders, No. 350 and 362, series of 1862, to investigate certain charges and accusations against Major-General McDowell, having completed its investigation, and reported that in its opinion the interests of the public service do not require any further investigation into the conduct of Major-General McDowell, is hereby dissolved.

VIII. Major-General McDowell will report for duty to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

MARCH 20, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Gainesville, Va.

No. 1.-Report of Brigadier General Israel B. Richardson, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Report of Brigadier General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Israel B. Richardson, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS RICHARDSON'S DIVISION, March 21, 1862.

DEAR SIR: General Howard returned last night after dark from his reconnaissance. He reached Gainesville with his infantry, and pushed

