
forcing back the right wing of the enemy and of intimidating him, and holding him in check on our left during the rest of the day. The chief of artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Daum, deserves high commendation for the skillful manner in which he managed his batteries during the engagement. This skillful management prevented the enemy doubtless from using effectually his formidable artillery. The cavalry performed its duty with spirit in this engagement, and under its gallant chief, Colonel Brodhead, and his officers exhibited activity which paralyzed the movements of the enemy.

The commanders of regiments are also entitled to special mention, but sufficient justice cannot be done them in this report. I must therefore refer you on this head to the reports of the brigade commanders. The officers of General Banks' staff were present in the field and participated in the battle. The thanks of myself and command are justly due to them for efficient and gallant services rendered at decisive moments in every part of the fidelity with which they discharged the trying duties that devolved upon them. They had to penetrate the thickest of the fight to bring me intelligence of the state of the field, and performed their perilous duty throughout the day with fearless alacrity.

It affords me pleasure, as it is my duty, to recommend all the officers whose names I have specially mentioned to the consideration of the Government.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Fifth Corps d'Armee.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHIELDS:

The general commanding congratulates you and the brave troops under your command on the splendid achievement communicated in your dispatch, which he has just received. He desires you to follow up rapidly the enemy's troops as far as Strasburg, if possible.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, March 26, 1862-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No additional information since my dispatch of yesterday of 4.55 p.m.

Rumor says that Jackson fired his train on the other side of Woodstock, and fled to his old position near New Market. General Banks is at Strasburg, making preparations to repair the railroad. The telegraph line will be completed between this and Strasburg to-morrow; men are now repairing; I will know to-night how far they have advanced. I except a messenger every moment from General Banks. If

