
he brings any additional intelligence I will communicate it. I am arranging a permanent system of posts to protect our rear as far as Strasburg, where I will join the advance again and ascertain the exact position of the enemy.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Seminary, March 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES SHIELDS,

Winchester:

The commanding general congratulates you and the troops under your command upon the victory gained by your own energy and activity and their bravery on the 23rd. He is pained to learn that the wound you received in the skirmish of the day before is more serious than at first supposed.

Sumner, with two divisions of his corps, is 5 miles below Manassas, moving on Warrenton. The telegraph is working to Manassas; will probably be open to Warrenton on Friday. From the best information he can gather the general believes the main force of the enemy has retired beyond the Rappahannock, occupying the line of the Rapidan from Fredericksburg to Gordonsville, and thinks the force you met consisted almost entirely of Jackson's command.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHIELDS:

Your two dispatches relating to the brilliant achievement of the forces under your command have been received. While rejoicing at the success of your gallant troops, deep commiseration and sympathy are felt for those who have been victims in the gallant and victorious contest with treason and rebellion. Your wounds as well as your success prove Lander's brave division is still bravely led, and that wherever it s standard is displayed rebels with be routed and pursued. To you and to the brave officers and soldiers under your command the Department returns thanks.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 2. Report of Surg. William S. King, U. S. Army, Medical Director Fifth Army Corps.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

Strasburg, Va., March 31, 1862.

SIR: The battle near Winchester, on the 23rd instant, was fought by the troops of General Shields' division, the division of General Williams, formerly Banks', having left a few days before in the direction of Centreville. General Shields' division had but recently returned by a forced march from Strasburg. As this division joined us lamentably

