
Return of Casualties in the Union forces-Continued.

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	Officers	Enlisted men	Officers	Enlisted men

West Virginia Light	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

Artillery, Battery B

1st Ohio Light Artillery,	 ---	 1	 ---	 ---

Battery H.

1st Ohio Light Artillery,	 ---	 1	 ---	 2

Battery L.

4th U. S. Artillery,	 ---	 1	 ---	 ---

Battery E.

Total artillery	 ---	 4	 ---	 2

Signal detachment	 ---	 ---	 ---	 1

Total Shields' division	 6	 112	 27	 423

Captured

or

missing.

Command.	Officers	Enlisted men	Aggregate	Remarks

West Virginia Light	 ---	 --- 	 ---	No loss

Artillery, Battery B				reported.

1st Ohio Light Artillery,	 ---	 ---	 1

Battery H.

1st Ohio Light Artillery,	 ---	 ---	 3

Battery L.

4th U. S. Artillery,	 ---	 ---	 1

Battery E.

Total artillery	 ---	 ---	 6

Signal detachment	 ---	 ---	 1

Total Shields' division	 ---	 22	 590

No. 4. Reports of Major R. Morris Copeland, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Strasburg, March 26, 1862.

SIR: In reply to your communication of to-day I would say that after receiving your orders on the 23rd instant to visit the scene of action and report, I went at once. On my arrival I found we had on our left wing a battery and one of two regiments. The center and right wing were composed of three batteries and about five regiments on infantry, with a considerable force of cavalry. A high and commanding position on our right was occupied by the enemy at about 3 o'clock p.m. and a severe fire opened on our center, which compelled the withdrawal of a portion of our force into a more secure position.

At about 3.30 p.m. Colonel Tyler was ordered to attack the enemy's new position on our right and to take their battery. He moved immediately forward with three or four regiments, a battery, and about 400 left wing. In about half an hour after Colonel Tyler's movements his skirmishers exchanged shots with the enemy, who were posted behind high stone walls, a rocky hill, and some woods a quarter of a mile in front of his battery. The enemy reserved his fire until our line was very near. They then arose and poured in a very heavy volley. The suddenness and strength of their fire caused our lines to falter, and the extreme left, composed mainly of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, broke and ran. The rest of the line soon rallied and maintained a steady fight (falling back on the right and advancing on the left) for at least half an hour, when two regiments came to their assistance up the left flank and through a very severe fire. They advanced steadily, and soon gained a position from which they could flank the enemy, delivering their fire. When they received this new fire the enemy fell back rapidly, but still fighting, to the woods nearest to the hill, from which the battery had been in the mean time withdrawn.

