
rode out, accompanied by 25 men-Company L, First Michigan Cavalry, Captain Brewer. As soon as we emerged from the town two parts of companies joined us, making in all 70 men. We rode out upon the Millwood road about 1 1/2 miles, and were preparing to charge upon a body of the enemy in the edge of some woods, when we received two shots from a battery previously concealed. We immediately moved back to a more secure position, the enemy following with shot and shell and about 200 cavalry. The force was so small that I did not deem it prudent to remain exposed, but put the larger number of men in a hollow, and drew out 12 men on the ridge, to impress the enemy with an idea of a concealed force. An order was at this time received for all the cavalry to return to town. As the order was peremptory, I sent in the two companies, retaining only the 25 men of the escort, still keeping the advance displayed as before. Observing a company of infantry on the left, I ordered them forward as skirmishers, to clear the woods of about 50 men not more than 300 yards in front. The infantry were dismayed by the shell and retreated. Still leaving this small force to check their advance as the infantry retreated the cavalry on the Strasburg road charged down toward the town, but were met by a severe fire of the retreating company, who had formed behind a wall. Soon after his you came out with all your force.

I wish to commend to your the 25 men of Company L, First Michigan Cavalry, Captain Brewer commanding, who during two and a half hours under continuous fire of shot and shell checked the enemy's advance by their resolute bearing, giving the impression that they must have been sustained by a large force; and I firmly believe that had they fallen back the enemy would have charged into the town.

I have the honor to be, general, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Major Volunteers.

Brigadier General JAMES SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

No. 5. Report of Captain R. C. Shriber, Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army.

WINCHESTER, March 26, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg most respectfully to report to you that after having received on Sunday last, the 23rd of March, at 9 a.m., an order to report for duty as aide-de-camp on your staff, I left headquarters for Kernstown, to assist Colonels Kimball, Tyler, and Sullivan in their efforts, as commanders of brigades, fighting the enemy under General Jackson, and to insure a unity of action of their three respective commands. I reported at 9.30 a.m. to Colonel Kimball, acting brigadier and senior officer on the field, who was stationed upon a hill about half a mile west of Kernstown, which latter place is perpendicularly intersected by the turnpike leading to Strasburg. There I informed myself as to the events which had transpired previous to my arrival on the field, and understood that the enemy, who had been repulsed in endeavoring to drive in our pickets the day before, had opened with his artillery

