
[Numbers 30.]

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Hdqrs. Army in the Field, Middletown, Va., June 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: In compliance with your verbal order of this date to furnish a statement of the number of additional aides-de-camp credited to your staff in orders from the War Department, and also the number generally employed at headquarters or elsewhere, under your immediate orders, I have the honor to submit the following;

The whole number of additional aides-de-camp announced in orders of the War Department as pertaining to your staff is ninety-two. Of this number fifty-six, appointed as a convenience to the service merely, and as i understand without your agency or recommendation, have reported neither in person nor by letter. They performed duty, if at all, in the suites of other commanders. A small number, appointed as above, and directed to report at your headquarters, have done so. It is to be regretted that one or two of these have since proved of a character so unworthy as to induce your request for their dismissal from the service.

Of the remaining number asked for by yourself a proportion have, on application, been assigned to different general officers of the command, leaving an average of about twenty-five on duty at your headquarters or elsewhere under your immediate orders. The withdrawal of several officers of the general staff, on your assuming command of deparmtnet has necessitated the assignment of a number of your personal staff as substitutes on general duties.

Officers of headquarters staff are employed as follows: Colonel Anselm Albert, chief of staff; Colonel Albert Tracy (captain, Tenth Regulars), acting assistant adjutant-general; Colonel John T. Fiala, chief of topographical engineers, department headquarters Colonel W. F. Raynolds (captain, u. S. Regular Service), chief of topographical engineers in the field; Colonel Charles Zagonyi, chief of cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel John Pilsen, chief of artillery; Major R. M. Corwine, judge advocate (absent on detached service during campaign); Colonel R. N. Hundson, provost-marshal-general in the field (on leave from may 23); Captain John C. Hopper, chief of scouts and spies; Capts R. W. Raymond and T. J. Weed, mustering officers; Captain G. Ward Nichols, in charge of postal service; Captain Cyrus Hamlin, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Colonel Philip Figyelmesy and Major Leonidas Haskell, assistant of chief of cavalry; Captain John R. Howard, in charge of telegraphic correspondence. Colonel Gustave P. Cluseret, aide-de-camp, though present, is not included as a staff officer at headquarters, he being in command of light brigade.

Respectfully submitted.

ALBERT TRACY,

Additional Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

