
there a short stand. Again the enemy unmasked two brass pieces, which at last drove us by their vigorous fire back; but I caused the captured gun to be tipped over, so that the enemy, in regaining it, could not drag it away.

The Fifth Ohio and Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania threw themselves once more with fixed bayonets forward, the formed losing four times in a few minutes their standard-bearer. Captain Whitcom at last took the colors up again, and cheering on his men, fell also. So Colonel Murray, gallantly leading on his Eighty-fourth. In fact, that ground was strewn with dead and wounded. General Tyler lost there his aide, Lieutenant Williamson, Twenty-ninth Ohio. I hurried back to bring up the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania and Fourteenth Indiana by a right-oblique movement through the woods, and the enemy, receiving all the combined shock and fire, retired, and left us in possession of our dearly-bought gun and caissons. United we pressed forward again, the enemy's two brass pieces and musketry pouring in their fire into our ranks. Three companies of the Eighth Ohio re-enforcing us, we gained one brass and its caissons, and compelled the enemy to fall back. this was at 7 p. m. I moved to the right flank and caused the cavalry to go forward on the now fast-retreating enemy, when I met with 6 of Ashby's cavalry, who shot down my orderly and killed his horse, one of the bullets my cap. I was forced to use my sword to kill one of them. The cavalry captured 2340 prisoners and met only with little resistance from the enemy's cavalry.

At 8 p. m. the musketry ceased. A few more of the cannon shots from their extreme left battery were fired, so as to withdraw our attention from the retreating foe, and all was over. Our men remained on the field of battle picked up the wounded, and slept upon their arms, to awake for the pursuit of the enemy on the morning of the 24th, who fell rapidly back beyond Newtown, when at 9 o'clock of the morning of the that day Major-General Banks took command, and I reported back to you.

General, I have the honor to be ever ready to serve in this glorious body of soldiers under able leading.

Most respectfully, your obedient, humble servant,

R. C. SHERIBER,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Inspector-General.

Brigadier General JAMES SHIELDS,

Commanding Second Division, Fifth Corps d' Armee.

Numbers 6. Reports of Lieutenant William W. Rowley, Twenty-eight New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Yorktown, Va., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the inclosed report relative to the services of signal officers at the battle of Winchester, and the accompanying communication from Lieutenant W. W. Rowley, acting officer in charge.

The attention of the Secretary of War is respectfully called to the fact that, without recognition or notice of their services, even when rendered on the field of battle and under circumstances of exposure,

