
On Sunday Lieutenants, Spencer, Fralick, Taylor, and Byram were of very great service to me.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

W. E. ROWLEY,

Acting Signal Officer.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer, Major, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL BANKS' ARMY CORPS,Strasburg, March 29, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the corps under my command are at present around here.

There are but two station now, but I go to Front Royal to-morrow to establish a station and connect it with point. it will take at least one intermediate station. As fast as it is safe push on toward Manassas, desiring to connect the two points, the distance being about 62 miles. I shall establish as far as I can with what I have, and trust to luck for the balance. If it is a fair country, I shall have sufficient to go through the whole distance.

I received yours of the 8th of March to-day, ordering Lieutenant Taylor to Washington. I am very sorry to lose him, he being an excellent officer. You are thinning out my good officers pretty fast. I hardly think it just, after we have labored to work to some degree of proficiency.

I would like to be returned to my regiment, as this service is very expensive and hard. I believe I have labored more that any man in the division, and as yet get no credit. All of us have endeavored to do our duty, but the service is such that no one knows it or seems to appreciate. As yet I have seen no mention made of us at the battle of Winchester. I know we were of great service. I remained up all night with several others, and was at work transmitting messages a good portion of the time. The general commanding told me we were of great service, and that we should be honorably mentioned. I would like to be returned to my regiment, where I can stand some show for promotion.

I am, yours, respectfully,

W. W. ROWLEY,

Acting Signal Officers.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officers and Major, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,New Market, Va., April 21, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your favor of the 15th instant I have the honor to report that on the 22nd of March, 1862, in the afternoon, General Jackson made his appearance before Winchester with two pieces of artillery and some cavalry. There was desultory firing, but of not much moment that day. My party was not all this day, except two or three officers as lookers-on.

On the 23rd cannonading was commanded quite early on both sides, and kept up at intervals during the forenoon. About 2 p. m., seeing

23 R R-VOL XII

