
that the enemy was gathering in some force, I went to the field, accompanied by Lieutenants Wicker, Fralick, Larned, Spencer, Harvey, Byran, Miner, Taylor, Briggs, and Halsted, with their flagmen. I also had two of mine with me. On arriving upon the battle-field we found Colonel Kimball in command. I immediately located a station near Colonel Kimball, placing Lieutenant john H. Fralick upon it with his two flagmen. Colonel Sullivan was is command of our left flank, about 1 1/2 miles from Colonel Kimball. I ordered Lieutenant Larned to go to Colonel Sullivan with his flagman and locate a station, which he accordingly did. I afterward sent Lieutenant Briggs to assist him. Then, at Colonel Kimball's request, I established communication between him and General Shields, who was confined to his room with a wound received the day before Winchester, about 3 miles. I did it at once by sending Lieutenant Miner to General Shields' headquarters, Lieutenants Wicker and Spencer occupying the station next to Lieutenant Miner; Lieutenant Harvey the station next to Wicker's and Spencer's, he communication with Lieutenant Fralick.

About 3 o'clock p. m. Colonel Tyler was ordered to advance with five regiment to turn the enemy's left and captured a battery which was playing upon our center. I dispatched Lieutenant Taylor, with one flagman to accompany him. After proceeding about 1 1/2 miles he was met with a heavy force, which pounded in upon him volley with deadly effect, but forces under Colonel Tyler answered it with a will. It was here that Lieutenant Taylor's flagman was wounded in the arm. The flagman's horse was shot through the neck killed. Lieutenant Taylor did not succeed in opening communication with Lieutenant Fralick.

I then sent Lieutenant Byran over to our right, so as to get communication with Colonel Tyler, which he did in fine style. The firing lasted until dark, when both sides ceased, the rebels having been routed at all points, we capturing two guns and there caissons.

Lieutenant Taylor joined Lieutenant Byram about dark, and the two worked the station during the night. Lieutenants Larned and Briggs remained upon their station all night upon the left, Byram and Taylor all night upon our right, Lieutenant Spencer and myself upon the station at the center. At dark, with Colonel Kimball's consent, i ordered all the other station to proceed to the quarters, which they did.. The stations at the center and upon the left were almost constantly at work, ordering up re-enforcement, &amp;c. All the stations worked well, no mistake occurring and no reports being called for. Lieutenants Fralick, Taylor, Byram, add myself were in

the most exposed part of the field; at times it being very much exposed. Some of the time I acted as aide to Colonel Kimball, carrying messages to different portions of the field. During the night our station were kept pretty busy sending messages.

The names of the flagmen who worked in the exposed portions of the field are follows: Lieutenant Larged, Flagman Alonzo H. Hurd, Company H, First Minnesota Volunteers; Lieutenant Fralick, Flagman Edward G. Redner, Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Taylor, Flagmen Oliver S. Temple, Forty-third New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Byram, Flagman S. W. Shirley, Sixteenth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Rowley, Flagman Peter Spargo, First Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteers.

All the officers and men did their duty well and faithfully, and I think all are equally deserving. All could not be in the battle, as some were ordered on station a little removed. They all did their work

