
fully refer. I also inclose the report of Captains keys and Greenfield, of the Pennsylvania squadron. These excellent officers were assigned to severe duty, but discharged it well. The loss of the cavalry force was 3 killed and 5 wounded, 1 probably mortally.* I sent to Winchester a very large numbers have not yet been received to enable me to forward an accurate statement, many being now absent on duty.

I take pleasure in mentioning the prompt and gallant conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Copeland, of the First Michigan, to whose efficient exertions the whole command are much indebted. He was actively supported by Major Chamberlain, of the Virginia regiment, and by Captain Menken, of the Ohio forces, both of whom during the attack, as a portion of the supporting force, were distinguished for soldier like bearing. Captain J. B. Park, who was detachment from his company, now under the command of Colonel, was severely wounded while acting as a volunteer is supporting the storming party. This gallant officer deserves high commendation for his gallantry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. F. BRODHEAD,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry, Fifth Corps d' Armee.

Major H. G. ARMSTRONG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt.. General, Shields' Div., Winchester, Va.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph T. Copeland, First Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Strasburg, March 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders of the evening of the 22nd instant I proceeded with the companies of this regiment to the Stone Mill, about 1 mile from Winchester, on the pike leading to this place, where Major Paldi, of our regiment, was encamped with one company, and had reported that the enemy were advancing on the town. We held the enemy in check some two hours till re-enforcements could come up. About the time of the arrival of the forces under General Shield Major Chamberlain reported to me with six companies of the Virginia cavalry and Captain Keys with one squadron of Pennsylvania cavalry. After the retreat of the enemy I ordered one squadron of Major Chamberlain's commands to patrol the Romney road, Captain Keys with his squadron to patrol the Romney road. Captain Keys with his squadron to patrol the Front Royal road, and two companies the pike in our advance. The balance of the cavalry returned to their quarters, with orders from you to report at your headquarters the next morning at daylight.

On the morning of the 23rd I report with the companies of this regiment not already engaged and away upon detachment service at the headquarters of General Shields for orders, as per your direction. I was directed by General Shields to proceed at once and report to Colonel Kimball upon what subsequently became the field of battle. I proceeded thither, and during the morning the following additional bodies of cavalry, by your orders, reported to me for orders, viz: Five companies of Virginia, three of Maryland, two of Ohio, and two of Pennsylvania.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 346.

---------------

