
enemy on his left on the Romney road, and giver due notice of his approach by reporting to the rear and headquarters. I proceeded to fulfill this order and followed the Romney road for 7 miles; then sending a scout to the front for 3 miles farther, with instructions as above, I returned 2 miles to where a road intersects the Romney road from Newtown. At this point we had captured two suspicious persons and sent them to headquarters. Here we went off to the southeast and soon head firing in our front. We next saw some (secesh) rebel cavalry, who upon our retired. We advanced until within 800 yards and to the rear of the battle-ground. The fire of musketry was then increasing. The artillery had ceased and the contending forces were approaching each other, but it was dusk, and I was unable, from the smoke of the firing and the dusk of the evening, to distinguish friend from foe, and from my position to the left and rear of the enemy I feared to approach nearer, lest our forces should open on us. After the firing ceased for the night I was my company, returned to quarters and reported for further duty.

On the 24th, with my command, numbering 80 men, I reported on the field to you, when again I was referred to Colonel Copeland for orders. Accordingly I went in the advance, sometimes on the right and sometimes on the left, as skirmishers,and sometimes as supporters to the artillery. We pressed the enemy to Newtown, where we were charging the enemy, when we received orders to halt the head of the column. From this point we were sent to the right to cut off a baggage train, but none had passed by the a road We approached the main road again at Cedar Creek and encamped for the night. On the 25th we were again on the advance, the enemy gradually filling back 4 miles beyond Strasburg. Here, by your order, I reported with my command back to General Williams and Colonel Donnelly.

JOHN KEYS,

Captain, Commanding Squadron Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel BRODHEAD, Chief of Cavalry.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Andrew J. Greenfield, Pennsylvania Cavalry.

STRASBURG, March 26, 1862.

In pursuance of your order, on the morning of the 23rd I proceeded out the Front Royal road about 5 miles with my command of 30 men to watch the enemy's right. I then fell back a short distance, making my position to the left and front of our infantry skirmishers, making it convenient to communicate. I continued to send messengers back to headquarters, reporting position and observation. About cavalry approached about 12 m. within 1 mile of our front and then retired. About 4 o'clock I was over communicating with the commanding officer of the skirmishers, when about 40 rebel cavalry attacked them, but were repulsed before I could bring my command to their assistance. I kept the by-roads well guarded and the front well patrolled. About 12 o'clock, leaving a strong picket, I returned to camp.

A. J. GREENFIELD,

Captain, Commanding Washington Cavalry.

Captain JOHN KEYS,

Commanding First Squadron Pennsylvania Cavalry.

