
each one in its turn moving gallantry forward, sustaining a heavy fire from both the enemy's batteries and musketry. Soon all of the regiments above named were pouring forth a well-directed fire, which was promptly answered by the enemy, and after a hotly contested action of two hours, just as night closed in, the enemy gave way and were soon completely routed, leaving their dead and wounded on the field, together with two pieces of Artillery and four caissons. Our forces retained possession of the field and bivouacked for the right.

The batteries, under their chief, Lieutenant-Colonel Daum, were well posted and ably served during the day and the whole action. I respectfully refer to the several accompanying reports for the details of the engagement.

I regret report the loss of the gallant Colonel Murray, Eight-fourth Pennsylvania, who fell while bravely leading forward his gallant men, amidst a perfect storm of shot and shell.

Where all have done so well, both officers and men, and achieved so much, it would be seemingly invidious to particularize any individual officer deserves the highest commendation for the gallant manner in which he led his brigade during the conflict, and he, with the gallant Carroll, Harrow Foster, Voris, Patrick, Thoburn, Sawyer, Buckley, Cheek, and Creigton, deserve well of their country. Colonel sullivan commanding the Second Brigade, and on the left, through not attacked in force, his batteries and skirmishers engaged the enemy and prevented the turning of that flank. He too merits the highest commendation. I am under many obligations to Colonel Clark, Majors Copeland and Perkins, and Captain Shriber and Scheffler, of Major-Generals Banks' staff, for valuable assistance rendered, and it is with pleasure I mention their gallantry ion the field. To Colonel John S. Mason, of the Fourth Ohio, and his adjutant, Lieutenant Green, I am deeply indebted for valuable assistance rendered. To my own staff officers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General John J. P. Blinn and Aide-de-Camp Lieutenant Charles T. Boudinot, I am under many obligation for the gallant and efficient manner in which they discharged their duties on the field.

I herewith submit a plank of the battle, prevent by Captain Mason, of the Sixty-seventh Ohio, to whom I am much indebted for this valuable assistance.

A recapitulation of the killed, wounded, and missing is also append.*

All which is respectfully submitted.

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Colonel Fourteenth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

Major H. G. ARMSTRONG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 346.

---------------

