HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SHIELDS' DIVISION,Strasburg, Va., March 27, 1862.

SIR: I regret very much that I made no mention of the Signal Corps under Lieutenant W. W. Rowley, who rendered such valuable assistance on the field in signaling orders and reports. Lieutenant Rowley and the officers and men under him deserve the greatest praise and by their vigilance and efficiency have made the Signal Corps an indispensable arm of the service. I desire to make favorable mention of Lieutenant Rowley, his officers and men, and especial mention of Private Temple, fragment for Lieutenant Taylor, who was wounded in the arm and had his house shots from under him while in the discharge of his duty on the field.

I am, sir respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major H. G. ARMSTRONG, A. A. A. G., Shields' Division.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Williams Harrow, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP FOURTEENTH REGIMENT INDIANA FOOT VOLS.,

Near Winchester, Va., March 26, 1862.

SIR: During the severe engagement with the enemy commencing on the evening of the 22nd instant near Winchester, Va., and terminating in a brilliant victory to the Federal forces and complete round of the enemy on the evening of the 23 instant, the Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers bore a conspicuous part. At 5.30 o'clock p. m. on the 22nd they were formed at their camp, nearly 2 miles in the rear Winchester, and moved rapidly forward beyond the town 2 miles out on the turnpike road leading to Strasburg, and there remained under arms upon the left of our batteries firing the continuance of the enemy's fire that evening. This regiment lay upon their arms that night, and early next day, while preparing to establish their camp near that point, were again called out by the enemy renewing the attack in force. Remaining at this point near an hour and a half as a support to two batteries of artillery in position on the left of the road, they now were ordered rapidly forward toward the enemy, and proceeding about 1 mile received orders to hasten to position to support,m if necessary, the Right Ohio Regiment, Colonel Carrol, who had gone forward and were engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, who were reported steadily approaching. Having proceeded to a point favorable for the accomplishment of that purpose,they were formed in line of battle across an open meadow on the left of the road and directly in front of the enemy's guns, when for thirty minutes the enemy fired upon them rapidly with shot and shell, many of their missiles bursting almost within our ranks. Colonel Sullivan's command having by this time formed in our rear, and Colonel Carroll having withdrawn for the time his line and deployed his command upon our extreme left, I received an order from you to look well to the for any attempt of the enemy to turn that flank. I them moved the regiments to the left of Colonel Sullivan's command and occupied a space between his line and Colonel Carroll. We there remained in position, the enemy continuing to fire shell at our lines until by your order the regiment was moved across the road and was halted near the battery on the hill in your immediate presence.

