
Remaining in this position one and a half hours, the enemy were discovered moving in force to our right flank. Almost immediately thereafter the collision occurred between the enemy's infantry forces and that portion of our own troops occupying the extreme right. The fire becoming general along our whole right, the Fourteenth Regiment was ordered forward at a double-quick step. Having formed themselves, they eagerly pushed through a slight skirt of timber and crossed an elevation covering the enemy, during the execution of which movement a continuous fire was enemy, during the execution of which movement a continuous fire was kept up upon our lines from one of the enemy's batteries. Having crossed a depression in the ground and coming up to the summit we immediately received a terrific fire from the enemy's infantry. At this point several of our men fell wounded and 1 killed.

On our right the Fifth and Eighth-fourth Pennsylvania Regiments were hotly engaged, when the Fourteenth Indiana rushed forward, cheering at the top of this voices, our right being extended so as to form a connection with the troops in that direction, the left moving directly forward a line of stone fencing connecting with a heavy line of timber in our front. At this point of time a portion of our right wing, under the immediate direction of Lieutenant Catterson, acting adjutant, attacked and silenced the enemy's gun, heaving first received a fire from grape or canister shot at a distance short of 100 yards. This gun the enemy hastily removed under cover, with a loss of 5 or 6 cannoneers killed. The enemy's infantry then rose from their ambush in front and commenced a rapid and murderous fire upon our entire line. This part of their forces. I have been informed, was the rebel brigade known as General Loring's command. Their fire was promptly, rapidly, and gallantry returned, and for more than an hour the road of musketry upon each side was terrific, almost beyond conception; during which time Captain Kelly and Second Lieutenant Slocum, of Company K; First Lieutenant Lindsay, Of Company I captain Martin and First Lieutenant Beem of Company H, and Sergt. Major Thomas C. Bailey fell wounded while bravely sustaining and urging forward their respective commands. During this period also national and regimental color-bearers each fell wounded, when their places were promptly supplied. The bearer of the regimental colors, who had seized when the first was wounded, being also wounded, both standards were seized and for a time held up by a private of Company E.

Lieutenant Catterson, being my only mounted officer, became a conspicuous mark by his presence and activity immediately before the enemy. He had his horse killed under him, the animal receiving six balls, two of which barely escaped killing that officer. This escape from instant death is truly wonderful. The smoke from the enemy's guns and our own, together with the lateness of the evening, prohibit any mention of officer or men, if indeed such discrimination was possible when every officer and man engaged performed his duty to himself, his regiments,and country so nobly. Night closing in the rout of the enemy became general, and another brilliant victory has been chronicled and another hard blow to rebellion has been struck. The entire command lay upon their arms during the night, and for the two days next succeeding pursued the retreating the night, and for the two days next succeeding pursued the retreating enemy till a point 3 miles beyond this camp was reached, but was unable to overtake them.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WM. HARROW,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Vols., Commanding.

Colonel N. KINBALL, 14th Ind. Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, Shields' Div.

