
U. S. Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Louis H. Pelouze, assistant adjutant-general, recorder of the court, and Major-General McDowell, U. S. Volunteers.

The order convening the court was read by the recorder.

Major-General McDowell was informed that if there were no objections entertained to any member of the court the oath would be administered according to law.

No objections were made.

The court was then duly sworn by the recorder, and the reoccurred was duly sworn by the presiding officer of the court in the presence of Major-General McDowell.

The charges referred to in the order convening the court not having been received, the recorder was instructed to address a communication to the Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army, stating that the court of inquiry instituted in Special Orders, Numbers 350, dated Headquarters of the Army, November 17, 1862, have organized, and to request that a copy of the charges referred to in said order be furnished the court.

The court adjourned to meet Monday, 24th November, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

L. H. PELOUZE, *

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Recorder.

THIRD DAY.

COURT-ROOM,

Washington, D. C., November 24, 1862-11 a. m.

Thee court mt pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major General George Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General, John H. martindale, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James H. Van Alen, U. S. Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Louis H. Pelouze, assistant adjutant-general, recorder of the court, and Major-General McDowell, U. S. Volunteers.

The proceedings of the preceding days were read by the recorded and approved by the court.+

The recorder here stated that, in compliance with the instructions of the court, given at its last sitting, he addressed a communication to the Headquarters of the Army in words as follows:

COURT-ROOM,

Washington, D. C., November 22, 1862-1.30 p. m.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

I am instructed to communicate that the court of inquiry ordered to assemble in Special orders, Numbers 350, dated Headquarters of the Army, Washington, November 17, 1862, have organized, and, further, to request that the court may be furnished with a copy of the charges referred to in said order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PLEOUZE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Recorder Court of Inquiry.

*The daily record henceforward is attested by the signature of Lieutenant-Colonel Pelouze.

+So much of the daily journal as sets forth the meeting of the court, the names of members and others present, and the reading and approval of the previous recorded will be omitted. Exceptional entries on these subjects will be noted.

