
and wounded, and procured ambulances or temporary litters, and bore them from the field.

My whole command consisted of Company C, Captain Butterfield, with Lieutenants Lewis and Hysung and 41 non-commissioned officers and privates; Company D, command by Lieutenant Reid, whit 45 non-commissioned officers and privates; Company E, commanded by Lieutenant Craig, with 49 non-commissioned officers and privates; Company H, commanded by Lieutenant Wright, with 53 non-commissioned officers and privates.

My officers and behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery, and I cannot forbear mentioning Captain Butterfield, who constantly at his post encouraging the men and rendering me every assistance in his power. I might also mention with equal propriety Lieutenants Reid and Craig (who was wounded), Lewis and Wright. They all behaved gallantly, and stood the enemy's fire until he was driven from before us. I joined you the next morning soon after daylight, in pursuance of an order received during the night.

FRANKLIN SAWYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eight Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel S. S. CARROLL, U. S. A.,

Colonel Eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alvin C. Voris, Sixty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1862.

I have the honor to report to you that the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, on the evening of the 22nd, was ordered to report to General Banks for picked duty. In the earliest practicable time the regiment reported to his headquarters and was ordered to report to General Shields on the field, which was done on the Strasburg pike beyond Winchester. We were deployed as skirmishers under the enemy's fire on the left flank, being the first regiment of infantry on the field. We advanced as skirmishers some 2 miles and till after dark. About 10 o'clock were ordered by you to go into camp. Companies A, F, and I were detailed for picket duty, 8 o'clock a. m. of the 23rd instant, to the and front. Companies F and I did join the regiment till Monday morning. These three companies engaged the enemy as skirmishers on the left early in the day, and gallantly drove the rebel skirmishers under the cover of their artillery. Company A joined my command early in the afternoon. The remaining six companies six companies early in the day were ordered to deploy as skirmishers to the extreme right, which was partially done, when we were ordered to support the battery (Dam's) on the right. Afterward we were relieved by the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, and ordered to hold ourselves as reserve in a wood to the right of the batteries on the right of the pike.

Later in the day we were ordered to support the battery directly in front of the position occupied by the commanding general. After the infantry fight was open we were ordered to re-enforce our troops.

We passed over the open field intervening under a raking fire from the enemy's artillery, and formed line of battle on the right of the

