
first brigade and commenced firing on the enemy's extreme left, and held our first position until the enemy were driven from their position. The Sixty-seventh turned their left flank and terribly punished them from first to last.

I cannot speak in too high praise of my officers (with one or two exceptions) and men. Few of the had ever under fire before, but they fought with a persistency that never meant to yield. I an proud of my men. Company G was not in the action, having been detailed for guard duty at Winchester on the 18th instant and not yet relieved.

A. C. VORIS,

Lieutenant Co., Commanding Sixty-seventh Regiment Ohio Vols.

General KIMBALL,

Commanding General Shields' Division.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel Jeremiah C. Sullivan, Thirteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SHIELDS' DIVISION,Near Tom's Brook, March 26, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of the parch my brigade took in the battle on the 23rd, near Winchester:

The Second Brigade, which I commanded, consisted of the Thirteenth Indiana, Fifth Ohio, Thirty-ninth Illinois, and Sixty-second Ohio. Ohio. My position was on the left wining in a large open field, facing the woods, which were occupied by the rebels. I had no sooner formed my line of battle than the enemy opened on me a heavy and well-directed fire from his artillery, which was sustained for over five hours. The right wing being hard present, General Kimball sent to me for re-enforcement. I sent to him one regiment. Again and again were re-enforcements asked for until I was left on the left wing with but one regiment-the Thirty-ninth Illinois-and two pieces two of artillery. I however, advance and open fire on the enemy concealed in the woods,and drove back the artillery that was playing on me. The on my right had now nearly ceased, but no evidence could be obtained to warrant a belief that the enemy had retire. We rested that night on our arms, expecting every moment an attack. The next morning at daylight I started to attack them, but found that all had retired save a rear guard, which I drove some 3 miles before any re-enforcement reached me.

The loss of the regiments in my brigade is heavy, but owing to our being in advance and yet pursuing the enemy I have no means of as certaining correctly. Officers and men behaved nobly, and once even gave evidence that their hearts were in this cause. With such soldiers our flag will soon be carried in triumph over the rebellious States.

Inclosed I send copies of the reports of the different commanders on the field. Being in advance and in bivouac, my facilities for obtaining correct information of our loss are small. I am now 25 miles from the field of battle, and surgeons have made no reports.

I remain, respectfully,

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

H. G. ARMSTRONG,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

