
aide to the rebel General Jackson, a number of lieutenants, and some arms, all of witch I will report as soon as I can ascertain the exact number of each. Our loss is about 40 killed and wounded, among them Major Dobbs and Captain Sayles, of Company G. It is impossible for me at this time to give you the exact casualties in the Thirteenth, but inclosed you will find a list as correct as it is possible for me to render at this time.*

I am, respectfully,

ROBT. S. FOSTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel. Commanding Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel J. C. SULLIVAN,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant George H. Whitcamp, Acting Adjutant Fifth Ohio Infantry.

MARCH 26, 1862.

The Fifth Ohio was ordered by Acting Brigadier-General Sullivan to turn out under arms on Saturday evening, March 22, at 5 o'clock. There had ben some cannonading within hearing of our camp during the day. We marched out the Strasburg road about 3 miles, there halter, and were ordered back to picket the Romney and Cedar Creek road. On the following morning we had orders or proceeded to camp, but were halted on the road to wait for instructions, which we received in about one-half hour, and marched to the right of Kernstown. About 9 o'clock a. m. we were ordered to support Dam's battery. The fire from the enemy was heavy and constant, principally shell round shot, which continued for about one hour. There was none of our regiment hurt up to that time, although the firing was in line with our battery, but most of the volleys went too far, which was very fortunate for our forces. The battery changed position and moved over to the left of Kernstown, on a level with woods to our regiment at their support there came a perfect hurricane of shell from the woods. There must have been a masked battery there, for the fire was tremendous.

We remained under fire about three-quarters of an hour. The battery was forced to retire under a very heavy and destructive fire. We were not aware that the artillery had given way until the piece on the right had gone. They had 1 man killed and we had 2 wounded in our regiment. The lieutenant commanding the battery met our lieutenant-colonel commanding, and said that he could hold position any longer that he did; that his battery was not strong enough for theirs, and was forced to abandon his position. We then took up a position in support of the same pieces, with part of Clark's battery, to the right of Kernstown on a hill, where we remained about two hours. The firing continued with the same unabated fury, mostly shell and a few round shot. At this time the enemy marched on a fresh re-enforcement of infantry to flank us on the right.

Our regiment was ordered by Acting Brigadier-General Kimball to leave the battery and proceed to the right flank. The battery

---------------

* See revised statement, p. 346.

---------------

