
by this time was almost if not entirely out of ammunition. After we had got half way to where the infantry were engaged an order came from Acting General Kimball to detach five companies to go back and guard the batteries, which weakened our regiment very materially, and Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick did not know until he was in front of the enemy that he had only a half regiment to firing with. As soon as we got through a little grove of brush and young trees we advanced. The Eight-fourth Pennsylvania was on our left. We passed them and pressed forward. Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick caution our men to "keep cool" "hold their ground," "stand solid," and "every man to do his duty;" "to remember Cincinnati, their homes, and their country," "not to waste their powder." He was still in front of his men when Lieutenant Marshall called out to him to fall behind; that he was unnecessarily exposing himself. Our men advanced steadily, some of them to their ;last advance. When they reached the brow of the hill the enemy were below and in a front in the tress and small brush. At the first fire from the enemy our two color-bearers fell-B. Isdell, to rise no more, and E. Swaine, wounded in the cheek. He will recover. Five national flag received forty-eight bullet-holes and the regimental flag ten; even the flagstaffs were broken in several places.

It was here that our gallant Captain Whitcom fell. He rushed to the colors after they were shot down for the second time, waved them and drew his pistol, when he received that fatal bullet in his cheek, passing through his head. He fell to the ground and never moved afterward. At that moment it was an almost hand-to-hand fight. The enemy was pressing forward and some of them were within 10 yards of our regiment. The fire was galling, and a perfect whirlwind of balls were flying. as if the air had been suddenly filled with hissing snakes. It appeared to rage with increasing fury. We had no support on our left for some time after we had commenced firing. At last the Eight-fourth Pennsylvania advanced to support our flank, but twice they fell back. The third time their brave colonel urged them to follow him and stand fast. It was under that advance that the gallant Colonel Murray lost his life. When the colonel fell his regiment retreated and could not be rallied again. Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick beseeched them not to leave the field,but they had taken the panic, and in became infectious. The regiment on our right flank gave way and fell back. It was a trying moment for the Fifth Ohio. They then received the enemy's whole fire. For a few minutes the tide of success was between the ebb and flow. They stood their ground nobly. Officers and men did their duty.

Our lieutenant-colonel (Patrick) at that moment encouraged the men, telling them not to give way, but stand fast, and there was not a man flinched. The regiment on our right, seeing us remain firm, rallied again. The fourteenth Indiana, under the command of the adjutant, came on our left and commenced firing behind us, and the first volley they fired Colonel Patrick ran forward to them and ordered them to cease firing; that they were firing on our,men. The officer then asked him where the secesh or rebel, line were. He told him that there were no lines here, but turn his men more to the left and advance and he would see the rebels. The enemy by this time were giving way, and after a few minutes we turned their flank, and they ran and our forces after them,, and killing them as they ran.

It was them getting dark and our men were very much fatigued, yet

