
the excitement kept them on their feet. There were a few of them remained behind to take care of the wounded and dying. We kept advancing until we reached their battery and took one piece. In the mean time there was a heavy re-enforcement coming across from the woods to assist the rebels. The Thirteenth Indiana had joined us, and the other five companies of the Fifth, in command of Acting Major Hays, were advancing to our aid. The rebel re-enforcements were seized with the same panic the others had,, and they made a very short stand. We kept advancing on them until darkness closed upon us all Had it continued light for one hour longer the whole rebel would have been captured.

We had hardly completed the task of gathering up our dead and wounded when an order came for our regiment to go out on picket duty. I told Colonel Patrick of the order. He went to see the general about it, and informed him that our regiment had been up two nights and had very little to eat; that there were other regiments that had not endured so much fatigue. He wanted to know them. The lieutenant-colonel mentioned one. Their acting brigadier-general said he did not know where to find it, and we would have to serve, and so we did. The next day we followed the enemy beyond Strasburg.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEO. H. WHITCAMP,

Lieutenant, Acting Adjutant.

Numbers 20. Reports of Colonel Erastus B. Tyler, Seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SHIELDS' DIVISION,Camp Kimball, March 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the action of my command in the battle of Winchester, Sunday, March 23, 1862, together with a report of the killed, wounded, and missing:

On my arrival to the support of General Kimball about 2 p. m. two regiments of my command were brought to the front to support Colonel Daum's artillery-the Seventh Ohio and Seventh Indiana-the other three remaining in the rear. At about 4 o'clock General Kimball ordered me to proceed with my command down a ravine to the rear of a piece of woods on our right, and thence along the woods to the rear of a point on the enemy's left flank, where he had a battery of two pieces planted. Lieutenant-Colonel Daum continued to amuse them in the front while I proceeded to execute the order, and Captain Robinson's battery was sent in the same direction that I moved to commanding point between the woods and our main point of defense. I succeeded in reaching the enemy's rear unperceived by him, but found him in large force, as I afterward learned from his wounded, consisting of nine infantry regiments, and on the eve of attempting a flank movement similar to ours to capture Robinson's battery. Our front was within musket-range of him when he opened on u, and with such force that I immediately ordered up my reserve. His position was a strong to and stubbornly maintained for a time, but he was at length forced to fall back before the incessant and well-directed fire of our men. He was protected in front by a stone fence, while our only breastworks were the scattered trees of the woods and small natural embankment,

