
say five roods, and the fact that all his killed and wounded in that locality were struck in the head speaks in stronger terms that I can use of skill of our men as marksmen.

After my brigade had thus bravely stood their ground for at least an hour, think I may safety say, the Fourteenth Indiana arrived to my support, followed shortly after by the Eight-fourth Pennsylvania, Thirteenth Indiana, Sixty-se=vent Ohio, and Fifth Ohio, when the complete rout of the enemy was effected, he leaving for me two pieces of artillery-one iron 12-pounder and one brass 6-pounder-with caissons, and all his dead and wounded, amounting, the former to over 300, and the latter unknown, but very large. Considering the enemy's force and position, I consider my loss as noticed below very small. Both the men and officer of my command fourth with the most commendable bravery and determination, and are entitled to special mention, but in this brief report I cannot particularize. The colors of the Seventh Ohio were struck by twenty-eight balls, one carrying away the crescent of the spear-head, another braking the staff; those of the Seventh Indiana by other, and the Twenty-ninth Ohio by there balls. The darkness of the evening prevented my following the enemy beyond the ground ne had occupied, and early on the following morning the pursuit commenced, continuing until last evening. Thus you will perceive that under the present condition of affairs it is extremely difficult to give an accurate report of the loss in killed, wounded, and missing that my command have sustained. I must not neglect to say that to Act. Asst. Adjt. General E. S. Quay Aide-de-Camp Henry Z. Eaton, of Any staff, I am greatly indebted for the provost performance of their respective duties. For more definite particulars of the fight I would refer you my official report to General Kimball.

Respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, Your obedient servant,

E,. B. Tyler,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Brigadier-General SHIELDS.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE SHIELDS' DIVISION,Camp Kimball, Strasburg, March 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by command in the battle of Winchester, Sunday, March 23:

My command left Camp Shields at 11 o'clock a. m. 23rd March, reaching the toll-gate south of Winchester just as our batteries were opened upon the enemy. Remaining in column a short time, I received your order to strike the enemy on this left flank with my brigade, composed of the Seventh Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Creigton; Twenty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Buckley; First Virginia, Colonel Thoburn; Seventh Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Cheek, and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry, Colonel Lewis, jr. The order was executed with the Seventh Ohio on the right, the Twenty-ninth Ohio on the left, First Virginia in the center, Seventh Indiana in the right wing, and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania in the left wing, advancing in column of division. When within easy musket-range the enemy opened fire upon us with their infantry force, consisting of nine regiments. The reception was a warm one, and so heavy was in that I ordered up the reserve at once, when the action became general. The fire of the enemy was poured in

