
upon us front behind a stone wall with terrible effect, yet the column moved forward, driving them from their cover into an open wood when our men gave them a shower of leaden hail. The timely arrival of the Fourteenth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Harrow, in this unequal contest was of immense service, followed as they were soon after by the Eighty-Colonel Foster, and still later by the Sixty-seventh, Lieutenant-Colonel Voris, and Fifth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick, routing the enemy just as twilight was fading into night, leaving his dead and wounded on the field. We took from him one 6 and one 12 pounder gun, with their caissons, and about 300 prisoners. The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded could not have been less that 500.

To speak of the heroic acts of those engaged in the battle would require too much space in this brief report. The officers and men behaved as gallantly as ever men did, and are entitled to great credit. The field officers of the different regimens exerted themselves manfully, many of them having their horses shot under them early the engagement; others were seriously wounded, yet they pressed forward with their men, determinant to conquer or die. Where all did so well, and showed so much daring bravely, it would be unjust to mention one without mentioning all. That officers and men discharged their duty the result plainly-general, E. S. Quay, and aide-de-camp, Henry Z. Eaton, of my staff, I am greatly indebted for the prompt performance of their respective duties. Herewith I hand you a report of the dead and wounded of my command.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Acting Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel Williams D. Lewis, jr., One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 110TH Regiment PA. VOLS., SHIELDS' DIVISION,Winchester, Va., March 27, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of Sundays, March 23, my command left camp, 3 1\2 miles on the main road east on Winchester, by ordered of Colonel Tyler, Third Brigade, and Proceeded with his command immediately to the scene of action that afternoon. The brigade was ordered to the rear and to the left flank of the enemy, and was marched close column by division into and under cover of a thick wood, when a deadly fire immediately pounded in upon them, which for the moment staggered our troops. They soon recovered, and my command, with the rest of the brigade, advanced to the outskirts of the woods and returned the fire with great spirit. Subsequently, finding that the enemy held a strong position behind a stone fence across a ravine directly opposite our center and were harassing

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 346.

---------------

