
us with their fire, I ordered a charge of my command at "double-quick" upon that point, which was quite successful. The enemy were complete rounded on their flank and driven from their position behind the fence. In this charge the command suffered severely from the fire of the enemy. The regiment was rallied after the action in good order, and bivouacked for the night with the brigade on the field adjoining.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. D. LEWIS, JR.,

Colonel One hundred and tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Brigadier-General SHIELDS.

Numbers 22. Abstract from "Record of Events" in Williams' division, Fifth Army Corps.*

March 20.-Division order to march with all possible dispatch from Winchester to Centreville. Brigadier-General Williams assumed command.

The first Brigade marched from Winchester for Manassas on March 22. White at Castleman's Ferry, waiting for the Third Brigade to cross the Shenandoah, the brigade, in pursuance of a note from Major Copeland, assistant adjutant-general, counter-marched, and encamped at Berryville, Va. While encamped at Berryville, in pursuance of a note received from General Shields, commanding at Winchester, requesting brigade to support his command, then warmly engaged from Berryville to the field of battle, near Middletown, marching 36 miles in ten consecutive hours, and re-enforcing General Shields' command while engaged with the enemy. Brigade continued the pursuit of the enemy to Strasburg on March 24 and 25, and occupied Strasburg until the close of the month. During the forced march of the brigade from Berryville to Strasburg the shoes of one-half of the men in the brigade were worn out and rendered worthless. New shoes are urgently needed, but, although repeated requisition therefor have been made, they have not yet been supplied.

The Second Brigade marched March 21 to Berryville: March 22, to Snickersville; March 23, to Aldie, and thence to Manassas Junction, where it remained detached from the division at the close of the month.

The Thirds Brigade marched, March 22, from Winchester to Castleman'a Ferry; March 23, to Snickersville;March 24, from Snickersville back to Winchester; march 25, from Winchester to Middletown; March 26, from Middletown to Strasburg, where it remained at the close of the month.

The First and Third Brigades picked the advance of the Fifth Corps, opposite the enemy, in force, from March 25 to 31, being engaged during that time in daily skirmishes with the enemy.

---------------

* From division and brigade returns First Division for month of March, 1862.

---------------

