
enemy came in pursuit of me on Monday, and that nearly the same number has come from Winchester in the direction of Strasburg since then; that they had been leaving in this direction every day since Sunday up to the time of his leaving town, and that there must be about Strasburg between 16,000 and 20,000. From the report of Captain Hess, who has charge of a party of observation, there were about given to leave Winchester in the direction of Strasburg. On the roads leading northward persons leave town without passes. The enemy continued to return to Winchester from Castleman's from near 10 a. m. till near 4 p. m., and it is believed that all the force that had recently gone to Castleman's, with the expedition of about three regiments, returned, and all the force at Winchester, with exception of two or three regiments, has moved toward Strasburg.

There are no troops left at the encampment near Mrs. Carter's beyond Winchester. The lowest estimate made in Winchester of the killed and wounded of the enemy is 1,000; the highest 1,500. Mr. Philip Williams, of Winchester, whom you probably know, says that the he feels safe in putting the number at 1,200. My impression is that the estimate is too large, though I can only judge from the history of battles and what I saw. Three hundred and forty-one of my command fell into the hands of the enemy, so far as could be ascertained in Winchester; of this number, 81 killed and about 40 so badly wounded that they could not be sent off to the east. A committee of the citizens buried our dead, and the wounded have received that attention which only can give.

Philip Williams has been told by a gentleman from Battalion that there is an expedition fitting out against Magruder, and he attaches importance to the statement. It is well to remark that Mr. Williams is a warm friend to our cause, but sustains no other relation to the Army. I make this statement lest letter might fall into the hands of the enemy.

The Federal troops at Moorefield have taken possession of the keys of the court-house and jail. It appears that one object of their incursion is to unite section of the State to the Peirpoint government.

Very truly, yours,

T. J. JACKSON.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Near Mount Jackson, Va., April 9, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle near Kernstown, Va., on Sunday, March 23:

On the preceding Friday evening a dispatch was received from Colonel Turner Ashby, commanding the cavalry stating that the enemy had evacuated Strasburg. Apprehensive that the Federals wound leave this military district, I determined to follow them with all my available force. Ashby, with his cavalry and Chew's battery, was already in front. Colonel S. V. Fulkerson's brigade, consisting of the Twenty-third and Thirty-seventh Regiments Virginia Volunteers and

Shumaker's battery, was near Woodstock. Brigadier General R. Garnett's brigade, consisting of the Second, Fourth, Fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty third Regiments Virginia Volunteers, and McLaughlin's, Carpenter's,

