
mand, including Chew's battery, which rendered valuable service, remained on our right, and not only protected our rear in the vicinity of the Walley turnpike, but also served to threaten the enemy's front and left. Colonel Ashby fully sustained his deservedly height reputation by the able manner in which he discharged the important trust confided to him.

Owing to the most of our infantry having marched between 35 and 40 miles since the morning of the previous day many were left behind. Our number present on the evening of the battle was, of infantry 3,087, of which 2,742 were engaged; twenty-seven pieces of artillery, of which eighteen of country to be picketed only 290 of this arm were present to take part in the engagement.

There is reason to believe that the Federal infantry on the field numbered over 11,000, of which probably over 8,000 were engaged. It may be that our artillery engagement equaled that of the enemy, and that their cavalry exceeded ours in number.

Our loss was, killed, 6 officers, 12 non-commissioned officers, and 62 privates; wounded, 27 officers, 53 non-commissioned officers, and 262 privates, of which number some 70 were left on the field; missing, 13 officers, 21 non-commissioned officers, and 235 privates. Nearly all the missing were captured.

A few days after the battle a Federal officer stated that their loss in killed was 418. Their wounded, upon the supposition that it bears the same relation to their killed as ours, must be such as to make their total loss more that three times that of ours.

Our wounded received that care and attention from the patriotic ladies of Winchester which they know so well how to give, and our killed were buried by the loyal citizens of the town. The hospitality of Baltimoreans relieved the wants of the captured. For these acts of kindness, on both sides of the potomac, I am under lasting obligations. the officers and men of the various regiment and batteries deserve great praise.

In consequence of Major F. B. Jones, Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers, behind familiar with the locality, he was detachment from his regiment and acted as a staff officer during the engagement, and from his familiarity with the country, added to his zeal and daring, rendered very valuable service.

Dr. Hunter McGuire, medical director, discharged his duties in a manner which proved him admirably qualified for his position.

Major J. A. Harman, chief quartermaster, ably discharged his duties.

Major W. j. Hawks, Chief commissary, with his usual foresight, had the wants of his department well supplied.

First Lieutenant G. G. Junkin, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general, faithfully and efficiently devoted himself to this duties until near the close of the engagement, when, I regret to say, he was captured by the enemy.

First Lieutenant A. S. Pendleton, aide-de-camp, who is an officer eminently qualified for his duties, discharged them in a highly satisfactory manner.

First Lieutenant J. K. Boswell, chief engineer, rendered valuable service. Thought Winchester was not recovered, yet the more important object for the present, that of calling back troops that were leading the valley, and thus preventing a junction of Banks' command with other forces, was accomplished, in addition to his heavy loss in killed and wounded. Under these circumstances I feel justified in Saying that, through the

