
In the course of twenty minutes after these orders were given our troops fell back, and I took the position designated by General Jackson, having been joined by Captains Sheetz's and Turner's companies as we fell back. i remained in this position until all of our troops who retreated in that direction had passed and it became evident that the enemy wound not pursue them thought the open lend in our front, and until the enemy, who advanced thought the woods, were a short distance from our right. I then ordered my command to fall back to a ridge about 200 yards to our left and rear. on arriving I was informed, to my surprise, that the enemy's cavalry were on our left. I believed that I had used every precaution to received timely information of their advance on our left, having placed more than one-fourth of my command to watch them on that flank.

I have called upon Captains Sheets and Baylor to report why it was that this information was not communicated to me as soon as the enemy appeared, and herewith inclose their reports.*

I immediately, on heaving of the enemy's cavalry, ordered a charge, and they were driven back. We remained near this position, about three-forts of a mile in the rear and to the left of the battle ground until about 8 o'clock, covering the retreat of a large number of scattered infantry, and then marched to Newtown, where we arrived about 9 p. m.

The number of cavalry under my command, after the companies of Captains Sheetz and Turner had been added to it, was between 130 and 140, of whom between 30 and 40 were on picket duty on our left.

Respectfully submitted.

O. R. FUNSTEN,

Major of Ashby's Regiment of Cavalry.

Colonel TURNER ASHBY.

Numbers 27. Report of Colonel J. W. Allen, Second Virginia Infantry, First Brigade.

-,- -, 1862.

CAPTAIN: in obedience to Special Orders, 43, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under my command, on Sunday, March 23:

About 6 a. m., with seven companies of my regiment-Companies D, I, and H having been detachment under Captain Nedenbousch with Colonel Ashby's regiment of cavalry-we left camp, this side of Cedar Creek, and marched to within 5 miles of Winchester. Being in front of the brigade. I was directed to the left of the turnpike into a piece of woods, where the men were allowed to rest for about half an hour, when they were formed in line, and Company G thrown forward about 300 yards as skirmishers. Soon afterward I was directed to advance and support Colonel Fulkerson, when I overtook some three-quarters of a mile in front marching in line of battle.

At 2 p. m. I placed my regiment in double column and followed in his rear, Companies D, I, and H having taken their places in line, looking much wearied by their march and subsequent heavy skirmish

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

