
WASHINGTON, November 24, 1862.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: I inclose a copy of correspondence of this date with the court of inquiry instituted in Special Orders, Numbers 350, current series, agreeably to the action taken by the court. i have the honor to request it may be furnished, with a copy of my letter of September 6, 1862, to His Excellency the president, asking for a court of inquiry; and that, instead of being directed to investigate " certain charges" against me, as the order now reads, the court be directed to make the investigation asked for in my letter above referred to, and directed to report the facts and their opinion in the case.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

The recorder stated to the court that during last evening he received a communication from the Headquarters of the Army in words as follows:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Recorder of the Court of Inquiry:

The General-in-Chief having been informed that the court of inquiry convened to investigate charges against Major-General McDowell has adjourned owing to a statement from these Headquarters that there were no charges against that officer, directs me to call your attention to General McDowell's letter asking for a court of inquiry, and to say that matter for investigation may be found therein.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Since writing the foregoing your communication has been received, and the order by which the action of the court will be governed has been changed as suggested.

A copy of the order will be furnished to the court the Adjutant-General's Office.

Respectfully,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The reoccurred stated that he had made no application to the Headquarters of the Army to which the P. S. to the foregoing letter refers, and that the P. S. evidently applies to the letter just read by General McDowell.

The court expressed such to be its understanding. The letter with its P. S., of which the foregoing is a copy, is appended to the proceedings and marked D.*

The reoccurred here read an official copy of General McDowell's letter to the President, which copy was inclosed in the communication from the Headquarters of the Army received by the reoccurred last evening:

WASHINGTON, September 6, 1862.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I have been informed by a Senator that he had seen a note, in pencil, written by a colonel of cavalry mortally wounded in the recent battle, stating, among other courses that he was dying a victim "to McDowell's treachery," and that his last request was that this note might be shown to you.

That the colonel believed this charge, and felt his last at on earth was a great public service, there can be, I think, no question.

This solemn accusation from the grave of a gallant officer, who died for his country, is entitled to great consideration; and I feel called on to endeavor to meet it as well as so general a charge, from one now no longer able to support it, can be met.

---------------

*No reprinted in appendix.

---------------

