
In this skirmish the following casualties and losses were sustained Company D, 2 men wounded and brought off the field; Company H, Second Regiment, Lieutenant Link wounded and left on the field, owing to having been thrown, and the horse ran off, and 3 men brought off; Company I, Sergeants Shepherd and N. O. Sowers and private Roy, and left on the field, 2 of which were wounded in their efforts to carry off their wounded-Corporal Shephers wounded and brought off the field; Company H, Twenty-seventh Regiment, 1 man wounded and brought off the field.

The conduct of the officers and men in this skirmish was highly commendable. The officers behaved gallantly in encouraging and leading forward their men. The men, with loud shouts, moved forward like heroes, that knew no fear, until the word to fall back was given. Before the men had recovered for from their exhaustion from this skirmish we were ordered to join our respective regiments for the general engagement, which order was obeyed, but with rather slim ranks, after which their conduct and operations were under you eye.

With great respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

J. Q. A. NADENBOUSCH,

Captain, Commanding Detachment under Colonel Ashby.

Colonel J. W. ALLEN,

Commanding Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Numbers 29. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles A. Roland, Fourth Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Buchanan, Va., - -, 1862.

SIR: The following report of the battle of the valley, near Kernstown, on Sunday, the 23rd instant, so far as the Fourth Regiment was connected with it, is respectfully submitted:

On Saturday morning, the 22nd, the regiment left camp, near Mount Jackson, and marched to Cedar Creek, below Strasburg, a distance of 26 miles. The roads were very muddy, which made the march more fatiguing that in otherwise wound have been.

We rested at Ceder Creek all night, and on Saturday morning, the 23rd, took up the line of march toward Winchester. When about 1 mile below Newtown field to the left, leaving the turnpike. When about half a mile north of the road I was directed to from the regiment in line of battle with the Second. I was soon directed to charge this position and from on the left of the Twenty-seventh. in the mean time, advancing gradually toward the right wing of the enemy's line, I was then directed to move the regiment in line of battle across an open field and to cover as much space as possible. This exposed the regiment to the view of the enemy.

I remained in this field about ten minutes, and was ordered to change direction and occupy a position in the woods and more directly toward Kernstown. Here the regiment remained for some twenty-five or thirty minutes, where it was exposed to the shells from the enemy's guns. The firing was so heavy at this point that my horse became ungovernable and ran away with me, hurting me very much.

Here Major Pendleton assumed command and marched the regiment

