
to the extreme left, where the infantry were engaged. Men never behaved better that did the men of the Fourth Regiment. Major Pendleton and Adjutant Langhorne acted well their parts. I could mention others; but all acted (officers and men) so nobly, that I cannot mention one without bringing myself under obligations to number all. I mention Major Pendleton and Adjutant Langhone merely because they were more conspicuous in command of the regiment.*

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the promptness and efficiency of Dr. Black, surgeon, who rendered good service during the engagement.

CH. A. RONALD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg, Fourth Virginia Regiment.

Captain R. J. WINGATE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,April 7, 1862.

Colonel Roland will please state the number of men engaged on March 23.

By ordered of Major-General Jackson:

A. S. PENDLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The regiment number 203, rank and file, when the engagement commenced.

CH. A. R.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel William H. Harman, Fifth Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,March 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in pursuance of General Orders, 43, the operations of my regiment on the day and during the engagement of the 23rd instant:

Starting from near Ceder Creek, we marched a distance of 13 miles and to within 5 miles of Winchester, on the Valley turnpike, when we were ordered to the left of the road into Barton's woods, and remained about an hour, a brisk cannonade going on in our front.

My command was then ordered to take position in rear of a stone fence, running in front of an open field, between the woods and road, my right resting on the turnpike, the remainder of the brigade moving off to my left to the battle-field. After remaining in this position for about two hours, during which there was a continual fire of artillery in my front, and large bodies of the enemy moving around from my right, but approaching near then 1 1/2 or 2 miles, as well as I could judge, I was ordered by Major-General Garnett, through Major

---------------

* List of casualties here omitted is tabulated on p. 384.

---------------

