
meed of praise. When every single company officer displayed the greatest gallantry and intrepidity I cannot distinguish one over the other.

i cannot refrain from expressing the deepest regret at the loss of the following officers, left on the field, viz: Captain George T. Antrim, Company H, severely wounded: Second Lieutenant J. W. Dale, Company C, supposed to have been mortally wounded, and Lieutenant John W. Wilson, Company E, killed.

To Major Absalom Koiner, the only field officer with me, I am greatly indebted for his zeal and efficiency.

It is due to my personal staff to mention, in the very highest terms, for their gallantry and intrepidity, Adjt. James Bumgardner and Sergt. Major John W. Carroll; nor would it be right that I should fail to mention the distinguished conduct of my color-bearer, Sergt. Robert H. Fisher, of Company I.

The casualties of my regiment were, commissioned officers, 1 killed, Lieutenant J. W. Wilson, Company E; mortally wounded, Lieutenant J. W. Dale, Company C; seriously wounded, Captain George T. Antrin, Company H. non-commissioned officers killed, 1; wounded, 6. Privates killed, 7; wounded, 40; missing, 4. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 61; of which I herewith return a list.

Respectfully,

W. H. HARMAN,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Captain R. J. WINGATE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 31. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Grigsby, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT VA. VOLS.,Camp Stover, Va., March 27, 1862.

In compliance with General orders, 43, I make the following report of the Twenty-seventh Regiment during the engagement near Kernstown, on Sunday, the 23rd instant:

The Twenty-seventh Regiment was ordered by Major-General Jackson to take position in advance of Captain Carpenter's battery and to support the same. This they did, taking position some distance in advance of the battery, with Captain Shriver's company thrown forward as skirmishers. The position where the regiment was first drawn up being untenable, the regiment fell back to the crest of a hill in rear of the first position, the enemy advancing in heavy force.

The enemy was repulsed twice before re-enforcements reached us, which were promptly sent forward as soon as called for.

The position was held until the regiment was ordered to retire, which order was received after the men had fired their last round of cartridges.

They retired slowly from a hard-fought field in the face of an overwhelming force.

Colonel Echols fell severally wounded while gallantly leading his regiment in the hottest of the fight.

I cannot speak in terms of too much praise of the officers of the regiment, who acted most gallantly thought the engagement, constantly exposing themselves to the most galling fire.

