
The non-commissioned corps and privates bore themselves gallantly thought the engagement, obeying with alacrity all the orders they received.

The regiment suffered severally, having lost, in killed, wounded, and missing, 57 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates.*

Among the missing are Captains Holloway and Robertson and Lieutenants Lady.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GRIGSBY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Virginia Volunteers.

Captain R. J. WINGATE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,April 7, 1862.

Colonel Grisby will please state how many men were in the engagement of March 23.

By order of Major-General Jackson;

A. S. PENDLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR NEW MARKET, VA.,

April 7, 1862.

There was in my (Twenty-seventh) regiment when drawn up in Barton's woods 170 guns, all told.

A. J. GRIGSBY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Vols.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Arthur C. Cummings, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry.

CAMP BUCHANAN, VA.,

Near Mount Jackson, Va., March 29, 1862.

SIR: i have the honor to report to the general commanding the First Brigade the part borne by my regiment (the Thirty-third Virginia Volunteers) in the engagement with the enemy, near Kernstown, on the 23rd instant.

About 3 p. m. on Sunday we came in sight of the enemy's batteries, having marched a distance of about 40 miles from 8 o'clock the previous morning. After remaining in a strip of woods west of the Winchester turnpike my regiment, by the general's order, was marched by flank about half a mile in a northwesterly direction, when it was formed in line of battle, and advanced in line a short distance through a flat woodland immediately in the direction of the enemy's batteries, planted upon a commanding eminence a little west of the Winchester turnpike and southwest of Kernstown. Here, under a heavy fire from the enemy's

---------------

* See p. 384.

---------------

