
battery, the regiment was formed, by the order of the general, into column of divisions, and advanced in a north westerly direction through an open space, when it was formed again in line, and marched by flanks, still in the same general direction, thought the open space for about 1,000 yards, all the time within full range of the enemy's guns and exposed to a heavy fire from their batteries. My regiment followed immediately in rear of Colonel Fulkerson's command, defecting a little to the west, which it was intended to support. After passing through the open space before referred to my regiment crossed a ridge running northeast and southwest, and afterward occupied by our artillery. Colonel Fulkerson's command, with was in advance, formed on the north side of the ridge. My regiment, after passing some 200 or 300 yards along the base of the ridge, remained, somewhat sheltered by the ridge and timber, for about an hour under a moist terrific fire of shot and shell from the enemy's batteries (now upon our east), changing position so as to keep within supporting distance of our artillery.

After my regiment had remained in this position it was ordered forward advance of Colonel Fulkerson's command, which at that time occupied the base of the same ridge immediately in advance. A few minutes after we had reached the first position occupied after crossing the open space and ridge a hot engagement commenced between our infantry, about 300 yards in our advance the infantry of the enemy. By your direction I immediately formed my regiment in line of battle perpendicular to the line of the ridge occupied by our artillery. The infantry engagement being immediately in front, I moved forward at once in line of battle to the support of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers, who were occupying the spur of the ridge occupied by our artillery and hotly engaging the enemy in largely superior numbers.

It being but about 300 yards front where my regiment was last formed in line of battle to where our troops were engaging the enemy, my regiment soon arrived upon the ground and immediately opened fire upon the enemy, who occupied the ground in our front and to the right and left of our front. We kept up an incessant fire upon the enemy for about one and a half hours, who were pressing upon us in largely superior numbers and pouring into our ranks a deadly fire. My regiment occupied, with two other regiments, part of the spur upon which our line of battle was formed and immediately on the right of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

After contending manfully against largely superior numbers for about one and a half hours, many of the men having exhausted their ammunition-the men of two or three different regiments being mingled with mine-it was announced by, I believe, the adjutant of the Second Regiment that it was the other of the general to fall back, when there was a general falling back, after having contended for upward of an hour against large odds, and many being without ammunition and had previously fallen to the rear.

The brave and gallant manner in which the officer, non-commissioned officers, and privates of my regiment did their duty, under the most disadvantageous circumstances, being worn-out by the fatigue of a long march over muddy roads, just entitles them to the everlasting gratitude of their country. Owing to the fact that there were officers and men of two or there different regiments mingled with my own in the fight, doubtless many instances of daring, bravery, and gallantry were exhibited by officers and men which did not come under my observa-

