
tion, and there fore refrain from mentioning those that did. I doubt if men are often required to pass through a more severe ordeal than were the officers and men of my regiment on the evening of the 23rd. Owing to the severe march, they were not in a physical condition to meet equal numbers, much less immense odds.

I deem it unnecessary to give further particulars, as my regiment was immediately under your eye and orders during the greater part of the time.

Out of 275 men who were in the engagement, a number having given out on the march, there were 28 killed, 27 wounded, and 14 missing, some of whom are doubtless wounded and taken prisoners; others perhaps killed; others will doubtless yet report to their command. A list of the killed and wounded is herewith inclosed.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. CUMMINGS,

Colonel Thirty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

R. J. WINGATE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 33. Report of Captain Williams McLaughlin, Rockbridge (Va.) Artillery.

CAMP BUCHANAN, VA., March 29, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the battery under my command in the action on the 23 d instant, near Winchester:

We left Cedar Creed about 7 a. m. on the 23rd and arrived near the scene of the subsequent action about noon. We were immediately put in position, by order of the major-general commanding, on the hill to the left of the road, so as to protect the approaches from the direction of Winchester.

About 1 o'clock I received an order from General Jackson to move around with four piece to the left, immediately followed by an order to proceed with the whole battery. I reported to him in person, and was directed to occupy a hill on the left with the least possible delay, as the enemy seemed to be endeavoring to do the same. In proceeding thither we were subjected to a rapid and-directed fire a battery of the enemy of six or eight rifled guns, placed in a commanding position on a hill west of Winchester, one of the shots taking effect and completely disabling the seventh (rifled) piece of the battery, rendering it necessary to order it to the rear. When we reached the crest of the hill a well-directed shot from the enemy's battery succeeded in temporarily disabling the third piece of the battery, by killing the wheel horses and dangerously wounding the driver and one of the cannoneers. the other six pieces promptly took their position and engaged the enemy's battery with marked effect, as his firing became much slower and far less accurate. the horses of the caisson were promptly transferred to the third piece, which also took its position in action.

About 3.30 o'clock a section of the battery, under command of Lieutenant Poague, was ordered to the left, and, with the batteries of Cap-

---------------

* Embodied in return, p. 384.

---------------

