
tains Carpenter and Waters, played on the enemy's artillery and infantry.

About 4.30 o'clock I joined this section and was immediately ordered to remove it to the position of the rest of the battery. The enemy having engaged our infantry in great force on a line perpendicular to the line of the battery, this section was posted near the straw-stack, so as to sweep the hill on either side and play on the enemy's re-enforcements, as it did, with effect.

The rest of the battery continued to fire upon his artillery and infantry for some time, when it was shifter, so as to sweep the same hill and protect our right flank, should the enemy endeavor to turn it. Our infantry being pressed back, the enemy, with two or three regiments, pressed along the line, evidently for the purpose of turning our right and cutting us off from the turnpike. As they crossed the fence in front of the battery, at a distance of about 250 yards, we opened upon them with a rapid and well-directed fire of canister from four pieces, completely driving them back, and appearing again in that direction while we remained on the field. Our infantry having fallen back from the woods on our left, which was immediately occupied by the enemy, and the Fifth Virginia Regiment having formed in the edge of the woods near the straw-stack, about 150 yards in our rear, I ordered these four pieces to limber up and fall back to the rear of the Fifth Regiment, there to be disposed of as occasion might require.

in the mean time, the enemy having emerged from the woods to the left of the position occupied by these four pieces and into the field in which the straw-stacks stood, the section of Lieutenant Poague opened upon them with canister at a distance of about 150 yards, driving them, with the fire of the Fifth Regiment, back into the woods, where they rapidly section was limbered to the rear amid a most destructive fire from his infantry, severely wounding 1 of the sergeants and 2 of the cannoneers and killing 2 horses and wounding 3 others, rendering it impossible to bring off one of the pieces. I immediately joined the rest of the battery; but as the infantry were falling back, and it was growing dark and the ground being very unfavorable for moving the carriages, I found it impracticable to reform the battery on the hill in the woods as I had intended, and found it necessary to carry the pieces to the field at the foot of the hill, where I halted and awaited orders.

In a short time I was directed by lieutenant Junkin, aide of General Jackson, to send the caissons to the rear and to form the battery on a hill in the rear, to protect the retreat. I was proceeding to execute the other when I received an order from the major-general commanding, thought Major F. B. Jones, Second Virginia Regiment, acting aide, to proceed without delay to the turnpike, which was done in good order.

I desire to express my appreciation of the coolness and gallantry displayed by the officers and men of the battery throughout the entire action, and to the efficiency, skill, and rapidity with which they hundred their pieces. Where all did so well it would be improper to discriminate, and I shall content myself with naming the chiefs of sections, Lieutenants Poague, Graham, and Sergeant Davis, upon whom at different times devolved separate commands, the division of the battery rendering it impracticable for me personally to direct all the movements, and from whom I received invaluable assistance.

