
In a few minutes I received orders to take my battery father west and on the same ridge upon which the enemy were stationed in strong force. I did so under a very heavy fire of the enemy's battery, which commanded the whole scone of country over which we had to pass; but fortunately we lost not a man. i them proceeded some half a mile under the crest of the ridge to an open field, where I discovered the position of the enemy. I brought my pieces in position and opened fire upon them, which was returned by four pieces of artillery which I had not discovered. i then ordered one of my pieces to fire at the battery. In two or three rounds the enemy's battery was driven from its position. I then directed all my pieces to fire at the infantry and cavalry. They soon retired from view. i then was notified to watch the enemy's movements to our left, and brought my pieces to command the wood to our left, distant some 150 yards, and ordered my pieces to be loaded with canister. Before the order could be executed the enemy made his appearance and opened upon us with small-arms, when I received orders to move my pieces from the field. I did so in good order, losing nothing in our whole operations but one wheel and two horses, which I was compelled to leave.

I am greatly indebted to Lieutenants Carpenter and McKendree for their assistance during the whole engagement, as also to Messrs. Lambie and Fonerden, two of my gunners, for their coolness and the accuracy with which they aimed their respective pieces.

My men generally acted and performed their duty well and like men.

Very respectfully submitted.

JOS. CARPENTER,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,April 7, 1862.

Captain Carpenter will please state how many men he had engaged on March 23.

A. S. PENDLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

We had 48 engaged.

JOS. CARPENTER,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Numbers 36. Report of Colonel Jesse S. Burks, Forty-second Virginia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Camp near Woodstock, Va., March 27, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to an order from Major General T. J. Jackson, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the action of March 23, near Winchester, Va.:

My brigade was marching in rear of Major-General Jackson's forces,

