
and on arriving near the field of battle was halted by his order, and I was ordered to take position in a field on our right wing, and was ordered to hold my brigade as a reserve, supporting the batteries stationed there, together with my own battery, which came up with my brigade. I was also ordered to check any advance of the enemy on our right wing. The enemy threatened our right flank, but did not advance.

Soon after the attack was made on the enemy's right wing I was ordered to send forward Captain McLaughlin's battery, supported by a regiment. I obeyed the order, sending the Twenty-first Virginia Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Patton. Near the same time I received an order to send Captain Carpenter's battery forward, which I did, supported by the First Virginia Battalion, under command of Captain Bridgford.

Still later in the afternoon I was ordered to bring up the balance of my brigade. I immediately ordered forward my battery, under command of Lieutenant Pleasants, supported by the Forty-second Virginia Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Langhorne. At the same time I sent an order to Colonel Campbell, commanding Forty-eighth Virginia Regiment, to bring forward his regiment, which had been left several miles in our rear to protect our baggage (that duty being performed by the different regiments in turn). This regiment (although obeying the order promptly) did not arrive until after the battle was over. The battery and the Forty-second Regiment moved rapidly to the scene of action, and on arriving the regiment was ordered to form on the right of the Fifth Virginia, which they did promptly. The battery was then ordered to retire, by a special order of Major-General Jackson, which they did in good order. The Forty-second Virginia, in conjunction with the Fifth Virginia, opened a terrific fire upon the enemy, causing them to recoil. The Forty-second Regiment's officers and men acted bravely, not one retiring until finding we were flanked. It being nearly dark, I gave the order to retire. They retired some 400 yards, when they were halted and formed by their commandant, Lieutenant-Colonel Langhorne.

It would be invidious to make distinction, as every officer and private, from the lieutenant-colonel down, did his whole duty.

I deem it but justice to state that the Forty-second Regiment was the last to leave the field of battle. The Twenty-first Virginia, under Lieutenant-Colonel Patton, and the First Virginia Battalion, under Captain Bridgford, being detached from the brigade and not coming under my notice, I refer to the reports made by their commandants, and I have been informed that all (officers and men) discharged their duty faithfully.

Below you will find a statement of the casualties of the different regiments engaged.*

Lieutenant Robert C. Noonan, of Frederick County, Maryland, was killed while acting as a volunteer lieutenant in Company B, Twenty-first Virginia Regiment.

Captain R. N. Wilson, my assistant adjutant-general, acted as my aide during the fight, and discharged his duty faithfully. For particulars of names of the parties killed, wounded, and missing I refer to the ac

---------------

* See p. 384.

---------------

26 R R - VOL XII

