HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLS.,April 7, 1862.

COLONEL: Since my report of the battle of the 23rd ultimo was written I have had a conversation with an officer of Colonel Echols' regiment, and from the facts stated by him I am led to fear that some seeming, though unintentional, injustice to that regiment may be done by a portion of the language I use. To prevent the possibility of such a thing I beg leave to amend it as in the annexed statement, and request that the same may be forwarded and the report altered in these particulars.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. PATTON, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Virginia Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN A. CAMPBELL,

Commanding Second (late Third) Brigade, Army of the Valley.

On second page of the report, instead of the words, " this occurred very soon," insert "very soon after a considerable body of our men, whom I took to be Colonel Echols' regiment or a portion of it, fell back," and on same page, "Meantime a large portion of Colonel Echols' regiment," insert "Meantime the troops who fell back" rallied, &amp; c.

Numbers 38. Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. A. Langhorne, Forty-second Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLS.,
-----

,

------

--, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part borne by the Forty-second Regiment in the engagement of the 23rd, near Winchester:

The regiment had been held in reserve until late in the day, when ordered to the scene of action. They marched by flank, right in front, very rapidly, nearly the whole way in double-quick time. While on our way we were exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery, many of whose shells burst near us, but without effect. We were ordered to form on the right of the Fifth Regiment. The guide led my right up near the right of the Fifth, which immediately commenced to advance. I had, consequently, to bring my regiment into line faced by the rear rank. We formed under the fire of the enemy, who were in line of battle just over the crest of the hill, with skirmishers behind trees on the top.

After commencing our fire we gradually changed our front forward on one of the interior companies without any formal movement, in order to adapt ourselves to the position of the enemy, who otherwise would have gotten around our right flank. Our firing, though a little too hurried at first, was afterward delivered with becoming deliberation, and, I trust, with effect.

The men fought with great bravery and most industriously. The officers all, as far as I observed and have been able to learn, bore themselves gallantly. Among so many it might be deemed invidious to mention any except those whose devoted courage cost them their lives. I refer to Captains Morris and Rector, who fell while gallantly discharging their duties.

