
Our men stood bravely up to their work until ordered to withdraw by Colonel Burks, whose presence and activity greatly inspired the regiment. The order to retire being imperfectly heard, we fell back very much scattered and in haste, but rallied within 500 yards of the enemy, who advanced only to the edge of the woods. A small portion of the regiment while falling back was separated, and joined us under their officers after reaching the main road; the remainder was placed under charge of Captain Hale, and we entered the main road where we had left it and awaited orders.

Colonel Burks ordered us toward Newtown. So far as I could ascertain we were the last regiment to leave the field.

Respectfully submitted.

D. A. LANGHORNE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Forty-second Regiment Virginia Vols.

Colonel J. S. BURKS,

Commanding Third Brigade.

P. S. - Accompanying the above you will find a report of casualties, a summary of which, I append below. There were 19 commissioned officers, 52 non-commissioned officers, and 222 privates in the engagement.*

Numbers 39. Report of Captain D. B. Bridgford, First Virginia Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VIRGINIA BATTALION,PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,

Bivouac near Woodstock, Shenandoah Co., Va., March 26, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to an order received from Colonel Jesse S. Burks, commanding the Third Brigade, I have the honor to transmit to you, for his information, a report of the operations of the First Virginia Battalion, Provisional Army Confederate States, under my command, on the 23rd instant, after it was separated from the rest of the brigade.

At 3 o'clock in the evening the battalion was ordered to support Captain Carpenter's battery of artillery, and accordingly followed that battery from the position then occupied by the brigade to a point about a quarter of a mile to the left and front. Here the battery halted and opened fire upon a battery of the enemy directly in front of it, which also maintained quite a rapid fire of shot and shell. The firing was kept up on both sides about an hour. Many shell exploded to the rear and on the flanks of the battalion, but none of them did any injury.

At 4.30 o'clock the battalion proceeded, by order of Major Pendleton, about half a mile to the left and front, across an open field, to a hollow in rear of the position occupied by McLaughlin's battery of artillery, for the purpose, as Major Pendleton stated, of reporting to Colonel Burks. Here we found two or more other regiments. The firing of shot and shell continued, and many of the enemy's shell burst near us, but without effect.

About 5 o'clock we heard a discharge of musketry a short distance in front of us. I sent Lieutenant Oscar White, acting adjutant of the bat

---------------

* Casualties tabulated on p.384.

---------------

