
My adjutant, William S. Rice, exhibited great courage and coolness in executing my orders.

Surgeon Daily and Assistant Surgeon Dennis, of the Twenty-third, deserve great praise for their attention to the wounded under the hot test fire.

Appended I transmit a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

Respectfully,

SAM. V. FULKERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant A. S. PENDLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Valley District.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. G. Taliaferro, Twenty-third Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MOUNT JACKSON, VA.,

March 26, 1862.

COLONEL: As my commanding officer, I beg leave to report the following as to the part taken by my regiment in the late battle fought near Winchester, on the 23rd instant, its strength on that day, casualties, &amp; c.:

As you are aware, our operations were upon the extreme left of the army to which your command was ordered.

The morning report of that day gave us only 2 captains, 6 lieutenants, 9 sergeants, and 160 men, rank and file, fit for duty, the regiment being sadly reduced by leaves of absence to re-enlisted men.

Of this number I have to report 3 killed, 14 wounded, and 32 missing.

Where all behaved so well I find it impossible to discriminate; officers and men alike bore themselves bravely and gallantly.

To the members of my medical staff my thanks are especially due for their prompt attention to the wounded, which was fearlessly given, and under showers of shot and shell and small-arms.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

ALEX. G. TALIAFERRO,

Lieutenant-Colonel. Commanding Twenty-third Virginia Volunteers.

Colonel FULKERSON,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Virginia Volunteers.

MARCH 27-31, 1862. - Operations in the vicinity of Middleburg and White Plains, Va.

Reports of Colonel John W. Geary, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.#
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE BRIGADE,Middleburg, Va., March 27, 1862 - 4 p. m.

SIR: Upon reaching here about noon to-day I found there were about 200 cavalry and 200 infantry in and around the town, being advised of

---------------

* Tabulated on P. 384.

# See also Series I, Vol. V, pp. 511-517, for Geary's report of operations in Loudoun County, Virginia, February 25 - May 6, 1862.

---------------

