
the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and the artillery were the only portion of my command much exposed to the enemy's fire. One man of Lieutenant Rundell's command was thrown down by a shell striking at his feet, but was unhurt. All without exception behaved well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

P. S. - The enemy's force a part of two brigades, about 5,000 strong, cavalry included. One man of Hazzard's battery and three of the Sixty-first New York Regiment were wounded by accident, not mortally.

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

Major Connor's memorandum.

First Rappahannock bridge burned (four-span bridge). One pier blown up; two stone piers left. It was a Howe truss bridge. Depot buildings of the station near Rappahannock River burned. Six miles this side of the Rappahannock a small three-span bridge burned (22-foot-span). Seven miles this side the Rappahannock a small bridge and about a quarter of a mile of the railroad destroyed. From this point to Rappahannock River railroad in running order, with the above exception. From 8 miles this side the Rappahannock River the railroad track and bridges are all destroyed to Warrenton Junction; track torn up, ties burned, and iron carried off.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Marshall H. Rundell, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP RICHARDSON'S DIVISION,

Warrenton Junction, March 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Having been instructed to report to you yesterday morning with a section of 10-pounder Parrott rifled guns, pertaining to Frank's light battery G, First New York Artillery, I accordingly started at 10 o'clock a. m. yesterday, and took my place in the advance guard, composed of the Fifth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Cross, and one squadron of the Eighth Regiment of Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Farnsworth. After marching about 2 miles I fired one shell at a vedette of the enemy's cavalry. About 1 1/2 miles farther I found a battalion of the enemy's infantry formed in line of battle and fired two shells, which had the effect of immediately dispersing them. Without changing position, threw four shells into some buildings to the left of the infantry, under the impression of dislodging a hidden enemy.

Moving the section upon the ground previously occupied by the enemy's infantry, I directed two shells into the corner of a wood to the right and in a line with the railroad, and likewise three to the left

