
at a small body of cavalry. Next to this I shelled some cavalry nearly 2 miles from the depot and to the right. Having been ordered to the front along the line of the railroad, I shelled another depot and fired into a train. Half a mile farther to the front and right shelled another detachment of cavalry. Moving again to the front, dislodged some of the enemy from a small entrenchment. At this place two pieces of the enemy's artillery opened fire upon us. After moving to the right and front, and sheltering my limbers and caissons behind a building, I opened fire, with the effect of silencing the enemy's artillery.

This closes the proceedings of my section of artillery during the 28th instant; having expended 35 shells, 14 spherical-case, and 2 percussion shells; total, 51 rounds. The fire of my guns, with few exceptions, seemed to be very effective. I returned from this reconnaissance at about 1 o'clock p. m. to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARSHALL H. RUNDELL,

First Lieutenant Company G, First New York Artillery.

Captain F. SEWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Howard's Brigade.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command for the last few days:

After keeping the enemy under close observation for weeks past by my cavalry pickets, disposed along a front reaching from the Blue Ridge to the close vicinity of the Potomac, frequently penetrating, by the daring boldness of a few scouts, to his rear, it was ascertained that on the 26th [28th] a large column was advancing along the general direction of the railroad 7 miles below. Colonel W. E. Jones, First* Virginia Cavalry, was sent with a strong detachment of cavalry to observe the enemy, and his reports from time to time satisfied me that a movement with a force vastly superior to my own was going on. Although having no intention of offering him Lattle, I determined to keep him observed, threaten him with demonstrations toward his flanks and in front, and by every possible means delay his progress and secure accurate information of his strength and, if possible, his designs. The utmost vigilance was maintained by the cavalry intrusted with this important duty, and is worthy of the highest praise.

Several prisoners were taken that evening, from whom, as well as the observation made by Captain Gaither, whose scouting party first ascertained the movement, I knew that not less than a division composed the force; believed it to be a mere demonstration or reconnaissance, and determined to put on a bold front, and did everything to check its progress compatible with the safety of my command, communicating frequently and fully with the general-in-chief of this army my

---------------

* There is confusion in the records as to Jones' status. He appears as colonel of the First, Seventh, and Eleventh Regiments Virginia Cavalry.

---------------

