
for the night. The other regiments were too slow in their movements to participate in the captures made. I came up with Colonel Jones near Warrenton Junction, near which point three or four of my men of my escort captured four of the enemy.

Colonel Jones' report is herewith inclosed,* including the operations of his regiment since leaving Centreville.

It is proper to remark that the Second, Fourth, and Sixth Virginia Cavalry shared cheerfully the privations detailed in Colonel Jones' report and performed important service in their appropriate spheres of action.

The detachment (four companies) of [the] Second Virginia Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Munford, has performed distinguished service along the Piedmont region, and I commend to the notice of the general that officer's activity, good judgment, and unceasing vigilance, conspicuously displayed in the signal service he has rendered.

Colonel W. E. Jones' excellent service speaks for itself in his accompanying report, while Company L (Washington County Rifles), of his regiment, under the lead of the brave, intelligent, and efficient Captain W. W. Blackford, distinguished itself no less in the bush than in the saddle, harassing the enemy at every step.

It is not a mere matter of form that impels me to acknowledge the valuable services of my staff throughout the operations of my command since leaving Centrevills:

Major Dabney Ball, useful in every sphere, displayed on the field of the Rappahannock the dashing boldness of the huzzar, tempered with the cool judgment of the veteran warrior.

I am greatly indebted to Lieutenant Chiswell Dabney, aide, and Lieutenant J. T. W. Hairston, C. S. Army, acting assistant adjutant-general, who displayed signal ability and efficiency on the field.

Lieuts. Samuel [R.] Johnston and M. W. Henry, C. S. Army; Lieutenant Redmond Burke, [and] Captain Towles, volunteer aide, though absent from the action by my authority, in various operations preceding rendered valuable service.

My escort, commanded by Corpl. Henry Hagan, composed of young men of rare intelligence and ability and intrepidity, showed themselves capable of performing in the bivouac or on the field all the various and important duties of the staff officers. Young Farley has been constantly on hand, showing the utmost courage and coolness and doing unmistakable execution.

The casualties to the enemy are not known to [me]. My command, though exposed to artillery fire for half a day, none at all.

A list of prisoners has been already forwarded, consisting of about 50 officers and men, mostly cavalry.

Adjutant Mosby and Principal Musician David Drake, of the First Virginia Cavalry, volunteered to perform the most hazardous service, and accomplished it in the most satisfactory and creditable manner. They are worthy of promotion and should be so rewarded.

Captain John Pelham, of the Stuart Horse Artillery, while riding alone on his way to join me, came suddenly upon a sturdy veteran, armed with an Enfield gun, took him prisoner, and marched him up to me.

The gallant conduct of Private James Oden has already been the subject of a special report.

[J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

27 R R - VOL XII

