
APRIL 1-2, 1862. - Advance of Union forces from Strasburg to Woodstock and Edenburg, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. - Colonel George H. Gordon, Second Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 3. - Captain George W. Cothran, Battery M, First New York Light Artillery.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

EDENBURG, VA., April 1, 1862 - 6 p. m.

We have driven the enemy to-day from Strasburg to Woodstock, a distance of 12 miels, and then to Edenburg, 7 miles beyond. He contested the march most of the way, and at a strong position, in which he contemplated making a stand, as at Edenburg, quite a sharp contest occurred. He burned the bridges in his flight except that at Narrow Passage, which we were enabled to reach in time to extinguish the flames. We lost but one man and had but one wounded. The enemy suffered more, but I cannot state the extent. Colonel Ashby received a shot through his cap, which he exhibited with some satisfaction to the people of Woodstock. Others suffered more severely. The men behaved admirably.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Fifth Army Corps.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

EDENBURG, April 1, 1862 - 6 p. m.

GENERAL: At noon to-day we occupied Woodstock and at 4 our troops were in possession of Edenburg, 7 miles beyond. The rebels contested the whole march, and at Narrow Passage, a place of considerable strength, where there had been some preparations for a defense, quite a sharp fight occurred, and also at Edenburg, where we attempted to save the bridges. They burned three bridges, one above Woodstock and two at Edenburg.

The bridge at Narrow Passage we saved by driving them from the position and extinguishing the flames. The others were beyond our reach. Two of the bridges we shall rebuild at once. Few casualties occurred on our side - Private Martin, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was instantly killed by a shell, and a private of the Second Massachusetts, who suffered a flesh wound in his breast, the ball passing through his breastplate, which saved his life. The loss of the enemy I am not able to state. Colonel Ashby received a shot through his cap, which the people of Woodstock said he exhibited with some satisfaction. Others suffered more severely. The utter exhaustion of our supplies will, I fear, prevent pursuit to-morrow. Jackson has retreated to Mount Jackson. The troops behaved admirably and the march was very vigorous.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

General MCCLELLAN, Fairfax Seminary

