
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel George H. Gordon, Second Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Edenburg, Va., April 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Third Brigade led the advance of the Fifth Army Corps in its march from Strasburg to this town, distant about 15 miles. The following was the order of advance: Five companies of the Second Massachusetts Regiment, deployed as skirmishers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel George L. Andrews; all the disposable companies of the [First] Michigan [Cavalry], commanded by Colonel Brodhead, in all about two squadrons; Battery M, First New York Artillery, of 10-pounder Parrott guns, commanded by Captain Cothran; the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment, Colonel J. K. Murphy; the Third Wisconsin Regiment, Colonel Thomas H. Ruger.

Our march was contested during its entire route by the enemy's skirmishers, and at times, when the position was favorable, by a battery of three 10-pounder and one 24-pounder rifled guns, which opened on my advance on three different occasions: First, as I began the descent of the hill into the town of Woodstock; second, as my column was moving through the narrow passage where the turnpike runs between the North Branch of the Shenandoah on one side and high hills on the other; third, from the hills on the south of the town of Edenburd, while my column was moving into that place.

The admirable manner in which the battery was served by Captain Cothran soon silenced the enemy's guns and caused him to retire with precipitation from his strong position. We have evidences of his loss at his second stand; but as all his dead but one was removed I am unable to state the number of his killed and wounded.

Our loss was Private James Martin and Private William D. Richardson, wounded by a shell, both of Company G, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment, and Private Edward Bonney, Company I, Second Massachusetts Regiment, slightly wounded by a rifle-shot, his life being providentially saved by his belt-plate.

Many of my command were upon this occasion for the first time under fire. I cannot too highly praise their efficiency and coolness.

I inclose the report of Captain Cothran, with my further comments thereon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Colonel 2nd Mass. Regiment, Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 5th Army Corps.

Captain WILLIAM D. WILKINS, A. A. G., First Division.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain George W. Cothran, Battery M, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY M, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,Camp Gordon, near Edenburg, Va., April 2, 1862.

COLONEL: Agreeably to General Orders, Numbers 7, Headquarters Fifth Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, Battery M, First New York Artil-

