
of Northeastern Virginia, there will be found some correspondence with the secession commander at Manassas, and which was forwarded at the time to the Headquarters of the Army.

I know of no correspondence with any one within the enemy's lines, unless it be with mrs. Robert E. Lee and Mrs. Fitzhugh, who wrote from Ravenswood on some personal matters in June and July, 1861, and whose letters, with my replies, were forwarded at the time to the Headquarters of the Army, and are, i suppose, now in the War Department.

2nd. An investigation of my conduct and the policy pursued by me toward the inhabitants of the country occupied by our troops with reference to themselves or their property.

This matter has been severely commented upon throughout the country and in both Houses of Congress, and may possibly have had much to do with the charge of treason.

As to my conduct toward the inhabitants with reference o themselves, I wish to offer my general orders and instructions concerning contributions and the taking of supplies-the form of certificate to be given for supplies taken; and as to the particular cases of a Mr. Hoffman, whose fences were ordered to bed guarded, and that of the fences around the wheat fields of Chatham, or the lacy house, which had been destroyed and were ordered to be replaced, I wish the testimony of those mentioned in the margin.

Brigadier-General Haupt, Colonel Schriver, Lieutenant Co. F. Myers, assistant quartermaster; major Sanderson, commissary of subsistence; Major S. Breck, assistant adjutant-general; Major S. Barstown, Major Willard, Captain Hodge.

3rd. As to whether or nor I have been faithful to those placed over me, &amp;c.

For so much of my service as was under him, and particularly with reference to the events which immediately preceded the embarkation of the bulk of his army for the Peninsula, and the plans, so far as they may be necessary for the investigation, &c., which led to that campaign, I wish the testimony of Major-General McClellan, Governor Dennison, of Ohio; Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Key, aide-de-camp.

For so much of my service as was under him, I wish the testimony of Major-General Pope, and of Brigadier-General Roberts, General Welch, commissary general New York; colonel morgan, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, First Ohio Cavalry, colonel Ruggles, assistant adjutant-general; colonel Schriver, &c., and, if the court see fit to go back that far, that of Lieutenant-General Scott (by deposition, for i should dislike to trouble him with a disagreeable journey) for so much of my service as was under him.

4th. As to whether I have failed though any unworthy personal motives to go to the aid of, or send re-enforcements to, my brother commanders.

I wish inquiry made as to whether, whilst in command of the Department of the Rappahannock, I did or not, so far as my means and instructions permitted, operate so as to aid, or endeavor to aid, Major-General McClellan in his campaign on the Peninsula; whether or not I was active, zealous, and efficient in the discharge of the duties of my command in preparing it for this object.

Whether or not I refused, neglected, or failed to go to him before Richmond when I had my forces at Fredericksburg; and, if so, why?

Whether or not at the last moment I left Fredericksburg for the valley of the Shenandoah to avoid coming under Major-General McClellan's command.

Whether or not, even the compaign in the Shenandoah Vallery was considered as ended, I endeavored to take active measures to go to his aid before Richmond.

On the foregoing I have mostly to offer the official correspondence between myself and His Excellency the President, the honorable Secretary of War, major-General McClellan, and others, and the testimony of those mentioned in the margin.

Brigadier-General Wadsworth, Major Tillson, maine artillery; colonel Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Biddle Ninety-fifth New York.

I wish inquiry made as to whether, when ordered to co-operate with Major-General Fremont for the relief of Major-General Banks, I took active measures to do so.

Brigadier-Generals Ricketts and Hartsuff and Haupt, colonel Schriver.

On this I have to submit my official correspondence, and wish the evidence of those mentioned in the margin.

I wish inquiry made as to whether, in the late Army of Virginia, I at any time neglected or failed to go to the aid of, or send re-enforcements to, either Major-General Banks or Major-General Sigel, commanding the Second and First Army corps, when it was my duty to do so, an particularly with reference to General Banks at the battle of Cedar Mountain and General Sigel at the battle of Groveton, or Manassas.

On this I have to submit official papers, an wish the evidence of those mentioned in the margin.

Major-Generals Pepe and Sigel, Brigadier-General Ricketts, Colonel Buchanan, Major Tillson, Captains Cutting, Kreba, and Jewett, Brigadier-General Roberts.

