
APRIL 7, 1862. - Reconnaissance to the Rappahannock River, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH INDIANA REGIMENT,Warrenton Junction, Va., April 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with your order of the 6th instant I made a reconnaissance to the Rappahannock River with five companies of infantry, four of cavalry, and one section of artillery. The route taken was through fields to the right of the railroad line, and much of the road was barely passable for artillery. I arrived at a position within 300 yards of the river, northwest of the burnt bridge, near 11 o'clock a. m., and there halted. I report one small fortification on the north bank of the river abandoned, and one similar opposite, a little to the right on the southwest bank; also a rifle earthwork about 400 yards to the right and rear of the latter on southwest side, both of which were occupied by pickets or small bodies of the enemy.

Having placed the artillery in position under cover of one company of cavalry, and being unmasked, I shelled the fortifications, which were evacuated by the enemy in great haste without returning fire. The earthworks command the ford at the burnt bridge. The river at the ford is about 300 feet wide, and impassable at this time for wagons, though it can be crossed with cavalry. The range of hills on the southwest side of the Rappahannock and northwest of the railroad line approach the river at the point fortified, while on the southeast side of said road there are portions of table-land. Situated on the northeast bank of the river is a large flouring mill, owned by a person in the Confederate Army, and said to contain a considerable amount of grain. The railroad 4 miles northeast of the river is uninjured and in good running order. From the best information I could obtain the enemy are occupying positions on the Rapidan River. I remained in my first position near an hour and a half, and returned by the same route in good order.

The above is respectfully submitted.

T. J. LUCAS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Sixteenth Indiana Regiment, Commanding Reconnaissance.

General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding Second Brigade.

APRIL 12, 1862. - Skirmish at Monterey, Va.

Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army.

WHEELING, April 13, 1862.

Dispatch just received from General Milroy at Monterey, under date of yesterday, states as follows: "The rebels, about 1,000 strong, with two cavalry companies and two pieces of artillery, attacked my pickets this morning about 10 o'clock, and drove them in some 2 miles. I sent out re-enforcements, consisting of two companies Seventy-fifth Ohio, two companies Second Virginia, two Twenty-fifth Ohio, and two of Thirty-second Ohio, one gun for Captain Hyman's battery, and one company of cavalry, all under Major Webster. The skirmishing was brisk for a

