
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 17, 1862.

To you and to the forces under your command the Department returns thanks for the brilliant and successful operations of this day.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Major-General BANKS, Mount Jackson.

Numbers 2. Abstract from "Record of Events" in Cavalry Brigade, Department of the Shenandoah.*

On the 15th instant this squadron [First Squadron Pennsylvania Cavalry], under command of the junior captain, Greenfield, assisted by detachments of infantry from the Fourteenth Indiana, Fifth Connecticut, Twenty-eighth New York, and Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, made a dash upon a company of the enemy's cavalry quartered in a church near Columbia Furnace, and succeeded in capturing the entire force of 3 officers and about 50 men, with all their horses, arms, and baggage.

APRIL 17-19, 1862. - Skirmishes near Falmouth and occupation of Fredericksburg, Va., by the Union forces.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Rappahannock.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Christopher C. Augur, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.

Numbers 3. - Colonel George D. Bayard, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 4. - Lieutenant Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry.

Numbers 5. - Brigadier General Charles W. Field, C. S. Army, with instructions from General Lee.

Numbers 6. - Lieutenant Colonel W. H. F. Lee, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Rappahannock.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Railroad between Fredericksburg and Aquia, April 18, 1862.

We occupied the suburbs of the town of Fredericksburg, the left bank of the Rappahannock, this morning at 7 o'clock.

The troops, under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Augur, left Catlett's Station yesterday and made a forced march across the country of 26 miles.

The advance, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kilpatrick, Second Regiment (Harris) Cavalry drove in the enemy's outposts, charged and captured one of his camps. Lieutenant Decker, Second New York Cavalry, was killed by the enemy in the charge. The troops pushed on the next day

---------------

* From return for the month of April, 1862.

---------------

