
at 2 o'clock in the morning. The advance, under Lieutenant-Colonel Bayard, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, was attacked by a body of infantry and cavalry and had a hot skirmish, in which we lost 5 men and 15 horses killed and had 16 men wounded. Several of the enemy were killed and wounded in the charge made on them by Colonel Bayard; the number not reported. The colonel, who it seems is always to have some mark of having been in the thickest of every fight in which he is engaged, had his horse shot four times. The command then drove the enemy's forces, which fell back without further resistance, and which consisted of a regiment of infantry, one of cavalry, and a battery of light artillery, across the Rappahannock, but were unable to save the bridges, which were prepared for burning by having tar, shavings, and light-wood in the crib work, and which were fired as soon as the enemy crossed.

As Fredericksburg is a position of manifest importance to us and to the enemy, whatever course the war may take, I have ordered forward the India-rubber bridge train for temporary use, and beg, if the naval force in the Rappahannock can protect their transit, that enough canal-boats to make a substantial bridge, with the necessary lumber for the purpose, be sent up the Rappahannock. I have ordered forward another brigade of King's division and an additional regiment of cavalry (Sir Percy Wyndham's), and, as the railroad cannot be used at present, I need more wagons to supply the force I now have on the Rappahannock, and beg 100 may be sent to me at Aquia.

As the readiest means of having communication with the right bank of the river, I would like one of the steam ferry-boats in the Potomac, with lumber for temporary wharf, may be sent around.

Please order telegraph established between Fredericksburg and Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Aquia, April 28, 1862.

I sent up by to-day's boat 17 prisoners, taken by our troops in their advance on Fredericksburg. They are mostly of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry. Some are from Mississippi and Alabama.

I have ordered McCall and his Second Brigade over from Catlett's to Fredericksburg.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Augur, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

April 18, 1862 - 12 m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this point at 7.30 o'clock this morning, but, I am sorry to say, not in

