
prepared to prevent this, did right not to advance any farther under the circumstances. His conduct is commended throughout this affair.

C. C. AUGUR,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS HARRIS LIGHT CAVALRY,Camp near Falmouth, Va., April 19, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my advance guard, under Captain E. F. Cooke, Company B, was fired upon and charged by nearly 50 rebel cavalry about 3 miles this side the Spotted Tavern. Captain Cooke charged several times and was completely successful. Major H. E. Davies' battalion was then ordered to the front. He skirmished with the enemy for several miles, driving him to within 2 or 3 miles of his camp, when the whole battalion charged, closely followed by the entire regiment. The enemy rapidly fled to his camp, where a stand was made by the whole rebel force, consisting of several companies of cavalry, under Colonel Lee. We reached him with a shout and a blow. The resistance was feeble, and in a moment he was fleeing in all directions. Two we killed or wounded and 4 taken prisoners.

I regret the loss of Lieutenant James N. Decker, Company D, who fell at the head of his men, having reached the center of the rebel camp.

The entire regiment - officers and men - hope that, in this their first effort, they have conducted themselves in a manner worthy their honored name and the general under whom they are proud to serve.

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Harris Light Cavalry.

Brigadier-General AUGUR.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE BRIGADE,Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 5, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

The conduct of the officers and men of this regiment during the day was commendable for enterprise and daring. This report has been delayed in consequence of not receiving a report from Colonel Kilpatrick of the property, horses, and arms captured by him this day. I have called upon him for it frequently, but as he is not under my command I have no means of enforcing the requests.

C. C. AUGUR, Brigadier-General.

Numbers 5. Reports of Brigadier General Charles W. Field, C. S. Army, with instructions from General Lee.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Seven miles from Fredericksburg, on Telegraph Road,

April 19, 1862 - 6 a. m.

GENERAL: I reached this point with my brigade yesterday about noon. A very sharp skirmish occurred about 4 a. m. between the enemy's cav

