
The next morning (Monday) we started at 5 o'clock and reached Summerville a little before night, having marched 25 miles. A part of one company, which I sent off the road to capture a rebel, marched 31 miles. It was a rainy day and the marching difficult. All reached camp in good condition; every man in his place in the ranks. No straggling whatever was allowed during the expedition. I attribute the power of endurance shown by the men to the habit of daily drill with their loaded knapsacks.

Although we could find no armed rebels on our own route, nor hear of any, yet the expedition as a whole will, I think, be productive of much good. The people of Webster County have been shown that they are entirely in the power of the Federal Army, and signs of incipient loyalty are seen in many neighborhoods. The bushwhackers have also been taught a lesson by their losses of life and property which they will not soon forget. At Addison I obtained the muster roll of the Webster Dare Devils, a guerrilla company organized at Addison by Duncan McLaughlin, of Addison, now a delegate in the legislature at Richmond. His small salt-works at Addison, which I found in operation and from which the rebels of Webster County have obtained their salt, I ordered to be destroyed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. ANDREWS,

Major, Thirty-sixth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

APRIL 18, 1862. - Reconnaissance to the Rappahannock River, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Timothy M. Bryan, jr., Twelfth Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Warrenton Junction, Va., April 18, 1862.

MY DEAR COLONEL: I have just returned from the Rappahannock, where I have been to ascertain, if possible, the true state of affairs there.

I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Bryan, of the Twelfth Massachusetts Regiment, last night, as soon as the moon had risen, with five companies of the Ninth New York, five companies of the Twelfth Indiana, some cavalry, and three sections of artillery, to reconnoiter the position and strength of the enemy. He arrived there about dawn of day, took the most eligible positions he could find for his guns, and commenced firing just as their bands were playing at guard mounting. In a very short time after, however, the rebels opened their batteries and fired rapidly round shot altogether, and from the number visible in the redoubts, and between them infantry and cavalry, I am inclined to think there is quite a large force; but the country is so broken in rear of their batteries it is impossible to make any estimate of it. It is said General Smith is there and some 6,000 or 7,000 men. I do not think their force would exceed 3,000 or 4,000. The cars were running all the time, and

