
to Company B, Tenth Virginia Regiment Infantry. This regiment has been on the Rappahannock, according to previous information. Prisoner says it joined Jackson at his present location near Stanardsville from Culpeper, showing the retreat of the rebels from that quarter. No other regiment has joined Jackson up to this time.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

APRIL 23, 1862. - Skirmish at Grass Lick, W. Va.

Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army.

WHEELING, April 23, 1862.

General Kelley sends this evening the following dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Downey, in command at Romney:

Twenty-five of Firey's and Shaw's cavalry encountered Colonel Parsons with some 50 men at Peter Palling's house, on Grass Lick, before day this morning. Two of Firey's men were killed and one of Shaw's. A number of the rebels killed and wounded. I went out with re-enforcements burned the houses the rebels fired from, and scoured the whole country around.

General Milroy also telegraphs that he made a reconnaissance yesterday with one cavalry and six infantry companies to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy. He overtook rear guard of cavalry 6 miles this side of the railroad, near Buffalo Gap. They retreated rapidly, pursued by our cavalry. General Milroy was informed that the main body had stopped the night previous 6 miles beyond Buffalo Gap; that they had discovered that they were cut off from Staunton by General Banks, and were bearing off to the right, to go down through Bath and Alleghany Counties to James River.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WHEELING, VA., April 24, 1862.

Information in General Kelley's dispatch of yesterday confirmed and given more in detail by a telegram from General Schenck, which states that a squad of 25 infantry, sent from Romney by Lieutenant-Colonel Downey to look after guerrillas, was attacked yesterday morning on Grass Lick, between Lost River and Cacapon, by the rebels, 40 in number. Our force lost 3 killed, but drove the rebels, who took refuge in the house of one Palling. Colonel Downey went with a re-enforcement of cavalry, but the rebels fled at his approach, carrying off several dead and wounded, among the latter Colonel Parsons, their leader, and Palling, owner of the house. Colonel Downey reports interior of house covered with blood. He burned the house and pursued the flying enemy, taking 5 prisoners. General Schenck sent a re-enforcement of 160 cavalry and one piece of DeBeck's artillery to come on the enemy in rear. These must have reached the place about 4 o'clock. Yesterday afternoon our messengers passing to and from between Grass

