
Lick and Romney were fired on 4, 6, and 7 miles from Romney by guerrillas. The prisoners will be tried by a military commission, and if found guilty will be shot.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

APRIL 27, 1862. - Skirmish at McGaheysville, Va.

Abstract from "Record of Events" in Cavalry Brigade, Department of the Shenandoah.*

* * * * * * *

On the 26th instant orders were received from the department headquarters to make a reconnaissance toward the enemy's lines at McGaheysville.

At 10 a. m. on the 27th General Hatch, with about 175 men from the Vermont and Michigan regiments and a section of Cothran's battery, moved forward. Orders had been issued for two regiments of infantry from General Williams' division to support the advance, but on arriving at the point designated for a junction they were not upon the ground. General Hatch, therefore, went on, leaving orders for them to follow. When near the town a picket was discovered, when one company of the Vermont regiment (Captain Platt) charged into and through the town and 1 mile beyond, driving two companies of the enemy's cavalry and taking 2 prisoners. The enemy now rallied and opened fire upon the pursuing force. One piece of artillery was now brought forward and a few shells thrown. Lieutenant Ward, of the Vermont regiment, then moved forward and charged upon the enemy, who had before retreated from our advance. They immediately broke, and were followed for some distance to within 2 miles of Swift Run Bridge. Lieutenant Ward then rejoined the main body. General Hatch was then 12 miles from Harrisonburg. The infantry support had not come up, and General Hatch, not deeming it prudent to advance with artillery without any other support than a small force of cavalry, returned to Harrisonburg.

On the 29th and 30th scouts and patrols from the Vermont and Michigan regiments were kept in motion day and night on roads leading into Harrisonburg from the direction of the enemy's lines, but nothing of any great importance occurred.

J. A. JUDSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General Cavalry.

HARRISONBURG, VA. April 30, 1862.

---------------

* From return for the month of April, 1862.

---------------

