
MAY 1, 1862. - Skirmish on Camp Creek, in the Stone River Valley, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Colonel E. Parker Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Colonel Walter H. Jenifer, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, May 2, 1862.

Colonel Scammon's advance guard had a skirmish with about 300 rebels at Camp Creek, a fork of Blue Stone, yesterday morning. Six of the enemy were killed and a considerable number wounded and prisoners. We lost 1 man killed and 20 slightly wounded. The rebels were completely routed and fled. Full particulars will be sent in official report.

Scouting party from Forty-seventh, on Lewisburg road, took 4 prisoners near Sewell Mountain. No additional news of enemy's force or position. Weather clear to-day.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel E. Parker Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry.

RALEIGH, May 1, 1862.

GENERAL: This morning at daylight the advance guard of Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, a company of Twenty-third Regiment, under Lieutenant Bottsford, was surrounded and attacked by about 300 rebels at Camp Creek. Lieutenant Bottsford reports 1 an killed and 20 wounded, all but 3 or 4 slightly; 6 or 7 enemy killed; wounded not yet known. Six prisoners; 3 wounded had been taken and others being brought in when messenger left. The enemy fled, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes had reached Camp Creek.

In answering Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes' dispatch, while giving due praise for gallantry, I have not hesitated to speak in rebuke of this matter, because Lieutenant Bottsford was 6 miles in advance, when the whole tenor of my orders has been to keep closed. Happily the men behaved excellently, and defeated and drove the enemy, but this stretching of short lines must cease, or we shall have a break.

It is now raining again; by the time it clears I expect to move forward with the Thirtieth and the artillery. Have ordered five companies of the Thirty-fourth to be here by Saturday, 4 p. m.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

General COX.

29 R R - VOL XII

