
The court informed Major-General McDowell that it would receive the depositions of the witnesses named by him on the charge of drunkenness.

The court instructed the recorder to address a communication to the assistant adjutant-general, Headquarters of the Army, requesting that the following-named witnesses be summoned to appear and give evidence before this court, viz: Major-Generals McClellan, pope, and Sigel; Brigadier-Generals Ricketts, Roberts, Hartsuff, Haupt, Wadsworth; Cols. E. Schriver, Key, aide-de-camp, morgan, aide-de-camp, Lyle, Nine-teeth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Biddle, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Ruggles, assistant adjutant-general, Buchanan, U. S. Army; Lieutenant-Colonels Myers, assistant quartermaster, Smith, First Ohio Cavalry; Majors. J. C. willard, Sanderson, commissary of subsistence, S. Breck, assistant adjutant-general, S. F. Barstow, assistant adjutant-general, Tillson, Maine Artillery; Captains Krebbs, Jewett, Cutting, and Hodge.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, the 28th instant, at 11 o'clock a. m.

SEVENTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET,

Washington, D. C., November 28, 1862-11 a. m.

* * * * * * *

The recorder stated that, in compliance with instructions of court at its sitting, he addressed the following communication to the Headquarters of the Army.

COURT-ROOM, 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET,

Washington, D. C., November 27, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the court of inquiry convened pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 350, current series, from the Headquarters of the Army, to request that the following-named witnesses may be summoned to give evidence before the court, viz: Major-generals McClellan, Pope, and Sigel; Brigadier-Generals Ricketts, Roberts, Hartsuff, Haupt, Wadsworth, Augur (if he can be speared), and Welch, commissary-general, of New York; Cols. E. Schriver, aide-de-camp, Key, aide-de-camp, morgan, aide-de-camp, Ruggles, assistant adjutant-general, Lyle Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Biddle, Ninety-fifth New york Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonels myers, assistant quartermaster, and Smith, First Ohio Cavalry; majors. J. C. willard, Sanderson, commissary of subsistence, S. Breck, assistant adjutant-general, S. F. Barstow, assistant adjutant-general, and Tillson, Maine Artillery; Captains Krebbs, Jewett, Cutting, and Hodge.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PELOUZE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Recorder.

To the foregoing an answer was received as follows:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 28, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Recorder Court Inquiry;

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 27th I am directed by the General-in-Chief to authorize you to summon (paragraph 890, Army Regulations) the following-named officers, viz: Major-Generals McClellan, Pope and Sigel; Brigadier-Generals Ricketts, Roberts, Hartsuff, Haupt, and Wadsworth, and Commissary-General Welch, of New York; Colonels Schriver, Key, Morgan, Ruggles; Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, and Major Breck.

