
I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Fitzhugh.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JENIFER,

Colonel, Commanding Department of New River.

Brigadier General HENRY HETH, Commanding Army of New River, Giles C, H., Va.

MAY 4-5, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Culpeper Court-House, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General George L. Hartsuff, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major D. Porter Stowell, First Maine Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General George L. Hartsuff, U. S. Army.

CATLETT'S, May 7, 1862.

Cavalry reconnaissance returned from Culpeper C. H. Drove cavalry pickets 3 miles and into the town. Two companies of cavalry escaped very hurriedly, being notified in time. Captured 7 prisoners and horses trying to escape from the town. No troops between river and Culpeper C. H.; only cavalry outposts there. Two regiments at Rapidan Station and detachments scattered to Gordonsville; number not known-supposed to be large. Generals Ewell, Elzey, and others in command. Town generally occupied, and handkerchiefs waved at our troops. Railroad broken short distance from river; unbroken beyond. River barely fordable at ford below railroad bridge. Occupied town about forty minutes and returned. Send prisoners to Washington to-day. Please send any information about evacuation of Yorktown, present position of enemy's troops which left, and any other news. Get none here.

Respectfully,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

No. 2. Report of Major D. Porter Stowell, First Maine Cavalry.

HDQRS. 1ST ME. CAV., Warrenton Junction, May 5, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your General Orders, No.--, the available force of this regiment located here took up their line of march Sunday, May 4, 1862, at 5 p.m., for reconnaissance to the Rappahannock River and beyond Culpeper Court-House. After having advanced beyond our line of pickets in that direction I threw out an advance guard and flankers, and proceeded on our route toward the river, without obtaining any important information of the enemy. After proceeding 10 miles the darkness of the night made it necessary for me to obtain a guide, which I did at the house of a Mr. Bowen. We then proceeded to the river 2 miles, and then 2 miles up the river to the only ford which we could cross in this vicinity. We commenced and crossed in file, which took till about midnight. The water from 4 to 5 feet deep with a strong current, made it quite difficult for us to go through safely.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

