
MAY 7, 1862.-Action at Somerville Heights, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel Robert S. Foster, Thirteenth Indiana Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army.

NEW MARKET, May 7, 1862-11 p.m.

General Sullivan, guarding Columbia Bridge, made reconnaissance to burned bridge, 5 miles above Columbia Bridge, on Shenandoah, South Fork. Found enemy strongly posted. Sharp skirmish occurred. Enemy suffered severely. Our loss will report to-morrow. Jackson has announced to the people his intention to return to this valley. It is evident the enemy is strongly posted in all directions and in force. Object is doubtless to prevent junction of our forces.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SHENANDOAH,New Market, Va., May 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit an official report of the affair which occurred on the 7th inst. on the South Fork of the Shenandoah, near a place called Somerville, between the Thirteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel R. S. Foster commanding, with Co. B, First Vermont Cavalry, Captain Conger, and a rebel force of infantry and cavalry, the substance of which was transmitted by telegraph. The report embraces a complete list of 3 killed, 5 wounded, and 21 missing. Measures have been taken to investigate the facts, to some of which a brief allusion is made, of which a full statement will be forwarded.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Robert S. Foster, Thirteenth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH INDIANA REGIMENT,Columbia Bridge, May 8, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order I beg leave to transmit to you the following account of the affair in which the Thirteenth Indiana Regiment was engaged near Somerville:

The enemy having attacked and driven in our outer pickets your ordered me to take six companies of the Thirteenth Indiana and to hold the other four in reserve under Captain Wilson, and for me to meet and engage the enemy, and if possible to drive him from his position, and if I found him any considerable force to report the fact to you

