
The other officers called for by the court are in the field, or are supposed to be in charge of duties from which they cannot be speared.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The recorder stated that, in pursuance of the instructions of the court of yesterday, he summoned Colonel R. D. Goodwin to appear as a witness before this court, as follows:

COURT-ROOM, 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET,

Washington, D. C., November 27, 1862.

Colonel R. D. GOODWIN,

Numbers 68 Saint Mark's Place, New York City:

I am instructed to summon you as a witness, to appear before the court of inquiry in the case of Major-General McDowell, U. S. Volunteers, now in session in this city, and convened pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 350, from the Headquarters of the Army, dated Adjutant-Generals' Office, Washington, D. C. November 17, 1862.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PELOUZE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Recorder.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened.

The recorder was directed to address a communication to the Headquarters of the Army, requesting that the following official recorded be furnished the court for examination:

1st. Those pertaining to the division of the Army of the Potomac, commanded by General McDowell, from August 24, 1861, till March 13, 1862.

2nd. Those pertaining to the First Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, commanded by General McDowell, from March 13, 1862, till April 4, 1862.

3rd. Those pertaining to the Department of the Rappahannock, commanded by General McDowell, from April 4, 1862, till June 26, 1862.

4th. Those pertaining to the Third Army Corps, Army of Virginia, commanded by General McDowell, from June 26, 1862, till September 6, 1862.

General McDowell was informed that the court would receive for examination the official papers referred to in his communication to the court, dated November 26, 1862, and the recorder was instructed to call for the same.

General McDowell stated he would be pleased if the court would add a fifth clause under the general heading, which embodies the subject-matter for investigation-a clause that will embrace the subject of drunkenness.

The question was discussed in open court, and General McDowell in-formed that the plan of investigation as proposed by the court would not excluded evidence on the charge of drunkenness, and that if in the course of the investigation such additional clause should be deemed necessary the court would have it adopted.

General McDowell here requested that Colonel Schriver be first called, to give evidence on the matter of correspondence with the enemy's commanders.

Colonel SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. State your rank and position on General McDowell's staff and how long you have been with him.

Answer. I am colonel and chief of his staff. I have been with him about eight months, and in the capacity of chief of staff.

