
McDOWELL, May 8.

It is 11.30 p.m. The reconnaissance of Milroy this afternoon became a sharp engagement, in which we lost several killed and perhaps 75 or 80 wounded. Rebel loss at least as large, but not known. Johnson found to have been largely re-enforced by Jackson during the afternoon. His whole force has come up from Buffalo Gap. A large army on the hills about us. This place indefensible altogether, by the un amnions agreement of officers, in our present condition and with our relative forces.

SCHENCK.

I have placed on the line of march of Blenker's division shoes and other supplies, and they are being urged forward with all possible dispatch.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, HDQRS. ARMY IN FIELD,

Franklin, May 13, 1862.

Arrived here at 10 a.m. with my advance brigade. Find Jackson retreating. Long on our side, killed and wounded, at fight at McDowell, and in falling back from that place, and also at this point, 200. Enemy's loss reported by prisoners to be 22 killed; wounded not known.]

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, HDQRS. IN THE FIELD,

Franklin, Va., May 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you the official reports of Brigadier-Generals Schenck and Milroy concerning the action of the 8th instant near McDowell.

It will undoubtedly give you pleasure to know, as it affords me great satisfaction to say, that the conduct of the regiments engaged, under the gallant leadership of Brigadier-General Milroy, was distinguished by the admirable courage and tenacity with they repeatedly attacked and charged a greatly superior force.

More accurate information places the number of the enemy's dead at 42, buried in the neighborhood, and this wounded at 200 or more.

The promptitude with which General Schenck advanced to the relief of the force under General Milroy, and the skill and courage with which he conducted the hazardous retreat, which I found it necessary to order, are worthy of particular notice.

Having anticipated while at New Creek, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, a movement of the enemy in this direction, I advanced as rapidly as possible with my whole available force to this point, where Generals Schenck and Milroy successfully held the enemy at bay until my approach caused him immediately to retire.

The necessity of making this advance before adequate transportation could be collected has caused some suffering among the men, but this has only given me additional reason to commend their conduct. They

