
his artillery into any commanding position, and in the night of the 13th he withdrew back along the turnpike road to the southward.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Mountain Department.

No. 4. Report of Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MILROY'S BRIGADE,Camp near Franklin, Va., May 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the result of the engagement of the 8th instant, near McDowell, on the Bull Pasture Mountain:

As an apology for the delay in transmitting this report I would state that the officers and men of my command have since the occurrence of the engagement been constantly occupied in active field duty, leaving no time for the preparation of the details by the company and regimental commanders, from which alone a correct report could be made .

Upon May 7 I was first advised by my scouts and spies that a junction had been effected between the armies of the rebel Generals Jackson and Johnson, and that they were advancing to attack me at McDowell. Having the day previous sent a large portion of the Third West Virginia and Thirty-second and Seventy-fifth Ohio Regiments to Shaw's Ridge and upon Shenandoah for the purpose of protecting my foraging and reconnoitering parties, I immediately ordered my whole command to concentrate at McDowell, and, expecting re-enforcements, prepared for defense there.

In the afternoon of the 7th instant a large force of the rebel was discovered descending the west side of Shenandoah Mountain along the Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike. I ordered a section of the Ninth Ohio Battery (Captain Hyman) on Shaw's Ridge to shell them and endeavor to retard their progress. This they did with such effect as to cause the enemy to retire beyond the Shenandoah Mountain; but observing another force crossing the mountain on our right, some 2 miles distant, I deemed it prudent to fall back and concentrate at McDowell.

Upon the next morning (8th instant) the enemy was seen upon the Bull Pasture Mountain, about 1 1/2 miles distant from McDowell, on my right and front. I commenced shelling them and sent out parties of skirmishers to endeavor to ascertain their numbers. At about 10 a.m. your brigade arrived. Desultory firing of a section of Hyman's battery and occasional skirmishing engaged the attention of the enemy during the morning. Major Long, of the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with a party of skirmishers, rendered a good service by his efforts in ascertaining the position of the enemy. In the afternoon, at about 3 o'clock, being informed by Captain George R. Latham, of Second West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, who, with his company, was engaged in skirmishing, that the rebels were endeavoring to plant a battery upon

30 R R-VOL XII

