
Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court all the correspondence had between Major-General McDowell and any of the enemy's commanders.

The witness handed the recorder a paper, which the witness stated was a letter from Brigadier General J. R. Anderson to General McDowell, dated may 18, 1862, which letter was read by the recorder as follows, and which is appended to these proceedings and marked G:*
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,May 18, 1862.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: You are perhaps informed of the circumstances connected with the death of the Honorable Robert E. Scott, of Fauquier County, one of the most respected and renowned citizens of this Commonwealth. His widow and her family of small children are left in a painful situation. I send one of my aides, Captain Wortihington, under a flag of truce, to inquire whether you will permit her brother, Dr. Lyons, to pass your lines to their residence near Warrenton, and to brig her, with her family, within my lines. If so, will you allow me to send an escort of five mounted men, armed, with Dr. Lyons, or would you prefer to send an escort, all of course under a safe-conduct from you to go and return.

Awaiting your reply, I have the honor to subscribe myself, general, your obedient servant,

J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

One private accompanies Captain Worthington.

J. R. A.

Colonel Schriver, the witness, here presented to the court a book, as containing General McDowell's answer to the foregoing letter, which answer is dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 18, 1862, an dreads as follows:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON,

Commanding near Massaponax:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of this date. It was only today I heard of the death to which you refer. I gave me great pain, and I assure you it is with real distress I cannot find it consistent with my duty to grant your request for Dr. Lyons to return after passing through my lines. He may come within them and go to Mrs. Scott's and bring her and her family to Fredericksburg, if that will in any way be agreeable to them and him, and I will see he has safe conduct in doing so' but more than this I am unable to grant. I regret to have detained your aide-de-camp so long and to have put him to some unnecessary inconvenience. It grew out of the negligence or ignorance of my troops.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

The witness stated that reply was sent at the time of its date, and is recorded in the book of letters kept at the headquarters. (The book submitted.)

The witness here submitted a second letter, dated May 19, 1862, from the same commander to Major-General McDowell, which was read by the recorder as follows, and is appended to the proceedings and marked H:*

---------------

*Not reprinted in appendix.

---------------

