
which be had sent in front of us. I moved the regiment in line to within 75 yards of the ambuscade party and 150 yards below the ravine where other troops ascended the mountain.

We did not come in contact with the enemy during the evening, but were exposed to a scattering fire while moving to our position, by which one man received a slight contusion from a spent ball.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Virginia Regiment.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade, Valley District.

Report of Major Henry Lane, Forty-second Virginia Infantry.

CAMP OF FORTY-SECOND VIRGINIA REGIMENT,

May 17, 1862.

SIR: I herewith report to you the operations of the Forty-second Regiment on the 8th instant in connection with the battle near McDowell:

Late in the afternoon of that day I was ordered to proceed with my regiment along the Monterey road in the direction of heavy firing in front, and after proceeding perhaps half a mile we left the main road and filed to the left up a steep hill. Upon reaching the top of this hill I was ordered to place my regiment in line of battle upon the side of a field to the right of an eminence upon which the main battle was fought, and from which it was separated by a deep ravine, with the view of preventing any attempt on the part of the enemy to turn the right flank of our forces actively engaged with the enemy. I executed this order with as much rapidity as possible, and by the time the regiment was placed in position night had set in and the firing had sensibly slackened, particularly on the part of the enemy.

No demonstration was made in the direction of the ground occupied by my regiment, and, consequently, it was not actively engaged in the fight. We remained in the position assigned us until the firing had entirely ceased, when I was ordered with my command to the top of the hill where the main battle had been fought. Here the regiment remained until a late hour of the night without fires and suffering much from cold.

During the night heavy details were made upon the regiment to assist in carrying from the field the dead and wounded and the arms and accouterments which had been scattered during the engagement; all of which duties were performed with becoming alacrity.

In taking its position the regiment was several times exposed to the fire of the enemy, resulting in the wounding of 3 of my men, but, I am happy to report, only slightly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LANE,

Major, Commanding Forty-second Regiment.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

