
After getting into line the regiment, fired several rounds at a line of the enemy in front of our left wing, and then ceased firing, in obedience to an order from General Johnson. The regiment was ordered to lie down, and we laid under a heavy fire of the enemy until their line was seen firing on our left again. I then ordered the regiment to fire, and after firing one round again ordered the regiment to cease firing, in obedience to an order from Colonel Campbell. The regiment laid down, and we were again under heavy fire of the enemy, the bullets whistling just above us and cutting the bushes around until near 8.30 o'clock, when the shout for "Davis and the Confederacy" ran along the line from the right, announcing the retreat of the enemy.

The regiment was immediately called to attention, a picket of 2 men from each company sent to the front, and we remained in our places a few moments, when, by order of Colonel Campbell, I faced the regiment to the right and formed line of battle on the ground occupied by the Twelfth Regiment Georgia Volunteers. Here we remained until near daylight, when I marched the regiment back to its wagons to get the rations for the day, in obedience to the order of Colonel Campbell.

After the firing ceased we made the required details to assist in moving the dead and collecting arms, &amp;c.

One man of the regiment was wounded (slightly) near the log cabin mentioned, and 2 were slightly wounded about the time our line of battle was being formed in front of the Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment.

The officers and men of the regiment seemed entirely self-possessed while under fire, and the men with fired with a great degree of coolness and deliberation.

Very respectfully, submitted, by your obedient servant,

S. HALE,

Actg. Adjt., Commanding Forty-eighth Regiment Va. Vols. on 8th instant.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.

No. 11. Report of Captain B. W. leigh, First Virginia Battalion.
HDQRS. FIRST VIRGINIA BATT., PROVISIONAL ARMY,Camp near Cross' House, Augusta County, Va., May 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: in obedience to an order of Colonel Campbell, commanding the Second Brigade, I have the honor to transmit to you, for his information, a report of the operations of the battalion under my command during the recent engagement near MsDowell:

During the latter part of the 8th instant the battalion, along with the rest of the brigade, remained at a halt on the eastern side of the Great North Mountain. The sound of cannon and musketry from time to time in front of us indicated an approaching conflict. About 6.30 o'clock in the evening the brigade was ordered forward to the scene of action. On our away thither the battalion was exposed to a scattering fire from the enemy, which proceeded, as I think, from the summit of a hill which overlooked the valley of a little brook which crossed the road, and one man of Company B was mortally wounded.

On reaching the crest of a hill in the rear of a ridge on which the fight was raging, Colonel Campbell ordered the battalion to proceed to the

