
top of a hill on the right of our position and occupy that point. He accompanied us a part of the way, and cautioned us that we might find the place in the possession of our friends. On reaching the summit of the hill we found it occupied by three companies of the Thirty-first Regiment Virginia Volunteers, and the Forty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers were drawn up in line of battle immediately on our left.

We remained at this point until a late hour in the night, when we received an order from Colonel Campbell to join the Forty-eighth Regiment Virginia Volunteers on the ridge which had been the principal scene of the conflict. We accordingly proceeded thither, and remained there until the setting of the moon, when the brigade left the battle-field and went back a few miles to get provisions. The battalion kept its ranks well during the whole of this time, notwithstanding the difficulties of the ground, and none of the men left their places. One man of Company A was shot as we were ascending the mountain from the brook I have mentioned; but I am believe that this was accidental. His wound will probably render necessary the amputation of his leg.

While we remained, on the summit of the which we were ordered to occupy the battle raged with great fury on the principal scene of the conflict until some time after dark. I may be permitted to say that we would have welcomed an order to hasten to succor our comrades.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

B. W. LEIGH,

Captain, Commanding First Virginia Battalion, Prov. Army.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

No. 12. Report of Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Valley District, Va., May 16, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor, in obedience to the instructions of the major-general commanding, to make the following report of the operations of the troops under my command during the engagement with the enemy near McDowell on the 8th instant:

My brigade constituted the advance of the Army of the Valley, and was held in supporting distance of General Johnson's division (Army of the Northwest), which formed the advance of the combined forces under Major-General Jackson.

On the evening of the 8th, learning that the advance was skirmishing with the enemy, I moved my brigade up to the rear of General Johnson's command, and shortly afterward received an order from the major-general commanding to move rapidly to the front to the support of that command, which was by that time hotly engaged with the enemy. My men were under a desultory fire of the enemy from the time they turned the summit of the Bull Pasture Mountain until they reached the field of battle, but pressed forward with enthusiasm and in the best order that the rocky trail through the woods and up a

