
and men of my brigade. They fought well under a most severe fire.

To Colonels Fulkerson (Thirty-seventh) and Taliaferro (Twenty-third), who had his horse shot under him, Lieutenant-Colonels Warren (commanding the Tenth) and Curtis (Twenty-third), and Majors Williams (Thirty-seventh) and Walker (Tenth) my thanks are due for the gallantry they displayed and the coolness with they directed the movements and fire of their men.

I refer to the reports of the colonels for particular notice of the conduct of the officers and men of their respective regiments, and I desire particularly to notice the efficient services rendered me on the field by my adjutant-general (W. B. Pandleton) and my aide-de-camp (First Lieutenant Philip A. Taliaferro), both of the Provisional Army.

It pains me to add that some of my best officers were killed and wounded. Colonel Gibbons, of the Tenth, fell early in the action while leading and gloriously cheering his men to the fight. No braver or better soldier or nobler or more Christian gentleman has offered up his life a sacrifice to our holy cause during this struggle for our liberties.

Lieutenants Gregory (Twenty-third) and Dye and Fletcher (Thirty-seventh) paid the last tribute of the loftiest and holiest patriotism by yielding up their lives in the bloom of manhood upon their invaded country's battle field.

Captain Terry (Thirty-seventh) especially noticed for his gallantry; Captains Saunder and Williams (Twenty-third), Lieutenants Crawford and Myers (Tenth), Southall, Payne, and Garland (Twenty-third), and Wilhelm and Key (Thirty-seventh) were wounded, and deserve especial notice for good conduct.

I inclose an official list* of the killed and wounded of this brigade, amounting, in the aggregate, to 101 officers and men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 13. Report of Brigadier General Edward Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the Northwest.

STAUNTON, VA., May 17, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of McDowell, which took place between the forces of General Milroy, on the part of the Federals, and a portion of General Jackson's forces, under my immediate command, on the afternoon of May 8:

Early in the day, being in advance with my own brigade, I reached Setlingon's Hill, fronting McDowell and to the left of the pike, about 1 1/2 or 2 miles distant. The troops having been halted upon the top of the Bull Pasture Mountain, about 2 miles back, with a party of 30 men and several officers I reconnoitered the enemy's position in the valley of McDowell and also in my immediate vicinity, and found one or two

---------------

* Embodied in No. 7, p.476.

---------------

