
regiments posted on the right on a high hill and commanding the position on which I was, but at very long distance. I saw the enemy, in McDowell posted in various positions, but such as could be commanded by artillery.

The enemy soon threw small skirmishing parties, which were engaged by our men and driven in. I then sent back for re-enforcements or some portion of my brigade. The Fifty-second Virginia Regiment first came up, and I posted it on the extreme left of the hill as skirmishers, and it was not long before they entered upon a brisk skirmish with the enemy, repelling them and driving them off handsomely.

Soon after the Forty-fourth and Fifty-eighth Virginia and Twelfth Georgia Regiments came up and were posted as follows, viz: The Twelfth Georgia on the crest of the hill fronting the main body of the enemy, the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-second on the left, and the Forty-fourth on the right, near a ravine. A very heavy fire was opened on the right between 4.30 and 5 p.m., at which time I was making a reconnaissance on the hill on the right on the position of the Forty-fourth. I immediately repaired to the field, and a very sharp fight continued for some time, when the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Virginia Regiments coming up I posted them on the right, when the fight became very terrific my men holding the line upon the crest of the hill and driving back the enemy with great loss.

At this time General Taliaferro's brigade came up. The Twenty-third and Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiments were advanced to support the center of our line, which was occupied by the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, with the most heroic gallantry. The Tenth Virginia Regiment was ordered to support the Fifty-second, which, having driven the enemy from the left, was advanced to make a flank movement upon him.

At this time the enemy advanced a strong column on the extreme right, with a view of flanking our position. General Taliaferro's brigade, with the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, met this movement of the enemy principally. To defeat it, however, I ordered several companies of the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Regiments to a position in the elevated woods on the right and rear of our position, but commanding the position of the enemy.

Colonel Campbell's brigade coming up about this time was, together with the Tenth Virginia Regiment, ordered down the ridge in the woods to prevent a flank movement of the enemy, which they effectually did.

The battle raged with terrific violence from about 4.30 to 8.30 p.m., the enemy all the time playing upon us with their artillery.

In all the attempt of the enemy to advance up the hill they were repulsed by the gallantry of our men with very great slaughter.

After dark the fire somewhat ceased. The enemy withdrew from the field with haste, leaving their dead unburied, burned his stores at McDowell, destroyed large quantities of ammunition, camp equipage, &amp;c., and precipitately retreated in the direction of Franklin.

In consequence of a wound received by me in the leg I had no part in the affair after 8 p.m.

Our victory was complete. From information received the loss of the enemy was between 500 and 1,000 killed and wounded. Large numbers of their dead were piled in various places; some in churches and other houses, and some are reported to have been burned up in the house which contained their commissary stores.

Being compelled to leave the field in consequence of my wound, and

