
not having received brigade and regimental reports, I have no certain data of my loss, but I do not believe it to exceed 60 killed and 200 wounded.

The brigade commanders and the regiments generally behaved with remarkable coolness and courage. The following-named officers, commanding brigades and regiments, I would mention as having behaved most gallantly, viz: General Taliaferro, Colonel Conner, Twelfth Georgia Regiment; Colonel Scott, Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment; Colonel Campbell, Forty-eighth Virginia Regiment; Colonel Harman, Fifty-second Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Board, Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment; Major Hawkins, Twelfth Georgia Regiment; Colonel Smith, Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, Thirty-first Virginia Regiment; Colonel Taliaferro, Twenty-third Virginia Regiment; Colonel Fulkerson, Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment; Colonel Gibbons, Tenth Virginia Regiment, and Colonel Hoffman, Thirty-first Virginia Regiment, who, though sick, repaired to the field during the engagement and assumed the command of his regiment.

Colonel Gibbons, of the Tenth Virginia Regiment, fell while leading his regiment into the fight. Colonel Harman, of the Fifty-second Virginia Regiment, was wounded early in the engagement, but did not leave the field. Colonel Smith and Major Higginbotham, of the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment, were wounded.

To my medical staff I am greatly indebted for the efficiency they displayed, particularly to Surgt. R. W. Lunday, medical director of my forces, for his zeal and activity in making preparation for the removal of the wounded from the field and attention to them afterward; and to Assistant Surgeons Opie and Etheridge, whose coolness and efficiency on the field attracted my attention, and the latter of whom was severely wounded.

Lieutenant Colonel Abner Smead, my assistant adjutant-general, and Colonel W. H. Harman, my aide-de-camp, behaved most gallantly throughout the action, affording me great assistance in rallying the men and conveying orders.

Lieutenant Ed. Willis, one of my aides, I had placed in charge of my artillery on that day, and he, consequently, was not in the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 14. Report of Colonel W. C. Scott, Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

CAMP NEAR GORDONSVILLE, VA.,

August, 2, 1862.

As I have heretofore made any report in regard to the battle of McDowell I will now supply the omission:

The Army of the Northwest, commanded by Brigadier General Edward Johnson, was divided by him into two brigades, one of which was commanded

