
down or by any other means, and it is singular that neither of them was wounded, though Adjutant Steptoe's clothes were shot through.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. SCOTT,

Colonel Forty-fourth Virginia Volunteers,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Army of the Northwest, at McDowell, Va.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Valley District, Va.

APPENDIX.

The first order, dividing General Edward Johnson's army (of the Northwest) into two brigades is in the following words and figures, to wit:

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,

No.-. Camp at Valley Mills, Va., April 21, 1862.

I. The troops of this command will be divided into two brigades; the one on the right, Colonel Porterfield commanding, to consist of the Twelfth Georgia and Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Virginia Regiments, Hansbrough's battalion, and the Star Battery; the one on the left, Colonel Baldwin commanding, to consist of the Forty-fourth, Fifty-second, and Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiments, and Miller's and the Lee battery.

II. All official communications will be sent through the headquarters of the respective brigades. Commandants of brigades will sign all provision return, requisitions, &amp;c., and will send to this office every morning consolidated reports of their respective brigades.

By order of General Johnson:

A. SMEAD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Circular.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Camp at Valley Mills, Va., April 22, 1862.

Commandants of brigades will cause all company officers of the regiments and captains of their commands to quarter with their companies, and field and staff officers with their regiments.

By order of General E. Johnson:

A. SMEAD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,Camp at Valley Mills, Va., May 2, 1862.

COLONEL: You being the senior officer present with your brigade, you will assume command of it, and will sign all requisitions, provision return, &c., and will hand in consolidated morning reports of your brigade by 12 m. every day. You will also, a soon as possible, send a consolidated return of the brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SMEAD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

This last was directed and sent to me the morning after I regained my regiment after a sick leave of absence. None of the foregoing orders were ever revoked by General Johnson. On the contrary, I have a great number of others recognizing the two brigades. I will only insert one issued just before we commenced our march to McDowell:

