
[Circular.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,Camp at Valley Mills, Va., May 5, 1862.

Brigade commanders will cause the different regiments and independent companies of their respective commands to have cooked and put in haversacks the provisions they will draw to-morrow, and be in readiness to march at any moment.

A. SMEAD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

According to the order of march we marched by brigades, each brigade followed by its wagons.

It is a fact that at the battle of McDowell I commanded the Second Brigade and that Major Cobb commanded the Forty-fourth Regiment.

W. C. SCOTT,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

No. 15. Report of Colonel Michael G. Harman, Fifty-second Virginia Infantry.

----, -- -, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting to you the following report:

At the battle of McDowell, on May 8, my officers and men behaved with great courage, but it is not necessary to particularize them by name, as they fought under your own eye.

The total loss of my regiment is as follows:

Company B-Officers, Captain William Long, mortally wounded, since dead. As a brave and faithful officer he is a great loss to my regiment.

Company D-Lieutenant Carson killed.

Companies C and I-Captains Dabney and Humphreys wounded, one in the arm and the other in the mouth, while gallantly leading their companies.

The loss in privates in each company is as follows:

Company B-15 wounded.

Company C-4 wounded; 1 died since the battle.

Company D-2 killed and 3 wounded.

Company E-1 killed and 6 wounded.

Company F-1 killed and 4 wounded.

Company G-5 wounded.

Company I-5 wounded.

Company K-1 killed and 1 wounded.

Early in the action I received a severe and painful wound in my right arm, and with great difficulty remained on the field until the battle was over. To a merciful Providence and your successful leadership and personal bravery we owe our victory on that hotly-contested field.

Respectfully,

M. G. HARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-second Virginia Volunteers.

General EDWARD JOHNSON,

Commanding Army of the Northwest.

