
The letters you sent me for parties in Fredericksburg have been sent to the mayor for distribution.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

The witness here presented a communication from Brigadier General Joseph R. Anderson to Major-General McDowell, dated headquarters, May 22, 1862, which the recorder read as follows, and which is appended to the proceedings and marked I:*
HEADQUARTERS, May 22, 1862.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL, Commanding:

GENERAL: I avail myself of the flag of truce this morning to acknowledge receipt of your courteous letter of yesterday's date.

The plan you propose for bringing Mrs. Scott and her family to this neighborhood I will at once communicate to her relative at Richmond.

I have the honor to remain, general, your very obedient servant,J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were or not the letters for persons in Fredericksburg, alluded to in my letter to General Anderson of May 21, 1862, received from him opened, and were they examined at my headquarters before being sent to the mayor for distribution?

Answer. They were. This same commander, General Anderson, wrote a letter concerning Generals Buckner and Tilghman, dated 22nd May, 1862. General McDowell replied, and his letter is recorded on page 208 in the letter-book submitted to the court.

The recorder then read the letter:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON, Commanding near Massaponax:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday's date, inclosing a letter concerning Generals Buckner and Tilghman.

I have no knowledge whatever of the treatment when these gentlemen, and am unable to state anything concerning them.

The letter you have inclosed will be immediately transmitted to Washington, whence only authentic information on the point in question can come. As soon as I receive any it will be immediately communicated to you.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

The witness continued:

On the 24th May General McDowell addressed to General J. R. Anderson a letter on the same subject, which is recorded at page 212 in the letter-book.

The recorder read the letter as follows:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 24, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON, Commanding near Massaponax:

GENERAL: I have just received the following from the Secretary of War:

"You may answer that Generals Buckner and Tilghman are not confined in dungeons. I have directed a specific report to be made as to how they are confined, which when received will be transmitted to you."

I have only to add that when that report shall be received I will lose no time in communicating with you again on the subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not reprinted in appendix.

---------------

4 R R-VOL XII

