
The gallant Colonel Patton fell while leading his regiment and carrying the last and probably most determined stand made by the enemy. I take pleasure in saying his wound is not serious.

Lieutenant-Colonel Peters (commanding Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment) displayed much coolness and gallantry, leading his men in the thickest of the fight. Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzhugh (Eighth Virginia Cavalry) also displayed great coolness and bravery during the engagement. I recommend Colonel Patton (Twenty-second Virginia Regiment) and Lieutenant-Colonels Peters (Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment) and Fitzhugh (Eighth Virginia Cavalry) to your notice.

Captains Otey, Chapman, and Lowry, commanding batteries, all behaved well and did excellent service. The mountain howitzer is found to be exceedingly useful.

To Lieutenant King (elected major of the artillery battalion) I take this occasion of returning my thanks for the energy displayed by him in procuring for my command and for the excellent service performed by him in driving the enemy from The Narrows.

My command was much exhausted when it went into the engagement, a portion of it having lost three nights' sleep. The enemy was pursued 6 or 7 miles, and this at a run.

Our loss was, providentially, small, only 2 killed and 4 wounded. That of the enemy is known to have been comparatively very large, but not accurately ascertained, from the fact that they succeeded in carrying off most of their dead and wounded by the assistance of their cavalry. From the best information I can obtain their loss amounted to about 20 killed and 50 wounded. We captured a considerable amount of quartermaster's and subsistence stores, including a number of horses and a few prisoners.

My special thanks are due to my personal staff-Captain Finney, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Heth, aide-de-camp, and Captain Swann, volunteer aide; also to Mr. Albert Gibboney-for their energy and activity in communicating orders. Captain Selden, aide-de-camp, was absent assisting Lieutenant-Colonel Finney in bringing forward troops and supplies.

I respectfully refer you to the reports of the colonels commanding brigades for additional details.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Walter H. Jenifer, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Success, Va., May 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit my report, in reference to my brigade, of the battle of Giles Court-House, which took place on the 10th instant:

Pursuant to orders, I marched from Camp Shannon at 10.30 p.m., in command of the First Brigade of the Army of New River, composed

