
No. 3. Report of Colonel John McCausland, Thirty-sixth Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

CAMP SUCCESS, NEAR GILES COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

May 13, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report od the Second Brigade of the army commanded by Brigadier-General Heth:

In obedience to General Orders, No. 23, I assumed command of the Second Brigade, and at once gave the necessary orders for its movement from the camp at Shannon's toward the enemy, supposed to be at Giles Court-House.

At 10 p.m. on the night of the 9th we took up the line of march, nothing occurring until within a few miles of the town, when the pickets fired, and then the spirit and fire of the men knew no control. They rushed on at a rapid pace. As soon as we arrived at the point indicated in General Orders, No. 23, I at commenced deploying on the left of the turnpike, keeping the artillery in the road. The infantry was deployed, skirmishers thrown to the front, and an advance ordered.

The enemy were found posted on an eminence protected on the right by a dense forest and on the left by a ravine, the center and main body behind a fence. I at once posted a large 24-pounder gun on an eminence within good range and opened upon the enemy. The first shop passed just above the fence behind which they were posted. The next a shell, exploded in their midst, scattering them and throwing the rails in every direction. The enemy at once moved toward the forest on the right. I at once threw the left wing of the Twenty-second Regiment up the mountain to meet them. They were soon driven back. Then commenced the pursuit. The enemy again rallied beyond the town. They rallied from time to time, but were soon routed, and in the fight, extending over a space of 7 miles, the officers and men behaved well. My thanks are due to all.

Colonel George S. Patton was wounded in the pursuit beyond the town. One private also wounded.

Colonel Patton, Lieutenant-Colonel Barbee, Major Bailey, and Captain Chapman, of the artillery, all behaved well.

To Adjutant Rand and Captains Miller and Ruby, aides-de-camp, my thanks are due.

The result of this victory is important to all in the common defense of the country, and especially of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. We have won The Narrows of New River, a point easily defended and a good protection to the country south of it.

The reports of other officers are herewith transmitted.* They will be found to contain more minute information than I could put in this, as I have endeavored to condense as much as possible.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Virginia Regt, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

