
of the Pennsylvania cavalry the enemy opened fire on the sloop and succeeded in wounding 2 of the Jersey cavalry who were on the boat. In the evening, when we endeavored to take out the wounded, they again opened fire, but the hot fire of the carbineers of the Pennsylvania cavalry drove them from the river banks.

i inclose reports from Colonels Wyndham and Jones.

By the first favorable wind I shall send up the sloop, although it is of no particular value, unless otherwise ordered.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Captain SAMUEL BRECK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McDowell's Corps.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,Camp MsDowell, Va., May 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that upon receipt of your order yesterday I dispatched an officer with 6 men to proceed with the sloop captured a few days since to Fredericksburg. About half a mile above the pickets of the First Pennsylvania Cavalry the rebels opened a heavy fire upon the vessel. They were in ambush, and some 50 in number, and not more than 3 ords distant. The small party on board returned their fire with great gallantry until re-enforced by a party of the First Pennsylvania. The rebels then retired from the contest.

I regret to state that 2 of my men were badly wounded-Privates James H. Haywood and J. W. Clayhunce. The rebel loss can only be conjectured from their movements. I judge it must have been some 5 or 6 killed and wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. WYNDHAM,

Colonel.

Brigadier-General BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Owen Jones, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,May 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of yesterday (May 13) heavy firing was heard at my camp from the line of my pickets on the Rappahannock. I soon learned that it proceeded from a party of the enemy, and was directed at a vessel in charge of the First New Jersey Cavalry. I at once ordered the carbineers of my command

32 R R-VOL XII.

