
to proceed to the river bank, and found the vessel was fastened to the north bank of the river and in charge of our pickets. I ordered my men to be placed in position to cover the removal of 2 men of the First New Jersey Cavalry that were on board of her and had been badly wounded by the fire of the enemy, giving orders not to fire unless first fired upon. After the first and just as the second wounded man was being removed from the vessel a heavy fire was opened upon her by the enemy. it was instantly replied to by a heavy and well-sustained fire from my men posted along the river bank. As soon as the enemy's fire ceased the order to cease firing was given, and the remaining man was removed to a place of safety.

It gives me great pleasure to state that in the affair none of my men were hurt, and that officers and men displayed the utmost promptitude, bravery, and coolness.

Very respectfully,

OWEN JONES,

Colonel First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

General GEORGE D. BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

MAY 15, 1862.-Skirmish near Gaines' Cross-Roads, Rappahannock Co., Va.

Report of Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, RAPPAHANNOCK COUNTY, VA.,

May 15, 1862-7 p.m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that about 2 o'clock my picket made a dash at a foraging party near Gaines' Cross-Roads with a very small party. My men were driven back. I soon re-enforced them, and dismounted 30 men behind a stone wall. When the enemy came up the dismounted men emptied seven saddles, and I then charged down the road until i met an infantry regiment, who opened upon us in fine style.

The skirmish was the briskest affair I have seen for many a day. The whole army were drawn up to receive us, and by constant firing I kept them in check the whole day. I occupied a commanding hill and could have a piece of artillery with splendid effect.

The enemy are still between Flint Hill and Gaines' Cross-Roads. They have a heavy train of wagons. I am certain we killed 3 and wounded 4 others. The infantry pressed me too closely to catch the loose horses, though I got one saber and carbine and one six-shooter. I had 2 men slightly wounded, but lost no horses. I have used up all of my small stock of ammunition, but it cost the enemy dearly, and they wasted any quantity of ammunition.

Think of a whole army drawn up in line of battle and kept so six hours by 250 half-armed cavalry.

I send you a letter taken from the Yankee mail. Their wagon trains were hurrying along at a furious rate toward Warrenton and are evidently excepting an attack from you.

Where shall I join you at?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Virginia Cavalry.

Major-General EWELL, Commanding.

