
MAY 15, 1862.-Skirmish at Linden, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Joseph A. Moore, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

No. 4.-Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.

FALMOUNTH, May 16, 1862.

I have report from Brigadier-General Geary of an attack on the line of the road he is guarding by a party of guerrillas, in which he lost 1 man killed and 14 captured. It looks like a surprise. General Wadsworth, to whom I have given the duty of providing for this road, will inquire into this matter. General Geary writes of being in danger from forces at Luray Court-House. This can hardly be so. If the general places his guards over bridges in log cabins, loop-holed, 14 men can hold out against as large a body of cavalry as can be brought against them. I have told General Wadsworth to so instruct.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FALMOUNTH, May 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH:

Brigadier-General Geary reported to me an attack on his line by a party of cavalry, in which he lost 1 man killed and 14 captured. Please call for a report as to this. It appears to me the party was surprised. If General Geary at once causes all his detached parties to build log cabins with loop-holes, and keep them on the alert, 14 men will be able to resist any body of cavalry likely to come against them. This will enable the general to guard bridges with safety with small parties, and give him the mass of his force in hand at such points as may require it. It seems to me that thus arranged he should be able to secure the line with what he has. I would suggest you to send to him some of your dismounted cavalry to aid in this work, but use your own judgment, and I shall be satisfied.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

No. 2. Reports of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army.

RECTORTOWN, May 15, 1862.

My line was attacked at about 3.30 o'clock this afternoon by a body of rebel cavalry, variously estimated at from 300 to 600, at Linden. One

