
The witness continued:

That is all the correspondence I am aware of that took place between General McDowell and the Confederate commanders.

Question by the COURT. Do you know, or have you reason to suspect, that any correspondence of any kind was held by General McDowell with the enemy while you were on his staff not included in that which has just been produced by you?

Answer. I know of none and have no reason to suspect that any existed.

1. Question by the COURT. Can you state when you entered on the duties of chief of staff of General McDowell?

Answer. General McDowell issued an order on the 28th March, 1862, announcing me as chief of staff-I think between the 10th and 28th March, 1862.

2. Question by the COURT. When was the recorded o the letters in the letter-book of General McDowell made with reference to the date?

Answer. Sometimes letters are recorded at their date, sometimes days after. I cannot answer about those particular letters, whether they were recorded immediately or not.

3. Question by the COURT. In respect to the receipt of open letters from the enemy's lines and distributed through the mayor of Fredericksburg, state whether such practice was according to the usages of war.

Answer. I do not know the usages of war on that subject, but I have heard that commanders in our Army in this contest have sent open letters to their address.

4. Question by the COURT. By whom were the letters received from or forwarded to parties within the enemy's lines examined?

Answer. By General McDowell or some of his staff.

5. Question by the COURT. Was any record made of such letters; and, if so, what?

Answer. I am not aware of any.

Colonel JOSEPH TAYLOR, commissary-general of subsistence, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were you acquainted with the late Robert E. Scott, of Fauguier County, Virginia? If so, state what character he above, whether a Union man or secessionist, where he lived, how he died, and in what place he left his family.

Answer. I knew Mr. Robert Scott intimately for years. I regarded him as a Union man, and have talked with him frequently on that subject. He was residing about 5 miles from Warrenton, Fauquier County, Virginia. I do not know when or where he was killed. I have seen letters from his family dated at the homestead since his death.

The court had no questions to ask this witness. Colonel Schriver, the first witness before the court, stated that since giving his testimony certain other matters had been recalled to memory which should form part of the testimony required from him. Colonel Schriver was requested to have the same put in form for reception by the court to-morrow.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, 29th November, 1862.

