
present force would leave an entirely inadequate command at the front. It is quite important that the force in this district should be enlarged enough to enable us to concentrate at least the whole present command in front unweakened by detachments guarding the rear.

As far as we have examined the country it seems to be almost wholly stripped of forage of every sort. This will necessitate an arrangement of transportation in view of this fact. Our movements have been valuable to us as a reconnaissance of the country, and I am very confident a few days will enable us to take the aggressive with increased advantages for success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY, Hdqrs. Mountain Department.

The later reports showing that the casualties have been overestimated in first report received, I have ordered them entirely revised, and will forward in another inclosure.

Return of Casualties in Colonel Augustus Moor's brigade, District of the Kanawha, in the engagement at Princeton, W. Va., May 16-17, 1862.*

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	Officers.	Enlisted	Officers.	Enlisted	Officers. 	Enlisted	Aggregate.	Remarks.

men.		men. 		men.

28th	.....	 5	.....	 10	.....	 12	 27	9 of

Ohio								the

missing

prisoners.

34th	.....	 5	 2	 12	.....	 9	 28	5 of

Ohio								the

missing

prisoners.

37th	 1	 12	 3	 42	.....	.....	 58	Lieutenant

Ohio								M. W.

Blucher

mortally

wounded,

Captain

Lewis

Quedenfeld

killed.

Total	 1	 22	 5	 64	.....	 21	 113

---------------

*This is the revised list, dated May 29, 1862, referred to in Cox's report.

---------------

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel E. Parker Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding First Provisional Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Camp at East River, Va., May 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have very minute directions as to the approach to the enemy by way of French's Mill, but I can get no word from Colonel Moor. There is a rumor that he has gone or sent out to meet Humphrey Marshall, who is said by rumor to be or to have been approaching from Jeffersonville down East River. I have sent to him again this morning, but the messenger has not yet returned. I cannot understand his acting offensively or otherwise without letting me know what he is doing. All my information goes to show conclusively that former reports as to position of enemy in front are correct; also that the best approach is by French's Mill, for which latter I have pretty minute directions. This road, however, strikes the Wolf Creek road from Tazewell, 7 miles from the mouth of Wolf Creek; thence down the creek the road is a tolerable wagon road.

