
The place from which the enemy can be seen at mouth of Wolf Creek is about 2 miles up the North River from mouth of Rich Creek and on the heights. There is a report of enemy advancing on Valley road behind us, or rather toward East River Mountain.

Have ordered troops under arms, and sent out to the pickets to verify the report. Will send another messenger immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

General JACOB D. COW.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Camp at East River, May 16, 1862-6.15 p. m.

GENERAL: Your courier just arrived. Have heard from Colonel Moor. He had moved to the front with part of his force or would have communicated sooner. Am glad to hear that Wytheville road is to be held. Will keep up communication with detachment at French's, as directed.

To-morrow morning I had decided to act more offensively toward The Narrows. In view of your plans, as I think I understand them, at least to some extent, I have not wished to make such efforts as would necessitate the pushing up re-enforcements so fast as to disorganize the command. I think The narrows will be ours, as I have before said, when you give the word.

I will be ready to act when the word comes and as it directs. In saying that I had decided to act more offensively toward The narrows I did not mean that I will pass them, but drive off the enemy from some field breastworks which they have erected on the opposite side of the river. A few well-directed shots will do it at any time. I think I could pass The Narrows, but apart from orders I doubt if we could keep communication free from annoyance from the other side of the river until it too is cleared of the rebels. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

General JACOB D. COX.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Augustus Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Provisional Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Frenchville, May 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 12 o'clock yesterday I received the general's letter, with instructions to send detachments toward Wytheville road. I had already made the details when I received intelligence that a rebel force, stated to be 1,000 to 2,500 strong, had crossed the mountains, coming down Cumberland Gap road. As there was not time to ask for further orders, I detailed for that expedition four companies of The Thirty-seventh, Lieutenant-Colonel Blessingh; four companies of the Twenty-eighth, Major Bohlender; two pieces of Captain Simmonds' battery, and 25 of Captain Emmons' company, Second Virginia cavalry, all under my command. As it was

