
reported that Humphrey Marshall commanded the rebels, I also detailed Company A, Twenty-eighth, and Company A, thirty-fourth, Lieutenant H. C. Hatfield, under command of Captain e. Schache, Twenty-eighth Ohio Regiment, to cross East Mountain on bridle-pats and to examine the roads along Wolf Creek. I also detailed Company C, Captain miller, Thirty-fourth Regiment, to examine a road running east opposite my present position; the whole provided with two days' rations and with written instructions to the commanders. At 1.30 o'clock p. m. the three detachments left camp. I, with the main force, marched 11 miles toward Rocky Gap. As it grew dark I turned over the command to Major Bohlender, Lieutenant-Colonel Blessingh being in the rear, and directed them to bivouac there without fire, rebel pickets being reported to be within a mile at a farm-house. Not feeling justified to stay away overnight from the brigade, I returned with the artillery to Frenchville. At 6 o'clock this morning the detachment under Captain Schache return with 6 prisoners, 8 Mississippi rifles, 5 Enfield rifles, 1 Harper's Ferry rifle, 3 common rifles, 2 muskets, 5 sabers, and 6 horses. The prisoners and list of names I send to you, under escort of Lieutenant McNally, Second Virginia Cavalry. The arms I stored for the present with Mr. Bogen, at Frenchville.

Please find Captain Schache's report inclosed.* Company C, Thirty-fourth Regiment, returned last night. Captain Miller reported Union people on that road dreading rebel scouts from the mountains south of them. The road comes out on East River again about 2 1/2 miles from here. I have it guarded now.

The detachment to Rocky Gap will return to-day. I shall report the result of that reconnoiter as soon as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Ohio Regiment Infantry, Commanding Second Brigadier Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Kanawha.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Louis von Blessingh, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

CAMP FLAT TOP MOUNTAIN,

May 23, 1862.

SIR: on the afternoon of the 15th instant I marched with four companies of the Thirty-seventh Regiment, A, H, C, and F; four companies of the Twenty-eighth Regiment, under command of Major Boehlaener; two pieces of artillery, and one company of cavalry from Frenchville up the East River, following the East?River road. Colonel moor accompanied the column for 7 miles; then return with the cavalry and artillery, leaving me in command, with instructions to discover the strength of the enemy on the Rocky Gap road and on Cross-Road, and his movements. I marched 1 mile farther and bivouacked, on the rad for the night. On the morning of the 16th the command, after marching 6 miles, reached Cross-Roads. Here I heard that the road to Rocky Gap was occupied by 1,500 rebels, and that they intended to intrench themselves near Rocky Gap. At the same time a report was current that General Marshall was on his way from Jeffersonville with 2,500 men.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

