
While writing down these reports 26 cavalrymen, the advance guard of Marshall's corps, advanced on the road. I posted our advance guard behind different buildings on the rad, and at a distance behind fences three other companies as supports. The cavalrymen came on into the midst of the company and there received a full volley. Seven fell; the balance retreated in haste. while it was the intention to pursue the enemy, the advance guard of the same appeared already in a distance of half a mile in the woods. In order to avoid a collision I retreated 3 miles and concluded there to take an observing position, but seeing, after the fog had parted, at 9 o'clock a. m., that the heights on the other side of East River were strongly occupied by infantry and cavalry, I again retreated about 3 miles to the place where we had camped the night before. One of the dragoons who had been scent back came running into camp saying that he had been shot at. Another mountain path was behind us, and a retreat of 2 miles more brought the same to the front of the column.

Toward evening of the same day (16th) I received the order to keep my present position till the arrival of re-enforcements of two companies-one from the Flirty-fourth and the other from the Twenty-eighth Regiment-and then to march to Cross-Roads and there take position.

During the night, at half past 12, the order came to at once move to Cross-Roads, which was done at 2 o'clock. At 3.45 the aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Ambrosious, came with the order from General Cox to advance from Cross-Roads on the road to Princeton, and to attack the enemy, who had reached there, with every energy.

Three-quarters of a mile east of Cross-Roads I left East River road and reached the road to Princeton without hinderance 3 miles above Cross-Roads, having in this manner flanked Cross-Roads, which, of course, was in possession of the enemy.

Princeton road was occupied by three companies of virginia troops, who, after a short engagement, took flight, with the loss of 1 killed. This was at 7 o'clock in the morning. With all possible speed I continued the march to Princeton. Rebel cavalry attacked twice, by which a company of the Thirty-fourth, who acted as rear guard and who were most exposed to the attack, killed 2 of the cavalrymen. At 10 o'clock in the morning the heights of Princeton were reached. At the distance of 5 miles the discharge of cannon in Princeton had been heard, which still more drove the men to haste, but when within 3 miles the same ceased. This sudden silence of the cannon left me in uncertainty as to the result of the fight at Princeton and whether our friends had been victorious or not. It did not, though, interrupt our farther advance. Company H was sent out on the right of the road and Company A on the left of the same as skirmishers. Companies C and F, in the center, formed the reserve. These companies were of the Thirty-seventh Regiment. Hardly had position been taken when the first shots were fired. The skirmishers in a few minutes reached the heights. The reserve, two companies (F and C), Thirty-seventh Regiment, were hid behind fences. The firing on [the] part of the rebels continued to be more lively, while my men could fire with but little success, the enemy being protected by their entrenchments. The five companies of the Twenty-eighth Regiment were drawn up in the rear. Three of them, under command of Major bohlender, were ordered by me to the left flank to create a demonstration, but without success. The balance of the Twenty-eighth (two companies), who were within reach of the fire, were moved back

