
court was called by you yesterday, after your testimony was concluded?

Answer. They are respectively numbered-140, page 173; number 153, page 177; number 230, page 213, in the official letter-book of Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock.

The court was closed with a view of examining said letters ere they were received.

The court was opened and the following decision announced:

That the evidence contained in said papers is immaterial to the matter for investigation before the court and would not be received.

Question by General McDOWELL. Lay before the court General Orders, Nos. 12 and 19, Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock.

The recorder read General Orders, Nos. 12 and 19, from Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, dated-the former dated opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 16, 1862, the latter Front Royal, Va., June 5, 1862, as follows:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

Numbers 12. Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., May 16, 1862.

It has come to the knowledge of the major-general commanding that some of the few men among us who are evilly disposed have attempted the commission of a crime which will justly draw upon the troops universal condemnation. It is due to the good men of the army, to the service, to the country, to the sisters, daughters, mothers, and wives of all that the stain be effaced by the infliction of the only fit punishment due such acts. That we are here with arms in our hands, and that the people have no practical redress from our wrong-doings but heightens our obligation to portent the helpless. That this may be done promptly and effectively military commissions will be instituted in each division for the punishment of all crimes committed by any one in the military service or by any one "following the army," and which may not be cognizable by courts-martial.

For ordinary offenses or crimes such commissions will be detailed from the rester in the same way as a court-martial; but whenever it shall be deemed necessary by the division commander, or orders to that effect shall be received by him from the headquarters, a special military commission, to consist in each division of the brigade commanders, the chiefs of the division artillery and cavalry, and two of the regimental commandeers, or as many, not less than a majority, as can be immediately convened, will be assembled to try such cases, as, from the persons implicated or the crime committed, the interests of the service shall require to be deposed of in a summary manner.

The form of the proceedings in the case of an ordinary commission shall be the same as that of court-martial. The form of an ordinary commission shall be the same as that of court-martial. The form of proceedings in the case of a special commission will be such as the division commander may determine; but will not be such as will interfere with summary justice. The punishment for rape will be death; and any violence offered a female, white or colored, with the evident intent or purpose to commit a rape, will be considered as one, and punished accordingly.

In cases of conviction and sentence for rape, as above defined, the division commander, if he approve the findings and sentence, will order immediate execution by hanging, or by shooting if the former should not by convenient. That the order may have full effect, all good men in the army, whether officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, or privates, and all who may be in any way connected with or following the army are especially charged and entreated to do whatever in them lies to bring this crime to its merited punishment.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

Numbers 19. Front Royal, Va., June 5, 1862.

Any person detected in placing obstructions on the track of any of the railroads used by the United States for military purposes, or of injuring the bridges, or doing anything with the object of interrupting military trains, will be shot on the spot. Residents in the vicinity of accidents occurring from hostile act will be held responsible in their persons and property, and will not be suffered to remain passive, but must use vigilance and personal influence to prevent injury.

The same will apply to injury to the military telegraph lines.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

