
Numbers 33.-Colonel Gorge H. Gordon, Second Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 24-25.

Numbers 34.-Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of operations May 25.

Numbers 35.-Lieutenant Colonel George L. Andrews, Second Massachusetts Infantry, of operations May 24-25.

Numbers 36.-Captain Samuel M. Yulich, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 23-26.

Numbers 37.-Colonel Thomas H. Ruger, Third Wisconsin Infantry, of operations May 25.

Numbers 38.-Brigadier Genj. Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army, commanding post, of operations at Harper's Ferry, including instructions and congratulations from the Secretary of War.

Numbers 39.-Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, commanding the Mountain Department, of operations may 24-June 17, and including instructions from the President and Secretary of War.

Numbers 40.-Casualties in the Union forces at the battle of Cross Keys. Numbers 41.-Brigadier General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 42.-Brigadier General Henry Bolhlen, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 43.-Captain Michael Wiedrich, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 44.-Colonel Eugene A. Kozlay, Fifty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 45.-Colonel Wladimir Krzyzanowski, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 46.-Lieutenant Colonel John Hamm, Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 47.-Colonel Francis Mahler, Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 48.-Captain Hugh McDonald, Kane Rifle Battalion, of the battle of Cross Keys.

Numbers 49.-Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry, of operations June 1-13.

Numbers 50.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Karge, First New Jersey Cavalry, of operations June 2-13.

Numbers 51.-Colonel Owen Jones, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations June 1-13.

Numbers 52.-Major General James Shields, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Department of the Rappahannock, of operations May 30-June 9.

Numbers 53.-Casualties in the Union forces in the engagement at Port Republic.

Numbers 54.-Colonel Philip Daum, Chief of Artillery, of engagement at Port Republic.

Numbers 55 -Captain Joseph C. Clark, Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Port Republic.

Numbers 56.-Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of action at Front Royal, May 30.

Numbers 57.-Brigadier General Erastus B. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Port Republic.

Numbers 58.-Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of engagement at Port Republic.

Numbers 59.-Lieutenant General Thomas J. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding the Valley District, of operations May 14-June 17, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 60.-Casualties in the Confederate forces at the battle of Cross Keys and the engagement at Port Republic.

Numbers 61.-Captain J. K. Boswell, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer, of operations June 1-9.

Numbers 62.-Surg. Hunter McGuire, C. S. Army, of medical and hospital store captured.

Numbers 63.-Major W. J. Hawks, Commissary of Subsistence, C. S. Army, of stores captured.

Numbers 64.-Major John A. Harman, C. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster, of properly captured and destroyed.

