
ate. The city is full of rumors as to the movements of the enemy, and apprehensions of attack to-morrow are entertained by many. Colonel Miles telegraphs that a rebel party of 60 attacked Colonel Beal's baggage train this afternoon at Berryville, killing 1 and wounding 3.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 24, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Winchester:

Your movement is regarded by the President as wise and prudent. We have felt deeply concerned for your safety, and have used every exertion to send you re-enforcements. General Fremont has been directed to operate against the enemy in the direction of Harrisonburg. Three regiments have been ordered from Baltimore to Harper's Ferry and Winchester and one regiment left here this evening; another goes to-night for Winchester by way of Harper's Ferry. Geary has fallen back to White Plains. Duryea has sent one regiment to Geary, and will send another immediately. I have ordered General King, formerly of your command, to report to you, if you need him. You may assign him a command or not at your pleasure. Please report particulars of the affair at Front Royal yesterday and what our loss is. Report frequently your condition and operations. If Fremont acts promptly with you the enemy's force ought not to escape.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Martinsburg, May 25, 1862-2.40 p. m.

The rebels attacked us this morning at daybreak in great force. Their number was estimated at 15,000, consisting of Ewell's and Jackson's divisions. The fire of pickets began with light; was followed by the artillery, until the lines were fully under fire on both sides. The left wing stood firmly, holding its ground well, and the right did the same for a time, when two regiments broke the line under the fire of the enemy. The right wing fell back. They were ordered to withdraw, and the troops pressed through the town in considerable confusion. They were quickly reformed on the other side, and continued their march in good order to martinsburg, where they arrived at 2.40 p. m., a distance of 22 miles. Our trains are in advance, and will cross the river in safety. Our entire force engaged was less than 4,000, consisting of Gordon's and Donnelly's brigades, with two regiments of cavalry under General Hatch, and two batteries artillery. Our loss is considerable, as was that of the enemy, but cannot now be stated. We were re-enforced by Tenth Maine, which did good service, and a regiment of cavalry.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

