
WILLIAMSPORT, May 27, 1862-9 p. m.

(Received may 28, 1.15 a. m.)

A detachment of cavalry advanced to-day within a few miles of Martinsburg. Two regiments of the enemy's cavalry and some infantry are in position on the right of the town. A prisoner captured near the town states that a part of Ashby's command left Martinsburg this morning in the direction of Winchester. My reports will be forwarded as soon as the necessary statements can be obtained.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1826-12.45 p. m.

Major-General BANKS,

Williamsport:

You will get your force in order for moving speedily as possible, and establish your communication with General Saxton with a view to reoccupying your former lines. Can you not occupy Martinsburg at once? General Shields is moving forward from Manassas to Front Royal, thence to Strasburg. In order to enable General Saxton to move, you will send him a part of your transportation. He has none, and it cannot be sent from here in time.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this and the hour it is received.

WILLIAMSPORT, May 28, 1862-1 p. m.

(Received 3.40 p. m.)

Colonel Pinkney, in command on the other side of the river, reports that they constantly heard the sound of cars running west from Martinsburg during last night. I have no doubt this is a delusion. It constantly occurred last summer on the Potomac. There is something in the night sounds which encourages this idea. I do not credit the report, but think you should be informed of it, as the Department may explain int from other information. I regret to see these reports published with my name, as it presents me to the country as an alarmist, when in truth I am almost incredulous as to them.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Copy to McDowell and Fremont.)

WILLIAMSPORT, May 28, 1862-2.35 p. m.

(Received 4.50 p. m.)

A prisoner captured near Martinsburg this morning by our troops reports that about 2,000 of the enemy were there yesterday. Ashby's

