
whole of the States of Tennessee and Kentucky. All officers on duty in those States will report to Major-General Halleck.

II. The Mountain Department is extended eastward to the road running from Williamsport to Martinsburg, Winchester, Strasburg, Harrisonburg, and Staunton, including that place; thence in the same direction south ward until it reaches the Blue Ridge chain of mountains; thence with the line of the Blue Ridge to the southern boundary of the State of Virginia.

III. The Department of the Shenandoah is extended eastward to include the Piedmont district and the Bull Mountain range.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, June 8, 1862-9 p. m.

Our train is now across the river at Williamsport, another ferry having been constructed. There is an unaccountable delay in forwarding the equipments and clothing needed, but I hope the division will be here by Wednesday. General Sidel's command is not yet ready to move, but will be in a few days. Every possible effort is making to compensate for loss of time occasioned by the rise of the river.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 9, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Winchester:

We are arranging a general plan for the valley of the Shenandoah, and in accordance with this you will move your main force to the Shenandoah at or opposite Front Royal as soon as possible.

A. LINCOLN.

WINCHESTER, VA., June 9, 1862-10 p. m.

General THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

Your dispatches received this morning. I will send a force to Front Royal immediately.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, June 9, 1862-10.50 p. m.

Two regiments, with a battery and cavalry, moved this morning for Front Royal. The rest of the brigade arrived here to-night and will move on to-morrow. General Williams' Third Brigade has crossed the river and will reach this place Wednesday. General Sigel's command will be able to march in a few days. As soon as possible the President's order shall be carried out. Our supplies, clothing, and equipments have been unaccountably delayed.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SECRETARY OF WAR.

