
Maryland, at Front Royal; Surgeon Adolphus, Best's battery, U. S. Army; Surgeon Johnson, Sixteenth Indiana, and Surg. Francis Leland, Second Massachusetts, on the field. it is seldom that men are called upon to make a greater sacrifice of comfort, health, and liberty for the benefit of those intrusted to their charge. Services and sacrifices like these ought to entitle them to some more important recognition of their devotion to public duty than the mere historical record of the fact. The report of the medical director, Surg. W. S. King, exhibits the disposition of nearly 1,000 sick and disabled men left at Strasburg by General Shields' division upon its removal to the Rappahannock Valley.

My warmest thanks are due to the officers and men of my command for their unflinching courage and unyielding spirit exhibited on the march and its attendant combats; especially to Brigadier General A. S. Williams, commanding the division, General George S. Greece, and General S. W. Crawford, who had reported for duty, but were yet unassigned to separate commands. They all accompanied the column throughout the march and render me most valuable assistance. My thanks are also due to the gentlemen of my staff-Major D. D. Perkins, chief of staff; Captain James W. Albert, of the Topographical Corps; Captain William Scheffler, Captain Munther, and Captain Frederick d'Hauteville-for their assiduous labors. It gives me pleasure also to commend the conduct of Colonel Donnelly and Colonel Gordon, commanding the two brigades of Williams' division. I would also respectfully ask the attention of the Department to the reports of the several officers commanding detachments separated from the main column, and to the officers named in the report of General Williams, as worthy commendation for meritorious conduct.

The Signal Corps, Lieutenant W. W. Rowley commanding, rendered most valuable assistance on the field and on the march. There should be some provision for the prompt promotion of officers and men so brave and useful as those composing this corps.

The safety of the train and supplies is in a great degree due to the discretion, experience, and unfailing energy of Captain S. B. Holabird and Captain E. G. Beckwith, U. S. Army.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Honorable E. M STANTON,

Secretary of War.

