
straits which Ewell's division is reduced to, and this one of the best in the rebel army. He was communicative to me and I credit his story. Captain Acker found no other rebels.

My whole detachment returned safely, after a most wearisome and harassing march, made rapidly, of about 25 miles, yesterday at noon. I heard from several persons more or less reliable of the sound od drums being heard, as coming from the west side of Shenandoah River, westward from a point about 5 miles south of this. Also reports of several parties of cavalry, from 50 to 200, but all on roads other than that I took in returning, which can be defended against fourfold odds. More-over, the common belief, confirmed by the prisoner, is that infantry forces besides cavalry are expected down in this direction. It was told my by several that we could not get back, if at all, without a fight. The enemy were impressing militia, mostly timid Union men, slaves of all and any ownership, and horses, besides subsistence, using for these objects small detached bodies of foot and horse, and it was to capture or drive these out, as well as to reconnoiter, that I made up my little expedition, which I hope will meet your approval.

I yesterday sent a telegram, after seeing you, to Major-General Banks, who this morning was kind enough to thank me for the energy and enterprise of the little matter.

The officers and men did all possible, and made the most rapid advance I have yet seen, and all came back in order, showing excellent discipline.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

HECTOR TYNDALE,

Major, Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.,

Commanding U. S. Troops, Detachment at Front Royal.

General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Brigade, Rectortown, Va.

P. S.-I will send down soon the arms, equipments, horse, &amp;c., taken from the prisoner Cox, and arms from the 2 deserters sent you some days ago.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel John R. Kenly, First Maryland Infantry, of action at Front Royal, May 23.

WINCHESTER, May 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my post at Front Royal was attacked on the 23rd instant, between 1 and 2 o'clock p. m., by the Confederate troops under Major-General Jackson.

The entire force under my command consisted of two 10-pounder Parrott guns, with 38 men of Knap's Pennsylvania battery, commanded by Lieutenant Atwell, and nine companies of my regiment, the absent company (E) being on detached service at Linden, on the Manassas Gap Railroad.

At the time of the attack two companies were on picket, one company doing duty as a provost guard, and the remaining six companies were with me in camp, about three-fourths of a mile from town.

It is proper to state that two companies of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment were posted beyond the main branch of the Shenandoah to cover the railroad bridge, and although not under my immediate command, the knowledge of their strength and position

