
Large numbers of them, turning into the field, charged upon the men there, who continued fighting desperately until nearly all wee captured, some 5 or 6 officers and about 100 men alone escaping.

The cavalry which had been following me upon the left now came in from the front, and assisted those who had charged us in capturing both of the guns and most of the gunners, Lieutenant Atwell, I am happy to say, escaping the general capture of my command. There was no surrender about it.

I beg to report to you the good conduct of Captain White, if the Fifth New York Cavalry, who, with a portion of his command, were taken prisoners, making every effort to assist me, and the gallantry and meritorious services of Lieutenant Atwell and his men.

To Lieutenant Colonel N. T. Dushane, Major John W. Wilson, Surg. Thomas E. Mitchell, and my adjutant, First Lieutenant Frederick C. Tarr (the latter obligations; their distinguished gallantry, coolness, and good conduct merit the highest praise, and to every officer and man of my regiment I return my heartfelt thanks for the bravery, fortitude, and constancy with which they struggled against fearful odds to maintain the cause of our country, and to save from impending destruction our comrades of the First and Third Brigades of the First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

I am also under many obligations to Lieutenant J. D. Devin, Ninth Infantry, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, and to Mr. A. W. Clarke, a correspondent of the New York Herald, for valuable services rendered me as volunteer aides, and who were both taken prisoners in the discharge of their duties.

I regret that I cannot accurately report my loss, as many are yet missing. Eighteen bodies were buried and i have some 30 wounded. I judge that from 25 or 30 were killed and from 40 to 50 wounded of my command.

The loss of the enemy has been variously estimated at from 180 to 340 killed and wounded.

I desire also to state that since we fell into the hands of the Confederate troops our treatment has been kind and considerate, except that but a scanty allowance of food has been given to us, which I ascribe rather to its scarcity among them than to any disposition on their part do deprive us of it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Colonel First Maryland Regiment.

Captain WILLIAMS D. WILKINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain George Smith et al., First Maryland Infantry, of action at Front Royal, May 23.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLS.,Hagerstown, Md., May 28, 1862.

SIR: We beg leave to have the honor to make the following report of facts under our own observation of the engagement at Front Royal, Va., on Friday, May 23:

Our forces at Front Royal consisted of the following troops: First Maryland Regiment Volunteers, nine companies, 775 available men rank and file, one company being absent on picket duty 8 miles below,

