
turns or to ascertain what certificates had been given by his commissaries or quartermasters pursuant to his General Orders, Nos. 8 and 18?

Answer. I have repeatedly myself called attention of the chief quartermasters and chief commissaries to he importance of a compliance with the requirements of those orders, and they as frequently replied by stating the difficulties of getting reports and returns of the articles seized. This was done by General McDowell's direction.

Question by the COURT. Have those orders in respect to returns of property seized ever been complied with?

Answer. Yes, in both of the supplying departments.

Question by the COURT. Do you know whether General McDowell gave attention to the sanitary condition and comfort of the troops under his command, by personal inspection, by orders, or in any other manner? And, if yes, state what he has done on the subjects of which you have knowledge.

Answer. I know that General McDowell was solicitous on that subject, and by orders and communications and the staff he enjoined upon them attention to the subject, and by his own inspection or through his own staff officers he ascertained the condition of the command in that respect.

Question by the COURT. State what was the condition of the troops under General McDowell in this respect while you were chief of staff.

Answer. It varied; sometimes perfectly satisfactory in my opinion; at other times, after forced or rapid marches, men suffered, and of course were more or less sick.

Question by the COURT. When these circumstances of unusual sickness occurred did General McDowell give any special attention to the subject; and, if so, what?

Answer. Whenever it was necessary, directions were given to the medial department as to the disposition to be made of the sick and of providing necessaries for their comfort.

Question by the COURT. Did General McDowell make the instruction and discipline of his troops the subject of his personal attention?

And, if, yes, state in what manner, by what means, and to what extent.

General McDowell here stated that he had endeavored to bring the evidence before the court in the order adopted by the court as its plan of investigation.

The question has bearing on the forth clause of said plan, and as yet the testimony on the second clause has not been exhausted.

General McDowell stated to the court, however, that he did not make these remarks as an objection to the mode of proceeding, but that the witnesses present were intended to give evidence on matter pertaining to the second clause.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened, and the following decision announced by the recorder:

The court are desirous to pursue, as far as they can properly do so, the general course indicated by them for the examination. Embarrassment has arisen in the case in the absence of charges, specifications, witnesses, and judge advocate. When, therefore, a witness is on the stand the court will make such pertinent examination on the whole subject s will assist them in finding and procuring material for further investigation, and will call forth answers to matters arising in the case which are suggested by the witnesses' testimony and the subjects introduced.

Answer. He did, by the issuing of verbal and written orders to the commanders under him, and by inspections, with a view to the enforcement of those orders and

