
and Lieutenant Giddings, of the Third Wisconsin, came down for instruction, &amp;c.; but before I could get the dispatch off to you the attack was commenced in town and railroad broken up and telegraph wire cut off on my side, and also on the other side of the town, and my companies at the Buckton bridge attacked, which it appears they most bravely defended to the last. There being two locomotives in, they attempted to pass up twice, but were driven back.

Captain Davis and Lieutenant Giddings endeavored to reach their companies, but were prevented; consequently I ordered them to remain with me. they were captured with me, and are still held prisoners.

At the moment of attack I was lying in my ben in great pain, but still I gave orders and collected information, never giving up my command. On hearing the attack I was lying in my bed in great pain, but still I gave orders and collected information, never giving up my command. On hearing the attack I ordered my horse to be saddled, and although I could not stand a moment before not get on my boots I put on an old pair of shoes, intending if not successful in so doing to mount in stocking feet. I immediately proceeded to place my men in such position as to be most effective and to save them in the attack. I also ordered Captain Mapes' bridge-builders to form and join my command; also the railroad men.

I append a rough plan of my side of the river, position of my men, &c.* On the opposite side of the North Branch at its junction there are hills and bluffs, partly covered with timber. The pike from Winchester passes between two hills and along the base to the bridge over North River. Upon this one hill I ordered Captain Richardson, Captain Mapes' railroad men, &c.; deployed them at intervals, forming the two sides of a square, one side covering the bridge and country opposite, the other side covering the several roads and woods opposite. On the hill on the opposite side of the road stands a brick house, at which I placed 10 men, in command of a lieutenant, to operate in any direction, but principally to cover my men on the hill from attack in the woods opposite, commanding the house, &c.

About this time a squadron of cavalry arrived and reported to me. I ordered them over to the assistance of Colonel Kenly, I taking the opportunity of dispatching two of them (in case one should be captured) to bear the fact of our being attacked by large rebel forces, and with my idea of its being their intention to make Winchester that night.

Immediately at the junction of the rivers there is a rope-ferry and large boat-fording and the railroad bridge, and overlooking these important points is a very hid, rugged bluff, covered on its sides with wood. To this point I ordered Captain Lane, he being stationed at the railroad bridge, exposed to the fire of the enemy. My orders were given before the enemy appeared near the bridge for him to fall back, cross over the North River, and occupy the heights, placing his men under cover of the trees, and to command all points; but when the captain was about executing my orders Colonel Kenly ordered him back, at which time the enemy approached in large numbers and shot two of his men. He then fell back, by the orders of Colonel Kenly, Colonel Kenly now retreating safely over the bridges, and I now called in my men and formed in column in road, under the command of Colonel Kenly.

I would also mention that having full knowledge of the enemy crossing both rivers, right and left, to outflank our whole command, and of their presence at the Buckton Station, I posted pickets out both roads leading therefrom, but from my position on the hill saw by the dust

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

36 R R-VOL XII

