
here was terrible, as we were shown no mercy. Our infantry stood up to the work, and were most of them cut to pieces.

As near as I could estimate the enemy's forces they must have numbered between 8,000 and 10,000. The fighting was mostly done by the rebel cavalry. They had three pieces of artillery, but none of the shots fired did any damage to us. Our entire force of infantry, cavalry, and the section of artillery did not reach more than 900. I am not able to say how many of these we lost. Most of the officers were killed or taken prisoners, and I have heard of about 50 of the infantry privates. The cavalry nearly all escaped. i had 38 men in my section of artillery, and have but 12 that I can account for. The gun that I got away I brought within 5 miles of Winchester, and had to leave on the roadside, as the horses gave out.

I reported to Colonel Beal, of the Tenth Maine Volunteers, on my arrival at Winchester, and went out early in the morning with a company of cavalry, but could not get to it, the rebels having thrown their pickets 2 miles nearer the town. The limber I saved and afterward destroyed before leaving Winchester. We had used all our ammunition but about 60 rounds, nearly all of which was canister.

Respectfully, yours,

CHARLES A. ATWELL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Section Knap's Battery.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 9. Report of Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Linden, May 24.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Rectortown, Va., May 24, 1862.

Captain Gillingham's company, of the First Maryland, being attacked at Linden by 200 cavalry and two pieces of artillery, fell back into my lines at Markham, and is now at these headquarters; his men all safe.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant William W. Rowley, Twenty-eighth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, of operations May 24-25.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CAMP,Williamsport, Md., May 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with your orders, on Saturday, the 24th day of may, I packed all my luggage, camp and garrison equipage, into the wagons, and started them for Winchester early in the morning. I also, under orders, established signal stations

