
about 10.30 p. m. The First Maryland Cavalry, which had been doing duty at Winchester, was ordered early in the morning to escort the baggage train to the rear. After proceeding several miles on the road they received an order to return, and marched to the rear of the column, taking up a position in line of battle in fine order, thereby giving confidence to our right wing, which had become somewhat demoralized. The Maine, Vermont, and Michigan cavalry (the latter of Williams' division) are deserving of great praise for their steadiness in ranks in leaving the town of Winchester and upon the march.

I cannot with justice close the report without mentioning with praise Colonel De Forest, of the Fifth New York Cavalry, who by his energy saved a large train; Colonel Tompkins, of the First Vermont Cavalry, who brought Hampton's battery safely to Winchester; Captain Pratt, Fifth new York Cavalry, who, with his company (E), formed the special escort to Cothran's battery on the retreat from Winchester; Majors Davidson and Gardner, of the same regiment, and Lieutenant John D. Woodbury, of Cothran's battery, First New York Artillery. This last-named officer, by his coolness and judgment in the management of his guns, gained the well-deserved praise of all employed in covering the retreat of the army.

My personal staff, Captain John A. Judson, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieuts. James Lyon, Fourth New York Cavalry, and John W. Bennett, First Vermont Cavalry, are deserving of praise for their attention to duty and coolness under fire. Lieutenant Bennett was more particularly exposed, having on the 24th instant carried to the commanding general a message, literally cutting his way through the cavalry of the enemy, and escaping harm as by a miracle.

A report* of killed, wounded, and missing is inclosed with this, together with the detailed reports of the regimental commanders. I also inclose the reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt, Eighth New York Cavalry (dismounted), and of Major Vought, commanding cavalry, in the affair at Front Royal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major D. D. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Calvin S. Douty, First Maine Cavalry, of operations May 24.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIRST MAINE CAVALRY,Williamsport, Md., May 27, 1862.

GENERAL: On Saturday morning last I proceeded to Middletown, and left my baggage there according to orders. A detachment of cavalry with two pieces of artillery had just returned from a reconnaissance on the road leading across to the Winchester and Front Royal turnpike. They had seen nothing of the enemy. I immediately started across, and struck what I at first took to be their pickets, but afterward proved to be their advance guard. Shots were exchanged,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 553.

---------------

