
missing; H, 1 man missing; M, 33 men missing. It is impossible to tell how many of these were killed and wounded.* Probably some may yet come in who have escapade. Companies A, E and M lost nearly all their horses also.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. DOUTY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Maine Cavalry.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Wetschky, First Maryland Cavalry, of operations May 18-26.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MARYLAND CAVALRY,Camp near Williamsport, May 29, 1862.

SIR: Appended please find a report of the duty done by the battalion of cavalry under my command since arriving in this department:

The battalion left Camp Carroll, Md., at about 2 o'clock on Sunday morning, the 18th of May, and arrived at Winchester, Va., on Monday, the 19th, at about midday, and encamped about 1 1/2 miles south of Winchester in an open field. The companies were engaged as pickets on Thursday by order of Colonel Beal, commanding post at Winchester, two companies being posted-one on the road leading to Front Royal and the other on the road from Winchester toward Romney.

On Friday morning the entire battalion was under saddle, and during the day scoured the country from point to pint, with a view to ascertaining the whereabouts of the enemy's pickets.

On Saturday morning the battalion (which was still under saddle) was called to the pike leading from Winchester to Strasburg by a report reaching it that the enemy were approaching, and the wagon trains, which had started for Strasburg, rapidly-returning.

After proceeding about 6 miles on the pike toward Strasburg we met enemy's pickets or advance guard, and drove them back some 3 miles, taking from them or recapturing a hospital wagon, a wagon loaded with officers' goods, the enemy, however, cutting the traces and carrying off the horses that were attached. A team was procured from a farmer close by and the wagon sent into camp.

After returning to camp, and before time was had to unsaddle, the enemy's advance attacked a picket, under command of Captain Merritt, and a report reached us that Captain Merritt's company was cut to pieces. The battalion was marched about 2 miles on the Front Royal road and found the rumor incorrect. On returning to camp and before unsaddling the pickets came in and reported that the enemy's main body of cavalry was but a short distance from Winchester and advancing; great consternation among the teamsters, they flying rapidly toward winchester, numbers of them having upset and deserted the wagons under their charge.

The battalion marched down the Winchester road toward Strasburg,

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 553.

---------------

37 R R-VOL XII

