
Answer. Not being able to call to mind at present any particular cases of discrimination, I will answer that the aim of General McDowell was to protect Union men, and to take the property of rebels for the use of the army without paying for the same. I know two or three cases of Union men's property being taken, which was paid for on it being proven that they were really Union men. I remember also of one safeguard having been given to a Union man. Guards were given, when it was thought proper, to Union and rebel people.

Question by the COURT. State what divisions, brigades, regiments, and batteries composed the different commands of General McDowell, dating from the time of this assignment to a division in the Army of the Potomac, and the names of the officers commanding said divisions, brigades, and regiments.

Answer. I am not prepared to answer it now, but will endeavor to submit it at an early moment.

Question by the COURT. Do you know any other matter or thing relating to the conduct of General McDowell as a general officer, and tending to show that he headed any time been treacherous, inefficient, incapable, or unfaithful? And, if you do, state it fully, as though you were thereto particularly interrogated.

Answer. I do not.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was General McDowell's command whilst you were with him? Was it ever less than a corps?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was done by General McDowell to promote the efficiency of this troops-their mobility and their discipline?

Answer. By making timely calls upon the sub-commanders for reports, or returns, as to the state or condition of supplies of all kinds in possession of their respective commands, with a view to the procurement of any deficiencies in the same, and by ordering the chiefs of the supplying departments to take immediate measures to supply what was needed; by causing commanders of divisions to divest themselves or their troops of all unnecessary articles that would require more transportation than was deemed fit and proper, and by impressing upon them frequently the importance of reducing their trains before going into the field or on marches to the smallest possible limit. With respect to discipline, the issuing of orders and their enforcement, as far as possible, had his particular attention.

Question by General McDOWELL. Examine the records, and lay before the court the orders and instructions given by General McDowell for promoting the mobility of his army or any part of it.

Answer. I am unable to do it at present, but will submit it.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was done by General McDowell at Rectortown for the care and comfort of the men left from sickness when he arrived there on his march to Front Royal?

Answer. Finding a detachment of men left there, made up I suppose of different regiments or corps, uncared-for sick men, the general took especial pains personally to have their wants supplied and to rebuke the surgeon in charge for neglecting this important duty toward the men of his command.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was done by General McDowell in the case of several sick men ordered to Washington from Fredericksburg and who were not cared for by the surgeon in charge?

Answer. On ascertaining the fact he caused the subject to be inquired particularly into, and ordered the arrest and trial of the delinquent officer.

The court adjourned to meet December 2, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

