
march. His duties were pressing and critical, and always well performed. Second Lieutenant and Adjt. William M. Heazlit, and Lieutenant D. G. Maynard, adjutant of the Third Battalion, wee conspicuous for gallantry and good conduct. First Lieutenants Sprague, Alexander, and Duggan, and Second Lieutenant Snyder, commanding companies-officers all highly distinguished heretofore for good conduct-behaved admirably, and deserve high commendation for gallantry and soldier-like bearing. The notice of the general of division is especially called to the noble conduct of Dr. George K. Johnson, the accomplished surgeon of the regiment. When our train was attacked near Middletown on the march from Strasburg he made a most gallant effort to save it, and commanded in person, assisted by Sergt. A. D. Burdino, a portion of the guard, and a company of the Fifth Connecticut Infantry. The enemy were in force too strong, but it was only after a most determined struggle, in which the hospital steward was killed and several assistants wounded, that the hospital train was abandoned.

Our loss is, 1 officer wounded and prisoner; enlisted men killed, 10; wounded, 9; missing, 34. Total, 54; nearly one-fourth of the force of the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. F. BRODHEAD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 18. Report of Colonel Othneil De Forest, Fifth New York Cavalry, of operations May 24-27.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp near Williamsport, Md., May 29, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of my movements from noon of Saturday, the 24th, until evening of Tuesday, the 27th:

Leaving camp at Tom's Brook somewhat after noon on Saturday, the 24th, and moving toward Strasburg, I received orders on the way to order forward Hampton's battery and the First Vermont Cavalry, and to bring up the rear with the six companies (A, C, E, G, K, M) remaining with me, Companies B and D, under command of Major Vought, having gone to Front Royal to join Colonel Kenly on the 23rd, and Companies F, H, I and L having gone forward to Strasburg, under Major Gardner, according to previous instructions.

On the road I received instructions from yourself to destroy the Government stores in Strasburg. Halting my command at the south end of the village, I emptied the church of the ordnance stores and burned them, and then partly emptied the freight depot after loading a supply train of 13 wagons with clothing; but being pressed for time, I finally fired the depot, as well as a large outbuilding to the south, containing tents, and the various piles of tents, poles, &amp;c., lying near together, with some half-dozen vacant wall and A tents that were pitched close by.

Moving now to the summit of the hill north of Strasburg, I found that my own command, as well as a portion of the First Vermont Cavalry,

