
distance, when they were gain broken up by the sudden breaking of an infantry regiment upon the left, and the crossing of their front by a company of cavalry and section of artillery.

After this the column was not reformed. Part of the men went down the turnpike and the remainder took the railway. Adjutant Ford, of my command, after seeing all efforts to reform the command fruitless, attached himself as volunteer to Major Vought's battalion, Fifth New York Cavalry, and remained with it during the day. I continued along the pike looking up my men, directing them to fall in with the columns of infantry, and reached the Potomac about 9.30 o'clock p. m., and crossed to Williamsport at noon the following day, having, with some that crossed the previous night, 119 men, 2 staff

and 8 line officers.

I immediately dispatch an officer to harper's Ferry for the purpose of learning the situation of the four other companies guarding the railway and the whereabouts of the missing. He reports that as near as could be ascertained 137 of the force at Winchester and the four companies had reached that place safely.

The force at Winchester numbered as follows: Field officer, 1; staff officers, 2; line officers, 10; enlisted men, 279. Accounted for as follows: At this pint-field officer, 1; staff, 2; line, 8; enlisted men, 119, of whom 4 are wounded. At Harper's Ferry-line officer, 1; enlisted men, 135; known to have been killed, 2. Missing-line officer, 1; enlisted men, 23.

The line officer missing is Captain J. W. Dickinson, of Company C. He was last seen from one-half to three-quarters of a mile this side of Winchester, and as he was in ill-health, it is feared that he has fallen into the hands of the enemy.

I beg leave to say that the men wee under fire for the first time, conducted themselves creditably, and did not break their column until actuated to do so by force of example.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES R. BABBITT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighth New York Cavalry, Dismounted.

P. S.-The men were armed with Hall's carbines (unserviceable), and but a few were brought in. All that had sharps brought them in.

Captain JOHN A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Vermont Cavalry, of operations May 24-25.

CAVALRY BRIGADE, DEPARTMENT OF SHENANDOAH.

Williamsport, Md., May 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment on the 24th and 25th days of the present month:

May 24, having received orders through your office, at 12.30 o'clock on the morning of the 24th instant, to send my baggage and regimental and company property to the rear and to hold my regiment in rutinose to march at a moment's notice with one day's rations, orders were immediately given to carry out these instructions. Between the hours

