
TENTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, Washington, D. C., December 2, 1862.

* * * * * *

Colonel R. D. GOODWIN, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. The witness will examine the letter now handed to him, dated 68 Saint Mark's Place, New York, September 24, 1862, addressed to General Irvin McDowell, signed R. D. Goodwin, and say if he was the author of that letter. The witness examined the letter and said:

Answer. I presume it is. The letter is dated September 24, and is contained in the Sunday Mercury of September 28, 1862, and the letter was written on the 6th September. The editor of the paper changed it to the 24th.

The witness handed to the court a copy of the paper referred to, which letter is same as recorded in proceedings of sixth day.

The witness said:

I beg the court to take into consideration the fact that I have not had sleep for some time, and wish to take this letter and consider it. I don not feel in condition to testify. I feel somewhat nervous this morning, having been detained on the road on my way hither to attend this court. I feel willing, however, if the court insist upon it, to go Numbers In order, however, to do justice to all parties, and myself in particular, I ask until to-morrow to explain. I do not feel bright enough to go into a lengthy investigation. I will feel better to-morrow.

The court informed the witness that under the circumstances of the case his testimony would not be taken till to-morrow at 11 o'clock a. m.

General McDowell read to the court an extract from the proceedings of Congress of June 25, contained on page 2930 Congressional Globe, of June 27, as follows: (See appendix to this day's proceedings.)

Major DAVIS TILLSON, Maine Artillery, was duly sworn:

Question by General McDOWELL. What was your rank and where were you stationed in May, 1862?

Answer. I was captain of artillery, and stationed at least a portion of the month at Belle Plain, Va. I am not sure of exact dates; I may have been part of my time there and part of the time at Falmounth.

Question by General McDOWELL. What knowledge have you of a Mr. Hoffman, of Belle Plain, Stafford County, Virginia, and of his property, taken for the public service?

Answer. I recollect distinctly having seen a person of that name at Belle Plain, Va., who stated that he was the owner of the property in that vicinity, including two buildings containing corn. I recollect that he asked me repeatedly how he was to obtain payment for the corn, as it was being taken from these buildings by the quartermaster for the use of public animals; and that, further, I witnessed the removal of the corn from time to time until it all had been taken from the two buildings to which I refer.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far from the landing at Belle Plain was Mr. Hoffman's house?

Answer. I am unable to say. I do not recollect having been to his house or of having had it pointed out to me.

Question by General McDOWELL. What do you know of a clover field belonging to Mr. Hoffman used for Government cattle?

Answer. I recollect that some quarter of a mile beyond the encampment of my battery there was a fine field of clover and it was well fenced, and that soon after my

