
duties beyond the immediate command, was active and prompt in the discharge of all.

Captain H. M. Whittelsey, assistant quartermaster, in charge of the division train, was especially serviceable, attending to its order and rapid movement.

Lieutenant Augustine, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, division ordnance officer, very faithfully and untiringly discharged his responsible duties, bringing off most of his ordnance wagons under the very guns of the enemy.

Before concluding let me congratulate the major-general commanding on the successful withdrawal of an immense train of supplies and stores, protected by a small but gallant command, over a distance of nearly 70 miles of rebel territory, in the face of an active and overwhelming force of the enemy, prepared for and confident of its destruction, and entirely familiar with the field of operations and with the weakness and absence of supports of the command they were to encounter.

I inclose herewith a complete list* of the killed, wounded, and missing of the troops under my command, except, that of the First Maryland Regiment, detached on duty at Front Royal, from which no report has been received. Many of the reported missing will doubtless soon rejoin their colors.

I regret to notice that the veteran Colonel Murphy, of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment, and that gallant young officer Major Dwight, of the Second Massachusetts Regiment, are reported among the missing, and it is thought are in the hands of the rebels.

I cannot close this report without expressing a hope that the rumor relative to the death of that courteous and brave officer Colonel Kenly, of the First Maryland Regiment, will be found incorrect, and that, though a prisoner, he may still be spared for the future service of the Union.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier General Vols., Commanding First Div., Dept. of the Shenandoah.

Major D. D. PERKINS,

Chief of Staff and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23. Report of Captain William D. Wilkins, Assistant Adjutant-General, of operations May 25.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH,Williamsport, Md., May 29, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you a report of such parts of the engagement of the 25th instant, in front of Winchester, as fell under my observation while separated from yourself, while you were engaged in reforming the line of the Third Brigade after their repulse on the hill by a largely superior force of the enemy.

Perceiving a large number of stragglers passing through the head of the main street of the town I succeeded, pursuant to your orders, given just before leaving you, in rallying about three companies of the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers behind a low stone fence traversing the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 553.

---------------

