
arrival at Belle Plain this field was used to graze public animals until the field was completely exhausted. I think the field was afterward use for purposes of drilling.

I think I so used it myself.

Question by General McDOWELL. Have you ever formed an estimate, or can you now form an estimate, of the number of bushels of corn contained in the two houses you refer to?

Answer. I did not make the estimate and have never made it.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long were you stationed

at Belle Plain?

Answer. About a fortnight.

Question by the COURT. Had you knowledge of Special Orders, Numbers 68, a copy of which has been read to you this morning?

Answer. I had, so far as that portion of it referring to destruction of fences.

Question by the COURT. At what time had the corn in the barns been all taken away?

Answer. Some fiver or six days, I should say, before my battery was ordered to Falmouth-some time in May.

Question by the COURT. Do you know to what corn this special order of the 26th May is intended to apply? [The order was here shown the witness.]

Answer. I do not know to what particular quantity of corn the order referred.

Question by the COURT. How large was the estate occupied by Mr. Hoffman?

Answer. I have somewhat indistinct recollections of this telling me that it contained some three or four thousand acres. I know that he told me the number of acres, but I do not remember distinctly how many.

Question by the COURT. State, as far as you can from observation, how extensively it was fenced.

Answer. I only saw a comparatively small portion of the estate; that portion, however, was quite well fenced, being divided into several tracts, one of which was was large corn field. Perhaps some two hundred acres may have come under my observation.

Question by the COURT. Was Mr. Hoffman reported to be a Union man or a rebel?

Answer. He avowed himself to be entirely neutral. I can only say, to please the court, that among the soldiers-the only persons present-he had the reputation of being a rebel.

General McDowell here explained, at the suggestion of the court, what he proposed to prove on the subject of this order in connection with the testimony of the witness.

Question by the COURT. Have you knowledge that there were members of Mr. Hoffman's family on his estate, and servants; and, if so, how many persons were there in all?

Answer. I have no knowledge whatever as to the number of persons in his family.

Major CLARENCE BROWN, aide-de-camp, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. What is your rank and position in the military service?

Answer. I am major in the District of Columbia Militia and aide-de-cam to Major General McDowell.

Question by General McDOWELL. State what you recollect of a Mr. Hoffman, of Belle Plain, coming to see General McDowell in Mary last,

