
About 9 o'clock we went into camp, remaining until daylight, when our pickets came running in, and the enemy's artillery could be distinctly heard taking position on the left and two on the right, Lieutenant Woodbury taking charge of one, Lieutenant Winegar, who was sick and unfit for duty, the other. The enemy first opened on the right, and the left section opened on their infantry, which took a position behind a stone wall.

After pouring eight or ten shots with an enfilanding fire on their ranks the enemy replied with artillery. The other guns on the right now opened, but the enemy's fire was directed to the left, as the position was a galling one and exposed their flank constantly. The enemy now opened on the left and the firing became general. We changed position to protect the men and horses a number of times. The brigade on the right finally retired in good order under a heavy fire, as the enemy were completely flanking them in overwhelming numbers. The two sections on the right were ordered to fall back, but first gave them two rounds of canister each. As the enemy on the right were entering the town the order came on the left to retreat, just entering in time to escape the enemy's bullets, which flew in every direction. Women and citizens of the village were actively engaged firing at our forces as they passed through.

The fight became general, and it was with difficulty that we could prevent the infantry from loading our carriages down completely. Our battery was ordered to cover the retreat, and opened on the rebels from every advantageous position. Lieutenant Woodbury took charge of two guns, and number General Hatch ably sustained the reputation of the battery.

In the retreat every officer and man behaved with particular credit. I cannot forget to mention Lieutenants Woodbury, Winegar,and Hodgkins, the former especially, who has conducted himself with unparalleled bravery during the whole movement. Sergeant Weld saved his caisson at the risk of his life,five of his horses being shot down just about the time the enemy charged. Officers and men fought nobly, and I cannot speak too highly of those concerned when all acquitted themselves with so much credit.

The baggage and accouterments (excepting some harness) of the battery were all saved, as far as I can ascertain. Seven horses were killed and 7 wounded.

Most respectfully, yours,

J. H. PEABODY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company M, First Regiment N. Y. Arty.

Colonel GORDON,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 26. Report of Lieutenant J. Presley Fleming, Battery F, Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations May 24-25.

WILLIAMSPORT, MD., May 29, 1862.

I have the honor to report that after taking command of the battery we left the Valley turnpike and proceeded to Winchester by the Mid-

