
dle, or Dirt road, and after a forced march reached Winchester at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 25th instant. Shortly after our arrival our pickets were driven in, when I immediately placed the battery in readiness for action and awaited orders.

Owing to our late arrival and the tired and weary state of both men and horses I awaited daylight to report to headquarters. The enemy's operations commencing at such an early hour I immediately proceeded to place my guns in the best position my judgment indicated they were most needed, viz: I ordered one section, under command of Lieutenant Irish, on the right, in support of Colonel Gordon's command; the other section was posted in the center and on the right of the road, and also in support of Colonel Gordon, and continued in these positions during the action, with one exception, when the section under my command was ordered to the support of Colonel Donnelly, but was countermanded before the pieces were in battery. I immediately returned to my original position and resumed firing. The position of the troops of Colonel Gordon's brigade when returning was such that the action of this section was in a great manner retarded, but the section on the right was enabled to do most excellent execution at very short ranges.

during the action of the 5th we had 6 men wounded (by musket-balls), but none of them seriously; also 3 horses. One of the horses was left on the field. Our men are all doing well. We returned to this place, taking position in the rear, and doing such service as was ordered.

I am happy to state that my men are able and in readiness to try their mettle again, under your supervision, in any similar occasion you may see fit to place them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. PRESLEY FLEMING,

First Lieutenant.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS

Commanding First Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Franklin B. Crosby, Battery F, Fourt U. S. Artillery, of operations May 24-26.

CAMP OF LIGHT COMPANY F, FOURTH ARTILLERY,

Near Williamsport, Md., May 27, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions I would report the operations of this battery during the movement from Strasburg, Va., to this place. Before leaving Strasburgon Saturday morning one 12-pounder howitzer was detached,by orders received from General Hatch, to remain in the rear with the cavalry. This piece returned to the battery at Winchester on Sunday morning before the action commenced, with a loss of 1 private killed, its retreat being effected as the enemy were about to surround it. About 1 1/2 miles this side of Newtown, by order of Colonel Gordon, Lieutenant Cushing, in charge of his section, was sent to report to Colonel Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers in order to protect the rear of the column. He assisted in driving back the advancing rebel cavalry and infantry, which was accomplished without any loss to our men. This section also rejoined the battery early on Sunday morning.

