
expressed, and I am sure not by myself alone, was that our guns were not of greater range and could not be of more effective service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FRANKLIN B. CROSBY,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery, Commanding Co. F, Fourth Artillery.

Captain WILLIAM D. WILKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28. Report of Colonel Dudley Donnelly, Twenty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 24-25.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH,Williamsport, Md., May 29, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received from you, on the morning of the 24th of May instant, at 1 o'clock, the First Brigade, comprising the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, Twenty-eighth New York, and Fifth Connecticut Volunteers (the First Maryland being at Front Royal on detached service), and Best's battery of Fourth U. S. Artillery broke up their encampment at Round Hill and marched to Starsburg, at which place we halted for one hour. I was then directed, by Major-General Banks to march to Middletown on the road to Winchester, a large portion of our train having preceded us in that direction.

As the head of the column approached Middletown a portion of the train was met returning in great confusion and disorder, the guard reporting that they were attacked by the rebels in front. The trains were ordered by me to move into a field. The brigade advanced rapidly through the village, when a large body of the enemy's cavalry appeared on the right, half a mile distant, partially covered by woods. The brigade was halted, and two companies of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers were thrown forward as skirmishers, and a section of Battery M, First New York Artillery, supported by the Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel J. F. Knipe, were advanced in that direction. Five companies of the rebel cavalry appeared in an open field immediately in front of a piece of woods, and our artillery opened upon them. The enemy retired, after receiving a few well-directed, shots, to the woods in their rear. The skirmishers advanced and drove the enemy from the woods into and across another open field, where the artillery and the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers advanced and occupied the position. The artillery again opened upon them. Our line advanced, the rebels retreating, notwithstanding re-enforcements of cavalry were observed to join them.

At this point, having driven them back 2 miles from the pike, the troops engaged returned to the main road by your order, and our march was continued toward Winchester, the train following in the rear. When within 5 miles of Winchester I detached the Twenty-eighth New York Volunteers and a section of artillery to return to Middletown, by your order, to support General Hatch, an attack having been made in the rear of the train. With the remainder of the force under my command I marched forward, and, by your direction, took a position on the Front Royal road 1 mile from Winchester.

It being dark we could not select our position with care. The Forty--

