
mental Quartermaster Lieutenant Rice, since missing, and Adjutant Blake rendered me efficient service in the field.

I inclose my adjutant's report of killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

GEO. D. CHAPMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

Colonel D. DONNELLY,

28th N. Y. V., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 5th Army Corps.

Williamsport, Md.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel GEORGE L. Beal, Tenth Maine Infantry, of operations May 24-26.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Martinsburg, June 3, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with Special Orders, No.-, Headquarters First Brigade, First Division, Department of Shenandoah, Williamsport, Md., May 31, 1862 I have the honor to submit the following report:

In order to give a connected account of the events of Sunday and Monday, May 25 and 26, I must refer to the movements of my command on the 24th of May. Early in the morning of Saturday I posted Companies C and I as pickets on the Front Royal road, together with a detachment of Maryland Cavalry. The enemy made their appearance on the road about 10 o'clock p.m. 24th of May. Frequent skirmishes occurred during the night.

About 6 o'clock a.m. of Sunday the enemy advanced in force on our pickets and drove them in. The companies then repaired to their quarters. Soon after I gave orders for the regiment to be formed in line near the headquarters, and at 7.30 took up a line of march toward Martinsburg. Soon after leaving Winchester the enemy made their appearance in our rear and commenced throwing shell into our column. The first shell was fired at precisely 8 o'clock. This one exploded far above us and to our right. They soon obtained correct range, and the remainder fired fell into our line. Had they continued their firing they must have injured us severely. Here most of our casualties occurred. One man was mortally wounded and 3 others slightly.

We continued our march without further interruption from the enemy's fire. About 2 o'clock p.m. we reached Martinsburg. A short stop was here made, and then we pushed on to Williamsport, arriving there about 9 o'clock p.m. A portion of our troops crossed over but most of them, tired and jaded, remained on the Virginia side. Early in the morning we crossed over and occupied the quarters assigned us in Williamsport.

Our casualties are as follows: Six wounded and 77 missing. This number is being reduced daily.

I would here make especial mention of the valuable service rendered by Company I, under command of Captain Furbis, and Company C, commanded by Captain Jordan. The determined manner in which

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 553.

---------------

39 R R-VOL XII

