
they held the position assigned them no doubt kept the enemy at bay until morning, and prevented them from advancing on our troops until we had an opportunity to retreat. Had they pushed on in force during the night the consequence to our left wing must have been very serious.

A detachment of Maine cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Douty, covered our retreat in a handsome manner, and no doubt contributed in a great measure to our safety.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. BEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Maine Volunteers

Brigadier General S. W. CRAWFORD.

Numbers 31. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edwin F. Brown, Twenty-eighth New York Infantry, of operations May 24-25.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Camp near Williamsport, Md., May 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 25th instant the regiment under my command took up its position in line of battle on the extreme left of the brigade at about 4 o'clock. A brisk fire from the rebel batteries was soon opened upon us with shot and shell. Our ambulances immediately moved to the rear and the position of our regiment was somewhat altered. Immediately after this a strong column of infantry was seen advancing,and was when discovered within 200 yards of us.

At this time the Twenty-eighth was standing in line of battle directly behind a stone wall, and about 10 rods in rear of the Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, who were standing in column by companies, the men making coffee. A moment later the head of the column of rebels opened fire on the Twenty-eighth New York and a the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, not yet having seen the Fifth Connecticut, who were stationed on low ground. This fire we immediately returned over the heads of the Fifth Connecticut. We continued firing until the Fifth deployed in line of battle, when we immediately moved by our left flank some distance farther to the left, intending to occupy an orchard. We advanced for this purpose, so that the line of battle of the brigade was crescent-shaped, the Fifth Connecticut occupying the center, the Forty-sixth the right.

When the left of the regiment was within about 10 rods of the orchard the enemy were seen moving to their right, and at this short range we poured a volley from the left wing of the regiment with tremendous effect. At this time the fog and smoke were so dense as to make it impossible to see over a few rods. Captain Bush was ordered by Major Cook to advance a platoon as skirmishers on our left to find the enemy. While the skirmishers were advancing Private Bartram, acting as my orderly, being mounted, rode to the top of the hill behind which the rebel column had retreated. Owing to the smoke and fog he was unable to see them until within less than six rods. A volley was fired at him, and strange to say only one ball took effect, wounding the horse slightly. Bartram reported the enemy as no doubt trying to outflank us on the left wing (their right). The position of the regi-

