HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Williamsport, Md., May 29, 1862.

SIR: In addition to my former report of the battle at and retreat from Winchester I beg leave to submit this additional report of the skirmish with the rebel artillery and cavalry on the afternoon and evening of Saturday:

About 4 o'clock I received orders to counter-march and return to Newtown from near Kernstown and report to General Hatch. This we did cheerfully, accompanied by the Second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers and two sections of artillery, one of Best's and one of Cothran's, and the Twenty-seventh Indiana Regiment. Two companies (B and G), under command of Captain Bush, were deployed on the right as skirmishers, and two on the left (D and C), under command of Captain Bowen. When about 1 mile from Newtown a brisk firing of artillery was commenced by the rebels which was promptly responded to by ours. They (the rebels) were soon driven from their position, and retired beyond Newtown. We followed them up,and the rebels planted a battery about half a mile beyond the town. One section (Cothran's) too position on the right of the town, supported by Captain Bush and Captain Hardie, and one section on the left, supported by two companies of the Twenty-seventh Indiana. Captain Bowen extended his line of skirmishers nearly a mile on the left and discovered a body of cavalry in the woods, with whom they exchanged several shots. The cavalry concluded it better to keep proper distance, and retired. The main body remained in the town. The artillery practice was vigorously kept up till dusk, when we were ordered to retire toward Winchester. Our skirmishers were deployed as before, and we retired in column by platoon. As we passed the wagons which were disabled and the pontoons left in the highway, I detailed Lieutenant George Ellicott, Company F, and 10 men to burn and destroy them. This was successfully done, though frequent shots were exchanged.

We arrived safely at Winchester at 11 p.m., considerably wearied by our day's march, and at 4 o'clock on Sunday morning we took our position in line of battle, as per report previously sent forward.

Very respectfully submitted.

E. F. BROWN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-eighth Regiment New York Vols.

Colonel D. DONNELLY,

28th N. Y. Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., Dept. Shenandoah.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Joseph F. Knipe, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 24-26.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Adjutant's Office, Camp near Williamsport, Md., May 30, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In accordance with orders received at 3 o'clock a.m. Saturday, May 24, my command was immediately put in readiness to move, and, with the regimental train ahead, reached the turnpike leading to Strasburg at 4.30 o'clock a.m. So prompt were our movements that not time was taken to issue rations, and save a little hard bread, which a few of the men secured, their haversacks were entirely empty.

