
ing down upon Harper's Ferry. I believe this is an exaggeration, but I think the rebel force is large-that they have a large amount of artillery. It was this which defeated General Banks. We have no artillery here yet. Have 2,500 men.

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA. May 25, 1862.

(Received 6 p.m.)

General Banks cannot reach Harper's Ferry from Martinsburg. He had two lines of retreat-one to Harper's Ferry, one to Martinsburg. He took the latter. The most intelligent man I have seen, who was in the battle at Winchester, reports that General Banks' army fought for six hours and then retreated in great confusion-perfectly disorganized. Parts of companies have arrived here who ran away from his column . It is 19 miles from Winchester to Martinsburg, and 23 miles from here to Martinsburg, and 11 or 12 from Williamsport. His only chance is to go there. We could do nothing to assist him, as we could not ascertain line of retreat until it was too late. The whole force here does not amount to over 2,500 men, and 1,000 of these did not get ready to march before 12 o'clock to-day. I am anxiously looking for artillery.

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT..

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 25, 1862-6 p.m.

Brigadier-General SAXTON,

Harper's Ferry:

You will have before morning a large force of artillery with officers and artillerymen. Hold firm and keep calm. Mr. Watson is on the road with a train of artillery from here besides that from Baltimore.

EDWIN M. STANTON

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 25, 1862-6.50 p.m.

General SAXTON, Harper's Ferry:

One good six-gun battery, complete in its men and appointments, is now on its way to you from Baltimore. Eleven other guns, of different sorts, are on their way to you from here. Hope they will all reach you before morning. As you have but 2,500 men at Harper's Ferry, where are the rest which were in that vicinity and which we have sent forward? Have any of them been cut off?

A. LINCOLN.

