
ELEVENTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM,

Washington, D. C., December 3, 1862.

* * * * * *

The recorder stated to the court that the letter contained in the Sunday Mercury of September 28, 1862, presented the court by Colonel R. D. Goodwin as a true copy of a letter from himself, is correctly copied in the body of the record of the proceedings of the court on pages 31-35.

Colonel R. D. GOODWIN, a witness, was recalled.

Question by the COURT. In your letter you state concerning General McDowell that you have seen him under the influence of liquor both in the field and out. 1st. Have you so seen him? 2nd. If so, state fully and particularly when and where.

Answer. I believe I have so seen him. I have seen the general several times in various places. The times I have reference to-first, the first time I thought I noticed him under the influence of liquor was on Pennsylvania avenue, between Fourteenth and Thirteenth streets. We were walking in the same direction-toward Thirteenth street-and my attention was drawn toward him when he reached that portion of the Avenue where there is a kind of inclosure. The general had on an overcoat, which he usually wore in them days, his hand resting upon the hilt of the sword, and walking, not on the sidewalk, but partially toward the middle of the street. He was on foot. I made up my mind at the time of observation that he was certainly under the influence of liquor from the manner in which he was walking and his general appearance. This period I have reference to was previous to General McClellan's going with the army to Fairfax Court-House. It might have been a week; it may have been more; I did not charge my mind with the matter at the time.

Question by the COURT. In this connection state what were the manner and the appearance of General McDowell which gave you the impression that he was under the influence of liquor.

Answer. As I have stated before, I have seen the general at various times. I knew his appearance to be that of a gentleman of full habits, ruddy complexion, &amp;c., but I have never seen him in such a blooming appearance before. His manner of walking seemed to be that of a zigzag manner, apparently very much heated. I am in the habit of seeing parties in that condition, and as it was fashionable here in those days I did not take as much notice of it as I might have otherwise.

Question by the COURT. How near were you to General McDowell on the occasion referred to? State if you had any conversation with him at the time. State more fully the time and place.

Answer. The general passed on the right of me and got a little ahead of me before i noticed his presence; it might have probably been 8 or 10 feet before me, to the front and to the right of me. I did not have any conversation with the general. As regards the hour of the day I could not be positive. I think-I know it was in the afternoon, but what period of the afternoon I cannot readily state. My memory as to time and dates is rather treacherous. The next occasion was at Fairfax Court-House. I was there when General McClellan had a portion of his army there. I think, if my memory serves me, the day I have reference to might have been on the 12th, 13th, or 14th March. It was either the day before or the same day upon which General McClellan ordered a counter-march to Alexandria from that station. From that place I went up to see General McClellan, to have a conversation with him if I could. In front of his headquarters I met General McDowell. I advanced to speak with the general, when I again thought I discovered that he was under the influence of liquor, so much so that I myself felt bad at the time, and I recollect asking myself the question, What we could expect of our Army if they were to be led by such generals? I turned from him sorry and with a considerable degree of disgust. I did not speak with him. I went into the headquarters and did my business there-my errand. I came out. The general was still in front of the building. I did not choose to speak with him. I went on about my business. That is about the sum and substance of what I've got to say on those two points.

Question by the COURT. On this last occasion were there any other persons with you or with General McDowell?

