
MOOREFIELD, May 28, 1862.

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

The reasons for my being in Moorefield are, 1st, the point of your order was to relieve General Banks. At the time it was issued it was only known that he had been attacked at Front Royal. When my march, commenced I knew he had retreated from Winchester. 2nd. Of the different roads to Harrisonburg all but one, and that one leading southward, had been obstructed by the enemy, and if the loss of time by taking the only open road were no consideration, it was still a simple impossibility to march in that direction. My troops were utterly out of provisions. There was nothing whatever to be found in the country except a small quantity of fresh, beef, from the effects of which the troops were already suffering, and, in fact, all my men were only saved from starvation by taking the road to Petersburg, where they found five days' rations. With these we are now moving with the utmost celerity possible in whatever direction the enemy may be found.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862-1 p.m.

Major-General FREMONT, Moorefield:

The President directs you to halt at Moorefield and wait orders, unless you hear of the enemy being in the general direction of Romney, in which case you will move upon him. Acknowledge the receipt of this order and the hour it is received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CAMP TEN MILES EAST OF MOOREFIELD,

May 28, 1862-5 p.m.

Your two dispatches of this date reached me together here at 4.45 p.m. I am camped here, 10 miles east of Moorefield, at fork of roads leading, respectively, to Woodstock, Strasburg, and Winchester. Except Milroy, at Moorefield, my whole force is here. Scouting parties thrown forward to Wardensville. It being late and the men fatigued, I will remain in camp to-night and return to Moorefield in the morning, unless otherwise directed by you. Sent telegraph to Moorefield at 3.30 p.m., directing commanding officer at Romney to make cavalry reconnaissance 15 miles on road to Winchester. My courier will await answer.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862-4.50 p.m.

Major-General FREMONT, Moorefield:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Hamilton, at Harper's Ferry:

HARPER'S FERRY, May 28.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

There is very little doubt that Jackson's force is between Winchester and Charles-

