
town. His troops were too much fatigued to pursue Banks. A large body of rebel cavalry is near Charleston now. Jackson and Ewell were near Bunker Hill yesterday at noon. Of this last there is no doubt.

C. S. HAMILTON.

Brigadier-General.

The above probably indicates the true position of the enemy at this time. President directs you to move upon him by the best route you can.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR MOOREFIELD, May 28, 1862.

(Received 11 p.m.)

Your telegram conveying information from General Hamilton was received at 7 o'clock this evening. The President's order will be obeyed accordingly.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1862-11 p.m.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Moorefield:

The order to remain at Moorefield was based on the supposition that it would find you there. Upon subsequent information that the enemy were still operating in the vicinity of Winchester and Martinsburg you were directed to move against the enemy. The President now again directs you to move against the enemy without delay. Please acknowledge the receipt of this and the time received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War..

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1862-2 p.m.

Major-General FREMONT, Moorefield:

Dispatches from General Saxton, at Harper's Ferry, state as follows:*

HARPER'S FERRY, May 28.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have learned from a Union prisoner that my reconnoitering party captured at Charleston to-day that General Steuart is moving from Winchester to Point of Rocks, intending to cross there, move upon my rear, break up the line of railroad, and burn the bridge. I have sent 100 men to guard it. My troops are posted in strong positions, and unless they disgrace themselves they will hold it, provided the rear is safe.

R. SAXTON,

Brigadier-General..

This is all the information we have of the enemy's position. Banks is at Williamsport, having retreated from Winchester. Please acknowledge the receipt of this.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

---------------

*Copy of Saxton's dispatch sent also to McDowell.

---------------

