
Answer. There were no persons with me. I went alone. There were no officers present on the occasion that I could designate. I did not know a soul present except the general. There were other officers present. There might have been four or five persons. They were to the right of me-to right-hand side of the building as I was going up. Some four or five persons were there. The general was near enough to me to touch clothes.

Question by the COURT. Describe the manner and appearance of General McDowell which attracted you attention.

Answer. I do not know that I have the powers to describe-that I have to judge when I see a man under the influence of liquor-but I will describe as near as I can. He had a loose, unsteady appearance; his eyes dull. I caught his eye when I looked at him. He did not looks. In all he bore that appearance that is customary to a man under the influence of liquor. There seemed to be a laxity of the nervous system-rather a careless appearance. There seemed an unsteady gait as he sauntered around. I seen him pause and look vacant. I stood upon the steps of the buildings. I turned around and stood upon the step of the building for the purpose of observing. I here wish to state, Mr. President and gentleman, I am a friend to humanity, and it grieves me to have to say what I have said; but when I read the general's letter in the Herald I got up from the dinner table--

The witness was here interrupted by the court, which informed him that explanations of the kind were unnecessary, and would only tend to confuse and increase the length of the record.

Question by the COURT. Were you in Ellsworth's camp on the 3rd of July, 1861?

Answer. I have in my possession a pass from Colonel Heintzelman dated on that day, and on that day I visited that camp.

Question by the COURT. How long did you remain at that camp?

Answer. I cannot positively say, sir, how long-in the neighborhood of two hours.

Question by the COURT. Was that the occasion to which you refer in your letter, when you visited sick soldiers and heard their stories?

Answer. It was.

Question by the COURT. Had you any opportunity at that time to learn, of your own knowledge, what was the food allowed to the soldiers?

Answer. I think I had; I saw some of their food.

Question by the COURT. What did you see?

Answer. I saw some very hard-looking fat meat, that I would be very hungry to east it. I was shown a piece of cracker; I've pretty good teeth, but it would be a hard job for me to masticate; I think I tried it. I tasted of the water; it wasn't palatable to me. That is all the food that I understood they had.

Question by the COURT. Where did you see this food?

Answer. In the camp.

Question by the COURT. Did you know the person who exhibited it to you?

Answer. They were all strangers to me.

Question by the COURT. While you were there were you present at any delivery of rations to the men?

Answer. I was not.

Question by the COURT. Was the information-the knowledge rather-of the food furnished to the men, which you acquired at that time, wholly derived from complaints or statements made to you?

Answer. Yes, sir.

5 R R-VOL XII

