
P. S.-I have opened and read General Fremont's message and forwarded it, 12.30. General Bayard's brigade, I understand from the messenger, has joined General Fremont, and Hartsuff is on the way. General Shields, who advanced for Luray last night, has his whole division on the march to try and intercept Jackson up the valley.*

IRVIN McDOWELL.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Strasburg:

Major-General McDOWELL, Front Royal:

Your dispatches received. We are glad to hear you are so close on the enemy. McClellan beat the rebels badly near Richmond yesterday. The President tells me to say to you do not let the enemy escape from you. Major-General Sigel is advancing with two brigades from Harper's Ferry toward Winchester. Let us hear from you often.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Camp by Woodstock, Va., June 2, 1862-6 p. m.

The enemy was pressed by our advance this morning until about 10 o'clock, when he made a determined stand of an hour. He was attacked by about 1,000 cavalry, under General Bayard, 600 cavalry of my command, under Colonel Zagonyi, and Schirmer's and Buell's batteries, of General Stahel's brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Pilsen, aide-de-camp. He repeatedly, faced about, and was as often driven from his position during a running fight of four hours. Our force marched 18 miles in five hours. The pursuit was so rapid that it was impossible to get the infantry up before he reached for the night the heights beyond Woodstock.

His retreat was reckless. About 100 prisoners and 200 stand of arms were taken, and there are at least 1,000 stragglers in the woods along the road and country adjoining. Clothing, blankets, muskets, and sabers are strewn also upon the road.

We have a few killed and wounded. Among the hurt is Colonel Pilsen, though not seriously.

At their last stand the enemy lost 6 or 8 killed, and his loss during the day was undoubtedly considerable. With the infantry at hand we should have taken his guns.

At 4.45 p. m. General Stahel's brigade occupied Woodstock.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, Mount Jackson, June 4, 1862.

The pursuit of the enemy was continued to-day, and their rear again engaged. The rebels attempted to destroy all the bridges, and suc-

---------------

*Foregoing was telegraphed to Sigel, at Harper's Ferry, by Secretary of War, who added, "I hope no time will be lost in pushing forward to aid General Fremont."

---------------

