
having chosen his own position, forming a smaller circle than our own, and with his troops formed in masses. It consisted undoubtedly of Jackson's entire force. The battle began with heavy firing at 11 o'clock, and lasted with great obstinacy and violence until 4 in the afternoon. Some skirmishing and artillery firing continued from that time until dark. Our troops fought occasionally under the murderous fire of greatly superior numbers, the hottest of the small-arm fire being on the left wing, which was held by Stahel's brigade, consisting of five regiments. The bayonet and canister shot were used freely and with great effect by our men. Loss on both sides very great. Ours very heavy among the officers. A full report of those who distinguished themselves will be made without partiality. I desire to say that both officers and men behaved with splendid gallantry, and that the service of the artillery was especially admirable. We are encamped on the field of battle, which may be renewed at any moment.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, Port Republic, June 9, 1862-noon, via Martinsburg. (Received June 12, 8 a. m.)

There was no collision with the enemy after dark last night. This morning we resumed the march against him, entering the woods in battle order, his cavalry appearing on flanks.

General Blenker had the left, General Milroy the right, and General Schenck the center, with a reserve of General Stahel's brigade and General Bayard's. The enemy was found to be in full retreat on Port Republic, and our advance found his rear guard barely across the river and the bridge in flames. Our advance came in so suddenly that some of his officers remaining on this side escaped with the loss of their horses. A cannonading during the forenoon apprised us of an engagement, and I am informed here that General Jackson attacked General Shields this morning, and after a severe engagement drove him down the river and is now in pursuit. I have sent an officer with a detachment of cavalry to open communication with General Shields, and in mean time preparing to bridge the river, having no pontoon.

This morning detachments were occupied in searching the grounds covered by yesterday's action at Cross Keys for our remaining dead and wounded. I am not fully informed, but think 125 will cover our loss in killed and 500 in wounded. The enemy's loss we cannot clearly ascertain. He was engaged during the night in carrying off his dead and wounded in wagons. This morning upon our march upward of 200 of his dead were counted in one field, the greater part badly mutilated by cannon-shot. Many of his dead were also scattered through the woods, and many had been already buried. A number of prisoners had been taken during the pursuit.

I regret to have lost many good officers. General Stahel's brigade was in the hottest part of the field, which was the left wing from the beginning of the fight. The brigade lost in officers 5 killed and 17 wounded, and one of his regiments alone-the Eighth New York-has buried 65. The Garibaldi Guards, next after, suffered most severely,

