
and following this regiment the Forty-fifth New York, the Bucktail Rifles of General Bayard's, and General Milroy's brigade. One of the Bucktail companies has lost all its officers, commissioned and non-commissioned. The loss in General Schenck's brigade was less, although he inflicted severe loss on the enemy, principally by artillery fire. Of my staff I lost a good officer killed, Captain Nicolai Dunka. Many horses were killed in our batteries, which the enemy repeatedly attempted to take, but were repulsed by canister fire.

Generally I feel myself permitted to say that all our troops, by their endurance of this severe march and their splendid conduct in the battle, are entitled to the President's commendation. The officers throughout behaved with a gallantry and efficiency which require that I should make particular mention of them, and which I trust will receive the particular notice of the President. As soon as possible I will send a full report, but in this respect I am unable to make any more particular distinction than that pointed out in the description of the battle.

Respectfully,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, June 9, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT:

Halt at Harrisonburg, pursuing Jackson no farther. Get your force well in hand and stand on the defensive, guarding against a movement of the enemy either back toward Strasburg or toward Franklin, and await further orders, which will soon be sent you.

A. LINCOLN.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 10, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT, Harrisonburg:

The Secretary of War directs that you immediately order the cavalry force known as Bayard's cavalry brigade, with the artillery and battalion of Bucktail Rifles, heretofore under General McDowell, but now operating with you, to rejoin General McDowell's command, and to march to Luray and report to General Shields.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, Harrisonburg, Va., June 10, 1862. (Received June 12, 4 p. m.)

I my dispatch of yesterday I omitted to state that Colonel Cluseret's brigade, consisting of the Sixtieth Ohio and Eighth Virginia, afterward supported by the Garibaldi Guard, formed our advance, and commenced the battle of Cross Keys by sharp skirmishing at 9 o'clock in the morning. During the day they obtained possession of the enemy's ground, which was disputed foot by foot, and only withdrew at evening, when ordered to retire to a suitable position for the night. The skill and

