
necessitates that they have some days' rest and good and sufficient food. The demand made upon them in the pursuit of Jackson has exhausted them for the present, and they should be supported by fresh troops. At any hour they may be attacked by the enemy, now reported strongly re-enforced, and I ask that General Sigel be telegraphed to report to me with his force without delay. I respectfully suggest to the President that it may prove disastrous to separate the small corps now operating in this region. Consolidated, they could act offensively and efficiently against the enemy. I also suggest that General Shields may be attacked in his march eastward unless supported. My strength should be sufficient to enable me to occupy the Monterey passes and aid General Cox and Colonel Crook, against whom I think the enemy is likely to concentrate a superior force. I have asked for Sigel if possible. Banks also should come. A disaster now would have consequences difficult to remedy.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

WASHINGTON, June 12, 1862-11 a. m.

Major-General FREMONT:

Your dispatch of yesterday to the President has just been received. He directs me to say that Mount Jackson will serve the purpose he had in view as well as Harrisonburg, except that it does not so well guard against the enemy's operations toward Western Virginia. But if, in view of all the circumstances, you prefer the position of Mount Jackson, you will occupy it instead of Harrisonburg.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Mount Jackson, Va., June 12, 1862.

I arrived at this place to-day. My officers have been so much engaged with marching duties since the battle of the 8th, at Cross Keys, that full reports of that engagement have not been made to me. Still, wishing to give you a fuller account of that battle than that contained in my telegraphic dispatch, I make the following statement:

The forces under my command left Harrisonburg on the 8th instant, the advance consisting of the Eighth West Virginia and Sixtieth Ohio, being under the command of Colonel Cluseret, aide-de-camp, who was temporarily supported by the Thirty-ninth New York Volunteer Regiment of General Stahel's brigade.

At 9 a. m. the skirmishers of the advance discovered the enemy most advantageously posted in the woods at Cross Keys, on the road to Port Republic. A spirited bayonet charge was immediately made by the Garibaldi Guard, and his right driven back in some confusion. The main body of the army now coming up, General Stahel, commanding the First Brigade, of General Blenker's division, supported by the Third

42 R R-VOL XII

