HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, Mount Jackson, June 13, 1862.

I think General Shields' position at Luray very much exposed. If you will direct him to join me here I will cover his passage over the river. Jackson's force is reported to me by one of General Shields' officers this morning at 38,000.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President United States.

WASHINGTON, June 13, 1862.

Major-General FREMONT:

We cannot afford to keep your force and Banks' and McDowell's engaged in keeping Jackson south of Strasburg and Front Royal. You fought Jackson alone and worsted him. He can have no substantial re-enforcements so long as a battle is pending at Richmond. Surely you and Banks in supporting distance are capable of keeping him from returning to Winchester. But if Sigel be sent forward to you and McDowell (as he must be put to other work), Jackson will break through at Front Royal again. He is already on the right side of the Shenandoah to do it and on the wrong side of it to attack you. The orders already sent you and Banks place you and him in the proper positions for the work assigned you. Jackson cannot move his whole force on either of you before the other can learn of it and go to his assistance. He cannot divide his force, sending part against each of you, because he will be took weak for either. Please do as I directed in the order of the 8th and my dispatch of yesterday, the 12th, and neither you nor Banks will be overwhelmed by Jackson. By proper scout lookouts and beacons of smoke by day and fires by night you can always have timely notice of the enemy's approach. I know not as to you, but by some this has been too much neglected.

A. LINCOLN.

MOUNT JACKSON, June 13, 1862.

(Received June 14, 8.30 a. m.)

Your dispatch of yesterday received. Will you permit me to have put in running order the railroad from Strasburg to this place? For all reasons this is a military necessity and would be a great economy. The repairs mainly would consist in temporary trestle work in place of bridges destroyed.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 14, 1862-10 a. m.

Major-General FREMONT,

Mount Jackson:

You are authorized to put the railroad in running order, as requested in your telegram of yesterday, just received, in such manner as you

