
Question by the COURT. Did you see any attempt by the soldiers to purchase vegetables?

Answer. I did not, sir.

Question by the COURT. Was the information which you got on that subject derived from the same persons who showed to you the crackers and meat of which you have spoken?

Answer. No, sir.

Question by the COURT. From whom then did you get this information?

Answer. Several soldiers verified the fact.

Question by the COURT. Have you any personal knowledge that any soldier was complained of for plucking an ear of corn?

Answer. Nothing but from the statements made by those parties.

Question by the COURT. Have you any personal knowledge that General McDowell published an order to the rebels authorizing the shooting of any man who trespassed on the property of rebels?

Answer. I have not seen such an order; nothing but the same statement I got in the camp on that occasion. I've hear did talked of by others since.

The Court took a recess of five minutes.

Question by the COURT. Have you any personal knowledges that these same men referred to in your letter were shot at while on picket duty?

Answer. I have not seen them shot at.

Question by the COURT. Have you any personal knowledge of any orders by General McDowell not return fire upon the rebels?

Answer. I have seen no such orders, except what might appear in newspaper statements.

Question by the COURT. Did you inspect to see what provision was made for the health of General McDowell's troops?

Answer. On that occasion I did, as far as a man without authority could do. I have reference to the occasion when I passed two hours at Alexandria.

Question by the COURT. Are you able to communicate to the court the names of officers or men who can testify as to their knowledge of those facts referred to in your letter and about which you have now been interrogated?

Answer. I am able to give you the name of the leading party who conversed with me on that occasion-John A. Smith. I hold in my hand aa memorandum-book which I had with me on that occasion. I don't know where he resides, sir. He was one of Ellsworth's Zouaves-if I recollect aright, a sergeant. There were quite a crowd of them rallied around me in front of the main entrance of the camp. This was after I visited the tents and seen the sick soldiers lying there. They were in a very excited condition; stated they would not serve; seemed to be in a state of mutiny. I begged of them for God's sake to remember their duty to their country. They brought me forward and showed me the place they had been shot at-at [a] little distance from the camp, on the skirt of a ravine, near woods that were there. I have here the name of John Johnson.

Question by the COURT. Did you seed on that occasion an interview with any of the officers belonging to the regiment and did you procure it?

Answer. I did, sir. I asked only after the colonel. I found the colonel was absent from the camp. I did not see any other officer by request.

