
our skirmishers met the enemy suddenly again, concealed in a wheat field and protected by fences, as appears in the report of Major Hamm, in the strength of two regiments. Major Hamm, being in danger of being outflanked on the left and overpowered by the superior strength of the enemy, was forced to retire, which he did slowly. He then received orders from me to move to the left toward the woods to give the battery of Captain Wiedrich a full sway. This battery soon opened fire and did fearful execution. Before the battery was brought in action the Seventy-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to advance and relieve the Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. It had already the skirmishers deployed, when the order was given to fall back in a small ravine to give the artillery an opportunity to fire.

The Fifty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Kozlay, was ordered to the left to deploy in the woods. Captain Schirmer's battery on my right having already retired, he (Captain Schirmer) gave the command to Captain Wiedrich to retire also, against my positive order to remain. The battery then retired.

At this moment a battalion of the enemy deployed in line of battle on the hill opposite our position. The battery then came into action again, pouring grape shot into the line of the enemy, which forced him to retire. After few shots the battery was again ordered by Captain Schirmer to retire, which order was obeyed. Meanwhile the Fifty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers was ordered to the left into the woods ready to support part of the Seventy-fourth, which was on the extreme left deployed in line of skirmishers. After the battery had retired a retrograde movement of the Seventy-fifth and Fifty-fourth Regiments was visible. They retired slowly about 100 paces when they were ordered to a halt. The Fifty-fourth, being in front, was ordered to deploy at once, which order was executed in the woods (at J). A second regiment of the enemy appearing on the outskirts of the woods, the Fifty-fourth regiment opened fire. After a few shots the enemy retired and did not molest us any longer. General orders being given to fall back, the movement was executed in complete order by my entire command. From the report of Captain Schirmer, whose guns were supported by the Fifty-eighth Regiment, this regiment behaved with great gallantry, under the command of Colonel Krzyzanowski. During the action Captain P. T. Schopp, assistant adjutant-general, and my two aides-de-camp, Captain Yultman and Captain Chandler, as well as Quartermaster John Weih, were generally under fire and transmitted my orders with great promptitude.

[HENRY BOHLEN,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 43. Report of Captain Michael Wiedrich, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, of the battle of Cross Keys.

MOUNT JACKSON, June 12, 1862.

On arriving near the battle-field the Third Brigade, commanded by General Bohlen, formed in order of battle, with the battery in the center, which order was given by General Bohlen. After forming, the brigade advanced about half a mile, when the battery was ordered by General Blenker to break off from the road to the left in an open field. After

