
covered them against the fire of the enemy. I hardly stood there two minutes when I received orders to retreat after the Seventy-fifth Regiment, whom I had protected with my double columns against the advancing forces of the enemy.

I hardly marched with my regiment 40 paces when I met General Blenker alone riding through the column, and suggested to him that there is a regiment of the enemy whom we could take prisoners. He at once gave me orders not to retreat, but flank the regiment and proceed into the woods. By a flank movement I at once directed my regiment and marched into the woods, deployed the columns into a line of battle, and opened a severe fire upon the approaching enemy. This fire put the enemy into great confusion, and they gave up not only their object to flank us but began to run before our advance and fled on the other side of the open field. Seeing that the enemy was retreating, I gave directions at once to change direction to the right in order to inflict a more severe chastisement on them, but before I could accomplish this I received orders to withdraw, and I have retreated in good order and without the least confusion.

My officers and men behaved themselves, though exposed to severe fire of the enemy, admirably and bravely. I had in the engagement present 373 men (officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates), and had the misfortune to lose 2 brave soldiers, who were killed, and 3 wounded.* I beg also to state that through the engagement I received a great many conflicting orders, coming from staff officers unknown to me, which I disobeyed. I have also to report that by our fire we have also prevented two regiments of the enemy to advance upon our batteries, who were only stopped by our flank fire, and have suffered by it a considerable loss of lives, while my regiment was protected against the fire of the enemy in the woods, excepting about 100 paces where I had to cross the open field in my retreat. My men were unwilling to retreat, and I was the last who retreated, because i was not supported by other regiments. My men were eager to fight, and if not withdrawn the enemy would have been at this point repulsed. I was not followed by them. My flank fire stopped the enemy's advance.

I am, general, yours, most respectfully,

E. A. KOZLAY,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fourth Regiment New York Vols.

Brigadier General H. BOHLEN, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 45. Report of Colonel Wladimir Krzyzanowski, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, of the battle of Cross Keys.

HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH Regiment NEW YORK VOLS., Mount Jackson, June 12, 1862.

I have the honor to submit to you the following report in regard to the engagement of June 8:

After the arrival of my regiment near the field of battle to the left of the battery of the First Brigade, I received your orders to move to the right, when Brigadier-General Stahel asked me to come up to his assistance. I at once formed my regiment into line, being in column by division, and advanced to the place indicated by General Stahel. I was

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 664.

---------------

