
my two flank companies to relieve them, which left me only four companies, about 150 men in all, having previously detached two companies by order of General Bohlen for the support of Captain Wiedrich's battery. At the same time, in order to shelter the reserve from the galling fire which was being poured into us, I ordered them to fall back a few paces, to take advantage of the sloping ground until the moment for action should arrive. The enemy at this time making an attack to outflank us, we, in concert with the Fifty-fourth New York, were ordered to the left, to deploy in the woods.

The Fifty-fourth were in advance of us, and had opened their fire just as we arrived on the ground. At this moment our battery was obliged to retire from the attack of a force that deployed from the woods, which General Blenker led me to suppose were occupied by the Eighth New York, and before I was able to open fire I received the order to fall back. I deny totally that my regiment ran away, as charged by General Blenker, and will say for them that they behaved themselves worthy of a better opportunity.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours,

F. MAHLER,

Commanding Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

General H. BOHLEN, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 48. Report of Captain Hugh McDonald, Kane Rifle Battalion, of the battle of Cross Keys.

CAMP NEAR PORT REPUBLIC, June 9, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In obedience to orders I yesterday morning reported with my command to Brigadier-General Stahel, commanding First Brigade, General Blenker's division, and was by him detailed to support Captain Buell's battery of his brigade, and accordingly I accompanied it to the front, where one of our batteries had already engaged the enemy. After waiting for a short time under cover of a wood the rattle of small-arms in advance showed us where our infantry had engaged them, and directly we were ordered to cross the strip of woods on our right and engage the enemy. The movement was executed promptly, and immediately upon our emerging from the wood we attracted the attention of the enemy, who threw a few shot and shell at us, one of which struck Private John McElhaney, of Company C, inflicting a severe wound in the leg; another struck a member of Company A, Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers (which was deployed along a fence in advance of us), blowing him to fragments. Fortunately our course led us down into a ravine under cover, and another hollow at right angles with it enabled the battery to advance across the entire field and take up a position with their caissons well under cover. I placed my command in the first-mentioned hollow, and ordered the men to lie down, which was done in good order, but a few minutes' observation convinced me that I was too far to the right and too nearly in the range of our guns for safety. Accordingly I moved the command more to the left and down the hollow, and again ordered them to lie down. Most of the shells flew over us, but one burst right in our midst, wounding Private Edmond Debeck, of Company G, and tearing the pants of Lieutenant T. B. Winslow, of same company.

