
In the mean time the rattle of musketry steadily advancing toward our position told me that the enemy were gaining ground upon the other side of the wood, and presently orders came to fall back and bring off the battery. The Twenty-seventh formed in column by division and I formed in line of battle upon their left, in which positions we advanced into the wood at a double-quick, and owing to a high fence which we had to clamber over entered it in some confusion, the Twenty-seventh still on my right and the battery coming up on my left. We found it already occupied by the enemy, and received a volley, which killed 1 and wounded 5 of Company I, of my command. We immediately opened upon them, driving them out of the wood at the point of the bayonet. The battery also unlimbered two pieces and double-shotted them, but so eager were the men and so rapid the firing that I could not rally the men in time to allow the guns to play without endangering our own men. So soon as possible I rallied my command, and the Twenty-seventh having also retired in rear of the guns, we waited to give them a taste of grape, but the brush was too dense to allow us to see them, and we came on. Upon emerging from the wood we were opened upon by our own batteries, who had retired and taken up a position some distance in the rear. The prompt display of the flag of the Twenty-seventh Regiment soon put a stop to that, with the loss of one or two horses by the battery, and we came in bringing in our wounded.

Where all behaved so well it would be invidious to mention names, and hoping that we may always acquit ourselves as well in future, I have the honor to subscribe myself yours, respectfully,

HUGH McDONALD,

Captain, Commanding Kane Rifle Battalion.

Brigadier-General BAYARD, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 49. Reports of Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, of operations June 1-13.

CAMP AT HARRISONBURG, VA.

June 7, 1862.

MAJOR: I write for instructions. Am I to stay here? Am I to regard myself as belonging to General Fremont's army? If not, what am I to do?

Colonel Wyndham was ambuscaded yesterday. He was taken prisoner, the regimental colors lost, and 30 men, including Captains Shelmire, Clark, and Haines.

Colonel Kane had a fight with a regiment of infantry. He was wounded and taken prisoner; also Captains Taylor and Blanchard and Lieutenant Swayne wounded. He lost 25 men. The Bucktails fought splendidly.

We have had the advance ever since we have been here, and have taken about 300 prisoners and released about 40 of Banks' men. We are utterly used up, except Lieutenant Hall's Griffin guns and the Bucktails.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major SAMUEL BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

