
CAMP NEAR MANASSAS, VA., June 20, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, agreeably to General McDowell's order, on June 1 last I proceeded toward Strasburg, with a view of attacking Jackson's train as it passed. Instead of the train being protected by nothing but cavalry, as reported, heavy masses of infantry, artillery, and cavalry were all plainly discernible, drawn up in commanding positions around the town-a force so largely exceeding my own that an attack was utterly out of the question. The enemy threw a couple of shells at us, and just before dark I withdrew my forces from the Strasburg side of the Shenandoah and encamped. Colonel T. L. Kane, commanding the Bucktail Battalion, was posted so as to protect the railroad bridge across the river. I was that evening joined by Captain James A. Hall with four Griffin guns from General Ricketts' brigade.

The next morning early the town was reconnoitered by Lieutenant Colonels Karge and Kane, and finding it abandoned by the enemy, they moved in and occupied it. I moved through the town, and hearing that General Fremont was advancing I rode out and reported to him. He assigned me the advance, when I immediately pressed on to Colonel Wyndham's support, who was already pressing on toward the enemy. For the particulars of the pursuit I have the honor to refer you to the detailed reports of Colonel Jones and Lieutenant-Colonel Karge.

The brigade has seen hard service and the men have done well, and it will certainly require at least a week to again get men or horses in the condition they were three weeks ago.

Last Sunday, agreeably to your order, we moved from Mount Jackson to rejoin the forces of General McDowell's department, and arrived here on Thursday, June 19.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major SAMUEL BRECK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Rappahannock.

Numbers 50. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Karge, First New Jersey Cavalry, of operations June 2-13.

CAMP NEAR MOUNT JACKSON, VA., June 13, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the regiment and its operations, commencing June 2, until date:

June 2, immediately after reveille, I received your verbal orders (being then encamped 1 1/2 miles the other side of Strasburg) to proceed with one battalion of cavalry (about 200 men strong) to reconnoiter the immediate vicinity of Strasburg from an impending hill, quarter of a mile from the above-named place. I followed up your orders, and the result was that, finding no enemy in sight, I sent Lieutenant Sawyer, of Company D, with a platoon, to the town, deploying meantime my skirmish-

