
pike and hastening to a dense wood for protection. I formed my men, consisting of about 60 men, in a gully close to the left on the pike, having in my front a row of buildings, and still farther on a heavy timber. Colonel Wyndham joined me there with the rest of the regiment, and after a few minutes' delay we proceeded onward, following the pike. Colonel Wyndham put himself at the head of about 50 men, mostly belonging to Company D, and proceeded hastily into the woods, ordering me to follow with the remainder. In less than ten minutes I heard a sharp volley of musketry in my front, and shortly afterward straggling bodies of men were falling back on the road. I stopped and rallied them on the left of the road in the woods. In doing so the enemy opened fire upon us with its batteries, and I have to report the loss of a horse, which was shot under me by a shell bursting between the forelegs, shattering the former and cutting off entirely one of the hind legs; also lacerating his chest. Our own batteries had reached at this moment the ground and opened their fire, which silenced the enemy's.

Our loss amounted to 1 killed and 5 men severely wounded, besides several horses lost.

A drenching rain set in, with a heavy storm, and this ended the action of the day. The regiment encamped for the night on the other side of the woods in sight of the town of Woodstock.

Next morning we marched onward, passing Woodstock and Edenburg. At the latter place we found the bridges burned; had to ford the stream, which was accomplished without accident. Marched all day without encountering the enemy until we reached Mount Jackson. Two miles this side of Mount Jackson the regiment received your orders to advance, the First Pennsylvania Cavalry leading the van, in order to save the bridge over the Shenandoah, which was then on fire. We arrived just in time to behold the smoldering timber of the bridge, and the remains of a private of the First Pennsylvania, killed by a shell. The enemy was secreted, throwing occasionally shell, which did no further damage. The bridge being burned and the stream swollen by wash-out rains, we encamped on the banks, waiting for the construction of a pontoon-bridge, which, after a delay of forty-eight hours, was effected, and the army crossed over on Thursday, June 5. We proceeded about 7 miles and halted for encampment 1 mile beyond New Market.

Friday morning the march was resumed, and for the first time we advanced in proper battle array, the artillery and infantry in the center, following the pike, the cavalry on the flanks, toward Harrisonburg.

About 3 p. m. our advanced troops reached the former-mentioned place, and having placed our artillery in position so as to command the surrounding country, you gave orders both to Colonel Wyndham and myself to proceed with our regiment and a part of the Fourth New York Mounted Rifles, consisting of four companies, through the town, and take possession of such a position 1 1/4 miles beyond the town as would insure us a good reconnoitering point. Furthermore, you stated that if we should encounter cavalry to try to scatter it; but if infantry, to fall back. We succeeded in carrying out your orders without meeting any opposition, drew up our line on an eminence, and were waiting for further orders. Meantime reports came in from scouts that a body of the enemy's cavalry had formed on the other side of the woods right in front of us, and by their representations were urging strongly on Colonel Wyndham to pursue them. The colonel objected, but finally, through some unexplained reasons, he gave the order forward, and our wearied horses and men took up again the march, and onward we went, "waddling" through bottomless roads. We had proceeded about 3 1/4 miles,

