
that time said to be passing through the town. I immediately started, forded the Shenandoah, and came within sight of the town. The train of the enemy was in rear, but was very strongly guarded by a force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, vastly superior to the force at my disposal. I halted my men and reported the facts to you. In pursuance of your orders then received I recrossed the river and encamped about 1 mile from the ford.

The next day I again advanced on Strasburg; found the town deserted by the enemy and in possession of a portion of your brigade. By your order the pursuit of the enemy was at once commenced, the command being joined by a portion of the army under General Fremont. The enemy retreated southward by the turnpike, and shortly commenced throwing shell from batteries placed in a commanding position. By your command I took charge of the advance on the right, and pressed forward with a portion of my regiment, capturing many prisoners. The enemy retreated from point to point, making stands at all favorable positions to check our advance. The final stand for the day was made at Woodstock. At this point Captain Thomas, of Company M, dismounted his men, and, acting as infantry, attacked the enemy, and drove them from their position by a well-directed fire of carbines. Encamped at a point near Woodstock.

On the morning of the 3rd I took the advance and advanced through Woodstock. Found the bridges over the streams at that point destroyed. The ford at this point was in an exceedingly dangerous condition, but was passed after some delay without accident. I immediately formed my men and proceeded in pursuit of the retreating enemy, coming up to the cavalry at a point some miles from the ford, when a sharp skirmish ensued, the enemy driven under a battery of four guns placed in a position to command the advance. I halted for our artillery to come up; but before it arrived the enemy again retreated, sharply followed by my men. I led the advance with a portion of Companies L and M, under Captains Thomas and Sands, driving the enemy at full speed through the village of Mount Jackson, at which point we had the pleasure of hearing the shouts of quite a number of prisoners taken from General Banks and retaken at this point by our sudden advance. We drove the enemy to the bridge over the Shenandoah at this point, which they fired to check our advanced. When my advance appeared on the bluff above the bridge it was met by a violent fire from batteries placed on the other bank of the river, by which, I regret to say, Private Teagarden, of Company F, acting as my orderly, was killed at my side by a shell.

The day following we remained in camp.

On the morning of June 6 we again advanced, my regiment taking the right of the road, and on the evening of the second day arrived, without special incident, at Harrisonburg.

Shortly after we encamped we learned that the First New Jersey Regiment had been ambuscaded a few miles beyond the town and suffered some loss. We saddled up and proceeded with the Bucktails to reconnoiter the position of the enemy. In this advance the gallant Bucktails suffered loss, being attacked by an overwhelming force of the enemy. My men were under fire from a battery, but fortunately suffered no loss.

On the morning of the 8th we left Harrisonburg for Port Republic, but did not participate in the affair of that day.

On the morning of the 10th left Port Republic and returned to this place.

