
My men and horses are much jaded by the length and severity of the march, but I hope that a rest of a few days will restore them to their former high state of efficiency. The conduct of the officers and men that accompanied me is deserving of all praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OWEN JONES,

Colonel First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Brigadier-General BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 52. Reports of Major General James Shields, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Department of the Rappahannock, of operations May 30-June 9.

FRONT ROYAL, May 30, 1862.

GENERAL: The First Brigade of this division, General Kimball commanding, preceded by four companies of Rhode Island cavalry, under Major Nelson, entered this place at 11 o'clock this morning and drove out the enemy, consisting of the Eighth Louisiana and four companies of the Twelfth Georgia and a body of cavalry. Our loss is 8 killed, 5 wounded, and 1 missing, all of the Rhode Island cavalry. We captured 6 officers and 150 men. Among the officers captured are Captain Beckwith West, Forty-eighth Virginia; First Lieutenant Grinnell, Eighth Louisiana: Lieuts. J. W. Dixon and Waterman, Twelfth Georgia. We captured 18 of our troops taken by the enemy at this place a week ago; among whom are Major William D. Collins, First Vermont Cavalry; George H. Griffin, adjutant Fifth New York Cavalry; Lieutenant Dwyer, Fifth New York Cavalry, and Frederick C. Tarr, adjutant First Maryland Infantry. Captured a large amount of transportation, including 2 engines, 11 railroad cars, 5 wagons with teams, much quartermaster stores, and a quantity of small-arms recently captured from us have been recaptured. The loss of the enemy in killed is not yet known. The names of all prisoners captured and recaptured will be forwarded to-morrow.

Your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Front Royal, Va., May 31, 1862-11 p. m.

COLONEL: The Fourth Brigade of this division, General Carroll commanding, was pushed forward in the direction of the Winchester and Strasburg turnpike this afternoon for the purpose of making a reconnaissance. A considerable force of the enemy, consisting of a brigade of infantry, a large force of cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, were found in position in the vicinity of a turnpike about 6 miles from this place. When attempting to form they were briskly attacked by our troops, driven from their position, and pursued back in the direction of Winchester until darkness prevented further pursuit. They covered their retreat with their numerous cavalry, and we, having no cavalry,

