
were unable to make the pursuit effective. We succeeded in capturing 7 prisoners, one 10-pounder rifled gun, 12 wagons, and a number of horses and mules, and recapturing 6 men of the First Maryland Regiment, namely: John Corcoran, William T. Fowler, Edward Lockmond, Henry Roper, Thomas Mitchell, and Sergeant Uhler.

We lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded. The loss of the enemy we are as yet unable to ascertain.

Fremont's forces have not yet made their appearance. We are now running one of the engines saved from the flames yesterday by our troops.

The telegraph station is established 2 miles from this place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Front Royal, Va.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Columbia Bridge, June 8, 1862-7 p. m. (Received June 9, 4.30 a. m.)

COLONEL: A dispatch has this moment arrived from Colonel Carroll, commanding the advance of this division, stating that he moved forward to-day with some cavalry, infantry, and two pieces of

artillery of Port Republic, drove a small force of the enemy from

the bridge, and crossed the bridge in pursuit of this force. Three brigades of Jackson's army, covering at least three batteries, assailed them at once on both flanks. The cavalry fled the first fire; his two guns were captured, and he, with the residue of the brigade, is in full retreat on Conrad's Store, where he (Carroll) sent me the dispatch, no time being mentioned. It must have been this morning.

There is another brigade advancing to his support; and a third brigade moving forward at this time from this place to support them. The Fourth Brigade is still at Luray, awaiting the arrival of forces from Front Royal. I have sent information of this to General Fremont, who seems to be lying at Harrisonburg, urging him to attack them with all his force in their rear at once, while I am hurrying forward the others to maintain our position, and try to repulse the enemy. The general commanding will see at once the necessity of immediate action to recover this loss.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,JAS. SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff.

COLUMBIA BRIDGE, June 12, 1862-9 a. m.

COLONEL: We are now passing this place to Luray. There I must take a few days' rest to refit for the march to Catlett's. At Catlett's I hope to be within reach of ample supplies. I find that about half my command are barefoot and foot-sore. Hard bread and salt are indispensable to take us to Catlett's. Our men fought like devils. The

