
and made it more bloody, but could not have maintained the field. There is much to be regretted in this affair, but nothing which does not reflect honor upon the courage and conduct of the gallant troops engaged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. SHIELDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Rappahannock.

[Addenda.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose a nominal report of the killed and wounded in the engagement had by General Shields' division in the valley of Virginia last June. The report when received was incorrect and had to be returned, and when received back was overlooked.

With reference to the remark made by the general that the order to him to cease following the enemy and return to Luray was received just "as he had planned a combined attack with General Fremont, by which Jackson was to be annihilated," I have to say the order was given by me from the War Department by direction of the President, who at the same moment wrote a similar order to General Fremont, it being not considered expedient to continue the chase after Jackson up the valley, which could bring on nothing decisive for us, and it being greatly the desire of the President and myself that the forces under my command should as speedily as possible return to Fredericksburg to move on Richmond. Both the condition of General Shields' division and that of the roads and rivers, as represented by him, indicated anything than the success he anticipated.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]

FRONT ROYAL, June 9, 1862.

It being the intention of the President that the troops of this department be employed elsewhere, the major-general commanding directs that you cease all further pursuit and bring back all your division to Luray, and get ready for the march to Fredericksburg.

I send herewith a telegram in cipher to Major-General Fremont,* which I have been directed to inclose to you for transmittal to him.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel, Chief of Staff.

Major-General SHIELDS,

Commanding Division, Luray.

---------------

*See Lincoln to Fremont, p. 655.

---------------

44 R R-VOL XII

