
States during my stay in New York. There was one full company and fragments of others, as they came in. I had sworn in myself about 800 men. As far as I could organize it, it was. The way I understand it, sir, I would not think the regiment organized until it was entirely full. They were regularly mustered into the service be an order which reads as follows:

The witness read:

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 22, 1861.

Colonel R. D. GOODWIN,

Commanding President's Life Guard, Present:

SIR: Your regiment is accepted, and will be mustered in at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

By order of Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

And that I might go on toward completion I requested the President to assure me that my men should be accepted if I laid out any money.

The court authorized the payment of 83 per diem to clerk employed by the court.

The court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. December 4, 1862.

TWELFTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, Numbers 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET, Washington, D. C., December 4, 1862.

* * * * * *

Question by General McDOWELL. What organization had the regiment to which you have refereed; how many companies? What field officers, if any, besides yourself? Was any enrollment made? If so, was this enrollment by companies?

Answer. May it please this much respected court, previous to going into the cross-examination, believing I notice a disposition on the part of the gentlemen-General McDowell-to try and impeach my veracity and lessen me in my own estimation, if not that of the nation--

The court objected to the course which the reply of the witness taking as containing matter wholly irrelevant.

The witness continued: I simply ask the opportunity of asking a few questions-one or two-and offer a few remarks, that may expedite the proceedings of the court. I owe this to myself and do it in my own defense. I do not propose and address. I came here as an unwilling witness, and am fully aware of the grave charges I have made against the officer.

The court here informed the witness that he had the right to state his objection to any question, against answering which he is entitled to protection. The witness continued: I would ask the general if he means to impeach my veracity.

The court informed the witness that it did not see that the questions thus far propounded gave rise to the construction placed upon them by the witness.

The recorder again repeated the question.

Answer. On yesterday I stated there was one full company enrolled and mustered in by the regular United States officer, fully armed and equipped and uniformed, and provided for by the United States under me, and, by my authority as colonel, I appointed, I forget the first name-the surname-I think it was George W. Fisher; however, it was Fisher, as my lieutenant-colonel; also-Whitney as my major. George W. Fisher had been an officer in the service and Major Whitney had served as a colonel in the New Hampshire Militia. The post of adjutant remained vacant, as I wished to fill it by a very competent person.

