
within 1,800 yards of my selected position. I promptly replied, and the infantry fell in. I suggested to General Tyler to draw a sufficient infantry force to the left of Clark's battery in the road, because I saw the enemy pour into the same some distance above, fearing a flank movement. The enemy kept up a sharp artillery fire from two batteries. I brought three guns of Huntington's battery into position on the right of Clark's, and the rest of Clark's, under Lieutenant Baker, and two guns of Huntington's battery on our right near the river, to prevent a flank movement, which the enemy attempted. These guns did excellent execution, as they drove the enemy back with canister. The infantry support had not then come up. As soon as the infantry came our troops moved forward and captured one of the enemy's guns.

I now went to the left wing, and found two of Captain Huntington's battery horses had been killed by musket-fire. I earnestly entreated General Tyler to throw infantry into the woods, to clear them of the enemy. He answered me that he had only two regiments to do this, but they were placed in the wrong direction, and were insufficient to check the enemy's advance. The enemy's fire from the wood grew hotter, but Captain Clark succeeded in driving them back with canister, and I now demanded of General Tyler to increase and push forward some more infantry into the woods to the left of the guns, whereupon he rebuked me for asking or suggesting to him.

By General Tyler's order Lieutenant-Colonel Hayward was left in command of artillery on the left wing, and I went to the right wing to follow up our success there. The enemy then was in full retreat, and General Tyler recalled the infantry from the extreme left, stationed in the woods. Shortly afterward the enemy charged from the left flank through a ravine on which Captain Clark's guns could not bear, and they were captured. Seeing this, I ordered the guns of the right wing to fall quickly back, and took position within 200 yards of the captured battery and opened with canister upon them. That and the musketry of some infantry near by was too much for the enemy, and they retreated into the woods, and I again had possession of our lost guns, but for want of horses could not bring off more than one of Captain Clark's guns.

Captain Clark, Lieutenant Baker, and their non-commissioned officers and men stood manfully and bravely to their posts till the last. I could have saved some of Captain Huntington's guns, but his limbers had gone long before this to the rear, nor could I see Captain Huntington himself. The enemy now came in an overwhelming force upon us, and we retreated to the rear in tolerably good order. One of Captain Huntington's guns was carelessly left in the road, half way between the battle-ground and Conrad's Store. The axle-tree had been broken, and although I taught him (the captain) how to mend it, it was left to its fate. The gun was even unspiked, but Lieutenant-Colonel Shriber, acting inspector-general, spiked it and destroyed the carriage. In the same dishonorable manner Captain Huntington left his forge upon the field.

I cannot close my report without mentioning the names of a few brave officers and men who deserve to be rewarded for their personal valor: Captain Keily, aide-de-camp, stands at the head; Captain Clark, U. S. Army; Lieutenant Baker, First Sergt. C. F. Merkle, Musician Delmege, and Private John Martin, Company E, light artillery. Further, James M. Lambertson, N. Williams, William Merrill, William Ripkin, N. G. Conley, Company K, Seventh Regiment Indiana Infantry; J. Clark, Company I, Seventh Indiana; William Davis and John Hender-

