
son, Company F, Seventh Indiana Regiment; Thomas E. Smith and Corpl. Stephen Slain, Robinson's battery. These men assisted me in rescuing a gun on Saturday, with great perseverance, under the heavy fire of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Shriber rendered valuable service in his endeavors to rally and organize the retreat.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

P. DAUM,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

Captain PELOUZE, U. S. A.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Shields' Div., Dept. Rappahannock.

Numbers 55. Report of Captain Joseph C. Clark, Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Fort Republic.

CAMP NEAR LURAY, VA., June 11, 1862.

I have the honor to report the part taken by my battery in the battle near Port Republic on the 9th of June. Three of my Parrott guns, under my command, were placed by your direction on our extreme left in a rather contracted position, which, however, commanded the enemy's guns. The remainder of my battery, under First Lieutenant W. L. Baker, was posted on the extreme right of our position. In my rear and on the left flank woods approached within a few yards of my guns. Close to the flank was also a ravine, beyond which the ground rose rapidly, giving a plunging fire upon our guns if occupied by the enemy. Early in the action, while replying to the guns of the enemy, his riflemen appeared in the woods covering this high ground, and opened a sharp fire at short range upon the batteries of the left wing. This was replied to by my guns and one of Battery L, First Ohio, with canister, with such destructive effect as to drive them immediately from the position. Infantry skirmishers in the woods assisted in this repulse.

About an hour later a large force of the enemy suddenly charged through the ravine and down the wooded slope of the hills upon our guns. The thick undergrowth prevented our seeing them until they were quite near us. Our infantry having been principally if not entirely withdrawn from this point, we were unsupported at this critical moment, and it being impossible to bring the guns to bear upon the ravine in time to check the enemy's advance, my men, as well as those of the other guns, were compelled by an overwhelming force to fall back. Nearly all the horses and part of the men were immediately shot down. I afterward succeeded in recovering one of the three guns thus captured, but two were retained by the enemy.

The three guns of my battery under Lieutenant Baker, after engaging the enemy's guns on our right, were charged by the rebel infantry, but gallantly drove them back, assisted by our infantry supports and one gun of Battery H, First Ohio. These guns were shortly afterward ordered to fall back to support the left flank, which had been overpowered. I then took command of two of these guns, and succeeded in recovering one of those captured by the enemy.

I take pleasure in calling your attention to the coolness and fine conduct of First Lieutenant Baker under a galling fire; also to the gallant

