
Our loss is 8 killed, 7 wounded, and 1 missing, all of the New Hampshire cavalry. Among the killed is Captain William P. Ainsworth, of Troop M.

It affords me great pleasure to commend to you Major D. B. Nelson, of the New Hampshire cavalry, and the brave few who followed him in the gallant charge upon the enemy in overwhelming numbers.

I cannot speak if too high terms of the officers and men of my command for their fortitude and cheerfulness on a fatiguing march with short rations, and the readiness and determination exhibited by them to drive or capture the enemy without regard to his force.

With this I submit lists* of our killed and wounded, our friends recaptured, and of the enemy captured, and invoice of stores saved from the flames and taken from the enemy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 57. Report of Brigadier General Erastus B. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Port Republic.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Near Luray, Va., June 12, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your order to proceed to Waynesborough I left Columbia Bridge on the 7th instant, reaching Naked Creek the same day, going into camp under orders to march at 4 o'clock a. m. next day, that we might reach Port Republic at the time you indicated to me.

When within about 6 miles of the town I learned Acting Brigadier-General Carroll with the Fourth Brigade had engaged the enemy at or near the town. I immediately halted my train, clearing the road for the troops and artillery, and pressed forward to his support as rapidly as possible, reaching the position occupied by him-some 2 miles north of the town-at 2 o'clock p. m. 8th instant. The position was selected by Colonel Daum, I understood, as the only tenable one in that vicinity. From that officer I learned the enemy had eighteen pieces of artillery planted so as to completely command all the approaches to the town, and from the engagement with General Carroll that morning had obtained the range of the different points.

Immediately on the arrival of my command Colonel Daum urged an attack with the combined forces of infantry and artillery, to which I so far consented as to order the infantry into position under cover of a thick wood which skirted the road, and commenced observing the enemy's position myself, which appeared to me one to defy an army of 50,000 men. I at once for Colonel Carroll, Lieutenant-Colonel Shriber, Captains Clark and Robinson, who had been over the ground, they all agreeing in the opinion that an attack would result in the destruction of our little force.

About this time your order to commandant of post at Port Republic

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

