
reports of the several regiments accompanying this paper. The loss of the enemy must have been very heavy; the grape and canister from our batteries and the fire of our musketry moved them down like grass before a well-served scythe, and the fact of their heavy force retiring before us in an evidence that they suffered severely.

Aide-de-Camp Eaton was the only officer of my own staff present. Captain Quay being too ill to take the field, Chaplain D. C. Wright, of the Seventh Ohio, volunteered to serve me. The duties these gentlemen were called upon to perform were arduous, and led them almost constantly under fire of the enemy, yet they executed their duties with commendable coolness and energy, meriting my warmest thanks.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Third Brigade, Shields' Division.

General JAMES SHIELDS,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 58. Report of Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of engagement at Port Republic.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, SHIELDS' DIVISION, Luray, Va., June 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

In accordance with orders from the general commanding the division I reached the vicinity of Port Republic about 6 a. m. on Sunday, the 8th instant, with about 150 of the First Virginia Cavalry and four pieces of Battery L, First Ohio Artillery. I found the enemy's train parked on the other side of the North Branch of the Shenandoah, with a large quantity of beef cattle herded near by, and the town held by a small force of cavalry only. I chose the most commanding position I could find, about half a mile from the bridge, and planted there two pieces of artillery to command the ends of the same. I then ordered Major Chamberlain, commanding the cavalry, to rush down and take possession of the bridge.

Finding that he had been injured by a fall from his horse, that his command in consequence were in confusion, and hesitated as they came to the South River, and that a body of the enemy's cavalry were assembling at this end of the bridge, giving me fears that they would fire it, I ordered the artillery to open fire upon them, and sent Captain Goodrich to urge the cavalry forward immediately, which he did, and took possession of the bridge, driving part of the enemy's cavalry across it and part of them out of town by the road leading to the left.

I then went into town myself, and took with me two pieces of artillery, one of which I planted at the end of the bridge and the other at the corner of the street commanding the road by which part of the enemy's cavalry had fled. While occupying a position between these, and devising some method by which I could hold the town until my infantry should come up, I suddenly perceived the enemy's infantry emerging from the woods a short distance from the bridge and dashing down upon it at a run in considerable force. As soon as my cavalry, which was now under charge of its own officers, perceived them, they broke and ran in every direction by which they could secure a retreat.

