
Seeing that I could not hold that position, I ordered the two pieces of artillery to be withdrawn. The enemy's infantry fired so heavily into the limber-horses of the piece at the bridge that they ran away with the limber, and that piece had to be abandoned. The other piece was brought away from its position by Captain Robinson, but instead of taking the road he followed by mistake some of flying cavalry into the woods, and not being able to extricate it, concealed and abandoned it. In the mean time my infantry had almost reached the position where I had left the two pieces of artillery planted, and they were opened upon by eighteen pieces of the enemy's artillery from the hills upon the opposite side of the river, and partially catching the contagion from the panic-stricken cavalry were retreating amid a heavy shower of shot and shell. The two pieces which I had left upon the hill, superintended by Captain Keily, had been withdrawn from their position, and one of them abandoned in the mud by its cannoneers. The other was also abandoned, with the pole of the limber broken. By the indomitable energy and courage of Colonel Daum and Captain Keily those pieces were saved, and I managed to fall back with my force to a better position without range of the enemy's artillery. At this juncture General Tyler, with his brigade, joined me. After that the enemy made no further attack upon us.

Our loss this day in killed, wounded, and missing was as follows: Seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers, 8 killed; 2 captains, 1 lieutenant, and 27 men wounded; Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, 1 killed; 1 lieutenant missing. Total loss, 40. Battery L lost two pieces and limbers and fourteen horses.

Too great credit cannot be given to Captain Robinson and Lieutenant Robinson for the noble manner in which they stuck to their pieces after they were deserted by their cavalry support. The latter gallant young officer was either killed or taken prisoner while endeavoring to save his piece.

Early on the morning of the 9th Colonel Daum urged upon General Tyler, under cover of the fog, to move down and destroy the bridge. I rode forward with General Tyler and showed him the impracticability of such a proceeding, and told him that if we could effect a retreat from our present position without disaster we would be doing as well as I could expect. Immediately upon our return the enemy's infantry and cavalry in considerable force were observed passing into the woods opposite our batteries upon the left, and at the same time they opened upon us with a battery near that point.

I then again urged upon General Tyler the necessity of immediately organizing for an orderly retreat, and upon his non-compliance with the same, at my suggestion two regiments from my brigade and two companies from the Third Brigade were sent into the woods upon the left to meet the advancing force above mentioned. At this time Colonel Daum ordered Lieutenant Baker, of Captain Clark's battery, with two pieces, into a wheat field upon our right, whereupon several regiments of the enemy's infantry were observed advancing toward them along the bank of the river. Colonel Gavin, Seventh Indiana Volunteers, was sent to oppose them. At General Tyler's request I took command of the right. Before leaving to do so, however, I impressed upon him the necessity of sustaining the batteries upon our left.

The enemy advanced upon the right in force, and Colonel Gavin was compelled to fall back. I ordered Lieutenant Baker to pour grape and canister into them, which he did with great effect. I sent to General Tyler, requesting assistance upon the right if he could spare it, and he

