
Numbers 59. Reports of Lieutenant General Thomas J. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding the Valley District, of operations May 14 - June 17, with congratulatory orders.

WINCHESTER, May 26, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

During the last three days God has blessed our arms with brilliant success. On Friday the Federals at Front Royal were routed, and one section of artillery, in addition to many prisoners, captured. On Saturday Banks' main column, while retreating from Strasburg to Winchester, was pierced, the rear part retreating toward Strasburg. On Sunday the other part was routed at this place. At last accounts Brigadier General George H. Steuart was pursuing with cavalry and artillery and capturing the fugitives. A large amount of medical, ordnance, and other stores have fallen into our hands.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I returned to McDowell on May 14 from the pursuit of Generals Milroy and Schenck toward Franklin.

On the following day I crossed the Shenandoah Mountain, and encamped that night near the Lebanon White Sulphur Springs. Here the troops were halted for a short rest after their fatiguing marches, to enable them to attend divine service and to observe the fast recommended by the proclamation of the President of the Confederate States.

On the 17th the march was resumed toward Harrisonburg. In the mean time, while the pursuit of the Federal troops west of the Shenandoah Mountain was in progress, General Banks had fallen back to Strasburg, which position it was understood he was fortifying. We moved from Harrisonburg down the Valley turnpike to New Market, in the vicinity of which a junction was effected with Ewell's division, which had marched from Elk Run Valley. Leaving the Valley turnpike at New Market we moved via Luray toward Front Royal, with the hope of being able to capture or disperse the garrison at the latter place and get in the rear of Banks or compel him to abandon his fortifications at Strasburg.

To conceal my movements as far as possible from the enemy, Brigadier-General Ashby, who had remained in front of Banks during the march against Milroy, was directed to continue to hold that position until the following day, when he was to join the main body, leaving, however, a covering force sufficient to prevent information of our movements crossing our lines.

My command at this time embraced Ashby's cavalry; the First Brigade, under General Winder; the Second Brigade, Colonel Campbell commanding; the Third Brigade, Colonel Fulkerson commanding; the troops recently under command of Brigadier General Edward Johnson; and the division of General Ewell, comprising the brigades of Generals Elzey, Taylor, Trimble; and the Maryland Line, consisting of the First Maryland Regiment and Brockenbrough's battery, under Brigadier General

