
tured by the enemy, through the energy and vigilance of Captain Cole, assistant quartermaster Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment, fired, with the depot and buildings in which they were stored, and destroyed.

Early on the morning of the 31st the Twenty-first Virginia Regiment (Colonel Cunningham commanding) left Winchester in charge of some 2,300 Federal prisoners and moved up the valley toward Staunton. It was followed by the other troops then near Winchester, which at that time embraced all my command except that part which had been left with Winder. The command encamped that night near Strasburg.

On the following morning General Fremont, who was approaching by way of Wardensville, attacked my outpost in that direction. As it was necessary for me to maintain my position at Strasburg until Winder should arrive with his command, General Ewell was ordered, with his division, to hold Fremont in check. Other troops were subsequently sent to his support, and after a spirited resistance the enemy's advance fell back a short distance.

Toward evening Winder arrived, part of his brigade (the Second Virginia Regiment) having in one day marched 36 miles. The command being again united, the retreat was resumed toward Harrisonburg.

The public property captured in this expedition at Front Royal, Winchester, Martinsburg, and Charlestown was of great value, and so large in quantity that much of it had to be abandoned for want of necessary means of transportation. Major Harman, my chief quartermaster, had but one week within which to remove it, and, although his efforts were characterized by his usual energy, promptitude, and judgment, all the conveyances that within that short period could be hired or impressed were inadequate to the work. The medical stores, which filled one of the largest store-houses in Winchester, were fortunately saved. Most of the instruments and some of the medicines, urgently needed at that time by the command, were issued to the surgeons; the residue was sent to Charlottesville and turned over to a medical purveyor. Two large and well-furnished hospitals, capable of accommodating some 700 patients, were found in the town and left undisturbed, with all their stores, for the use of the sick and wounded of the enemy.

Commissary supplies, consisting of upward of 100 head of cattle, 34,000 pounds of bacon, flour, salt, sugar, coffee, hard bread, and cheese, were turned over to the proper officers, besides large amounts taken by the troops and not accounted for. Sutler's stores valued at $25,000, and for want of transportation abandoned to the troops, were captured. Quartermaster's stores to the value of $125,185 were secured, besides an immense amount destroyed. Many horses were taken by the cavalry. Among the ordnance stores taken and removed in safety were 9,354 small-arms and two pieces of artillery and their caissons.

The official reports of the casualties of my command during this expedition, including the engagements at Front Royal and Winchester, show a list of 68 killed and 329 wounded, with 3 missing, making a total loss of 400.

In addition to the prisoners in Colonel Cunningham's charge there were found in the hospitals at Winchester about 700 sick and wounded of the enemy, and at Strasburg some 50, making the total number who fell into our hands about 3,050. Those left in the hospitals were paroled. Eight Federal surgeons, attending the sick and wounded at

