
Winchester, were at first held as prisoners of war, though paroled, and the next day unconditionally released.

While I have had to speak of some of our troops in disparaging terms, yet it is my gratifying privilege to say of the main body of the army that its officers and men acted in a manner worthy of the great cause for which they were contending; and to add that, so far as my knowledge extends, the battle at Winchester was on our part a battle without a straggler.

Colonel S. Crutchfield, chief of artillery, discharged his duties to my entire satisfaction.

For the prompt transmitting of orders my thanks are due to Major R. L. Dabney, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant A. S. Pendleton, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant H. K. Douglas, acting assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant J. K. Boswell, chief engineer. Dr. H. Black, acting medical director, discharged his duties well.

The commissary and quartermaster's departments were efficiently managed during the expedition by their respective chiefs, Majs. J. A. Harman and W. J. Hawks. My thanks are also due to Second Lieutenant R. K. Meade, acting chief of ordnance. Second Lieutenant J. M. Garnett, General Winder's ordnance officer, rendered valuable service in removing the captured ordnance from Winchester.

For further particulars respecting the conduct of officers and men and the detail movement of troops I would respectfully call your attention to the accompanying reports of other officers.

Accompanying this report are two maps,* by Mr. J. Hotchkiss - one giving the route pursued by the army form Franklin, Pendleton County, Virginia, to Winchester, and during the pursuit of the enemy; the other is a map of the battle-field.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Actg. Adjt. and Insp. General, Hdqrs. Dept of N. Virginia.

[Inclosure.]

---,

-----

---, 1862.

On Sunday, May 25, after the enemy was driven out of Winchester, the pursuit had been carried on with infantry and artillery for some 3 miles toward Martinsburg, when I was directed by General Jackson to find the cavalry, under Brigadier General G. H. Steuart, and send them on at once rapidly, in order that the enemy might be pressed with vigor. This was about 10 o'clock in the morning. I rode rapidly to Winchester, and failing to ascertain the whereabouts of the cavalry by inquiry, I determined to go to Major-General Ewell, on the east of Winchester, under whose immediate command General Steuart was acting.

I found the cavalry some 2 1/2 miles from Winchester, on the Berryville road, with the men dismounted and the horses grazing quietly in a clover field. Not seeing General Steuart, I have the order direct to the colonels of the regiments to mount and go rapidly forwarded to join General Jackson on the Martinsburg turnpike.

Colonel Flournoy, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, the senior colonel, requested me to ride on and overtake General Steuart and communicate the order to him, as he had directed them to await him there. Going

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

