
Answer. You valued in the roadway, sir, as long as I saw you at that time.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far from the sidewalk?

Answer. It might have been-if you recollect at that point there is a street diverging; from that there is a flagging which crosses the converging point. It might have been 6, 8, or 10 feet south of the north side of the Pennsylvania avenue, or where pedestrians walk.

Question by General McDOWELL. How near was he to Fourteenth street when you first saw him?

Answer. I can't erectly say how far.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where were you at the time you first saw General McDowell on that occasion?

Answer. I was walking on the avenue.

Question by General McDOWELL. What particular part of the Avenue?

Answer. Just at the converging point there the Avenue. I think it was E street. I took the course toward E street.

Question by General McDOWELL. How far up the Avenue toward E street did you walk, having, as you have stated, General McDowell to the front and right of you?

Answer. I walked toward the junction of these two streets. I took E street and he went on the Avenue.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long did you have General McDowell in sight when you went up E street and he went up the avenue?

Answer. Not but a very short time. I did not turn my attention toward him after we separated.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you speak to him?

Answer. I never spoke to the general in my life until in the court.

Question by General McDOWEL. Did speak to you or to any one at the time you saw him?

Answer. No, sir; not that I see.

Question by General McDOWELL. What object did the general seem to have in view at the time he was walking up the Avenue? Were there any persons in the Avenue near him either on foot or on horseback.

Answer. I am sure I could not tell you what his object was; there was people around as usual-nothing remarkable-nothing that I remarked, except himself.

Question by the COURT. To what letter do you refer as having read it in the Herald and as being defiant, and which you think was on the 6th of September?

Answer. The letter purporting to come from General McDowell, addressed to the President of the United States.

Question by the COURT. When you first observed General McDowell, and thought him under the influence of liquor, do you mean to be understood that he was near the crossing over E street?

Answer. Well, he took the Avant direct. I took the Avenue direct to the crossing over E street. It was near to the crossing.

Question by the COURT. Can you state the month in which this occurred?

Answer. Yes; it must have either been the commencement of March or the latter part of February.

