
some half a mile farther, I overtook General Steuart, and directed him, by General Jackson's order, to move as rapidly as possible to join him on the Martinsburg turnpike and carry on the pursuit of the enemy with vigor. He replied that he was under command of General Ewell and the order must come through him. I answered that the order from General Jackson for him to go to join him (General Jackson) was peremptory and immediate, and that I would go forward and inform General Ewell that the cavalry was sent off. I left him, and went on some 2 miles and communicated with General Ewell, who seemed surprised that General Steuart had not gone immediately upon receipt of the order.

Returning about a mile, I found that, instead of taking the cavalry, General Steuart had ridden slowly after me toward General Ewell. I told him I had seen General Ewell and brought the order from him for the cavalry to go to General Jackson. This satisfied him. He rode back to his command, had them mounted and formed, and moved off toward Stephenson's Depot.

Respectfully,

A. S. PENDLETON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 58. Richmond, May 29, 1862.

The commanding general has the satisfaction to announce to the army another brilliant success won by the skill and courage of our generals ant troops in the valley.

The combined divisions of Major-Generals Jackson and Ewell, commanded by the former and constituting a part of this army, after a long, arduous, and rapid march, attacked and routed the Federal forces under Major-General Banks successively at Front Royal, Middleburg, and Winchester, taking several thousands of prisoners and an immense quantity of ammunition and stores off all descriptions. The Federal Army has been dispersed and driven ignominiously from the valley of Shenandoah, and those who have freed the loyal citizens of that district by their patriotic valor have again earned, as they will receive, the thanks of a grateful country.

In making this glorious announcement on the eve of the desperate struggle about to ensue the commanding general does not deem it necessary to invoke the troops of this army to emulate the deeds of their noble comrades in the valley. He feels already assured of their determined purpose to make illustrious in history the part they are soon to act in the impending drama.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROWN'S GAP, VA., June 11, 1862.

MAJOR: On the 8th instant an attack was made on me early in the morning from the east side of the river at Port Republic by troops of Shields' command. This was soon repulsed.

During the same morning, but subsequently, Fremont approached

