
While the forces of Shields were in full retreat and our troops in pursuit Fremont appeared on the opposite bank of the South Fork of the Shenandoah with his army, and opened his artillery upon our ambulances and parties engaged in the humane labors of attending to our dead and wounded and the dead and wounded of the enemy.

The next day withdrawing his forces, he retreated down the valley.

On the morning of the 12th, Munford entered Harrisonburg, where, in addition to wagons, medical stores, and camp equipage, he captured some 200 small-arms. At that point there also fell into our hands about 200 of Fremont's men, many of them severely wounded of the 8th, and most of the others had been left behind as sick. The Federal surgeons attending them were released and those under their care paroled.

The official reports of the casualties of the battle show a loss of 16 officers killed, 67 wounded, and 2 missing; 117 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, 862 wounded, and 32 missing, making a total loss of 1,096, including skirmishes on the 6th. Since evacuation of Winchester, 1.167; also one piece of artillery.

If we add to the prisoners captured on the 6th and 9th those who were paroled at Harrisonburg and in the hospitals in the vicinity of Port Republic it will make the number of the enemy who fell into our possession about 975, exclusive of his killed and such of his wounded as he removed. The small-arms taken on the 9th and at Harrisonburg numbered about 1,000. We captured seven pieces of artillery, with their caissons, and all of their limbers except one.

The conduct of officers and men during the action merits high praise. During the battle I received valuable assistance in the transmission of orders from the following members of my staff: Colonel Abner Smead, assistant inspector-general; Major R. L. Dabney, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant A. S. Pendleton, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant H. K. Douglas, assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant J. K. Boswell, chief engineer, and Colonel William L. Jackson, volunteer aide-de-camp. The medical director of the army, Dr. Hunter McGuire, gave special attention to the comfort and treatment of the wounded. Major W. J. Hawks, chief commissary, and Major J. A. Harman, chief quartermaster, had their departments in good condition.

For further information respecting the conduct of officers and men who distinguished themselves, as well as for a more detailed account of the movements of the troops, I would respectfully refer you to the accompanying official reports of other officers.

I forward herewith two maps* by Mr. J. Hotchkiss, one giving the route of the enemy during the retreat from Strasburg to Port Republic and the other of the battle-field.

On the 12th the troops recrossed South River and encamped near Weyer's Cave.

For the purpose of rendering thanks to God for having crowned our arms with success, and to implore his continued favor, divine service was held in the army on the 14th.

The army remained near Weyer's Cave until the 17th, when, in obedience to instructions from the commanding general of the department, it moved toward Richmond.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

A. A. and I. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of Northern Virginia.

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

