
higher than it had been for twenty years and extremely rapid. I reported these facts to you a courier.

Early on the following morning I sent Lieutenant Turpin to Bridgewater to collect lumber for building boats. Captain Mason having build two boats from lumber found at Mr. Crawford's, succeeded in carrying most of the sick across the river.

During the day I built a bridge across Cook's Creek, on the road to Port Republic, and after seeing the ambulances and wagons safely across the bridge I returned to your headquarters, near Harrisonburg.

On the 4th Mr. Hotchkiss, topographical engineer, made for you a map of the region around Port Republic, and on the following morning he took a signal operations to Peaked Mountain, from whence he communicated to you the movements of General Shields, on the opposite side of South River. For the two days following he remained on this duty.

On the morning of June 8, while near Dr. Kemper's, I heard firing in the direction of Port Republic, and saw you, with several members of your staff, riding rapidly in the direction of the bridge. I mounted my horse and followed, crossing the bridge just as the enemy's cavalry entered the town. Lieutenant Willis, who was a short distance behind me, was captured. I found you on the hill a short distance off, and was directed by you to find whether the enemy was in the town. I soon returned with the information that their cavalry were on the bridge, when your ordered up the Thirty-seventh Virginia and rode down to the bank of the river. The enemy brought up a gun and planted it in the south end of the bridge and fired one shot at the Thirty-seventh Virginia as it advanced, but the gun was soon captured by that regiment.

During the engagement at Cross Keys I was engaged in transmitting orders from you to General Ewell.

At 4 a. m. June 9 I was ordered by you to proceed immediately to Mechanic's River Depot, for the purpose of meeting re-enforcements which were expected at that point.

Mr. Hotchkiss was unwell during the morning of the 8th and was not on the field. During the evening he conducted Chew's battery, by your order, to Patterson's Ford and placed it in position.

On the 9th he conducted General Taylor's brigade, by your order, through the wood, so as to flank the enemy's battery [near] the Lewis house, which was taken by that brigade.

Very respectfully,

J. K. BOSWELL,

Captain and Chief Engineer, Second Army Corps.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON.

Numbers 62. Report of Surgeon Hunter McGuire, of medical and hospital stores captured.

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY N. VA., MED. DEPT.

March 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following report of medical and hospital stores captured from the enemy at Winchester, Va., on May 25, 1862:

