
Question by the COURT. Do you remember whether the roads were dry or muddy at he time?

Answer. Well, I cannot very well. I don't think that they were very dry. I do not recollect.

(The witness was shown a diagram.)

Question by the COURT. Point out on the diagram as near as you can where General McDowell was when you saw him.

The witness pointed out upon the diagram the relative position occupied by General McDowell and self on the diagram, which is appended to this day's proceedings.*

Question by the COURT. On which side of E street did you continue your walk?

(The witness referred to the diagram.)

Answer. I crossed over E street, and passed along the north side.

The court informed the witness that they would receive from him a wrriten list of any witnesses who could give important testimony in the case, and that he question or statement which he stated he desired to make will be considered if in writing.

The evidence of the witness was read by the recorder.

The witness here desired that the following corrections be made:

I think you called my lieutenant-colonel "Whitey" when you mentioned him the second time; his name is Whitney.

You are again in error in saying Charles J.; it should be Charles K.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES, aide-de-camp, and assistant adjutant-general, a witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was your military rand and position in the summer of 1861?

Answer. On the 1st day of July, 1861, I was assistant-general in the Regular Army, with the rank of captain. I held that position during the remainder of the summer. In the month of June I was lieutenant and adjutant Second Regiment of infantry.

Question by General McDOWELL. By your official position in the Adjutant-General's Office was it your special province to keep the records, &amp;c., of all the volunteer forces?

Answer. It was, from the time I entered the office on duty on the 2nd day of July, 1861, till left it on the 28th June, 1862.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you know of a R. D. Goodwin having been a colonel of volunteers in the United States service in the summer of 1861; and also whether he was in the United States military service as an officer of any other rank in 1861?

Answer. He never was in the United States service. I know such a man.

Question by General McDOWELL. Are you acquainted with R. D. Goodwin and had you any official intercourse with him? If so, please state it.

Answer. I am acquainted with him. I had official intercourse with him during the year I was in the Adjutant-General's Office. I first saw him 22nd July, 1861. He came to the War Department, offering to the Secretary of War a regiment of volunteers. He stated that he "had then 500 men on the Battery in New York, and could raise many more." This regiment was accepted on that day.

The court desire to know of General McDowell what he desires to prove by the question propounded the witness before the court.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

