
rear I threw the guns in battery about 80 yards from the pike, and as the cavalry dashed by a volley of canister scattered them completely. Some hundred or so surrendered; about as many more kept down the road, and the remainder, amounting perhaps to 300, turned off to the left of the pike, and formed in line facing the battery, some 400 yards distant. The dust and smoke hid this movement from my view, and when I first saw them so formed I took them to be our own cavalry, as I observed them with Confederate colors flying. Upon inquiring of Colonel Ashby if they belonged to his command he replied that they did not, and I then opened our pieces on them.

The miserable quality of our ammunition (shell's of two-minute fuse, bursting not 50 feet from the muzzle of the guns) prevented any harm being done them, but they rapidly moved off toward the back road and were seen no more.

Our pieces were then limbered up and moved on down the turnpike after the wagon train, shelling it and its escorting cavalry force as occasion offered. The train was repeatedly broken and parts cut off, and no material resistance met with, the enemy only once opposing us with artillery and infantry, both of which were dispersed without difficulty or loss to ourselves.

Arriving on the edge of Newtown, we found ourselves entirely without an infantry support, so I halted the guns and rode back to hurry them forward. I found some hundred or so of the Seventh Louisiana Regiment coming on slowly, much broken down by fatigue and heat. These I hurried on, but going on back I found the remainder of the supporting force busily engaged in plundering the captured wagons. Unable to force or persuade them to abandon this disgraceful employment and return to their duty I returned to Newtown, and after consulting Colonel Ashby we concluded it would be imprudent to push the pursuit farther until other infantry should come up, especially as there were but 50 cavalry, under Major Funsten, remaining with us, the residue being eagerly engaged in plundering the captured train.

This relaxation in the pursuit, though necessary, was unfortunate, as the enemy were encouraged by it to bring up, about two hours later, four pieces of artillery, which, being planted just on the northern edge of Newtown, opened on us. Their fire was returned by Captain Poague's two rifled guns, and the action was kept up until dusk, when the enemy withdrew.

Our only damage was 3 men wounded and 2 horses killed. Enemy's not known.

Captain Poague's guns were well served and their fire remarkably accurate - superior to that of the enemy. Considerable praise is due to this section of his battery and to Captain Chew's battery for the skill and perseverance manifested by them in the pursuit, especially when contrasted with the conduct of the majority of the accompanying infantry force.

None of our guns were engaged during the ensuing night, when the army pressed on toward Winchester.

About one and a half hours before dawn I was sent by the major-general commanding, via Newtown and Nineveh, a distance of 29 miles, with an order for Major-General Ewell, and so had no share in planting the batteries of Captains Poague, Cutshaw, and Carpenter, which were all engaged early next morning (Sunday, May 25), nor any opportunity of a personal observation of their conduct. From the known position they occupied, the results achieved, and the losses they suffered, I feel warranted in saying that their pieces were well served, and both officers

