
and men manifested a praiseworthy courage and steadiness during the action.

On the side I was, where General Ewell's division was acting, I directed the fire of the batteries of Captains Brockenbrough and Courtney. The latter, under charge of Lieutenant Latimer, by an unfortunate mistake, fired repeated rounds at our own troops, on the western side of the town, but without any damage, so far as I could see. That of Captain Brockenbrough engaged and finally silenced an opposing battery of the enemy, and then turned its fire on the retreating infantry with some effect.

The batteries of Captain Caskie and Raine were engaged in the farther pursuit of the enemy, and were handled with uncommon tact, energy, and effect.

In the subsequent advance of our forces toward Harper's Ferry parts of the batteries of Captains Wooding, Caskie, and Raine were lightly engaged.

In the retreat of Colonel Z. T. Conner from Front Royal, the Blakely gun belonging to Captain Brockenbrough's battery was by some means lost. On the same occasion a section of Captain Rice's battery (the only artillery present) was charged by the Federal cavalry, which they repulsed, by a close fire at 80 yards distant, unsupported by infantry. Captain Rice had to destroy one of the rear chests of one of his caissons, to relieve himself of its weight in this retreat.

In the retreat of the army from Winchester to Port Republic details were daily made from some one of the batteries of Captains Poague, Raine, Courtney, Cutshaw, and Caskie to act with the rear guard of cavalry, under Colonel Ashby (the best gun of Captain Chew having been disabled during the journey down the valley), and on all occasions in which they were engaged with the enemy their guns were well and efficiently served.

At Strasburg the battery of Captain Lusk was closely engaged with the enemy for a short time, but suffered no loss save from an untoward accident with one of his guns, by which he lost 2 men, and on account of which the gun was condemned and turned over to the ordnance officer.

Respectfully submitted.

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Valley District.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Valley District.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Near Gordonsville, Va., July 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the different batteries of this army in the actions of June 8 and 9 at Cross Keys and Port Republic:

On Sunday morning, 8th instant [ultimo], about 9 a. m., the advance of General Shields' division approached Port Republic on the Swift Run Gap road, and, while a part of their cavalry dashed into the village, they opened fire from a section of artillery on the bridge across North River. Soon these two pieces (a 6-pounder gun and 12-pounder howitzer) were brought across South River and planted in the village. As soon as their firing had disclosed their approach Captain George W. Wooding brought out his battery on the bluffs across North River and

