
action. As they came up they were posted near Captains Poague and Carpenter, on the left of the road, and fired, advancing, a part on the battery and part on the infantry of the enemy. Their fire was good, and they were generally well managed, particularly that of Captain Poague, which was subject to a heavy infantry fire, and only fell back under orders.

At one time enemy's infantry observing, perhaps, the smallness of our supporting force of infantry, advanced across the field somewhat to our left and front, and by a heavy concentrated musketry fire forced back our infantry supports, in consequence of which our guns had to retire. The enemy's advance was soon checked by an attack on their flank by Major-General Ewell, and our batteries enabled to resume the engagement, but not before the enemy had got one of Captain Poague's 6-pounder guns, which they either carried off or managed to conceal. When the enemy were finally routed the pursuit was continued by parts of the batteries of Captains Wooding and Caskie with great spirit and serious effect, and the enemy forced to abandon the only gun they were seen to carry from the field.

With the exception of the one gun of Captain Poague's battery above referred to, none of our pieces or caissons were lost and none damaged. There were captured from the enemy six guns and a 12-pounder howitzer, with caissons, and all the limbers except one. One or two of their caissons and limbers were slightly damaged, and one gun spiked and the carriage broken and pretty much destroyed. They were all reported to the quartermaster and brought off. The guns were turned over to Brigadier General R. Taylor, as also the unhurt caissons, except one gun, which was assigned to Captain Wooding, and a traveling forge given to Captain Brockenbrough.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Valley District.

Captain A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General Valley District.

Numbers 66. Report of Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry, of operations in May and June.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND VIRGINIA CAVALRY,February 26, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson to furnish a report of the operations of the cavalry brigade connected with his brilliant campaign in the valley, I beg leave respectfully to submit the following:

When I joined his army, under Major-General Ewell, the Sixth and Second Virginia Cavalry were attached to his division. Our regiments had just been reorganized, and as the senior cavalry officer I had the outpost. My headquarters were at the Swift Run Gap, and my pickets extended from Culpeper Court-House to the mountains on the east side of the Blue Ridge, and from near Harrisonburg to Wolftown on the west. A heavy scout was kept watching Geary's command on the Manassas Gap Railroad, and General Shields' command, who was marching on Fredericksburg to re-enforce McDowell. After Shields

