
approach very near, and suddenly they fired a volley and charged him. The Sixth Cavalry were surprised and dashed through the Second, who were sleeping and relying upon the Sixth to guard the rear, as we had alternated each day with that regiment. Colonel Dulany was badly shot in the leg and several of his men were captured. To add to the confusion thus created, a part of the Seventh Louisiana fired into our ranks. This was our first surprise. Many of our men were nearly exhausted from hunger and loss of sleep. We had been in the saddle and had no regular rations for three days. My command was soon formed and we drove them back, capturing three or four, who in the dark mistook us for their friends.

The next morning, June 2, found us still covering the retreat. Near Woodstock Generals Steuart and Ashby, each with a battery and their cavalry, selected a position. Each seemed determined to do something, as the enemy had become very bold and annoying. My regiment was thrown to the right and rear of Caskie's battery, on the left of the road, coming up the valley, one company acting on my flank. Here the enemy opened a battery and shelled us furiously, and I was ordered by General Steuart to move back out of range, and crossed with my command to the other side of the turnpike, to support a battery there in position, which would check the enemy while Caskie's battery was retiring. In executing this order, after we had gone but a few hundred yards, to my utter surprise I saw the battery was retiring. In executing this order, after we had gone but a few hundred yards, to my utter surprise I saw the battery and cavalry teeming together down the road pell-mell and the Yankees after them at full speed. The head of my column was under a hill, and as we came out of the woods a part of the Forty-second Virginia Infantry, mistaking us for the Yankees, fired into my advance squadron, causing a stampede, wounding several.

The Yankees pressing on my rear captured 8 men. Such management I never saw before. Had the batteries retired by echelon, and the cavalry in the same way, we could have held our position or driven back their cavalry by a counter-charge from ours. But a retreat was ordered and a disgraceful stampede unused. Mortified and annoyed at such management, Colonel Flournoy, of the Sixth, accompanied me to see General Ewell, who was kind enough to intercede with General Jackson and have us at once transferred to General Ashby's command.

Here the gallant Ashby succeeded in rallying about 50 straggling infantry and poured a volley into the Yankee cavalry, emptying many saddles and giving them a check, clearing the road for the rest of the day. Ashby's cavalry, the Sixth, and a portion of the Second, were all equally stampeded. We then marched across the Shenandoah beyond Mount Jackson in a drenching rain all day and night. Encamped for the night, getting rations for both men and horses. The next morning we were ordered to recross the bridge before it was burned, relieving the Sixth, who were bringing up the rear. After burning the bridge heavy picket was thrown out, and we retied to New Market, and had heavy picket skirmishing all day.

On the 5th enemy got their pontoon bridges over and about one regiment of their cavalry crossed. The army moved up the valley on the 5th and encamped near Harrisonburg.

June 6 we moved on the Port Republic road. About 3 p. m., while the Second and Seventh were grazing their horses in a field on the right of the road, the Sixth bringing up the rear, it was again suddenly charged by the Yankee cavalry; but we succeeded in repulsing them, who in turn were charged by the Second and Seventh and driven back within half a mile of town. In this fight the Yankees lost their colonel

