
(Sir Percy Wundham), captured, and 63 officers and men, together with their colors. Major Green, of the Sixth, was severely wounded here but we sustained no other loss.

Here it was that Ashby determined to ambush them. Leaving me in command of the brigade, he marched with the First Maryland and Fifty-eighth Virginia Infantry under cover of the woods to my right, intending to flank the Yankees, instructing me that as soon as he had dislodged them from the hill to charge them with my whole force. In that enterprise he was baffled and ambushed himself. As soon as our forces became engaged the Yankee cavalry advanced to the support of the Bucktails. I advanced with my command to meet them, and getting within easy range, I opened with two pieces of Chew's battery, which had been masked in rear of the cavalry, and drove them from their position. Finding that a severe engagement had taken place, and that the brave Ashby had fallen, General Ewell ordered me to retire, making a heavy detail from my regiment to bear off our wounded on horseback.

The next morning, June 8, I assumed the command of the brigade. The general commanding having determined to give battle, the cavalry were disposed of as follows: The Second on picket on the McGaheysville road and on General Ewell's right flank; the Sixth and Seventh were thrown across the river, protecting the baggage train. Two companies (Captain Myers' and Chipley's) disgraced themselves by running and leaving the bridge to be burned by the enemy. The night after the battle I was engaged reconnoitering the road between Port Republic and Brown's Gap. Major Breckinridge, with the Second Squadron Second Virginia Cavalry, was thrown on picket on the road to Swift Run Gap, and skirmished with the enemy (Shields' command) until the battle commenced the next morning by the infantry, the Second Regiment bringing up the rear. Lieutenant Thomas Waller, Company E, was burned before he could cross, and in attempting to swim the river was drowned. We were not engaged in the fight until after the enemy had been routed. The cavalry then pursued them about 8 miles, capturing about 150 prisoners, 6 or 7 wagons filled with plunder, and bringing off the field two pieces [of] artillery abandoned by the enemy, and about 800 muskets. Also recaptured one of General Jackson's staff. We encamped about midnight near the top of the mountain, having been without rations for either man or horse for twenty-four hours.

June 10 we were engaged most of the day picking up stragglers and sending off prisoners to Lynchburg by the dismounted men of my command.

June 11 we started again for the valley; crossed the South and Middle Branches of the Shenandoah, camped near Mount Crawford, and captured 2 of the enemy's pickets.

Next morning, June 12, we occupied Harrisonburg; captured about 200 prisoners, many of them severely wounded in the Cross Keys fight. We also captured medicines, wagons, camp equipage, and about 200 Belgian guns. Here we again had evidences of a precipitate retreat by the enemy. I advanced my picket to New Market, and then to Mount Jackson, and held that position until relieved by Brigadier-General Robertson.

On the 13th a Yankee major and surgeon came up with 28 ambulances, under a flag of truce, asking the privilege of carrying off their wounded. For military reasons it was declined by General Jackson, they having enough surgeons within our lines to attend to them.

