
Having received orders from General Jackson to move back with my regiment to Port Republic and await further orders, I there learned that he was en route for Richmond and that I was to follow. His command having had three days' start of me, I did not overtake him until he arrived at Hanover Court-House.

The weather had been extremely hot during our campaign in the valley. The roads macadamized and the cavalry unprovided with horse-shoes, and being compelled to subsist them mostly on young grass without salt, I found my command in a most deplorable condition. Our work had been eternal, day and night. We were under fire twenty-six days out of thirty. Having gone in with more than 100 men unarmed, we returned generally well equipped. History bears no record of the same amount of service performed by the same number of cavalry horses in the same time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel Second Virginia Cavalry, Commanding Ashby's Brigade.

P. S. - I have failed to mention any special marks of gallantry exhibited by any of my men, supposing that it has been done by those under whose orders they were acting. I shall omit in the rest of my report our Richmond campaign, and begin at Waterloo Bridge, where I was ordered again to report to General Jackson, in advance of his army moving on Manassas.

Numbers 67. Report of Colonel Thomas S. Flournoy, Sixth Virginia Cavalry, of operations May 23-26.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY,August 1, 1862.

In obedience to orders from headquarters, to report the engagement of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry with the enemy from Front Royal to Winchester, I make the following report:

On the morning of May 23 the Sixth and Second Regiments, then under my command, were ordered to proceed at once to the Manassas Gap Railroad, at a point between Front Royal and Strasburg, to tear up the track and cut the telegraph wire, which was accomplished by 2 o'clock. The command then proceeded to the neighborhood of Front Royal, and remained on the hills opposite during the progress of the battle of Front Royal until the enemy retreated across the river and up the turnpike leading to Winchester. The cavalry was then ordered in pursuit. The enemy had fired the bridge across North River, which delayed the pursuit. Four companies of the Sixth crossed the river in time to overtake the enemy at Cedarville, about 3 miles up the pike, where they had formed to receive the charge. Company E, Captain C. E. Flournoy, was ordered in front and on the left; Company K, Captain Baxter, and Company A, Captain Dulany, to the right, and Company B, Captain Grimsley, directly up the turnpike.

Company B was first upon the enemy, and charged most gallantly right through their lines, breaking them and throwing them into confusion. This company was supported by Company E from the left, and Companies K and A on the right. The enemy was driven from his

