
position, but soon reformed in an orchard on the right of the turnpike, where these companies again charged and put them to complete rout.

The force of the enemy consisted of two companies of cavalry, two pieces of artillery, one regiment of infantry (the First Maryland), and two companies of Pennsylvania Infantry. When the charge was commenced their cavalry took to flight. The two pieces of artillery were abandoned and taken and nearly the entire infantry force taken prisoners.

The enemy lost in killed 15 and 20 wounded. Our loss was, in Company B, 9 killed and 14 wounded; in Company A, 1 killed and 1 wounded; in Company K, Captain Baxter was killed while leading his company most gallantly to the charge; making our loss in killed and wounded 26.

Company D, Captain Richards, and Company I, Captain Row, came up in time to engage in the pursuit of the enemy. The other companies of the Sixth and the Second Regiments were prevented from coming up in time to take part on account of the difficulty in crossing the bridge, which alone prevented their taking the most active part in the fight.

The officers and men engaged acted with the greatest intrepidity and courage, executing every order with promptness, and gained a complete victory over the enemy.

On the morning of the 24th the Sixth and Second Regiments, under command of General G. H. Steuart proceeded to Newtown, on the turnpike leading from Strasburg to Winchester, to harass the enemy and intercept the wagon train.

During the day a number of prisoners (some 250) were taken, and several wagons and ambulances with stores and medicines.

In the evening the command was ordered to move toward Winchester with General Ewell's division, to be in readiness to take part in the battle of Winchester, which took place on the morning of May 25, at about 8 o'clock. Banks' army was in full retreat. The cavalry was ordered in pursuit, which was continued to Martinsburg, and on the morning of the 26th to the Potomac River. In this pursuit many stragglers were captured and a large amount of stores taken at Martinsburg.

Most respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

THOS. S. FLOURNOY,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Army of the Valley.

Numbers 68. Reports of Brigadier General Charles S. Winder, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Jackson's Division, of operations May 23- June 9.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, VALLEY DISTRICT,Camp near Weyer's Cave, Va., June 14, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to the orders calling for reports of the part taken in the operations of May 23, 24, and 25, by this brigade, I have the honor to state that the First Brigade left its bivouac, 3 miles beyond Luray, at 5 a. m. on May 23, and marched to Front Royal, 26 miles, encamping about 9 p. m. The brigade, being the rear brigade but one of the army, arrived too late to participate in the affair of that day.

