
On the morning of the 24th instant the brigade marched at 8 a. m. on the Winchester road. At Cedarville it turned to the left, taking the road to Middletown. Firing being heard, the march to Middletown was made without a halt, following the troops in advance toward Strasburg. At this point I received orders to counter-march the command and move toward Winchester. Three regiments (Fourth, Fifth, and Second Virginia Volunteers) having already filed to the left toward Strasburg, were halted; the Thirty-third and Twenty-seventh Regiments Virginia Volunteers were ordered to continue forward to the Valley pike, filing to the right, the batteries following, the four pieces of Captain Poague's battery (two Parrott guns having been detached in the morning and ordered to the front with Colonel Turner Ashby) having been ordered to follow the leading regiment. The three regiments halted, were counter-marched, and took the rear of the brigade. The march was continued in quick-time to the vicinity of Newtown without a halt, being 12 miles from Cedarville. Here I found Captain Poague's Parrott guns in action just above the town. The brigade was halted beyond the reach of the enemy's guns.

I then went forward to see General Jackson, and met a staff officer, with instructions to place the brigade under cover. I directed the batteries to take position in a field on the right of the road and the three leading regiments to be placed in a woods on the left.

About sunset I received orders to move forward as soon as the enemy's battery should be withdrawn, and a cessation of firing should indicate that. I ordered the brigade forward, and not hearing their guns I moved forward, following Captain Poague's two guns.

Shortly after dark an ambuscade checked the march. General Jackson sent for two companies of infantry as skirmishers. I directed two companies of the advance regiment (Thirty-third) to move forward, which was promptly done. The enemy were driven off and the march resumed.

On reaching Bartonsville another ambuscade was encountered, and heavy firing on both sides ensued. Almost at the first fire the advance cavalry stampeded and dashed back on our own men, doing considerable damage, and throwing the Thirty-third Regiment into such confusion that it was impossible to rally it and move forward to support its skirmishers, although I was ably assisted by its field officers. Failing in this attempt, I rode to the rear and ordered up the Twenty-seventh Regiment (Colonel A. J. Grigsby) to their support. The fire being heavy, I directed the Second Regiment (Colonel J. W. Allen) to move to the right flank and turn the enemy's left, which order was promptly obeyed, but from an impassable marsh and stream it did not succeed in executing the entire movement until the enemy had been driven off in front. The Fifth Regiment (Colonel W. S. H. Baylor) was also ordered to take position on the right of the road, but as soon as the position was carried these regiments were recalled and resumed their places in column.

Two companies of the Fifth Regiment (raised in Winchester) were then, by order of General Jackson, deployed as skirmishers, and the march continued toward Winchester. Skirmishing continued the entire night, the enemy ambuscading wherever opportunity offered. A company of the Second Regiment was also used as skirmishers, being familiar with the country. The skirmishers, supported by the eight companies of the Fifth Regiment, continued to push forward, feeling their way, until daylight. The remainder of the command halted for an hour and slept just previous to daylight.

