
The brigade was then advanced to the line of skirmishers at Hollingsworth's Mill. The enemy's skirmishers were occupying a hill just beyond, overlooking Winchester. This I reported to General Jackson, and he replied, "You must occupy that hill." I directed Colonel A. J. Grigsby to move to the left, under cover of the hills, and occupy a wooded hill just on the left of the hill occupied by the enemy; Colonel J. W. Allen, commanding the Second Regiment, to take position to the right of Colonel Grigsby's, supporting line of skirmishers, and carry the position at the point of the bayonet, in connection with the other regiments; Colonel C. A. Ronald, commanding the Fourth Regiment, I placed on the right of the road, to support the extreme right of the line of skirmishers, Colonel Baylor, of the Fifth Regiment, retaining his position. The Thirty-third Regiment, Colonel John F. Neff, was held in reserve.

These dispositions made, I ordered the line to advance, which was done in handsome style, and the position carried. I at the same time ordered up Captain Poague's two Parrott guns and conducted them, under cover of some houses, to the left, directing him to place them in the best position on the crest of the hill. I then rode to the crest of the hill and found Poague's guns just being placed in battery.

The enemy had opened a heavy fire of shot and shell on our men soon as they occupied this hill, and drove him from some slight breastworks he had held. Seeing their position, I at once ordered

Captain Carpenter's battery up and the Thirty-third Regiment to support it. The first part of the ordered had been anticipated by General Jackson. I directed Carpenter to place his long-range guns in battery on the crest some distance to the right of Poague.

About this time Captain Poague reported to me that a battery had been placed in position and opened on his battery, enfilading it, and that it was almost impossible to use his guns. I directed Colonel Campbell, whose regiment had just arrived, to support Carpenter's battery; to move to the left, and, with Colonel Grigsby, if practicable, carry the battery. I moved to the right, and ordered Captain Cutshaw, whom I then met with his battery, to place his long-range guns on the left of Carpenter's. The Twenty-first Regiment (Colonel John M. Patton) I directed to support Poague's battery, and the Irish Battalion (Captain Lee) accompanied it. The enemy soon commenced to move by his right flank. Perceiving this, I ordered Colonel Fulkerson, commanding Third Brigade, who reported to me just at that time, to place a regiment on the left flank. Observing the same move on the part of the enemy, I sent two additional regiments there. Not seeing the Thirty-third Regiment in position, I again sent orders for it, and placed it in support of Carpenter's battery. I directed the remaining four pieces of Poague's battery to take position on the left of the Parrott guns; but not finding an eligible position, they were placed just by these guns. This battery was handsomely and gallantly served, being subjected to a heavy fire of artillery and rifles, which did much execution. A regiment behind a stone fence did much execution, whenever cannoneers showed themselves, until I ordered solid shot fired a the wall, which soon drove them off. The batteries in front of Carpenter's having been silenced, I ordered it to be moved to the extreme left; but before it could get into position a charge was made and the enemy driven from his position.

Captain Cutshaw and Lieutenant Barton being wounded, I placed First Lieutenant John C. Carpenter in command of Cutshaw's battery. Seeing General Taylor's brigade in position to charge the left, I ordered all the regiments, except the supports, to the batteries held in readi-

