
ness for the charge and to move forward simultaneously. All were eager for the charge and moved forward rapidly and in good order, sweeping the entire field, the enemy leaving his position some time before we reached it. When he began the retreat and was in some confusion I directed the batteries to be opened on him; but, owing to their disabled and exhausted condition, could get but one piece of Cutshaw's battery, under Lieutenant Carpenter, to bear on his column. This sent a few well-directed shells among them. The enemy retreated, at first in good order, halting near the town to give a parting shot, and then retreating in the greatest disorder. I pressed forward the artillery, having followed up the movements of the infantry, but their exhausted and disabled condition prevented their following rapidly, and two pieces were of necessity left on the field for several hours before they could be brought up to camp. I pressed forward through and beyond the town. Just beyond I reformed the regiments as far as practicable, they having been much scattered in passing through the streets. On getting them partially formed I moved on the Martinsburg road some 4 1/2 miles, when orders were received to encamp. The brigade was encamped in Stephenson's woods.

It affords me sincere pleasure to bear testimony to the bravery, coolness, and handsome conduct of the officers and men under my command.

Colonels Allen, Grigsby, and Baylor conducted their regiments forward in admirable order, driving the enemy from the hill, and with true bravery received a heavy fire of artillery and infantry while inactive, awaiting an opportunity to dash forward, which, when the time came, they did in gallant style.

Colonel Baylor's horse was killed passing through the town and his leg bruised by the ball.

Colonel Neff kept his regiment quietly in position supporting a battery, though exposed to fire.

Colonel Ronald advanced through the town in the place assigned him, though unfortunately was not under fire, the enemy having moved everything to his right.

Of Captains Poague, Carpenter, Cutshaw, and their officers and men I cannot speak too highly. The skill, judgment, and bravery displayed by them at all times, under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, reflect the greatest credit upon themselves. Opposed by a greater number of guns admirably served, and at times to an enfilading fire, they coolly and manfully stood by their guns, working them with such precision as to silence a greater portion of the enemy's. The loss in these batteries will attest the warm positions they held during the action. The gallant Cutshaw and Barton fell wounded at the same moment, the latter mortally, within sight of his home, containing all most dear to him, for which he was so manfully and courageously fighting, having won the esteem and admiration of all and met a soldier's death in this our glorious cause.

To my personal staff-Captain John F. O'Brien, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. McH. Howard and J. M. Garnett, aides-de-camp-I tender my sincere thanks for their readiness and promptness in transmitting my orders, frequently under a heavy fire while doing so.

The casualties in the brigade are as follows: Killed, 10, rank and file; wounded, 57 [27], rank and file.

For particulars I have the honor to refer to the reports of the several commanders, herewith transmitted.

47 R R - VOL XII

