
General McDowell stated that he had no more questions to ask this witness at present.

The court had no questions to ask the witness.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN, U. S. Volunteer Army, witness, was duly sworn.

Question by General McDOWELL. What command had you on the 3rd of July, 1861? About how long prior to the 3rd of July, 1861, did you exercise that command?

Answer. I commanded the troops stationed in and around Alexandria. I think I went to Alexandria about the last day of May from here. Question by General McDOWELL. Was the regiment of volunteers known as Ellsworth's a part of your command at the time mentioned? If so, in whose brigade was it and where was it stationed?

Answer. It was part of my command. It was stationed near Fort Ellsworth. I am not certain, but think it was in Willcox's brigade.

Question by General McDOWELL. Examine the letter of R. D. Goodwin of September 24, 1862, and state what you know concerning the statements therein made.

The letter referred to was handed to the witness.

Answer. Some of these statements I know nothing about; but those that I am familiar with are not true. In relation to drunkenness, I have known the general a long time, and have never seen him drink. I have sat at the table for weeks at a time with him and have met him at various times and places. He was at my headquarters on the 3rd July. (I recollect the date from a conversation we had about some military matters relating to the Army.) Ellswerth's regiment was remarkably healthy at that time. I don't time. I don't recollect any complaints about musty crackers, bad provisions, or bad water. When the men first came out to the field they wouldn't drink out of a clear running stream, but would crowd around a pump or a spring. As to whether the rebels would sell them vegetables or not I know nothing about it. I never saw any order authorizing rebels to shoot people for trespassing. There were great efforts to stop this picket firing.

About the case of Richmond Windsor I know nothing at all; never heard of it before that I recollect. Such cases usually came to me. There was a man by the name of Windsor, who lives a few miles below Alexandria. I believe he is a secessionist. He was outside our lines for a long time. I don't recollect that there was any mutinous conduct in the regiment of Zouaves or not; they were very troublesome and hard to manage. There were constant complaints of their depredations by the inhabitants. The volunteers disliked the hard bread very much, and there were constant complaints on that subject. The hard bread was good. There was no difficulty in getting provisions. If there was any deficiency, it was owing to the neglect of their own officers. There were no graters difficulties there than there always are when new troops come into the field.

Question by General McDOWELL. What do you understand to be the practice at present sought to be maintained in the army as to picket firing, so called?

Answer. We made every effort on the Peninsula to discourage it.

Question be the COURT. During how many years have you been intimately acquainted with General McDowell?

Answer. I do not recollect. 'Tis so long that I've forgotten the number of years.

Question by the COURT. During the time you have known him have his habits, in respect to the use of intoxicating liquors, been the subject of any particular observation and remark?

Answer. Yes. I have heard it frequently spoken of. He was considered remarkably abstemious. I believe he don't drink tea or coffee, no wines or liquors; totally abstemious.

Question by the COURT. Would an order from General McDowell, at

