
structive fire upon the enemy. His column halted, staggered at so warm a reception, wavered, and then retreated down the road, being signally repulsed by the artillery alone. I directed pieces to move to the left, keeping up a constant fire upon him so long as he was within range. Two or more guns were moved a mile beyond the original position. Colonel Allen, Second Regiment, arriving, I directed him to move to the left (General Taliaferro's brigade having gone to the bridge), throwing out skirmishers, guarding against a flank movement by the enemy. The Fourth Regiment, Colonel Ronald, was ordered to support this regiment. The Fifth Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Funk, supported Poague's battery. The Twenty-seventh, Colonel Grigsby, supported Carpenter's battery. The Thirty-third Regiment, Colonel Neff, was advanced on the left and held in position to repel a flank movement, and at night picketed near same point.

Some few unimportant changes occurred during the day, but the enemy did not again advance within range of our guns. So heavy and well directed was our artillery fire he was obliged to abandon a howitzer and two limbers, which were found in the woods on the following day, being a portion of the battery used a against us in the morning. I had observed him trying to remove it and succeeded beyond my expectations in forcing him to leave it, though I knew he head not taken it off by the road on which it advanced. The brigade moved to camp at dark just above Port Republic. The total strength of brigade was 1,334 rank and file in action.

On the morning of the 9th instant at 3.45 o'clock, I received orders to have my brigade in Port Republic at 4.45 o'clock. Orders were immediately given, and the head of the brigade reached the point indicated at that hour. I met General Jackson shortly thereafter, who ordered me to move across South River on a temporary foot-bridge being constructed. I sent Lieutenant Garnett to recall Colonel Neff's regiment from picket, and then moved the brigade as indicated. I was ordered to follow the road down the valley. I placed the Second Regiment, Colonel Allen, in front, throwing forward two companies as an advance guard. Having proceeded about a mile, the cavalry in front reported the enemy's pickets. General Jackson being near, I referred the officer to him. I then received orders to drive them in, occupy the woods in front, and attack the enemy. I directed Captain Nadenbousch, commanding advance, to deploy skirmishers on either side of the road and move forward; Captain Carpenter to advance two pieces, take post on left of road, and shell the pickets. These orders were rapidly and well executed; the enemy's pickets disappeared and the skirmishers advanced, the line being supported by Colonel Allen. The enemy here opened a rapid fire of shell with great accuracy on the road and vicinity. I was then ordered to send a regiment through the woods to endeavor to turn their battery, also a battery to get a position above them. I directed Colonel Allen to move with his regiment, be being in advance and near the wood, to accomplish this, and Colonel Ronald, Fourth Regiment, to support him; Captain Carpenter to take his battery in same direction to execute the above order. Captain Poague's two Parrott guns I ordered in position on left of road in a wheat field and opened on enemy's battery, the smoke of which only could be seen, the remaining pieces being under cover. Colonel Grigsby, Twenty-seventh Regiment, I ordered to support this battery. Lieutenant-Colonel Funk, Fifth Regiment, was placed on left and to rear of Twenty-seventh Regiment. The Thirty-third Regiment, Colonel Neff, to take position on right of road, but, being detained in crossing the river, this order

