
never reached him. The enemy's fire was so well directed I found it necessary to separate Poague's two guns, placing one some distance on left, ordering Funk's regiment to follow the movement. Here the fire was resumed. The enemy soon placed a battery of two pieces in front and in a commanding position. I sent Lieutenant Garnett, and afterward Captain Poague, to look for a position neared and more desirable, but none could be found unless the enemy were driven off. I then learned his skirmishers were advancing, and ordered Funk's regiment forward to support extreme left of line, at same time sending to General Jackson for re-enforcements, being greatly outnumbered. Colonel H. T. Hays soon reported to me with the Seventh Louisiana Regiment. I directed him to take position on the right of Funk's, and ordered Grigsby's regiment up, placing it on the right of Hays'.

This line under Hays I ordered to move forward, drive the enemy from his position, and carry his battery at the point of the bayonet. I at the same time directed the remainder of Poague's and a section of Carpenter's battery-the latter having reported it impossible to get through the thick woods or find any position-to be advanced. Colonel Hays moved his command forward in gallant style with a cheer. Seeing his movement I advanced with the artillery, placing the guns in battery just in rear of Hays' line, which I found had been halted behind a fence, the enemy being in such strong force and pouring in such a heavy fire of artillery and rifles. I then sent for re-enforcements, but received none. The men stood it boldly for some time and fought gallantly-many until all their cartridges were gone. Captain Raine reported with two pieces of artillery, one, however, without any cannoneers; this piece I sent from the field, the other being brought into action. I had directed Captain Poague to move with a Parrott gun to the right, and sent Lieutenant Garnett to Carpenter to endeavor to place his section so as to enfilade the enemy. The Thirty-first Regiment Virginia Volunteers (Colonel Hoffman) arrived about this time to relieve Colonel Hays, who was ordered to join his brigade. This change it was impossible to effect, and I held Colonel Hoffman in rear of the batteries for their security, as the infantry line began to waver under the storm of shot, shell, and balls which was being rained upon them. The batteries were moved to rear and I tried totally the men, placing Hoffman's regiment in line on which to rally; here I partially succeeded, but the enemy so greatly outnumbered us, and, getting within such easy range, thinned our ranks so terribly, that it was impossible to rally them for some time, though I was most ably assisted in my endeavors by my staff, the gallant Hays, Grigsby, Funk, Major William (Fifth Regiment), Captains Nadenbousch (Second), and Burke (Fifth Regiment); these came particularly under my observation, though doubtless others did their duty as nobly and bravely. Here one piece of Poague's, I regret to say, fell into the enemy's hands, I having ordered it to halt and fire on his advancing column, where it was disabled, as shown in Poague's report.

I still endeavored to rally the remainder of this force, and succeeded in getting the Seventh Louisiana, under Major Penn, the colonel and lieutenant-colonel both being wounded, and Fifth Regiment, under Funk. I placed two pieces of Poague's battery in the position previously occupied, and again opened fire on the enemy, he having halted in his advance. A sharp fire from the wood on [the] right told General Taylor's and Allen's forces were engaged. I directed the Parrott gun on the enemy's battery, which was now turned on those forces. I was gratified to learn from General Taylor this fire was of service to him.

