
The enemy now moved to his left flank, apparently to surround this command in the woods. Seeing two regiments lying quietly on their arms to the right under the woods, I dispatched Lieutenant Garnett to order them forward rapidly to press the enemy's rear. I then moved forward the artillery with its supports and obtained a far better position. Captain Chew here reported to me and did good execution with his battery, displaying great skill and accuracy in his fire.

I soon met General Jackson and reported my impressions to him, and was told he had ordered up other troops. Lieutenant-Colonel Garnett (Forty-eighth Regiment) came up, reporting for orders. I directed him to follow the road in double-quick, pressing the enemy hotly in rear and driving him from his position. Major Holliday (Thirty-third Regiment) rode up at this time, and through him I sent orders to Colonel Neff to do the same. The batteries arriving, I continued to advance them as rapidly as possible, pouting in a heavy and well-directed fire on the retreating columns of the enemy, who were now driven from the field, routed at every point. A section of Captain Brodkenbrough's battery joined me just as the retreat commenced and was ably handled. The road and woods were shelled and the enemy scattered in every direction. The pursuit was continued some 4 miles, when I met General Jackson, who was in advance, and by his orders halted all the artillery except two pieces of Chew's battery. The enemy being again driven from their ambuscade, I followed with my command to a point some 8 or 9 miles below Port Republic, when I received orders to return and camp with my wagons, which order was executed, my advance reaching camp on the summit of the Blue Ridge at Brown's Gap at midnight and the batteries at daylight.

It again affords me sincere and great gratification to bear testimony to the courage, gallantry, fortitude, and good conduct of the officers and men under my command, and to them I return my heartfelt thanks. They fought gallantly and desperately, as our holy cause urged them to do, and though temporarily repulsed, it was only from overwhelming numbers. Although exposed to such a withering fire, the killed are few in number, a kind Providence having guarded many from the great dangers to which they were exposed. Colonels Allen and Ronald were so far separated from me I must refer to their respective reports for the operations of their regiments. To my staff, Captain O'Brien, Lieutenants Howard and Garnett, I tender my sincere thanks for their assistance in transmitting my orders to different points (though under heavy fire frequently after the fight became general), ever ready and prompt.

The casualties were: Killed-officers, 2; privates, 11. Wounded-officers, 6; privates, 148. Missing-privates, 32. Total, 199. The strength of the brigade was 1,313, rank and file.

For detailed accounts of the affair I respectfully refer to the reports of the several commanders herewith transmitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

CHAS. S. WINDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Valley District.

