
holding it, when a well-directed fire from my men drove them off at a run, closely pursued into the town by the men of the Second and Fifth Regiments. Colonel Baylor and Lieutenant-Colonel Botts dashed down one street. I crossed to Loudoun, or Main, street with the larger part of the Second and some of the Fifth. Finding all the enemy that had been driven from the heights west of town had taken this street, I pressed them closely and drove them entirely through the town, where they united with the column which passed down Railroad street. Having but few men left with me, and these mostly exhausted from the long run and previous march of the day and night before, I halted and gave way to the other troops, which then made their appearance on that side of the town.

I cannot too highly commend the coolness and perseverance of both officers and men during the night march from Newtown to Kernstown, during which there was continual skirmishing with an invisible enemy, and in which some of my men were wounded; and also during the trying time they were exposed to the sharp fire from the battery of the enemy, not more than 400 yards in their front, whose shells were constantly exploding immediately over our position and two of which fell in our midst; also during the pursuit through the town, when, though the ranks were entirely broken and the enemy were constantly turning and firing upon them, still pressed on and captured many prisoners who were overtaken.

List of casualties in the Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers at Winchester, May 25:

Killed................................................... 4

Wounded.................................................. 14

------

Total.................................................... 18

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. ALLEN,

Colonel Second Regiment.

Captain O'BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Strength, rank and file, 392.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp, Brown's Gap Pass, June 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of my regiment during the engagements of Sunday and Monday, June 8 and 9:

Early on Sunday I received an order to get my regiment under arms as speedily as possible and move down the road in the direction of the bridge at Port Republic, which place had been entered by the enemy's cavalry. Within five minutes after the reception of this order I had my regiment formed and marched out of the woods into the field adjoining the road, where I halted long enough to load, and was proceeding down the road when Captain O'Brien directed me to occupy the woods to the left of the road and guard the left flank. On reaching the woods I deployed Company A as skirmishers and sent it forward to the river bank, and sent Company D, under Captain Nadenbousch, to the left and front, who also went as far as the bank of the river on

