HDQRS. FOURTH Regiment VA. VOLS., June 13, 1862.

SIR: On Sunday morning, the 8th instant, the enemy, under General Shields, appeared in force on the east bank of South River at Port Republic, whereupon I immediately put my regiment under arms and awaited orders. In a very little while I was directed to move the regiment to a position on the McGaheysville road and to throw out a line of skirmishers. This put me in position on the left, and was the only point from which a flank movement of the enemy was apprehended. I threw out the skirmishers and so deployed them as to prevent surprise.

I remained on the alert in this position until about dark, when I was ordered to withdraw and march the regiment to camp, crossing the Shenandoah at Port Republic, and encamping near the village.

I take no note of the engagement of same day between a portion of the Confederate forces and the enemy under General Fremont. Strength, rank and file, 310.

On Monday, the 9th, at 5.30 a. m., I was ordered to cross the South River at Port Republic. After marching down the river a short distance (I suppose it was discovered that the enemy were preparing to give battle, the Second Regiment, Colonel Allen, was in front of me; his regiment filed to the right through an open filed) I was directed to follow and support Colonel Allen, whereupon I filed to the right, following Colonel Allen. In passing through this open field the enemy's battery was brought to bear upon the regiment, but fortunately doing no damage. Arriving at the woods on the right I formed on the right of the Second in line of battle, threw out skirmishers, and advanced through a very dense wood and laurel thicket. Arriving at a point on a hill, that I afterward learned was very near the enemy's battery, two or three of the skirmishers that I had thrown out fired upon the enemy. This drew a considerable volley from the enemy, who were concealed in the brush, and, although at a very close range, no damage was done, the enemy overshooting. At this moment the enemy began to throw grape and canister into the woods, which they continued for a short time with great violence, from the effects of which 4 men were wounded, none mortally. Here Colonel Allen directed me to fall back, which I did. Shortly thereafter he directed me to move forward with his regiment. After advancing a short distance the retreat of the enemy commenced and I followed in pursuit.

Officers and men all acted well, and while not actively engaged with the enemy, yet the conduct of all was such as to justify me in saying that the Fourth Regiment would have been equal to any emergency.

Strength, rank and file, 317.*

CH. A. RONALD,Colonel Fourth Virginia Volunteers.

Captain O'BRIEN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 71. Report of Colonel W. S. H. Baylor, Fifth Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.

HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment VA. VOLS., June 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders of Brigadier-General Winder, I moved my regiment to the front of the

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties shows 4 men wounded.

---------------

