
streets, capturing many prisoners in their progress. My horse being mortally wounded, and having received a slight hurt myself in the town, I was separated from my regiment for a short time and it became considerably scattered, but continued the pursuit until several of the companies were ordered back to guard the prisoners.

Captain Simms, with some of his company, pursued a regiment of the enemy so closely as to be driven away by our own artillery, which was firing on the regiment.

I cannot speak too highly of Captain Fletcher and Lieutenant Kurtz and the officers and men of their companies for the fearless, untiring,, and skillful manner with which they led the advance for 6 miles, under many difficulties, in the darkness of the night and in the face of the enemy.

Captain Randolph, Burke, Newton, and Simms, and Lieutenants Litten and Arnold, and the men and officers of their respective companies, behaved with coolness and gallantry, and were in the thickest of the fight.

Companies F and H, though not actually engaged in the battle (having been held in reserve) kept up the pursuit.

I am much indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Funk and Major Williams for the ready assistance they gave me by their constant activity and fearless conduct during the night preceding and the day of the battle.

Surgeon Baldwin and Assistant Surgeon Brevard discharged their duties promptly.

It gives me pleasure to mention the gallantry of Lieutenant-Colonel Botts, of the Second Regiment.

I believe that the advance companies of my regiment, with a part of the Second Regiment, are entitled to the honor of having first entered the town. They captured and turned in 373 prisoners, among them many officers.

The list of casualties was providentially small, consisting of 1 killed and 3 wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. H. BAYLOR,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Numbers 72. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. S. Funk, Fifth Virginia Infantry, of the engagement at Port Republic.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA INFANTRY,June 11, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with an order from headquarters First Brigade I make the following report of my regiment in the engagements of the 8th and 9th instant:

June 8, the drum beat to arms about 9 a. m. Our wagons were unloaded and the men cooking. Hurriedly we loaded the wagons and were ready to move. I received orders to move in the direction of the bridge near Port [Republic], which the enemy were then trying to destroy. Arriving near the bridge, I was ordered to support Poague's battery on the right of the road leading from Harrisonburg to Port

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

