
the time you were under his command, from may to July, 1861, authorizing soldiers to be shot when trespassing on property, have passed though your office?

Answer. Orders of that kind would pass through my office.

Question by the COURT. If there had been any official complaint as to the provisions, would they have been known to you and have passed through you to General McDowell?

Answer. That is the usual course; but persons have often gone to the President and Secretary of War, and we have got complaints from that quarter. I frequently got complaints of depredations by the Zouaves from General Scott and the Secretary of War generally through General McDowell, who was commander of the troops on the other side of the river. I might add, there were no well-founded complaints about provisions that could not have been remedied by the officers of the regiments themselves. The Government made ample provision for the feeding of the troops.

Question by the COURT. Did you hear of the arrest of Colonel Windsor by a captain and squad of men belonging to the Ellsworth regiment, referred to in the letter of Colonel Goodwin?

Answer. I've no recollection of anything of the kind. Those men did so many outrageous rings, I don't know what they didn't do. Such matters usual came to me, an I decided them.

Question by the COURT. Was there any order for the arrest of a captain of the Ellsworth regiment, transmitted by General McDowell, having any relation to Mr. Windsor?

Answer. I don't recollect anything of the kind, and I don't think there was.

Question by the COURT. Did the orders at that time prohibit firing by our pickets when such pickets were fired at by the rebels?

Answer. I don't recollect that there were any specific orders on the subject, but I think not. We tried to prevent it in every way we could.

The testimony of the witness was read by the recorder.

Major-General Heintzelman stated that the words "I think not," in his answer to the last question, are intended as a reply to the question as it reads. The witness added: I do not mean to say that there were no orders on the subject of picket firing.

Major CLARENCE BROWN, aide-de-camp, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you ever make any inspection by order of General McDowell, to see that the property taken from the inhabitants of the country for the use of the troops was regularly taken up and accounted for?

Answer. I did, opposite Fredericksburg, at Falmouth; the Second New York Volunteer Cavalry.

The court had no questions to ask the witness.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, December 6, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

I am and have been loth to consume the trial and tax the patience of the court in the matter of the character of R. D. Goodwin. I have thought in this case, which the court has already ruled was an exception one, I could show what I am assured and believe is the fact, that the witness has attempted to pass forged papers on the Government, and has been an inmate of one of the New York penitentiaries. I am not acquainted with the practice of civil courts, and have felt in this

