
Republic. The enemy were in line of battle near a strip of wood beyond the river, on the Swift Run Gap and Port [Republic] road. Our battery fired some well-aimed shots into their lines, causing them to retire in much disorder. I then moved by the left flank some 300 yards across the road, where my command laid behind the battery until 4 p. m., when ordered to Port [Republic]. Immediately after crossing the bridge I received orders to return to the position just left, where I remained until ordered to camp one-half mile beyond Port [Republic], where my command cooked two days' rations.

June 9, early upon this morning I left camp south of Port Republic, passed through the village, crossed the river on a temporary bridge, and marched in direction of Swift Run Gap. Marching some 2 miles we fell upon the enemy, and General Winder ordered me to support Poague's battery, posted in a wheat field on the left of the road. The enemy shelled us furiously. Remaining in this position a half an hour, I received an order to move by the left flank some 400 yards to the left, to support a piece of the afore-mentioned battery. Moved to this point. Company L, Captain Burke, was deployed as skirmishers, who soon came in contact with a company deployed by the enemy from the Fifth Ohio. Driving the enemy's skirmishers back upward of 100 yards, I was ordered to my skirmishers' support. Moving off by the left flank to the river bank I threw my column in line of battle and marched to within 50 yards of my skirmishers. Colonel Hays, of the Seventh Louisiana Volunteers, then came up on my right, and we charged through an orchard and across a wheat field, the enemy prudently retiring 300 or 400 yards. We rushed through a pond of water to the opposite shore, where the enemy opened a terrific fire upon us. We returned it and were exposed to a murderous cross-fire. One regiment of the enemy was in our front in a lane in rear of Mr. Fletcher's house, another regiment laid in a wheat field on our right, and immediately on our left some three or four companies laid behind the river banks. I dispatched one company to try and dislodge the latter. My men stood firmly and poured death into their ranks with all the rapidly and good will that the position would admit. A field officer, mounted on a gray steed, rode in front of my regiment, waving his hat and cheering his men, but he was soon picked off by some of my sharpshooters. Finding that my men's ammunition was nearly exhausted, and that we would soon be compelled to fall back unless relief was sent me, I dispatched Lieutenant McKemy to General Winder, asking for re-enforcements; but before aid reached me many of my men had fired their last cartridge, but remained in ranks for the word charge upon the ranks of the foe.

In the mean time the center of our line gave way, exposing my regiment. The enemy had already attempted to flank my regiment, and I deemed it prudent to fall back. I had nearly reformed my regiment at the edge of the orchard, when the Seventh Louisiana Regiment (Which had partly formed) was scattered by a raking fire and rushed through my line scattering my men. General Winder came riding up at a barn some 400 yards from our abandoned position and asked them to go no farther. I succeeded in rallying all that were near me, and sent Major Williams to rally the others, which he did. I was again ordered to support Poague's battery, which had fallen back to their position at the commencement of the engagement. The enemy soon gave way. I followed with my command in pursuit for 4 miles, when ordered back, taking a back road to the furnace. Encamped on top of the mountain, which I reached at midnight. Many of the men fell at

