
the road-side, worn-out and exhausted from the hard labors of the day. In the pursuit we secured the colors of the Fifth Ohio, which was left on the field in their flight.

I deem it proper here to state that the officers and men under my command behaved more gallantly than I waver witnessed them before. The coolness displayed by them on the morning of the 8th was worthy the veterans who have contested with the insolent invaders every step from the Potomac up their beautiful valley, and on the 9th held their position in face of superior numbers under the murderous fire of grape, shell, and musketry, falling back when completely overpowered, and then only to be rallied by the words of their commands. Major H. J. Williams assisted me in the command and acquitted himself honorably, cheering and encouraging the men by example to the work which was so well executed.

Lieutenant A. J. Arnold, commanding Company I, fell, mortally wounded, while gallantly leading his company. He was a noble young officer, whose loss will be seriously felt by all who knew him. Lieutenant Wright, Company D, was wounded and is a prisoner. Adjutant Arnold received a wound early in the action and [was] sent to the rear. Robert Fisher, color-sergeant, who bravely bore the colors to the point amid the showers of shell and bullets, was wounded. Corpl. Walter Montero received and supported our banner manfully through the engagement received and supported our banner manfully through the engagement. The casualties are as follows: Killed, 4; wounded, 89; missing, 20. Total, 113. Strength of regiment, rank and file, 447.

With but one regret, that we were unable to do more in repulsing these vandals who have polluted our fair valley by their presence, I submit, very respectfully,

J. H. S. FUNK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment Virginia Infantry.

Captain O'BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 73. Reports of Colonel A. J. Grigsby, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of operations May 24-June 9.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under my command, in the skirmish at Bartonsville on the night of the 24th instant, and also in the engagement of the 25th at Winchester:

During the night of the 24th, while on the march toward Winchester, the command came in contact with and ambuscade of the enemy at Bartonsville, some 5 miles from the town of Winchester.

The leading regiment having been thrown into confusion by our retiring cavalry breaking through its ranks, my (the Twenty-seventh) gallant manner, driving the enemy from their position under a heavy fire from an invisible enemy without the loss of a man, 2 being slightly wounded. In the charge Private Charles E. Pemberton, of Company G, captured a stand of colors. The march was continued until about 3 a. m., at which time the command halted for repose.

