
Shortly after daylight the command was again put in motion, and had marched but a short distance when they came in sight of the enemy on the hills to the left of the Valley turnpike. My command was ordered to move to the left and occupy a piece of woodland near the hill upon which the enemy had already shown themselves.

A short time after taking the position assigned me I was ordered, in connection with the Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under Colonel Allen, to drive the enemy from their position and to occupy the same. This we did promptly.

For a space of over two hours we remained under a most galling fire of grape, shell, and long-range guns. The enemy commenced a flank movement to our left. Other troops were brought into position, when a general charge was made and the enemy driven hastily from the field.

In this charge they evinced the most gallant conduct, braving every danger coolly and elaborately. While the charge was not made with as much regularity as I desired, it was owing to the fact that a majority of the men were undrilled, the regiment having been on the march from the day they were attached to the command, with scarce a day of rest, much less time or opportunity for drill.

I cannot speak in terms of too high praise of the conduct of my officers during the battle. Each of them evinced perfect coolness and gallantly led his men to the charge as soon as ordered by me to do so. The order I gave in accordance with instructions received from Brigadier-General Winder. The conduct of my officers was such that to make mention of any one by name would be invidious. The non-commissioned officers behaved well and gallantly.

I must make honorable mention of Sergt. William H. H. Powell, of Company G, for the gallant manner in which he bore himself in the charge. He bore the colors of the Twenty-seventh Regiment through the town of Winchester ahead of all others.

The privates behaved gallantly, cheerfully obeying all orders given them.

The regiment suffered but little, having lost in killed and wounded only 4.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GRIGSBY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Virginia Volunteers.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Strength, rank and file, 136.

CAMP NEAR PORT REPUBLIC, VA.,

June 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under my command, in the engagements of the 8th and 9th instant, near the town of Port Republic:

The engagement of the 8th was with artillery; the infantry did not participate. The Twenty-seventh Virginia Regiment was ordered to support Captain Carpenter's battery, and remained near it during the day.

At an early hour Monday morning the command crossed the South

---------------

*One man killed and 1 officer and 2 men wounded.

---------------

