
River and moved down the road leading to Swift Run Gap. The command had proceeded about 1 1/2 miles when the enemy made their appearance and commenced shelling our advance guard. Captain Poague's battery was ordered up and took position in the field to the left of the road. My (the Twenty-seventh) regiment was ordered to support his battery. I immediately took position a short distance in rear of it, and remained under a heavy fore of shell for over an hour. The battery, by order, changed its position. I made a corresponding change, keeping near it. My regiment was afterwards ordered to move to the left the battery was limbered up to move. I was ordered to form in line of battle, move to the front, and take position on the right of the Seventh Louisiana. This I promptly did, when both regimens moved forward across an open field under a heavy fire of grape, by which my ranks were considerably thinned. The Seventh Louisiana took position under cover of a fence; my regiment still advanced some distance farther. Finding myself unsupported, I ordered my command to drop back on a line with the Seventh Louisiana. We remained under a perfect shower of balls for near an hour. In this position my horse was shot twice and so disabled that I was compelled to leave him.

My command, though small, boldly maintained its position until two regiments of the enemy came within 20 paces of their line, when they fell back, by my order, amid a perfect shower of balls, the whole line giving way about the same time. The enemy did not retain his advantage long, as they were compelled to fall back, and were soon driven from the field. A part of my regiment joined our pursuing forces.

In this engagement the Twenty-seventh suffered severely, having lost in killed, wounded, and missing 47 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates.

Too much praise cannot be given my officers for the gallant manner in which they bore themselves throughout the entire action, bracing every danger coolly and elaborately. The non-commissioned officers and men behaved well and gallantly, moving forward in good order under a heavy fire of grape, obeying all orders cheerfully.

To make mention by name of any of my officers would be invidious where all behaved so well. The same of my non-commissioned officers and privates.

Strength, rank and file, 150.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GRIGSBY,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Virginia Volunteers.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 74. Reports of Colonel John F. Neff, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of operations May 23-June 9.

BIVOUAC NEAR NEW MARKET, VA.,

June 4, 1862.

SIR: In relation to the part taken by my regiment in the affairs upon

---------------

*List of casualties shows 1 officer (Lieutenant James A. Lennon) and 6 men killed, 2 officers and 26 men wounded, and 11 men missing. It appears from records that Lieutenant Joseph H. Haynes died from wounds.

---------------

48 R R-VOL XII

