
ground for an hour or more; the brigade was started, my regiment being in the rear of the whole, except the artillery. We marched very leisurely for 1 1\2 miles down the turnpike road in the direction of Winchester until arriving at Hollingsworth's Mill. My regiment was again halted in the rear of the Fifth Virginia Infantry, while regiments in front filed to the left and right of the Vally turnpike road, halting for perhaps ten minutes. I again moved on, following the regiment in front of me (the Fifth Virginia), still moving down the read for nearly a quarter of a mile, where, the Fifth filing to the left by a large stone mill, I followed with my command, halting, however, before the regiment had all turned off the turnpike, as I found the Fifth was again halted, and having received no orders from the brigade commander, I conformed with the movements of the regiment immediately in my front.

While halting here the batteries of Captains Poague, Carpenter, and Cutshaw passed my command, going to the left, also the Second Brigade, Colonel Campbell's, going in the same direction. I had halted for nearly an hour in this position, when a lieutenant, whom I recognized as belonging to a company in the Fifth Regiment, came with a verbal order from General Winder to follow on immediately in rear of the infantry, then marching to the left (I think Colonel Campbell's command), and to support Carpenter's battery. I immediately advanced in the direction indicated, and had gone about 200 paces, when, seeing General Winder approaching, I advanced to meet him. I was directed to place my command in a gully a short distance behind the caissons of the pieces I was to support. I caused my men to lie down, that they might be better protected from the shells that were exploding over us.

I had been in this position about half an hour when the battery ceased firing, the pieces being either disabled or out of ammunition, as I supposed. I was ordered still to keep my position, and informed that two pieces of Cutshaw's battery would take the position then occupied by two of Carpenter's battery. While I occupied the position behind the batteries I was partly exposed to a cross-fire from two batteries then playing on two or our own nearly at right angles to each other. My loss here was 1 killed and 1 wounded by the explosion of a shell.

Before the pieces of Cutshaw's battery were well in position General Jackson passed near my command and inquired what my orders were. I replied, "To support that battery," pointing to it. The position of the pieces was slightly altered from what it was when directed where to go by General Winder, and General Jackson directed me to throw my left forward, so as to get my line parallel with the battery, and then move the whole forward, place a few men immediately behind the crest of the hill as skirmishers, and if any battery of the enemy was brought on the neighboring hill immediately in my front, to charge it with the bayonet. I replied, "Very well, general, but my regiment is rather small." His answer was, "Take it."

Although I looked for my orders to the general of the brigade, I felt convinced that I was carrying out his order of supporting the battery by slightly shifting my position, as the battery had done so, and I accordingly carried out a portion of General Jackson's order. It never became necessary to charge with the bayonet. Soon after changing position General Winder approached; the battery was ordered to a new position, and I was ordered (until further orders) to conform to the movements of the battery. Several new positions were taken by the battery as the enemy was giving way, until their rout commenced, when I faced the regiment by the left flank and followed the battery, at a

