
double-quick most of the way, until we had got a considerable distance north of Winchester.

In going toward the town my command picked up a stand of U. S. cavalry colors, which were turned over to the brigade commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, of the Thirty-third Regiment. I followed, with my command down the Martinsburg road for about 4 1/2 miles, where I was ordered to halt and bivouac with the rest of the brigade. My casualties on the 25th were but 1 killed and 1 wounded-members of Company F.

I forgot to mention that my loss in the skirmish on the night of the 24th was 4 severely and 2 slightly wounded, exclusive of 2 lieutenants ad 4 privates, run over by our cavalry and badly bruised-several, I fear, seriously injured.

During the whole of the engagement of the 25th, both officers and men under my command behaved with great steadiness and coolness

under a very warm fire of artillery, and in a great measure regained the confidence I had reposed in them by having witnessed their gallant bearing on many trying occasions in the past campaign, but which confidence was greatly shaken by the mortifying circumstance on the night of the 24th. It must not be forgotten, however, that Companies A (Captain Grace) and F (Captain Spengler) deployed as skirmishers on that night, behaved very well, and that the cavalry, rushing back through my ranks, alone occasioned the confusion and disorder in my reserve. I omitted to mention that Major Holiday was detailed to act as aide to Major-General Jackson, and acted upon his staff during the entire day.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. F. NEFF,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Regiment Virginia Vols.

Brigadier General CHARLES S. WINDER,

First Brigade, Valley District.

P. S.-Strength, rank and file, 150.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT VIRGINIA INFANTRY,June 16, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the killed and wounded of the Thirty-third Regiment Virginia Infantry in the several engagements with the enemy at Winchester and Charlestown:

Battle of Winchester-killed, 1; wounded, 6.

Battle of Charlestown-wounded, 6.

None killed or wounded at the battle near Port Republic.

JNO. F. NEFF,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Virginia Regiment.

D. H. WALTON, Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT,Brown's Gap, Va., June 11, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment on Sunday and Monday, the 8th and 9th instant:

About 9 a. m. on Sunday last the camp was suddenly startled by

