
back, and was told upon inquiry, that they could get no position ahead and were coming back to a better one; I could get no information from the First Brigade. In this dilemma I concluded to fall in with Elzey's brigade, and sent Major Holiday to report to Colonel Walker until I could hear positively and know what to do. Before reporting to Colonel Walker the major accidentally met with Lieutenant Garnett, and soon after with General Winder and General Jackson. Order now came in abundance. I do not remember which came first, but one from General Jackson in person-to push to the front at a double-quick-followed by others from other sources, but all tending to urge to the front. I pushed on as fast as I could, passing several regiments, and was in turn passed by others. The enemy were already falling back. The firing was, however, still quite warm, but receded quite rapidly, and I never got up in time to participate in the firing. My regiment followed in the pursuit for 5 or 6 miles until the infantry was halted and ordered back, when I came back, following in the rear of the brigade.

Being but little exposed to danger during the two days that the army was engaged with the enemy, my regiment has sustained no loss at their hands.

My situation on the 9th was a perplexing and unpleasant one. I used my best efforts to reach my brigade in time to be of service and to act with it, but for reasons above stated was unable to do so.

Strength of regiment, rank and file, 260.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. NEFF,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Virginia Infantry.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 75. Reports of Captain Joseph Carpenter, Virginia Artillery, of engagements at Winchester and Port Republic.
HEADQUARTERS CARPENTER'S BATTERY,Winchester, Va., May 26, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your orders of this date I make the following report of the operations of my battery in the battle of Winchester on the 25th instant:

After marching the day previous and nearly all night without sleep, I received orders early on the morning of the 25th to move my battery forward and place it in position to the left and south of Winchester on a height that was pointed out to me by the major-general. I executed this order as speedily as possible.

After placing my pieces in position and opening fire upon the enemy I found that I was exposed to an enfilading fire from a battery of two pieces on my left and a direct fire from a battery of six pieces in my front. However, after firing some 30 or 40 rounds on the battery in front, I was very much rejoiced to see it limber to the rear and move off, as it left me only exposed to the fire of the battery to my left and the enemy's sharpshooters in my rear.

At this time my first lieutenant, John C. Carpenter, was placed in command of Captain Cutshaw's battery, which had lost all the commis-

