
sioned officers with it, and I was ordered to change my position on an elevated position on the left of the line of battle. I moved as speedily as possible to the left of General Taylor's brigade; but before getting into position I was told by the general that he intended charging the enemy's left flank, and not to fire. His charge completely routed the left flank of the enemy, and I received orders to pursue the enemy as speedily as possible, but in consequence of the worn-out condition of my horses I was unable to get to the front.

The artillery duel was a hot one, as the following list will show: Killed, 1, and wounded, 6. During the engagements I lost 2 horses.

As to the manner in which the company performed its duty, suffice it to say that the brigadier-general must be cognizant, as he was present several times during the engagement.

Very respectfully submitted.

JOS. CARPENTER,

Commanding Battery.

General CHARLES S. WINDER,

Commanding First Brigade.

P. S.-Strength, rank and file, 52.
HEADQUARTERS CARPENTER'S BATTERY,June 11, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders I hereby make the following report of the operations of my company in the recent engagements of the 8th and 9th instant near Port Republic:

On the morning of the 8th, while in camp on the heights opposite Port Republic, and, as I supposed, in quarters for one day at least, my horses all turned out to graze, I was very much surprised to hear a brisk cannonading at or near the bridge over the Shenandoah River. Knowing that the enemy was ont heat side of the river, and believing that he had made his appearance, I immediately ordered my horses to be caught and harnessed and my battery put in readiness for action. At this time I received orders from you to move my battery forward as soon as possible. I did so, and placed it in a position at a point indicated by yourself. Upon looking across the river I saw the enemy's cavalry in full retreat, and upon laking down the river I observed his infantry coming, upon which I turned my pieces and opened fire. He was at first very obstinate and appeared determined to move forward, but a few rounds from our artillery upon the head of this column soon taught him the importance of the about-face and double-quick in his drills. I then kept up a fire upon his retreating column, advancing by half battery so long as it was in sight. After remaining some time at the last position occupied, some half a mile below the bridge, I received orders to move to camp.

Early in the morning on the 9th instant I received orders to move my battery across the South River. After proceeding a short distance down observed. Two of my pieces were unlimbered, and one or two rounds drove them off. I then received orders to limber up and move to the right. About this time the enemy opened fire upon us. I was then ordered to move my pieces forward and through a wood that was just in front of me. After examining the wood I found that it was impossible to move artillery through in consequence of the thick under-

