
growth. I reported this fact to Captain O'Brien, assistant adjutant-general, when he directed that I should send one section of my battery to the support of the left. I did so, under the command of Lieutenant McKendree, who reported to the general in person, and was ordered to take position on the extreme left. Of the operations of this section the general must be acquainted, as it was under his immediate observation nearly the whole time. With Captain O'Brien's permission I ordered the other section, under command of Lieutenant Carpenter, to take a position on the extreme right, as there was no artillery there, and by so doing to get a cross-fire upon the enemy. He moved forward until within short range of the enemy's guns and opened upon them with shell. Very soon the infantry of the enemy began to advance upon him. The I ordered a round or two of canister, which staggered them. He continued to pour canister into their ranks and maintained his ground until his ammunition, except a few shell, was exhausted, in consequence of which and the close proximity of the enemy I ordered him to move to the rear and fill his limbers again.

I then went to look after my other section on the left. After getting nearly there I found that it had already been ordered to the rear.

The artillery duel was a sharp one, having been fought principally with canister and short-range shell.

Strength on 8th, rank and field, 70. Strength on 9th, rank and file, 55; 11 not engaged.*

Very respectfully submitted.

JOS. CARPENTER,

Commanding Battery.

Captain JOHN F. O'BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 76. Reports of Captain William T. Poague, Virginia (Rockbridge) Artillery, of operations May 23-June 9.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 23rd ultimo, at about 4 p. m., when distant 5 1/2 miles from Front Royal, I was ordered to report, with my two Parrott pieces, to Major-General Jackson, near Front Royal. I proceeded as rapidly as the jaded condition of my horses would permit, but was unable to get to the scene of action before the retreat of the enemy. I reached the Shenandoah River at dark, and finding the road blocked by artillery and infantry, and not being able to find General Jackson, I went into camp, and awaited the arrival of the brigade.

Following with the brigade the next day, I received orders to report, with my Parrott guns, to Major-General Jackson, who directed me to report to Colonel Ashby, on the road leading to Middletown. I found the colonel about 4 miles from Middletown, driving the enemy's pickets before him. Following along with Captain Chew's battery, supported by a few companies of infantry, we came up with a train of the enemy's

---------------

*List of casualties shows 4 men wounded.

---------------

