
wagons, escorted by a considerable body of cavalry, making its way toward Winchester. A few rounds drove their cavalry in great confusion down the road. Following on in the pursuit, and firing as often as I could get within range, I finally came up with a regiment of infantry about a mile from Newtown, which seemed disposed to make a stand, but was soon dispersed by a few well-directed shell.

Here I was ordered to halt until an infantry support should arrive. Proceeding with these, and when less than 1 mile front Newtown, three guns of the enemy opened fire upon our infantry and cavalry. this was about 5 p. m. I at once took a position on the left of the road and opened fire upon their battery. The firing was kept up on both sides until about dusk, when the enemy's guns withdrew. In this combat 3 of my men were wounded. Two of my horses were killed by a shell.

I was then ordered by Major-General Jackson to proceeded in advance. Afterward a company of infantry was placed on each side of the orad, a little in advance of my pieces, and a company of cavalry in front. On arriving at Barton's Mill the enemy fired a volley into the cavalry, which immediately whirled and retread in great confusion, running over and disabling two of my cannon-drivers. After this two of my pieces marched in rear of the brigade until dawn, when they were again ordered to the front. At this point commences my report of the operations of the battery on the 25th, which has been sent in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. POAGUE,

Captain of Battery.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

A. A. G., First Brigade, Valley District.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the battery under my command on the engagement of the 25th near Winchester:

In pursuance of directions from Brigadier-General Winder the two Parrott guns, under charge of lieutenant Graham, were posted on the top of the ridge about 1 mile south of Winchester. My orders were to fire upon the enemy's artillery, known to be in position across the pike. While unlimbering a regiment of the enemy's infantry was discovered crossing the ridge on my left, about 500 or 600 yards distant, and at the same time a battery wheeled into position about 200 yards beyond the infantry, thus completely enfilading the position first taken. My pieces were instantly turned to the left and several rounds fired at the infantry, compelling them to seek shelter behind a stone fence, from which they commenced firing upon us, wounding several cannoneers and horses.

In the mean time their battery opened a brisk fire, and, not wishing to continue so unequal a contest, I ordered the caissons to a place of security, following soon after with the limber and the piece. During this time Lieutenant Brown, with the remainder of the battery (four guns), had come up, with orders to take a position on the extreme left. Seeing that it would be impracticable to place them in position in that vicinity, I had them brought and posted to the left and in rear of my first position, where the caissons and limbers were well protected and the cannoneers sheltered by the crest of the ridge. From this position

