
fire was opened on the enemy's battery. Shortly afterward I was ordered by the brigadier-general to fire solid shot into the wall from behind which the enemy's infantry were greatly annoying our troops. They were soon driven from their shelter, and but few returned afterwards.

By this time my company had suffered considerably, and on reporting its condition to General Winder was ordered to cease firing and draw the pieces under cover. In a short time the enemy commenced retreating, pursued by our troops. I followed as rapidly as possible, but from the exhausted condition of my horses was unable to get to the front.

The following is a list of casualties sustained by the battery during this engagements: Killed, 2; wounded, 15; horses killed, 4; wounded, 5. One wheel of a caisson was injured by a shell.

It gives me pleasure to be able to testify to the good conduct of all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, with a few exceptions among the letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. POAGUE,

Captain Rockbridge Artillery.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

A. A. G., First Brigade, Valley District.

P. S.-Strength, rank and field, 89.

BROWN'S GAP, VA., June 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the battery under my command on the 8th and 9th instant near Port Republic, Va.:

On the morning of the 8th, in obedience to directions from Brigadier-General Winder, I hastened from camp with one of my Parrott guns, the first hitched up and ready to move, in the direction of the bridge at Port Republic, about three-fourths of a mile distant. Under the direction of Major-General Jackson, in person, this gun was placed in position in the wheat field near the bridge, commanding both it and the country beyond the Shenandoah River. This piece drove the enemy's cavalry from beyond the river, and fired two shots at a 6-pounder stationed by the enemy at the farther extremity of the bridge, when the cannoneers abandoned the gun and retreated across the river, taking the limber with them. After this piece had been placed in position I hurried back, and found my other agnus, four in number, taking a ;position, under the direction of Brigadier-General Winder, on a ridge to the left of the road, and nearly opposite the position occupied by two pieces of the enemy's artillery, which had kept up an irregular fire for some time. After two or three shots from my battery these two guns ceased firing. One of them, I learn, was afterward found in the woods were turned upon the enemy's infantry, several regiments of which were within range. They were soon driven back, retreating in considerable haste, leaving some of their dead along the road. Two of my guns were then moved about a mile down the river, to a position from which to sweep the road if the enemy should again endeavor to advance. This, however, was not attempted, and shortly after dark all of my guns were taken to camp. Strength of company, rank and file, 73.

