
ism as to desert their posts in the hour of danger. One officer, however, about whose case I was satisfied, I have placed under arrest, and shalt bring the matter the proper tribunal at the earliest opportunity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Virginia Regiment.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

A. A. G., Second Brigade, Valley District.

Numbers 78. Report of Captain John E. Penn, Forty-second Virginia Infantry, of operations May 23-25.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND VIRGINIA REGIMENT,On the Winchester and Martinsburg Road,

Four miles from Winchester, Va., May 10, 1862.

On Friday, May 23, this regiment, constituting a part of the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel John A. Campbell, marched from its camp, on the Luray and Front Royal road, 2 miles form the former place, to Front Royal, arriving there after the engagement of the day had closed. Saturday it continued in pursuit of the enemy on the road to Middletown, thence on the road to Winchester, and rested one hour during the night near the village of Kernstown.

At 5 o'clock on Sunday morning it was ordered to support Captain Cuthshaw's battery, occupying the eminence near and to the left of Barton's Mill.

Early in the engagement Major Henry Lane, commanding the regiment, was wounded and compelled of leave the field. I, as senior captain, then assumed command. The regiment held the above position during the engagement, protected from the heavy fire of the enemy by the rifle pits, and followed in pursuit of the enemy to this place.*

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. E. PENN,

Captain, Commanding Forty-second Virginia Regiment.

Colonel JOHN M. PATTON,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 79. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Martin, Forty-second Virginia Infantry, of operations June 8-9.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLS.,Camp near Port Republic, Va., June 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you, for the information of Colonel Patton, commanding Second Brigade, Valley District, the following report of the operations of the Forty-second Regiment Virginia

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties shows 1 officer and 2 men wounded.

---------------

