
Volunteers during the recent engagements of the 8th and 9th near Port Republic:

Between 8 and 9 o'clock of the morning of the 8th instant the Forty-second Regiment received orders from headquarters to load their wagons, form quickly, and proceed from their encampment, which was about 1 1/2 miles from Port Republic, on the Harrisonburg orad. The regiment was promptly conducted to the heights near Port Republic, and stationed on the left of the road in an open field in rear of our batteries and in view of the retreating enemy on the opposite side of the Shenandoah River. We retained that position until about 1 o'clock, in hearing of heavy cannonading and musketry in our rear, when I was ordered by Colonel Patton to move my regiment quickly in that direction. I accordingly promptly put my regiment in motion, and conducted them back along the Harrisonburg road to a church, a distance of 3 miles, where I was met by Colonel Patton, and received orders to throw my regiment in line of battle to the right of the road and march them in quick-time in the direction of the firing, which I accordingly did, and, after marching them several hundred yards, I received orders to conduct my regiment to the left of the position occupied by our batteries. I accordingly placed myself at the head of the regiment and conducted it through an open field a distance of half a mile in rear of our batteries, under a heavy fire of shells and Minie balls from the enemy.

On reaching the woods I was met by Captain Nelson, of General Ewell's staff, who conducted us a short distance to General Ewell, by whom I was ordered to place my regiment in position on the brow of the hill to the left of our batteries, which position we occupied about a half hour, many shells and Minie balls passing over us. We were then conducted by Colonel Patton about 300 yards farther to the left, and formed on the left of the First Virginia Battalion, when I threw out two companies of skirmishers, commanded by Captain Dobyns. We marched for a short distance, then changed direction to the right, proceeding down quite a steep hill, crossed a small stream, about which place there were traces of repeated and heavy skirmishing on both sided-our skirmishers, as I have been informed by the captain in command, at one time driving back an entire regiment of the enemy, the casualties of which upon our side have been given i a report which I have heretofore had the honor of submitting.

Shortly after crossing the stream the Seventh Louisiana Regiment passed in our rear and formed on our left. We continued our march in the direction of the road, a short time before reaching which a sharp fire from the enemy drove in our skirmishers, and we halted, which was then about dark. We remained in this position until a little before daybreak the next morning, in full view of the enemy's camp-fires and in the hearing of their voices.

About 11 o'clock at night a scouting party, consisting of a sergeant and 4 men of the Fifth Connecticut Cavalry, rode up to a picket posted on the Harrisonburg road and were captured, and were evidently ignorant of the fact that we were in their vicinity.

A little before daybreak on the morning of the 9th instant Colonel Patton returned to my regiment, and conducted us, with the First Virginia Battalion, back to the church where we were thrown in line of battle on the previous day. We were then placed under the command, then crossing the bridge at Port Republic, which bridge was burned about 10 a. m., and we marched down the river 2 or 3 miles, and finding the

