
column of General Shields was completely routed, we were ordered across the mountain at Brown's Gap, and camped on the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge.

During the whole of the two days in question, although losing only 1 man killed and 2 wounded, as stated in a former report, we were nevertheless exposed to the fire of the enemy, both artillery and infantry, for several hours on the 8th instant, and I am pleased to say that the officers and men behaved with remarkable coolness and bravery.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

WM. MARTIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Forty-second Regiment Virginia Vols.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 80. Report of Major John b. Moseley, Twenty-first Virginia commanding Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 28, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to Orders, No.--, I beg leave to submit my report of the operations of the Forty-eighth Regiment Virginia Volunteers at the battle of Winchester, on the 25th instant:

On reaching the field of battle I was in my place as major of the Twenty-first Virginia Regiment, which had been ordered to support Poague's battery. While with the regiment in the position assigned it I was ordered by Colonel Patton, who assumed command of the brigade in consequence of the wounding of Colonel Campbell, to take command of the Forty-eighth Regiment, its commander having likewise been wounded. I found the Forty-eighth in its position in a trench in advance of the Twenty-first Regiment. There the regiment remained until the right flank of the enemy was turned by General Taylor's brigade and other troops and the enemy commenced their retreat. We were then ordered to join in the pursuit, which was continued until we were called off and ordered into camp at our present position. While in the trenches the regiment was somewhat exposed to the fire of the enemy, and afterward, while engaged in the pursuit. The men and officers of the regiment behaved well.

The casualties are as follows: Wounded, 7; killed, 2.

Captain Hale was wounded early in the action.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MOSELEY,

Major, Twenty-first Regiment, Commanding, pro tempore, 48th Regiment

Colonel JOHN M. PATTON,

Commanding Second Brigade.

