
Numbers 82. Reports of Captain B. W. Leigh, First Virginia Battalion, of operations May 25-June 9.
HDQRS. FIRST VIRGINIA BATT., PROVISIONAL ARMY,Camp near Mount Jackson, Shenandoah County, Va., June 3, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you, for the information of Colonel Patton, commanding the Second Brigade, a report of the operations of the First Virginia Battalion, Provisional Army, during the recent engagement near Winchester:

At about 6 o'clock in the morning of May 25 the battalion, along with the rest of the brigade, left the Valley turnpike at the Milltown Mill, and proceeded a short distance to a point to the left and rear of some fortifications on the top of a hill. Here we were ordered to support, in conjunction with the Twenty-first Regiment Virginia Volunteers, the Rockbridge Battery of Artillery. The battery took a position on the crest of a ridge behind which the Twenty-first Regiment and we were lying, and opened fire upon an enemy's battery and some infantry who occupied the crest of a ridge nearly parallel with that which we occupied. The fire was maintained on both sides for about an hour and a half. Four men of the battalion-all in Company D-were wounded. Colonel John A. Campell, then commanding the brigade, was wounded during this time.

About 7.30 o'clock a number of regiments, consisting, as I have been informed, of the Louisiana Brigade, formed in line of battle in some fields to the left of us and made a charge upon the enemy. At their approach the enemy fled. The Rockbridge Battery immediately engaged in the pursuit of them and the brigade followed the battery. We proceeded in the pursuit of them and the bridge followed the battery. We proceeded rapidly through Winchester, and halted at about 11.30 o'clock at a grove about 4 miles from a town on the Martinsburg road.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

B. W. LEIGH,

Captain, Commanding First Virginia Battalion, Prov. Army.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c. [Second Brigade].
HDQRS. FIRST VA. BATT., PROV. ARMY, C. S. A.,Camp near Port Republic, Va., June 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you, for the information of the officer commanding the Second Brigade, a report of the operations of the First Virginia Battalion, Provisional Army, C. S. A., on the 8th and 9th instant:

At about 8.30 o'clock on the morning of the 8th instant the battalion, along with the rest of the brigade, was ordered to load the wagons, form quickly, and proceed from their encampment-which was situated on the road from Harrisonburg to Port Republic, about a mile from the latter place-in direction of Port Republic. On our reaching the brow of the heights on the left bank of the Shenandoah overlooking Port Republic the battalion was detached from the rest of the brigade and ordered to support a rifled piece belonging to Cutshaw's battery. The piece moved off to the left and assumed a position on the bank of

49 R R-VOL XII

