
About 8 o'clock we heard a cannonade to our rear in the direction of Port Republic.

About 8.30 o'clock we commenced our march back toward Port Republic. On the way we halted at our old encampment and furnished the men with provisions, which had been cooked for them, as I have already mentioned.

At 10 o'clock we crossed the bridge at Port Republic.

At 10.15 the bridge was burned. We crossed the South Branch of the Shenandoah on a temporary bridge and proceeded about 2 miles down the right bank of the river.

At about 11.45 o'clock large bodies of the enemy's infantry, cavalry, and artillery commenced to appear on the heights on the left bank of the river, and rapidly deployed in long lines along the heights.

About 12.30 o'clock our troops filed to the right and marched along a cross-road to the road from Port Republic to Brown's Gap. On reaching that road we continued our march across the mountain, and a little before dark halted a short distance from the summit on the eastern side of the mountain.

During the whole of the two days in question not a single man in the battalion was killed or wounded nor did the battalion fire a single shot. We were, nevertheless, exposed to the fire of the enemy, both artillery and infantry, for several hours on the 8th, and regiments not more exposed than ourselves suffered severely.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

B. W. LEIGH,

Captain, Commanding First Virginia Battalion, P. A., C. S. A.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

Numbers 83. Report of Captain William H. Caskie, Virginia (Hampden) Artillery, of engagement at Winchester.

HAMPDEN ARTILLERY,

Camp, June 3, 1862.

In obedience to orders I have respectfully to report that early on the morning of May 25 (Sunday) my battery was halted by General Jackson in front of the stone mill, about three-fourths of a mile from Winchester, as there was no desirable position unoccupied by our batteries. Here we remained until the gallant charge of our Louisiana Brigade, hurried my battery to the front at a rapid gallop, and opened fire first a short distance outside of Winchester. I kept the advance on the Martinsburg turnpike, availing myself of every position to fire upon the retreating column and train of the enemy.

Just before reaching Stevenson's Depot my first lieutenant James A. Caskie, was wounded in the leg by a piece of the enemy's shell and taken to the rear.

Having no support, General Jackson ordered me to give up the pursuit at Stevenson's Depot, and it was my privilege to receive my orders directly from General Jackson, who superintended my operations.

During the chase Sergeant Etting, of my company, captured 6 of the enemy and duly delivered them to the proper authorities.

