
As our cavalry was not on the ground, by General Jackson's order the lead horses of my caissons were unhitched, and some of my cannoneers mounted for a charge, but, owing to orders to halt soon thereafter, did not undertake the hazardous duty for which they bravely volunteered.

Most respectfully,

W. H. CASKIE,

Captain, Commanding Hampden Artillery.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 84. Report of Colonel Samuel V. Fulkerson, Thirty-seventh Virginia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 24-25.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, VALLEY DISTRICT,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 28, 1862.

SIR: In making my report of the part acted by the Third Brigade in the battle near Winchester, on the 25th instant, I have to say that on the morning of the 24th the brigade left its bivouac, 4 miles south of the main Valley pike, in the direction of Winchester. Owing to delay, occasioned by the enemy's skirmisher embarrassing the advance of the head of the column, daylight opened upon us near Kernstown, after time a vigorous fire was going on between our own and the enemy's batteries. I was ordered to file my brigade to the left of the pike and take position under shelter of a hill, for the purpose of supporting one of our batteries. I was also ordered to report to General Winder, who was already upon the ground.

I placed the Twenty-third and Thirty-seventh Virginia Volunteers in the position indicated, when General Winder ordered me to occupy a wooded hill to my left, in an adjoining field, with one regiment, which position he informed me the enemy were on the move to occupy. I at once ordered Colonel Warren, with the Tenth Virginia Volunteers, to take position on the hill, which he quickly did.

In a short time General Winder ordered me to place another regiment on the hill with the Tenth, when I ordered Major Williams to march the Thirty-seventh there, which he did with dispatch.

During all of the time of these movements, and in fact from the time when the brigade first entered the field, it was exposed to a severe fire from the enemy's batteries and long-range small-arms.

After these movements had been executed Colonel Taliaferro was ordered to move the Twenty-third forward and charge a battery of the enemy in his front. He pushed forward his regiment his regiment in gallant style; but in the mean time General Taylor's brigade.

On reaching the top of the ridge on which the enemy's batteries had been placed a sharp musketry fire ensued, but soon a general charge was made by our whole line, when the enemy gave way and fled precipitately through Winchester int he wildest confusion. We followed

