
in immediate pursuit on the Martinsburg road for 4 miles, where we were halted.

A list of casualties is herewith furnished,* from which it will be seen that the troops of the brigade is comparatively light.

Colonels Taliaferro (commanding the Twenty-third) and Warren (commanding the Tenth) and Major Williams (commanding the Thirty-seventh) acted in the most gallant and efficient manner.

I refer to the reports of Colonels Taliaferro and Warren and Major Williams for the conduct of the officers and men of their respective regiments.

I with pride bear testimony to the gallant conduct of the whole brigade, both officers and men.

I am indebted to Captain William B. Pendleton, acting assistant adjutant-general, for his gallant conduct and the prompt and cheerful manner with which he executed my orders.

Captain Wooding's battery was not placed in position during the day.

Respectfully,

SAM. V. FULKERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Valley District.

Numbers 85. Report of Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 8-9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, VALLEY DISTRICT,Camp near Port Republic, Va., June 13, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make a brief report of the operations of my brigade on the 8th and 9th instant:

On the morning of the 8th my camp on the north side of the Shenandoah was disturbed by the sound of artillery close under the hills below, us and apparently in the town of Port Republic. I immediately ordered the brigade to be forme, and as it was about to be formed for inspection the regiments were speedily in line. I received orders to move the regiments as they were formed down to the bridge, which was done. On reaching the crest of the hill overlooking the town and river I perceived that a party of the enemy, consisting of some cavalry and two field pieces, had penetrated the town, and that a piece was planted at the mouth of the bridge, commanding its entrance and the whole distance through it. I found Major-General Jackson on the hill, in person directing the fire of some of our pieces, and he ordered me to charge across the bridge, capture the piece, and occupy the town. We were exposed to considerable fire from the enemy's guns in crossing the hill, and the Thirty-seventh Regiment lost 3 men, but that regiment, Colonel Fulkerson, with the utmost gallantry, after delivering a fire, charged across the bridge, captured the piece, and chased the enemy from the village, killing and capturing several of them. Had I known the topography we could have captured most of the enemy, but we made at first for the lower ford, which I supposed was the only one leading into the town.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

