
Lieutenant Duncan, of the Thirty-seventh, perceiving the enemy crossing at an upper ford, promptly detached a part of the regiment and fired upon the retreating enemy at that point, but not in time to cut them off. I threw the Tenth, Colonel Warren, into the town, and occupied with that and the Thirty-seventh the fords near the town, placed a battery (Carrington's) on the hill on the west side, which commanded the upper fords, and sent the Twenty-third Regiment to protect the ford near Weyer's Cave. In the mean time the enemy's infantry, which had advanced toward the town, were driven back by the artillery in great confusion. Captain Wooding's battery, of my brigade, did beautiful service from its position, the precision and accuracy of its fire, and the terrible execution it effected, eliciting the admiration of all who witnessed it.

In obedience to the orders of the commanding general I occupied the town during the night with part of my command, and was ordered at dawn of the 9th to reoccupy the position I had held on the 8th, so as to co-operate with General Trimble's and Colonel Patton's brigades, which were to remain on the north side of the river. The other brigades of the army then passed me to attack Shield's troops down the valley.

After the fight had lasted some time I was ordered to move to the scene of action, which was accomplished by my men with wonderful celerity. I came up with the enemy at Lewis' house, and found them posted in the orchard and under the crest of a hill. General Taylor's which, with extraordinary gallantry, they had driven the enemy, capturing a full battery.

At this point I could perceive that the enemy was leaving the orchard and slowly retreating down the felt. I hurried up my command as rapidly as possible, fired upon the enemy, who, after delivering two volleys at us from an entire regiment, became demoralized, broke, and precipitately retreated. We pursued them 7 miles with the infantry, and captured between 300 and 400. I do not estimate the number taken by other troops.

Captain Wooding's battery had during this time been rendering most effective service, and the effect of his shot was remarkable. By direction of Major-General Jackson two pieces of his battery were pushed forward and pursued the enemy, with the cavalry, for many miles beyond the infantry, rendering, under the eye of the commanding general, the most effective service.

In conclusion I have to state that my brigade had the opportunity to take but little part in the glorious victory achieved by our troops on this day. They reached the battle-field only just before the enemy retreated, were under fire for a very short time, and only had the satisfaction of securing the fruits of the gallantry of others. Nevertheless I trust I shall be pardoned for referring to the rapidity with which they pressed forward to the fight and the zeal and gallantry manifested by officers and men.

The Thirty-seventh Regiment, Colonel Fulkerson, was in front, and captured most of the prisoners. Captain Wood and Lieutenant Duncan of that regiment rendered remarkable service, and Sergt. Samuel L. Gray, Company D (Thirty-seventh), actually captured at one time a Federal captain and 11 of his men, all armed, and although fired upon by them, seized the captain's sword and made the men throw down their arms.

I am under obligations to the officers of my staff, Captain Pendleton,

