
assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Taliaferro, aide-de-camp, and Major Stanard, brigade commissary, for their services and gallant conduct. Colonel Fulkerson, in the advance, managed his command admirably, and Colonel Warren, Tenth Virginia, and Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, Twenty-third, kept their commands closed up and well in hand for action.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade, Valley District.

Major R. L. DABNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 86. Report of Colonel E. T. H. Warren, Tenth Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

May 27, 1862.

In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Tenth Virginia Regiment in the action of the 25th instant:

On arriving at the scene of action I was ordered by Colonel Fulkerson to proceed rapidly to our left and occupy a wooded hill toward which the enemy were advancing. I did so, securing an advantageous position for the regiment, and deployed skirmishers in front, under cover of rocks and trees. These were under the command of Captain Coffman, who behaved most gallantly, and so worried the enemy, posted behind a stone wall, that he succeeded in drawing their fire. At this moment (Colonel Fulkerson having arrived with the Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment and Brigadier-General Taylor with a portion of his command) a vigorous charge was made (the Tenth forming on General Taylor's left), when the rout of the enemy commenced and the pursuit begun, which was continued by this regiment 4 miles beyond Winchester.

In my operations I was much aided by my field officers, Lieutenant Colonel S. T. Walker, Major J. Stover, and First Lieutenant Kisling, who was acting adjutant, and discharged his duty with great boldness. Men and officers all behaved as well as men ever did, and proved, as they have ever done, that they can be relied on in any emergency.

The loss sustained was 1 killed and 8 wounded, among which was Captain Mauck.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. T. H. WARREN,

Colonel Tenth Virginia Volunteers.

Captain PENDLETON, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 87. Report of Colonel A. G. Taliaferro, Twenty-third Virginia Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Winchester, Va., May 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to a Special Order, No.-. I have the honor

