
to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers in the late battle of May 25 at Winchester:

Early on the morning of that day orders were received to advance from our position in the road where the night previous we had been halted about 12 o'clock to enable our exhausted troops to acquire a few hours' sleep. The Twenty-third was the front regiment of the Third Brigade at Union Mills, under orders of Colonel Fulkerson, commanding brigade. I filed my command to the left at nearly right angles to the main turnpike, to support a section of Captain Poague's battery, then advancing to take a position in front of the enemy. I subsequently received orders from General Jackson in person, in case the enemy changed, and ordered my regiment to charge, which it did in gallant style. On passing over the hill we received repeated volleys of grape from the enemy. On emerging from the hill we passed a small valley and passed over the hill, and found one piece and a caisson had been abandoned by the enemy. The object of the move being secured, we formed line of battle and moved forward to the right, pressing the enemy until 4 miles beyond Winchester, when we were ordered to halt. The regiment behaved well during the fight. The following is the number of casualties: Wounded, 7.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

By order of A. G. Taliaferro, colonel, commanding.

G. T. WADDY,

Sergeant-Major and Acting Adjutant.

Captain PENDLETON,

[Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.]

Numbers 88. Report of Major T. V. Williams, Thirty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of operations May 23-25.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT,May 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In making my official report of the part acted by the Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment, commanded by myself, during the days of the 23rd, 24th, and 25th (owing to my position in the column), I am forced to say that I had no opportunity of entering into the skirmishing which took place near Front Royal on the 23rd; also the skirmish near Middletown on the 24th.

I marched on the road to Middletown, and my men up to the latter place kept up and marched in very good order, and seemed to endure the fatigue with surprising fortitude. They seemed loath to vacate their position; but loss of sleep and fatigue from the long and continued march forced many of those who would have been proud to have mingled with their companions in the dangers of the battle of the 25th to leave their places, and in consequence of this fact daylight the next morning found me with 300 men ready for action.

At this time I received orders from Colonel S. V. Fulkerson, commanding brigade, to load and prepare to march immediately after Colonel Taliaferro's regiment. I followed, as I had been directed, to the field where Colonel Fulkerson had drawn up in line. Colonel Taliaferro's

