
regiment not being where I could receive information at what point Colonel Fulkerson wished me to form, I came to the conclusion that he wished me to form line and move on in supporting distance of the regiment which attracted his attention at that time. I had just drawn my men up in line, when the enemy's battery to our-front seemed to get the direction of the right flank of our line, and threw shell with great precision into the ranks of Company A, commanded by Lieutenant Taylor. And here allow me to add that both officers and men remained at their post and gallantly maintained their position, though each shell told with terrible effect in their ranks. As soon as I found that the enemy had my direction I ordered Lieutenant Taylor to take his company to the rear and center, and about the time this was completed I received orders from Colonel Fulkerson to take the regiment to the extreme left flank, as the enemy was making an effort to flank our line in that direction. In marching to that position the regiment was subjected to a heavy fire both from cannon and rifle, and I could not, with justice to officers and men, discriminate which acted most gallantly; suffice it to say that each one performed his duty and acted nobly. After arriving at my position, and having formed line of battle, I threw out skirmishers in front, and remained in that position until Colonel Fulkerson ordered me to advance. And here I would notice the gallantry of Captain John A. Preston, who was so eager to pursue that I was forced to restrain him while advancing. We continued to advance; but when we arrived on the hill we found a routed enemy in rapid retreat. We pursued along the Martinsburg road 4 miles beyond Winchester. At this point, completely exhausted, we gave up farther pursuit.

Before closing I take great pleasure in noticing the prompt and efficient attention of Surg. Casper C. Henkle and Asst. Surg. M. M. Butler. I am also under obligations to Adjutant Wood for prompt attention.

The following is the number of casualties: Aggregate-Killed, 1; wounded, 19.

T. V. WILLIAMS,

Major, Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment.

Captain PENDLETON.

Numbers 89. Report of Captain George W. Wooding, Virginia (Danville) Artillery, of operations May 23-25.

CAMP OF DANVILLE ARTILLERY,

Near Winchester, Va., May 27, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions received from yourself I hereby transmit you a brief report of the operations of my command (the Danville Artillery) during the engagements of May 23, 24, and 25:

On the evening of the 23rd I received an order form Colonel Fulkerson to take my rifled piece to the front. I accordingly left the rear of Royal. On reaching that place, about night-fall, I learned that the enemy had been routed and many of them captured by the advance of our army. Seeing no officer at Front Royal to whom I could report, I moved on some 3 miles beyond the town, when, seeing some pieces of artillery which were in advance of mine returning toward Front Royal,

