
I halted my men upon the road-side and ordered them to encamp during the night, while I returned to the rest of my command, which I found encamped, with your brigade, near where I left you in the evening.

On the morning of the 24th I received an order from Colonel Crutchfield, chief of artillery, to join my rifled piece with the rest of my battery. I accordingly sent forward to have it halted until we came up to it, and during the whole of this day my wearied men and jaded horses marched immediately in rear of your brigade until 2 or 3 o'clock on the morning of the 25th, when we halted until dawn in the road, our horses standing hitched to the pieces and the men lying down upon the roadside.

At dawn, in the same order of march as on the previous day, we marched toward Winchester. When within a short distance of that place, and in distinct hearing of the enemy's artillery and musketry, which had opened upon our advancing column, I received orders to remain in the road until ordered forward. I had been there but a few minutes when as aide to General Jackson ordered me to move forward. He carried my battery to within a short distance of the enemy's, who kept up an incessant fire from our right toward our forces posted on our left, some of their shells passing over us and bursting very near to us. This aide to General Jackson informed me that an officer had been sent to choose a position for my battery to the right of the road. I remained there some thirty minutes, when I saw the enemy commence a swift retreat toward Winchester, and, believing, joined in the pursuit which was followed up to this encampment, when we were ordered to halt.

None of my men or horses were injured by the enemy's fire, and the only injury sustained by my command was the natural consequence of weariness and fatigue resulting from long and incessant marching.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. W. WOODING,

Captain, Commanding Danville Artillery.

Colonel S. V. FULKERSON, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 90. Reports of Major General Richard S. Ewell, C. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations May 23-June 9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,New Market, Va., June 4, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the movements of this division from Front Royal to Winchester on May 23, 24, and 25:

The attack and decided results at Front Royal, though this division alone participated, were the fruits of Major-General Jackson's personal superintendence and planning. I will therefore merely state that the attack was made by the First Maryland Regiment (Colonel Bradley T. Johnson) and Major Wheat's special battalion (Louisiana Volunteers), supported by the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Kelly, of the Eighth Louisiana, leading his regiment through the river under fire of artillery and musketry. The Federals, having retired their infantry under cover of their artillery, ceased firing after the engagement had continued about three hours.

The pursuit was immediately commenced under the direction of

