
advance beyond Fredericksburg, with a view to co-operate with General McClellan in his movements against Richmond.

Question by General McDOWELL. What arrangements were made by General McDowell for the reconstruction of the bridge over the Massaponax, south of Fredericksburg, at the time it was in the possession of the enemy?

Answer. That the enemy had prepared combustibles and placed them in position for the purpose of burning the bridge across the Massaponax, 6 miles south of Fredericksburg; that the reconstruction of this bridge would give him 25 continuous miles of railroad over which supplies could be thrown. He asked me if it were not possible to have a bridge ready, and what time would be required to reconstruct it. I replied that I could have a bridge framed and loaded on cars and put it up in half a day. The arrangement than was to move forward on the following Monday, leaving me to reconstruct the communications and forward the supplies, until which time he would rely upon his wagons. It was on Monday, 26th of May, that the forward movement was to take place, this time having been arranged a day or two previous-I do not recollect how long, but it was on the occasion of a visit from the President. I recollect that General McDowell was anxious to march on Sunday. General McDowell used expressions to this effect to the President in my presence: "I will not be quite ready to move on Saturday, as Shield's command is badly of for supplies, which will be received on that day, but by Sunday morning I will be ready." The President remarked, "Take a good ready, and move on Monday morning," or words to that effect

Question by General McDOWELL. What means of communication had General McDowell established over the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg for the passage of his army?

Answer. A very substantial bridge of barges and a pontoon bridge, previous to the construction of the railroad bridge. By his direction the railroad bridge was also planked to admit of the transforation of artillery, infantry, and wagons; subsequently a wire-suspension bridge was constructed; also a trestle bridge; in all, four bridge. Question by General McDOWELL. Had you an opportunity of seeing General McDowell's forces at Fredericksburg? If so, state what was their states to discipline and efficiency, and how supplied and equipped at the time they were about to leave for Richmond.

Answer. I merely saw a portion of the forces in passing to and from headquarters. I know that they were well supplied, but can give no information in regard to other particulars.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the effect of the murder of Robert E. Scott on the inhabitants of the country? Did you mention this to General McDowell?

Answer. The effect was to excite a very strong feeling of indignation throughout the community,and the fact was used against us with great effect. Robert E. Scott was represented as a very influential man, opposed to secession, and so strongly in favor of the Union as to gain the ill-will of many of his friends and neighbors. He was shot down, as I understood, by our men when in the performance of some friendly mission. The case was frequently referred to by residents along the line of the road as an evidence of the character of the Union forces. I believe that I did repeat to General McDowell the representation that had been made to me on this subject.

Question by General McDowell. What acts of violence on the women of the country came to your knowledge near Fredericksburg? Did you report anything of this to General McDowell?

Answer. I reported one case, which occurred within 3 miles of Potomac Bridge. A rape was committed upon the daughter of a farmer who had rendered me material assistance in searching for timber through the woods. I inquired of the parents in regard to the facts, and found that the act had been perpetrated by one of the numerous stragglers who were continually passing through the country in every direction, and from whose ravages not a single farm-house in the vicinity of the road was exempt, except when guarded, and not always even then. While searching for timber

I met these stragglers in every direction, often miles from the road. I reported these facts to General McDowell previous to the issue of his order on the subject of rape.

