
wounded except a few, whose mortal agonies would have been uselessly increased by any change of position.

Some of the enemy's wounded were brought off and arrangements made for moving them all, when I was ordered to another field. There are good reasons for estimating their loss at not less than 2,000 in killed, wounded, and prisoners. On one part of the field they buried 101 at one spot, 15 at another, and a house containing some of their dead was said to have been burned by them, and this only a part of what they lost. They were chiefly of Blenker's division, notorious for months on account of their thefts and dastardly insults to women and children in that part of the State under Federal domination.

The order of march of General Fremont was found on a staff officer left in our hands. It shows seven brigades of infantry, besides numerous cavalry. I had three small brigades during the greater part of the action, and no cavalry at any time. They made no bayonet charge, nor did they commit any particular ravages with grape or canister, although they state otherwise. Colonel Mercer and the Twenty-first Georgia tried to close with them three times, partly succeeding in overtaking them once. That officer is represented to have handled his regiment with great shill, and, with the Sixteenth Mississippi, Colonel Posey, was the closest engaged.

Brigadier-General Trimble, Seventh Brigade, had the brunt of the action, and is entitled to most thanks. Colonel Bradley T. Johnson (First Maryland), Colonel Carnot Posey (Sixteenth Mississippi), Colonel J. T. Mercer (Twenty-first Georgia), Captain Courtney (of the Courtney Battery) are officers who were enabled to render highly valuable service.

I regret that I cannot go more into details of those lower in rank, whose gallant services are recompensed by the esteem of their comrades and their own self-approval; after all, the highest and most enduring record.

I inclose a copy of General Fremont's order of march on the day of battle, and detailed reports of the killed and wounded, names and regiments of the officers killed and wounded, and tabular statements of the same according to regiments; also the official report of Colonel J. A. Walker, commanding the Fourth Brigade.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

Major R. L. DABNEY, Asst. Adjt. General, Valley District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.
Casualties in Third Division, action of June 6, near Harrisonburg.

Killed Wounded

Command	Officers	Enlisted	Officers	Enlisted

men		men

Second Brigade

1st Maryland	 2	 4	.........	 11

58th Virginia	 1	 10	........	 39

Total	 3	 14	........	 50

Command	Officers	Enlisted	Aggregate	Remarks

men

Second Brigade

1st Maryland	.........	..........	 17	Capt

Michael

S.

Robertson and

Lieutenant

Nicholas

Snowden

killed

58th Virginia	.........	 3	 53	Lieutenant T.

A.

Wright

Killed.

Total	.........	 3	 70

