
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,

Harrisonburg, Va., June 8, 1862.

Order of march.

ADVANCE GUARD.

1. Colonel Cluseret's brigade.

2. The pioneers of all brigades, as also the ax-men of every regiment, to start at 5 a. m.

3. Fourth New York Cavalry.

4. General Stahel's brigade, with Bucktail Rifles as flankers, at 5.30 a. m.

MAIN COLUMN.

5. Cavalry, under command of Colonel Zagonyi, at 5.45 a. m.

6. General Milroy's brigade, at 6 a. m.

7. General Schenck's brigade, at 6.15 a. m.

8. General Steinwehr's brigade, at 6.30 a. m.

9. General brigade train, at 6.45 a. m.

REAR GUARD.

10. General Bayard's brigade.

Each regiment to be accompanied by its ambulances and a sufficient number of wagons to carry their cooking utensils.

The train will move in the order of brigades.

All horses unable to perform service to be left at this place until further orders.

by order of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 8, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the movements of my division in the battle near Port Republic on June 9:

When I received the order to march to Port Republic, to join in the attack on the forces under General Shields, my command included, in addition to my own division, the Second Brigade of the Army of the Valley District. This brigade, under the command of Colonel J. M. Patton, had been attached to my command during the engagement of the day before.

My command had been engaged with General Fremont throughout the day on June 8, and slept upon their arms. The brigades commanded by General Trimble and Colonel Patton (except one regiment) and the Seventh Louisiana Regiment, Colonel Hays, had before night closed in been advanced within range of the enemy's musketry.

Day was breaking on the morning of June 9 before these troops commenced their march from this position to the other field at Port Republic, 7 miles distant, some of them without food for twenty-four hours.

The commands of General Trimble and Colonel Patton were kept in

50 R R-VOL XII

