
Numbers 91. Reports of Colonel W. C. Scott, Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 23-June 9.

--------

,

-----

,---, 1862.

FRONT ROYAL, VA.

When within 2 or 3 miles of Front Royal I received a message from Major General T. J. Jackson to send forward as rapidly as possible all the rifled pieces of artillery in my brigade. I did so, by sending forward Captain Lusk with his two rifled pieces, which I understood did excellent execution.

The battle was over before my brigade reached the field of battle, and of course none of our men were killed or wounded.

WINCHESTER, VA.

My brigade was ordered upon the left of the road to support the attack made on the enemy by General Taylor. Ultimately I was ordered to form line of battle facing to Winchester and to march to the front. I did so, but while the brigade was marching in beautiful order and before it reached the crest of the hill I ascertained that the enemy had taken to flight. Hence I lost no man in this engagement.

W. C. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

----,----, 1862.

The brigade now commanded by me was commanded by General George H. Steuart. It was annexed to the First Maryland, previously under the command of that officer. The whole brigade, having advanced in this direction about 4 miles this side of Harrisonburg, were marched back through the woods toward Harrisonburg, for the purpose of cutting off a regiment of the enemy which we understood was following us. The Fifty-wight Virginia was leading, the First Maryland next, the forty-fourth Virginia next, and the Fifty-second Virginia last. We marched by the right flank. The Fifty-fourth by the right flank toward the main road, and then, bending around toward the right, approached the place of combat, but halted them in the woods when within 100 or 200 yards of that place.

We had remained halted but a few minutes when General Ewell ordered us to charge bayonets. The First Maryland and Forty-fourth Virginia dashed forward at a rapid rate and with loud cheers, until they came up with the Fifty-eighth, and on delivering their first fire the enemy fled with precipitation. I am not sure they were not fleeing before, as I could not run as fast as the men and did not get up so soon as they did. The Fifty-eighth bore the brunt of the battle and fought gallantly. As re-enforcements were advancing on the part of the enemy we were ordered to retire toward the rear. The Fifty-second did not accompany these movements, but remained in the woods, drawn up in line of battle, where the brigade was first formed, Colonel Skinner, the commander, informing me that he heard no orders to move.

In this action the Fifty-eighth lost 11 killed and 39 wounded and 3

