
missing. The Forty-fourth and Fifty-second lost none. I do not know the loss of the First Maryland.

Respectfully submitted.

W. C. SCOTT,

Colonel, Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

P. S.-In this action General Ashby was killed.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Camp near Mount Meridian, Va., June 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In regard to the action of the 6th I have only this to remark, that the Fifty-eighth Regiment was the right and leading regiment of the brigade and first came in contact with the enemy, but as the brigade was then under the command of Brigadier-General Steuart I do not know personally what transpired with that regiment. The other regiments-the First Maryland and the Forty-fourth and Fifty-second Virginia-were drawn up in line of battle in the woods in the rear of the Fifty-eighth. After the firing had continued for some time General Steuart led the First Maryland (the leading regiment) toward the turnpike by the right flank, followed by the Forty-fourth, and thence up the fence outward the place from which the firing emanated and halted. The Fifty-second did not follow these movements, as the commander, Colonel Skinner, says he heard no orders but remained drawn up in the woods. Ultimately you gave the command "charge" to the First Maryland and Forty-fourth, which they did in gallant style until they fled in great precipitation.

On the 8th the Fifty-second and Fifty-eighth were posted so as to support the batteries on your left wing. The Forty-fourth was divided into two parts, and thrown forward a considerable distance to skirmish the woods on the left and the woods near the main road in front. That part which was ordered to skirmish the woods near the main road in front first came in contact with the enemy, but being too weak to defend itself it fell back, and united with the other portion of that regiment in the woods near your left most advanced battery. At this point the Forty-fourth, numbering not more than 130 men, was attacked by two regiments of the enemy, and after exchanging a few rounds the Forty-fourth charged them gallantly with the bayonet and broke them, chasing them a considerable distance, killing several and taking some prisoners.

On the 9th the Fifty-second was detached and sent forward on our left to support General Winder, I think. When General Winder was driven back the Fifty-second went forward, but was driven back also. The Forty-fourth and Fifty-eighth were placed in a wood on our right wing. You were with them. You know all about the order to charge, they way in which the order was executed, the retirement of these regiments to the wood in consequence of being overpowered, and their being rallied by you, and the ultimate charge under you by a part of the brigade.

The casualties have been sent to General Jackson, from whom you can obtain them. I do not recollect them.

I particularity commend to you the gallantry of Lieutenant Walker, Company E, Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers. There may have been others equally worthy of commendation, but I could not fail

