
Question by General McDOWELL. What discrimination did General McDowell make in paying for property taken by his order; whom did he pay and whom not?

Answer. I am not familiar with that subject. I only recollect in general that he directed receipts to be given, payable on the termination of the war, on proof of loyalty. I am not even certain that this is the precise condition on which receipts were given, but it was something to that effect.

Question by General McDOWELL. What do you know of General McDowell's conduct at Rectortown, when he first arrived there on his way to Front Royal last May, with respect to the men left sick at that place by the advance division?

Answer. All I recollect about it is the use of some very strong expressions of indignation against some surgeon who had not properly attended to the sick under his charge.

Question by the COURT. Do you know any matter or thing tending to show that General McDowell has been treacherous, incompetent, or inefficient as a general officer, or that he has failed in the employment of his forces to co-operate with other commanders as far as he had any discretionary power?

Answer. No facts have ever come to my knowledge tending to show that such was the case. All that I have seen or heard from reliable sources would tend to convey the contrary impression.

Question by the COURT. Have you personal knowledge that his treat lent of his officers or men was the occasion of any complaint against him by them or any of them?

Answer. I have some knowledge of that subject. I have heard complaints by members of his staff that he worked them to death; and on one occasion, at which I was personally present, three officers of his staff were sent to Piedmont through a drenching rain, and required to remain all night, to superintend personally the unloading of cars. This was a subject of some complaint at the time. No facts have come to my knowledge in regard to the treatment of the men.

Question by the COURT. Have you knowledge of any complaint made by his officers or men as to his conduct in battle or of his arrangement of troops in battle?

Answer. I have no knowledge of any complains. I have heard members of his staff speak highly of his conduct in battle and of he personal courage he had exhibited on several occasions. I have heard no criticism on the subject of his arrangements of troops from either his officers or men.

Question by the COURT. Have you seen anything in his conduct or management of troops showing indecision, indiscretion, or want of proper qualities for the command of a division, corps, or department?

If so, state fully and particularly what you have seen?

Answer. My answer is, I have not.

Question by the COURT. When did you first enter the military service and how long have you been in it?

Answer. I entered as a cadet at West Point in 1831; resigned from the Army in the fall of 1835, and was not again engaged in the military service until last spring, when telegraphed by the Secretary of War to come to Washington.

Question by General McDOWELL. What were the circumstances or exigencies of the service at the time you refer, of complaints on the part of certain officers of their being required to superintend the unloading of cars in the rain?

Answer. A necessity existed for a prompt unloading of the cars i nodder to return them for additional supplies I don't recollect any other exigency at this time.

