
to notice him. When the brigade halted in the field and sat down he alone stood erect, went in front, and attempted to get the brigade to advance still nearer the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. SCOTT,

Commanding Brigade.

Major-General EWELL.

PORT REPUBLIC, VA.,

------

,----, 1862.

In this action [near Cross-Keys] in the early part of the day I only commanded the Forty-fourth Regiment. The Fifty-eighth Virginia was placed in rear of our batteries on the left flank to support them. The Fifty-second was farther in the rear. The Forty-fourth was divided into two parts and each part thrown forward as skirmishers. One part, under Captain Buckner, skirmished the woods near the main road to our front. This latter first came in contact with the enemy, and being overpowered, retired and formed a junction with the first part. They were then attacked by two regiments of the enemy, and after the exchange them with the bayonet, drove them back, and charged them, killing several (1 with the bayonet) and taking 5 prisoners. The Forty-fourth numbered in the fight about 120 or 130 men. The Forty-fourth and Fifty-eighth then united, but, the enemy not approaching very near except the sharpshooters, there was no regular fight. I do not know the locality of the Fifty-second in the evening, as I was with the Forty-fourth and Fifty-eighth, and momentarily expected an attack.

In this engagement the Forty-fourth lost 1 killed and 3 wounded. The Fifty-second had 2 killed and 24 wounded, and the Fifty-eighth none killed and 5 wounded. Lusk's battery 2 killed and 3 wounded. Total, 5 killed and 35 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

W. C. SCOTT,

Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-In this action Major Ross, of the Fifty-second, was wounded; so was General Steuart.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,Camp near Mount Meridian, Va., June 14, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to your order I beg leave to submit to you the following report of the operations of my brigade in the battle of the 9th instant near Port Republic:

On arriving on the field of battle the Fifty-second Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Skinner, was ordered to take position on the left flank, in order to support General Winder's brigade, then engaged with the enemy. The Forty-fourth and Fifty-eighth, under my command, were ordered to take position in the woods on the right of the orad and on our right flank, in the rear of General Taylor's brigade, which

