
was thrown forward for the purpose of cutting off the most advanced batteries of the enemy. We were ordered to support General Taylor. In a short time after the Fifty-second reached their position on our left flank General Winder's brigade was driven back, and the Fifty-second, advancing to their support, was also overpowered and driven back, and the enemy advanced. Seeing this, General Ewell ordered my brigade, now consisting of the Forty-fourth and Fifty-eighth, to charge the enemy diagonally across the field. This they did with loud cheers, which caused the enemy to fall back, but as General Ewell was with the brigade the remainder of the battle I refer you to his report for an account of its subsequent operations.

In this action Lieutenant Walker, of Company E, in the Forty-fourth Regiment, highly distinguished himself for his gallantry.

The Fifty-eighth had 4 killed and 18 wounded. The Forty-fourth had 15 killed and 35 wounded, nearly one-half of those present at the battle. The Fifty-second had 12 killed and 65 wounded and 7 missing. Among these were Lieutenant G. W. Leaford killed, and Captain John P. Moore and Lieutenant W. C. Ridgway wounded, in the Fifty-eighth; Lieutenant William T. Robertson killed, and Capts. John T. Martin, Thomas R. Buckner, John S. Anderson, and Lieuts. John W. Omohundro and James M. Hughes wounded, in the Forty-fourth; Captain B. T. Walton killed, and Lieuts. Lewis Harman, S. B. Brown, John N. Hanna, and James A. White wounded, in the Fifty-second.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. SCOTT,

Commanding Brigade.

Major R. L. DABNEY,

Adjutant-General, Valley District.

Numbers 92. Report of Colonel J. A. Walker, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations June 8-9.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,June 14, 1862.

I have the honor to report the movements of the regiments under my command on the 8th and 9th of the present month:

On the morning of the 8th General Elzey ordered me to take my own (Thirteenth Virginia) and the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Duffy commanding, and proceed to the right of our lines to prevent an attempt to turn that flank. We moved by the right flank until I thought we were on the enemy's extreme left, and then, sending two companies forward, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Terrill, as skirmishers, we advanced in line across the cleared ground and through the wood beyond without encountering the enemy.

When the skirmishers reached the skirt of the woods near Ever's house they reported a large body of the enemy close at hand. I halted my command, and going forward to reconnoiter, found a large force of infantry, probably a brigade, and a battery in a wheat field, about 400 yards from our position. Finding myself entirely separated from our troops on the left, and perceiving the enemy were moving a regi-

