
enemy were left dead. I think a moderate estimate would place the killed and wounded of the enemy on their left want at 1,740. Prisoners said that the famous Eighth New York Regiment and Bucktails, whose gallantry deserved a better fate, were entirely cut to pieces. Their flag was left on the field and secured by the Twenty-first Georgia.

Of the heroic conduct of the officers and men of Courtney's battery, commanded by Captain Courtney, with Lieutenant Latimer as first lieutenant, in holding their position under the incessant fire of four batteries at one time, I cannot speak in terms which would do them full justice. The fact that they stood bravely up to their work for over five hours, exhausted all their shot and shell, and continued their fire with canister to the end of the battle, speaks more in their favor than the most labored panegyric. The most admirable position selected for the battery alone saved if from total destruction, if a special Providence did not guard it from hard.

The Twenty-first North Carolina, left to support this battery, was exposed to the effect of the terrific fire, but under cover of the hill happily escaped with few casualties. When the battery was threatened with an infantry force this regiment was called and readily took its position to repel the enemy's attack, and stood modestly ready to do its duty as gallantly as heretofore.

To Colonel Mercer, for his judicious movements during the day, and to Colonel Cantey, for his skilful retreat from picket and prompt flank maneuver, I think especial praise is due, as well as to my staff, Captain Hall and Lieutenants McKim and Lee, for the promptness and coolness displayed in conveying orders.

I would also call the attention of the major-general to the services performed on this occasion and previously by Captain Brown, of Company A, Sixteenth Mississippi, who, with portions of his company, had within the last few weeks killed 12 of the enemy, captured 64, with their arms, and some 25 horses, with their equipments, and to the conspicuous gallantry of Private Long, of Company B, Twenty-first Georgia, who, while acting as skirmisher on the 8th instant, brought in 10 prisoners-5, with their arms, captured at one time-and shot and officer of General Fremont's staff, obtaining from him the enemy's order of march, herewith inclosed,* from which it appears they had or the field seven brigades of infantry, besides cavalry and artillery.

It is but an act of simple justice to the brave men of my command to say that this battle was fought by their infantry and artillery in fact alone. Colonel Walker's Fifteenth and Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiments aided in the last repulse, General Taylor's brigade not having been engaged or seen by the enemy. The infantry under Brigadier-General Steuart, on the left of the line, encountered at no time of the day more that the enemy's skirmishers, as they made no demonstration on our left. The battery of General Steuart was in the early part of the fight, but was withdrawn after a severe loss of horses, leaving Captain Courtney's battery to contend singly with four batteries of the enemy.

Herewith I hand a list of the killed and wounded.

Very respectfully,

I. R. TRIMBLE,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES BARBOUR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Printed on p. 785.

---------------

