
List of killed and wounded: Twenty-five killed, 25 wounded, and 4 missing, not including Colonel Walker's list, which was small. The names of the officers killed and wounded not now given.

Numbers 95. Reports of Brigadier General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding Eighth Brigade, of operations May 23-June 9.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH BRIGADE,May 26, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to render the following report in regard to the actions of the 23rd, 24th, and 25th instant, in which my brigade was engaged:

On the 23rd the First Maryland Regiment, Brigadier-General Steuart, being in advance, the brigade reached the heights above Front Royal about 3 p. m., the enemy opening upon us with shell at the same time. Here Major Wheat's battalion, of five companies, was immediately ordered forward into the town, to assist the Maryland regiment in dislodging the enemy, the Sixth Louisiana Regiment following as a reserve.

Major Wheat performed his part in gallant style, charging through the town, and drawing up his command on the bank of the Shenandoah in a position sheltered from the enemy's shells, the three remaining regiments-Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Louisiana-at the same time advancing in parallel lines through the fields and woods to the south and west of the town.

The details of the engagement having occurred under they eye of the major-general commanding, it is not necessary to mention them further. The whole brigade was under the fire of artillery and behaved well. On this day the Seventh Louisiana lost 1 (private) killed and 1 badly wounded. Wheat's battalion lost 1 killed and 6 wounded; 1 (an officer, Lieutenant Grinnell) wounded in the hand.

It is with deep regret that I have also to report the loss of Major Aaron Davis, my brigade commissary. After crossing the river he became separated from my staff, and, as I afterward learned, led on by a fatal impetuosity, joined in the cavalry charge of Colonel Munford's regiment, and met his death charging at its head. He was killed by a bullet entering his right breast.

On the 24th the skirmishers of my brigade again encountered the enemy's cavalry near Middletown, cutting their column in two and killing and capturing a large number of them; also many horses wagons, the latter loaded with various stores of value, such as medicines and other hospital stores.

The brigade being constantly in motion, it is impossible to state the exact number of the enemy killed or captured in this skirmish.

I have the honor to hand over to you two flags captured in action on this day by Companies A and B, of the Sixth Louisiana Regiment, under command of Major McArthur. Our loss in the skirmish was 3 killed and 12 wounded.

On the morning of the 25th, being ordered by Major-General Jackson to execute a flank movement upon he enemy's strong position in front of Winchester, the brigade was formed into line of battle in the face of a severe fire of artillery and musketry, the Seventh Regiment

