
acting as a reserve. The advance and subsequent charge were both conducted steadily and in good order, resulting in the dislodgement of the enemy and the capture of the town.

We lost on this occasion, in killed, Major McArthur (Sixth Louisiana Regiment) and 14 privates; wounded, Lieutenant-Colonel Nicholls (Eighth Louisiana) badly, in the elbow, 2 captains, 2 lieutenants, and 85 privates.

Recapitulation for the three days:

Killed. Wounded.

Officers............................. 2 6

Privates ............................ 19 103

------

------

Total ............................... 21 109

Four guidons, captured by the Seventh Louisiana Regiment in the skirmishers at Middletown, have just been sent in and are herewith forwarded.

To enumerate all the acts of gallantry and good conduct would extend this report to an improper length.

Colonel Seymour, Hays, Kelly, and Stafford, of the Sixth, Seventh Eighth, and Ninth Louisiana, led their regiments into action with the most distinguished bravery.

Major Wheat, with a part of his battalion, detached on the left, rendered valuable service in assisting to repel the attempt of the enemy's cavalry to charge our line.

Captain Surget, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Hamilton, aide-de-camp, carried orders under the hottest fire with coolness and precision, the former having his horse struck several times.

To Private H. B. Richardson, of the Sixth Louisiana Regiment, I am particularly indebted for valuable services in reconnoitering and gaining important information of the enemy's position and movements while acting as a mounted orderly during the engagement of the 25th, and would earnestly recommend him to the Government for an appointment as lieutenant in the Provisional Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

------

,----

-----

, 1862.

Respectfully forward. The recommendation in case of H. B. Richardson is approved, as I am aware of the invaluable services rendered by him on various occasions.

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH BRIGADE,June 11, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Eighth Brigade as connected with the actions of the 8th and 9th instant:

On the morning of the 8th I received orders to march the brigade to Port Republic to assist in repelling the attack commenced on the bridge

51 R R-VOL XII

