
Recapitulation for the two actions of 8th and 9th instant.

Killed	Wounded	Missing

Officers	 4	 17	..........

Non-commissioned	 30	 247	 9

officers and privates

Total	 34	 264	 9

The above record is a mere statement of facts, but no language can adequately describe the gallant conduct of the Eighth Brigade in the action of the 9th instant. Disordered by the rapidity of their charge through a dense thicket, making the charge itself just as the loud cheers of the enemy proclaimed his success in another part of the field, assailed by a superior force in front and ont he flanks with two batteries in position within point-blank range, nobly did the sons of Louisiana sustain the reputation of their State. Three times was the captured battery lost and won, the enemy, fighting with great determination.

Colonel Seymour, of the Sixth Louisiana, and Major Wheat, of the battalion, on the left; Colonel Stafford, of the Ninth in the center, and Colonel Kelly, of the Eighth, on the right, all acted with the most determined gallantry, and ere as gallantly supported by their officers and men. Members of each of the regiments engaged in the charge were found dead under the guns of the captured battery. Captain Surget, assistant adjutant-general, distinguished himself greatly, and rendered the most important service on the left. Lieutenant Hamilton, aide-de-camp, gave me valuable assistance in rallying and reforming the men when driven back to the edge of the wood, as did Lieutenant Killmartin, of the Seventh Louisiana Regiment, temporarily attached to my staff. Circumstances unfortunately retained the Seventh Regiment, under the gallant Colonel Hays, in another part of the field. Its record of 156 killed and wounded-50 per cent. of the number carried into action-shows the service it performed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General.

Major BARBOUR, Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

For Numbers 96 (report of Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, First Maryland Infantry), see Appendix, p. 817.

MAY 20, 1862.-Raid on the Virginia Central Railroad, at Jackson's River Depot, Va.

Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Franklin, Va., May 21, 1862.

Colonel Crook, commanding brigade in Greenbrier County, has just returned from a successful dash upon the Central Railroad, 10 miles beyond Covington, at Jackson's River Depot. Dispatches were discovered at the telegraph office in Covington from the provost-marshal of Alleghany County, asking General Jackson, at Staunton, for two or three

