
regiments, and stating that he was endeavoring to raise the militia of Greenbrier and Moore. Answers were also found promising re-enforcements from Jackson by way of Staunton and from Floyd by way of Sweet Springs. To prevent any immediate advance from Staunton Colonel Crook proceeded from Covington, destroyed the railroad bridge 10 miles in advance of that place, and returned to Callaghan's, and thence of Lewisburg, bringing with him the notorious Captain Sprigg and another guerrilla, captured after firing upon our troops. General Heth is reported to have effected a junction with General Floyd, and to be near Dublin, on the Tennessee Railroad.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

MAY 23. 1862.-Action at Lewisburg, W. Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, with congratulations.

Numbers 2.-Colonel George Crook, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Melvin Clarke, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, Forty-fourth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General Henry Heth, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army.

FLAT TOP, May 24, 1862.

My Third Brigade, Colonel Crook commanding, was attacked yesterday morning at Lewisburg by General Heth, with 3,000 men, and after a lively engagement he routed them and they fled in confusion. Four of the enemy's cannon, 200 stand of arms, and 100 prisoners taken.

Our loss, 10 killed and about 40 wounded.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Colonel ALBERT TRACY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAT TOP, May 24, 1862.

COLONEL: The rebels in their retreat burned Greenbrier Bridge. Crook cannot advance far beyond Lewisburg till the new trains are ready to help him with supplies. The same cause operates here. Steady rain for the past twenty-four hours puts our supplies behind, and my hope that we might get some ahead is disappointed for the present. The news from the front is not very consistent or definite. Loring is now reported chief in command, having arrived two days ago. Numbers are reported as before: Heth's 4,000, the rest 9,000 or 10,000. I allow for exaggeration, but no doubt it is a very much larger

