
Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, Forty-fourth Ohio Infantry.

LEWISBURG, VA.,

May 12, 1862-12 m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the affair at this place to-day:

In obedience to your orders I sent forward a company (Company D, L. W. Talley's) to ascertain the nature of the attack that had been made upon our outpost at the Greenbrier Bridge. Near the east end of the town they came upon the enemy in force, who opened a heavy fire of musketry and advanced upon them. The company was deployed to the south of the road, and contested the ground warmly as they fell back.

As soon as the presence of the enemy was known, in accordance side your order I formed the Forty-fourth in line of battle on the south side of the main street of the town and advanced as rapidly as the nature of the ground would admit toward the enemy's position. On emerging from a small grove we came suddenly upon a battery of the enemy, consisting of two rifled 10-pounders and two 12-pounder field howitzers, which was charged with such impetuosity that the gunners had no time to fire. Here some 20 of the enemy were killed, as many more wounded, and many prisoners taken; also about 200 stand of small arms taken.

Leaving small guards over the artillery and prisoners we pushed on to the top of the hill, where the enemy had first formed into line. Here we reformed our line and relieved our companies that had been deployed as skirmishers; ordered the new line of skirmishers, composed of two companies, to continue the pursuit, feeling their way carefully through the dense woods that cover the greater part of the slope toward Greenbrier River. But the enemy having retired beyond the river and set fire to the bridge any farther pursuit was not attempted.

The casualties in my regiment are as follows: Killed, 6; wounded, 14; of which 3 are very slightly and none very severely; missing, none. Among my wounded are J. C. Longston, captain Company B, ball through calf of leg, and Samuel C. Howell, first lieutenant Company C, ball through the leg above the knee.

In regard to the conduct of my officers and men I am proud to say that without exception they displayed the greatest coolness and energy, and performed the work before them in a soldier-like manner, as the above report will show.

With much respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK, Commanding Third Provisional Brigade.

Numbers 5. Report of Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWEST VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, May 27, 1862.

MAJOR: I send you the report of General Heth relative to his recent affair.

