
ing only three companies, opened upon his battalion a very severe fire, which possible compelled his command to fall back. At this time the left of the enemy was in full retreat.

One of those causeless panics for which there is no accounting seized upon my command. Victory was in my grasp, instead of which I have to admit a most disgraceful retreat.

The field officers, among whom none were more conspicuous than the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Finney, as well as some few captains, threw themselves between the enemy and their retreating men, but threats and persuasions were alike unavailing. The result is, we mourn the loss of many a brave officer.

The only excuse that can be offered for the disgraceful behavior of three regiments and batteries is that they are filled with conscripts and newly officered under the election system.

I cannot as yet ascertain our exact loss, but will furnish you reports at my earliest convenience. By far the greater portion of the casualties was among the officers-a consequence of the panic.

I do not wish to be understood as shifting the responsibility of what has occured upon the shoulders of my troops, for as a general is the recipient of honors gained, so he should bear his proportion of the result of the disaster. I simply give you a plain statement of facts apparent to all present.

I move to-morrow or next day to my original position at The Narrows, as the tents of my command are there.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

H. HETH,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Department of Southwest Virginia.

MAY 30, 1862.-Raid to Shaver's River, W. Va.

Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, commanding Mountain Department.
HEADQUARTERS, May 30, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Colonel Latham, with a detachment of the Second Virginia, and a company of Connecticut cavalry under Captain Fish, who were sent to Shaver's River, surprised and routed a gang of guerrillas at that place, killing their captain and 3 men, wounding several others, and capturing and destroying more than thirty guns.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General.

JUNE 3-4, 1862.-Operations in the vicinity of Winchester, Front Royal, Strasburg, and Smithfield, Va.

Report of Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Winchester, Va., June 4, 1862.

The troops under my command arrived in and near Winchester at 12 o'clock to-day. I sent scouting parties to Strasburg and Front

