
JUNE 22-30, 1862.-Scout from Strasburg to Moorefield, New Creek, and Winchester, Va.

Report of Captain Charles Farnsworth, First Connecticut Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR MIDDLETOWN, VA.,

June 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance to a special order I left Strasburg Sunday, June 22, for Moorefield. At Lost River Bridge I found Captain Ten Eyck, of the New York Fourth Mounted Rifles, suffering from wound. I procured a carriage and took him to Moorefield, from whence he was sent to New Creek. On the 24th, when 5 miles distant from Baker's Tavern, was fired upon from the brush and 1 horse killed and 4 wounded. I learned subsequently that 15 men, said to be Harne's men, slept at a Mr. Inskeep's, 4 miles distant from road. At the request of Colonel Downey I remained with my command at Moorefield until noon of the 27th, having sent a squad to New Creek for what stragglers were upon the road.

On the 29th I captured a wagon, loaded with United States goods and arms, in the woods near Cacapon Bridge, 3 horses, and 1 man, who said he was one of a party of 18. I found from the inhabitants that

the party had plundered citizens and stolen many horses. I delivered the man and property to the provost-marshal at Winchester, from which place I came to

-----

. I gathered up 15 members of the battalion, whom I have reported to Major Lyon.

Respectfully, yours,

CHARLES FARNSWORTH,

Captain Company B, First Connecticut Cavalry.

Captain PIATT,

Assistant adjutant-General, Schenck's Division.

JUNE 24, 1862.-Skirmish at Milford, Va.

Report of Major Charles H. Town, First Michigan Cavalry.

CAMP FIRST MICHIGAN CAVALRY,

Front Royal, Va., June 24, 1862.

GENERAL: I would respectfully report that, in compliance with your order of this date, I proceeded with detachments of the First Michigan and First Maine Cavalry on the road to Luray, nothing of interest occurring on the route until I reached the vicinity of Milford. Found the enemy in possession of the town, with their pickets stationed some half mile this side of the village. We opened fire upon them and drove them into the village. Upon our skirmishers approaching their line they returned the fire in a rapid manner. Our skirmisher continued to advance and drove their advance from the village. They retired upon their main body in the edge of a wood, extending upon both sides of the road beyond the town. Our skirmishers still continued to advance, and parts of Companies B and M, of the First Michigan Regiment, were thrown over the creek to support them, the detachment of Maine cavalry covering the bridge and acting as a reserve.

