
On the 8th of June my regiment was engaged in the center, on the left, and supporting the Baltimore Light Artillery. Soon after getting into position, I was attacked by regiment slightly to my left. I changed position and drove them back. In a short time another regiment came up, and got behind a fence some 300 yards from me. This place they obstinately held for an hour. I could not charge them, not having 175 men in ranks, and having to cross a branch, a ravine, and a fence. At last, however, I drove them out, leaving some dead and quantities of arms, accouterments, and blankets. Soon after, another regiment was brought up the road, a little to my right, but my men dispersed them rapidly.

No other attack was made on this point during the day. The enemy had a piece of artillery, some 800 yards distant, the whole time, playing on me with grape, but when our rifles sent the last attacking regiment back, it retired. A demonstration was before that made on my left, but the force retired without effecting anything. About 4 to 5 o'clock my ammunition gave out, and the guns became so hot and foul as to be seriously impaired. Major-General Ewell then ordered me back for a new supply, and my regiment did not get into action again. There was no move made on my wing after I left, for I came back myself, and, under General Ewell's orders, pushed Colonel Patton's and Colonel Hays' commands forward on our extreme left.

Our loss was severe. Brigadier General George H. Steuart, in command on the left, and of my regiment and the battery, was shot, toward the close of the engagement, in the shoulder, severely, but not dangerously. His acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant [Frank A.] Bond, and his aide, Lieutenant Randolph [H.] McKim, each had horses wounded. Second Lieutenant H. [H.] Bean, Company I, was wounded, and 24 men. I subjoin a list.* Two men were wounded in the battery.

It is my duty to notice the precision and gallantry with which Captain Brockenbrough served his guns.

I was not under fire on the 9th, but lost 1 man wounded, Private [Joshua] Simpson, Company D, who was fighting with the Fifty-second Virginia.

Your obedient servant,

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Colonel First Maryland Regiment, Commanding Maryland Line.

Major JAMES BARBOUR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Numbers 230. June 13, 1862.

* * * * * * *

III. Colonel Johnson, of the First Maryland Regiment, is directed to encamp, with his command, in the vicinity of Staunton, Va., for the purpose of recruiting; and is also ordered to collect all stragglers from the Army of the Valley, and return them to these headquarters under guard.

By order of Major-General Jackson:

R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

