
Question by General McDOWELL. What, if anything, was done by General McDowell as respects the mobility of his troops?

Answer. I received orders while at Falmouth to make a return of my camp and garrison equipage and means of transportation. It came to my knowledge that other troops encamped near had received similar orders. Immediately thereupon and order was received setting forth the mount of equipage and transportation that would be allowed the troops, and greatly reducing the amount then in our possession.

Question by General McDOWELL. Was this reduction of baggage in the division to which you were then attached the cause of complaint or dissatisfaction or gambling?

Answer. It was.

The court had no questions to ask this witness.

The court was cleared.

The court was opened.

Mr. PELEG CLARKE, jr., late of Fredericksburg, Va., was duly sworn.

Question by the COURT. Where did you reside in the month of April last; and if at Fredericksburg, Va., when and under what circumstances did you leave there?

Answer. I resided in Fredericksburg, Va., and left to escape arrest by the rebels about the 23rd, 24th, or 25th of April. I can't give the exact date; about a week after the Federal Army arrived. They arrived there about the 18th.

Question by the COURT. On leaving, to what place did you go; and if to the Federal Army, where was that army at that time?

Answer. I crossed the river into Stafford County at General King's headquarters, which was at the Phillips house, where his army or division, or whatever he commanded, was there, or a portion of them was there. General Augur's division at that time was at Falmouth.

Question by the COURT. At that time did you know a man by the name of William A. Little; and, if so, what knowledge did you then have that the was in the rebel service?

Answer. I did know a man by the name of William A. Little. He did reside in Fredericksburg at that time. I know-that is, by the papers at Richmond and our Fredericksburg papers, by reading the fact in the papers-that William A. Little, of Fredericksburg, had and adjutant's appointment. This was four or five mouths previous to the arrival of the Federal Army. I saw him during this time, after having seen the notice in the papers, repeatedly on the street of Fredericksburg in rebel uniform whilst the rebel army was quartered there, and mounted, on the streets of Fredericksburg, acting in the capacity of adjutant. I have seen where he had signed his name several times during the winter in that capacity. Saw him on the streets, I think, in that capacity the same day the Federal Army arrived at Falmount; that is, the day the rebel army evacuated Fredericksburg.

Question by the COURT. After you left Fredericksburg and reached the United States forces did you see this William A. Little; and, if so, where, when, and under what circumstances?

Answer. I did. Saw him at General King's headquarters or directly in front of the house of his headquarters. I saw him at various places within the lines of the Federal Army at various times. The first time I saw him I saw I thin I had been across the ever-the second day I was there-and I saw him after that nearly every day that I remained across the river. It was nearly eleven days in all.

Question by the COURT. Did you have any conversation with said adjutant during the eleven days?

Answer. Nothing, except speaking as we passed each other.

Question by the COURT. Did you communicate to General King who this Little was and did he refer you to General McDowell? Did you

