
council of Fredericksburg to meet General Augur in regard to the surrender of the town to the Federal forces of Fredericksburg. I might say, further, that Mr. Little is interested as part oven of a farm about 3 or 3 1/2 miles north of the Rappahannock River, in Stafford Country.

Question by the COURT. What was the contents of the paper which you handed to General McDowell and signed by Little?

Answer. As near as I remember--

This is to show that the bearer, Mr. George Morrison, is employed at Scott &amp; Slaughter's iron furnace, in Spottsylvania County, Virginia, they having a contract to furnish the Confederate Government with a large amount of iron. So long as said Morrison is thus employed he is exempt from mall military duty or militia duty [military duty I think it was].

WILLIAM A. LITTLE,

Adjutant Fourteenth Virginia Regiment.

The date of the paper I have forgotten, but it was about eighteen days old when it was handed to me.

Question by the COURT. You say that Mr. Little was the adjutant of the same regiment to which the two loyal citizens of Fredericksburg whom you have named belonged? State whether he was the adjutant of a regiment which then was, or had been, in the rebel service.

Answer. Yes, sir; the regiment had been in the rebel service, and one of the men I speak of had done service in the regiment. I have seen him in the regiment on duty. These men were conscripts, and one of them had deserted the regiment-Mr. Armstrong-and come into the Federal lines, and the Mr. Morrison had got exempt from the fact that he was employed on work for the rebel government, as the paper stated.

Question by the COURT. Have you personal knowledge of any other matter or thing tending to show treasonable or unfaithful conduct of General McDowell as aa general officer?

Answer. Not of my own knowledge, sir.

The court informed the witness that if the had knowledge of any other witnesses who could communicate facts to the court material to its investigation he was invited to send to the court the names of such in writing.

Question by the COURT. State whether you know if Mr. Little was subsequently in active service-that is, in the rebel army, and where he now is, and what position he now holds.

Answer. I know nothing about the position he now holds; he was in the service of the rebel army last winter. Subsequently to the period named I have no knowledge of him or where he is now.

Question by General McDOWELL. You state you first saw Mr. Little at General King's headquarters; please state when it was you saw him.

Answer. I can't give the date. It was the second day after I went into the Federal lines across the river. It might have been a week after the advance of the Federal Army arrived; it might have been more. I recollect of seeing General McDowell's wagons at the Lacy house-just north of the Lacy house, in the yard-on the covering marked "General McDowell's Headquarters."

Question by General McDOWELL. Where was General McDowell when you first saw Mr. Little; near General King's headquarters?

Answer. I do not know, sir; I do not think I had ever seen General McDowell. The first time I saw General McDowell was the day I went to him the first time. Don't think I ever saw him before.

Question by General McDOWELL. What time was it you told General King of Little's presence within the lines of the Union Army? What time with reference to your leaving Fredericksburg?

Answer. I think it was the second day I was in the Federal lines; it might have been the third day; it was not the first, I know.

