
Question by General McDOWELL. How did you cross the river when you first came within the Federal lines?

Answer. I crossed at Falmouth in a small skiff.

Question by General McDOWELL. On which side of the river was Little living at the time you first saw him near General King's quarters?

Answer. Living in Fredericksburg, on the south side of the river.

Question by General McDOWELL. How long after you first came across the river was it before you returned to Fredericksburg?

Answer. I returned the next night after dark, and then returned back the next morning, or during the night, and remained on this side of the river eight or ten days, until the Federal Army crossed the river, as near as I can recollect.

Question by General McDOWELL. You say you saw Mr. Little within the lines of the army some eleven days in all; do you mean eleven days from the day you first saw him?

Answer. I don't think I said I saw him eleven days in all; don't think I made such a statement.

Question by General McDOWELL. What transactions did you have with the rebel Government prior to the arrival of the Union Army opposite Fredericksburg?

Answer. I never had any. I will state that I have sold the rebel army lumber and had made in my establishment hospital bedsteads for the rebel army-that is, for the surgeons in the hospitals sin charge of the sick.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you not seize rebel property and endeavor to have General McDowell pay you United States money for the same in order thus to get your pay from the rebels?

Answer. No, sir; I never seized any rebel property and never applied to General McDowell to pay me for any.

The court was cleared at the instance of a member.

The court was opened.

The court directed the recorder to dispatch a telegram to Major-General McClellan, stating that "The court is waiting your arrival."

The court adjourned to meet on Tuesday, December 9, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

SIXTEENTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, Numbers 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET, Washington, D. C., December 9, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, * * *

Mr. PELEG CLARKE,jr., the witness under examination.

* * * * * *

Question by General McDOWELL. Why, in your first interview with General McDowell, did you not tell him Little was in the rebel service?

Answer. My interview was very short; General McDowell seemed to be engaged and in a hurry to attend to other business. It was with considerable difficulty, after waiting some time, that I saw him at all.

Question by General McDOWELL. At what place had you this interview with General McDowell?

Answer. I think it was at the Lacy house; I'm sure it was at the Lacy house. He came out of his office on his way out of the house, and I met him in the hall on his way.

