
Question by General McDOWELL. Who was present on the occasion?

Answer. I could not tell, sir. It was the first time I had been there; nearly al of his officers and men were strangers. I had never seen any of them before.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were there other officers besides General McDowell?

Answer. I think there were wither officers sitting on their horses at the door. I could not say that there were any in the hall at that time or that there were not. The hall was as wide as this room nearly.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where was General McDowell on the second interview you had with him?

Answer. I think it was at the Lacy house-on the west portico of the house.

The witness here stated-

I stated yesterday that I had three interviews with General McDowell; it may have been four.

Question by General McDOWELL. Who was present on that occasion-of your second interview?

Answer. I don't know, sir, that any one was directly present. I do not remember. General McDowell's men were all busy and passing by.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where was General McDowell the third interview you had with him?

Answer. I stated in my direct examination yesterday on the east steps of the Lacy house; that was the interview-the last one-when I handed him the paper.

Question by General McDOWELL. Who was present on that occasion?

Answer. There was at the foot of the steps, I suppose, some twenty or thirty men on horseback.

Question by General McDOWELL. You state you had a fourth interview with General McDowell. State where that interview occurred and who were present.

Answer. I believe I didn't state I had a fourth interview. It may have been four. I had communication with General McDowell the day the English officers were there and had a review in front of General King's headquarters. I then handed him a paper, which was, I think, in regard to some other matters.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the paper you handed him?

Answer. It was in regard to some rebel deserters who had come into his lines and were then there present; some four of them, I think.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was the purport of that paper?

Answer. It was in regard, I think, to those four rebel deserters. I was asked by some officer to look at those prisoners and report to General McDowell, I think, whether they were spies or rebel deserters.

Question by General McDOWELL. Had you permission to pass and repass the river at Fredericksburg?

Answer. I had after the Federal Army crossed into Fredericksburg. I don't think I had any pass until about the time the Federal Army crossed the river.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did you ever mention Little's case to General Patrick, the governor of Fredericksburg?

Answer. I don't know that I waver did. I had a great many interviews with General Patrick after his headquarters was in Fredericksburg. Never knew or spoke to General Patrick before.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where were General McDowell's headquarters during the eleven days in all you state you saw Little?

