
Question by General McDOWELL. Who asked you such questions when you went North and in what places (towns) were they asked?

Answer. I was asked in the city Washington, and in every place I went through, lange and small; heard it in hospitals and every place almost I went to.

Question by the COURT. State whether to your knowledge the enemy received salt, coffee, sugar, boots, shoes, small-arms, or supplies of any kind from us while General McDowell was in command opposite Fredericksburg.

Answer. No, sir; not from the army, but they passed through the lines.

Question by the COURT. State whether any regular mails or communication of any kind were passed through General McDowell's lines with the apparent knowledge of General McDowell or of any of his subordinate officers.

Answer. I think-yes, sir; I don't know that there were any regular mails every day or every second day. I think they were as often as every second day and sometimes every day, but not to my knowledge or to General McDowell's knowledge.

Question by the COURT. State whether notorious rebels were to your knowledge passed from or into our lines.

Answer. They were. William S. Scott, Dr. Herndon, George Guest, John F. Scott, William F. Brodhurst, Montgomery Slaughter, Henry A. Jones, and a man by the name of Smith, who lived out in the country; James L. Vagine, James Kendall, John L. Marye, jr., and some others-Charles Scott. I can name quite a number of others-William J. Morton, Adam Cox.

Question by the COURT. Do you know the name or names of any officer or officers by whom these persons were passed into or without our lines; those persons or any other rebels?

Answer. I do. Captain Mansfield, who acted provost-marshal, passed the most of them. General Patrick passed some of them. Those parties claimed to be British subjects; and after I found General Patrick was passing them back and forth, he (General Patrick) told me mr. George Guest, one particular instance I have reference to, had papers claiming to be a British subject. I told General Patrick that he had been voting their for the last four years to my certain knowledge and had been one of the leaders of the rebellion. General Patrick replied that his lines that day were extended beyond Mr. Guest's house and he should not go beyond them. People came in through the lines with the pretense that they had business in town-in Fredericksburg; two of them I knew to be in the rebel service at the time. General Patrick took immediate steps to stop their passing back and forth as soon as he was informed of the facts.

Question by the COURT. State whether you know that guards were placed over houses belonging to or inhabited by rebels, and whether any orders were issued by General McDowell prohibiting his own men from obtaining water or seeking temporary shelter from the rain under the front porch, or portico.

Answer. I do; that answers the first part. I don not; that answers the latter part. I know that parties whose property was so guarded prohibited the soldiers who were on guard from coming onto their porch when it rained or from getting water from the well. By whose orders the guard was so stationed of course I know not, but under Captain Mansfield's instruction, as I was told.

Question by the COURT. At the time you furnished lumber, bedsteads, and hospital accouterments and tent poles to the rebel army, what was your regular business?

Answer. Manufacturing lumber, steam-planing mill, wood-working machinery of nearly all kinds, and keeping a lumber-yard. I'll state when the rebellion broke out I stopped all operations entirely, and before I commenced this was carried by special orders to Quartermaster Cone, and then notified that I was either to go to work with my establishment on go to Richmond jail, and they would take possession of my property.

