
Question by the COURT. Were the rebel forces then in possession of Fredericksburg and were you residing there with your family?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you know if these cases of persons refusing to allow sentinels to enter their porches or obtain water were ever reported to the governor of the town or his superiors? Whose was the house where this occurred?

Answer. I understood they reported to Captain Mansfield. I know that they were reported to Captain Mansfield. Mrs. Owens is one, and house where Mr. Temple lived was another.

Question by General McDOWELL. When did these occurrences take place; between what dates?

Answer. Those that came under my observation were in July. I can't give the exact date; about the 6th, 8th, or 10th.

Question by General McDOWELL. Where were General McDowell's headquarters at that time; were they at or near Fredericksburg?

Answer. I don't know. I don't think they were, sir.

Question by General McDOWELL. Between what dates or periods were these supplies you have referred to, such as shoes, salt, &amp;c., allowed to pass through the lines at Fredericksburg?

Answer. About the same time I speak of-just prior to that.

Question by General McDOWELL. Who was military governor of Fredericksburg at those times?

Answer. I think that General King had his headquarters on this side of the river. These was considerable changing about. I am not sure. Captain mansfield seemed to have the matter in hand.

Question by General McDOWELL. In what way were these supplies allowed to pass?

Answer. By teams coming in from the country beyond our lines, land getting small parcels, perhaps a sack or two of salt, depositing them beyond the lines until they obtained enough to load a two-horse wagon, and then put out to Richmond, as parties have since told me.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were these practices ever reported to the military governor of Fredericksburg or General King, whom you state had his headquarters on this side of the river?

Answer. I have been told by parties who said they notified both Mansfield and General King.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you know if any practice such as you have stated occurred prior to July last?

Answer. I left there about the 27th May, I think it was, and returned the forepart of July; that is, early in July, and knew of no such thing until after my return.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you know if General McDowell was ever informed by yourself or others of these occurrences; that is, of irregular mails, supplies, &c., having passed to the enemy?

Answer. I do not, sir.

Colonel EDMUND SCHRIVER, aide-de-camp, a witness, was recalled.

Question by General McDOWELL. State to the court the rules estab-

