
lished by General McDowell for the government of the town of Fredericksburg and for granting passes to and from.

Answer. The subject was with General King, who had full power in the case. King also had the government of the town.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did General McDowell, save in some exceptional cases, interfere and in person take charge of the subject-the government of the town or intercourse with its inhabitants?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. When were General McDowell's headquarters established near Fredericksburg? When did they leave there?

Answer. Early in May they were established-the 4th or 5th of May. I think, and they were removed then on the evening of the 26th of May to various places. Front Royal was the destination of the general when he left Fredericksburg.

Question by General McDOWELL. During his command of the left of the Rappahannock were his headquarters ever again established at Fredericksburg after he left there?

Answer. No.

Question by General McDOWELL. Were any cases ever reported to General McDowell of persons passing supplies of salt, shoes, sugar, &amp;c., or passing noted rebels through the lines of Fredericksburg either before or after his headquarters were removed from that place?

Answer. None to my knowledge.

Question by General McDOWELL. What were General McDowell's personal habits with respect to intercourse with the inhabitants of Fredericksburg:

Answer. I never knew him to go there or to associate in any way with the inhabitants of Fredericksburg, or to see them,except on business.

Question by General McDOWELL. What were the rules established by General McDowell with respect to the constant attendance of an aide-de-camp? Who were the aides required for service with him personally?

Answer. Daily one of four aides was detailed to be in attendance on the general from early in the morning until in the evening. The four were Major Brown, Captain Wandsworth, Captain Drouillard, and Captain Cutting. I want it to be understood the aides served twenty-four hours, day and night, if their service was required.

Question by the COURT. Had you information, while you were on the Rappahannock, that any officer or officers in the rebel service were suffered to pass through your camps, with opportunity to collect information, and then return to the rebel lines without arrest our hinderance?

Answer. Never heard of any.

Question by the COURT. Had such a circumstance come to your knowledge would you have deemed it your duty to report the fact and take immediate measured for the arrest of such officer or officers?

Answer. Yes.

Question by General McDOWELL. What rules as to trade between Fredericksburg and the loyal States were enforced whilst General McDowell was at Fredericksburg? State as far as you can of any instance where the subject came before General McDowell.

Answer. General [McDowell] refused license to trade or to establish shops in Fredericksburg, because the rules of the blockade would be violated thereby.

The court took a recess of five minutes.

