
mac? If so, state the occasion and state the manner in which the duty was discharged.

Answer. On the occasion of a review of all the troops on the Virginia side, in the mouth of November. I think, he was intrusted with the selection of the ground and the entire control of the review, and discharged the duty in the most satisfactory manner.

The court adjourned to meet to-morrow, the 10th December, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

SEVENTEENTH DAY.

COURT-ROOM, Numbers 467 SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET, Washington, D. C., Wednesday, December 10, 1862.

Court met pursuant t adjournment. Present: * * *

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, U. S. Army, the witness under examination.

* * * * * *

Question by General McDOWELL. What communication from the President, by General Franklin or otherwise, did you receive as to the separation of General McDowell's corps from your army? Please state fully what you know concerning that separation, so far as relates to General McDowell, and what communication, if any, you have made to the President concerning him in that connection?

Answer. The substance of the communication by General Franklin from the President was that the president assumed the responsibility of the change of destination of General McDowell's corps, regarding that corps as necessary for the defense of Washington, although the troops actually left in Washington and in front of it, disposable for its defense, were rather more than double the garrison fixed by the engineer and artillery officers, and considerably more than the largest number recommended by any of the corps commanders to be left in vicinity of Washington. I do not at present recall any communication made to the President in regard to the separation of General McDowell's corps. It would be necessary for me to consult my papers ere I could answer the question.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you recollect having received any telegram from General Franklin, prior to his joining you in the Peninsula, concerning General McDowell, in connection with the separation of the latter corps from your army?

Answer. Yes. I remember merely the general tenor of the dispatch, which was, in General Franklin's opinion, from his knowledge of the case, General McDowell had nothing to do with the separation of his corps from the Army of the Potomac.

Question by General McDOWELL. What was General Franklin's official position with respect to General McDowell at the time he wrote that dispatch?

Answer. He commanded a division, and was in the corps of General McDowell.

[Here paper was handed to witness.]

Question by General McDOWELL. Please examine this copy of the New York Herald, of October 31, containing the speech of the Honorable J. B. Haskin, at Tarrytown, N. Y., and state if the following remarks therein attributed to you, to wit-

I have been unfortunate in not taking Richmond in consequence of my (your) plan not having been carried out, because McDowell did not re-enforce me, as he should have done and as it was agreed would done,

are either true, in either letter or spirit, so far as relates to General McDowell. If not true in either, wherein are they not so?

