
Answer. The incident related in the speech is entirely new to me. I never received any dispatches informing me that General Halleck was made Commander-in-Chief, and am very sure I never made the remark attributed to me in the connection as stated. I have no doubt said, for it has ever been my opinion, that the Army of the Potomac would have taken Richmond had not the corps of General McDowell been separated from it. It is also my opinion that, had the command of General McDowell joined the Army of the Potomac in the month of May by way of Hanover Court-House from Fredericksburg, we would have had Richmond within a week after the junction. I do not hold General McDowell responsible my own mind for the failure to join me on either occasion.

Question by General McDOWELL. Did or not General Franklin, on his joining you on the Peninsula, give you a verbal message from General McDowell that he would endeavor to make a demonstration on diversion in your favor by going to Fredericksburg?

Answer. I think he did.

Question by General McDOWELL. After the change of base to Fort Monroe and Yorktown, on the Peninsula, was it any part of your plan that any of your forces should go to Fredericksburg?

Answer. If you mean the original plan, no; it was not. All the active troops were to move in the general direction of the Peninsula.

General McDowell stated that he wished at this stage of the proceedings to introduces to the court certain correspondence heretofore referred to by him, if the court would suspend for a short time the examination of the witness.

Colonel Schriver, aide-de-camp and chief of staff to General McDowell, here presented to the court a number of papers, stating they have been authenticated by Colonel Stager, superintendent of military telegraphs, by himself, as chief of staff, and by Captain Cutting, one of the general's aides, and Colonel Schriver read the same. These papers are as follows, and are appended to the proceedings of this day.*

1. Dated War Department, April 11, 1862, from Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to Major-General McDowell.

2. Dated War Department, Washington City D. C., April 24, 1862, from Secretary of War to Major-General McDowell.

3. Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, Aquia, April 22, 1862, from Major-General McDowell to Secretary of War.

4. Dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, Aquia Creek, April 26, 1862, from General McDowell to Secretary of War.

5. Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, near Aquia Creek Landing, April 29, 1862, from General McDowell to Secretary of War.

6. Dated Washington, April 30, 1862, from Inspector-General Van Rensselear to Major-General McDowell.

7. Dated War Department, Washington City, D. C., May 17, 1862, from Secretary of War to Major-General McDowell.

8. War Department, Washington City, D. C., May 17, 1862, from Secretary of War to Major General George B. McClellan.

9. Dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 20, 1862, from General McDowell to Secretary of War.

10. Dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 21, 1862, from General McDowell to Secretary of War.

11. Dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 22, 1862, from General McDowell to Secretary of War.

12. Dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 22, 1862, from General McDowell to General McClellan.

13. Dated War Department, May 24, 1862, from Secretary of War to Major-General McDowell.

14. Dated Headquarters Department of the Rappahannock, May 24, 1862, from General McDowell to Secretary of War.

---------------

*Omitted, except Nos. 7 and 8, form appendix. They will be printed in chronological order in the "Correspondence, etc.," Part III.

---------------

