
how large was the force to be detained and what troops were to compose it?

Answer. The witness stated that he had no objection to answer the question if within the latitude of the court, but was under the impression that it was outside of the inquiry.

The court informed the witness that the series of questions now being propounded have been considered with as view of avoiding the clearing of the court.

The witness here asked that, as a new branch of inquiry was being opened, he might have time to consider the question. The answer to this question was postponed.

Question by the COURT. Have you knowledge of the circumstances which led to the detention of General McDowell and the formation of the Department of the Rappahannock at the time that department was formed?

Answer. I had none at he time.

Question by the COURT. Did the formation of that department and the detention of General McDowell reduce the means which had been arranged before you left Washington to prosecute the campaign?

Answer. Yes.

Question by the COURT. Do you know whether General McDowell had nay complicity in promoting or inducing the formation of the Department of the Rappahannock or reducing your force?

Answer. I do not.

Question by the COURT. Was there any reply by you to the telegrams of General McDowell or other notice to him showing that you desired his co-operation?

Answer. I think no reply to General McDowell, but the War Department was informed that I wanted troops.

Question by General McDOWELL. Do you recollect of the order to General McDowell informing him his corps would be the last to embark, i. e., after Sumner's was sent to him from the steam Commodore after you had left for the Peninsula?

Answer. I think it was. I wrote a great many papers on the Commodore, and I think such an order was sent from that steamer.

The court now adjourned to meet to-morrow, December 11, 1862, at 11 o'clock a. m.

APPENDIX.

Alpha.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., June 10,* 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department of Virginia, before Richmond:

For the third time I am ordered to join you, and this time I hope to get through.

In view of the remarks made with reference to my leaving you and my not joining you before by your friends, and of something I have

---------------

*Another copy this dispatch is dated June 8.

---------------

