
heard as coming from you on that subject, I wish to say that I go with the greatest satisfaction, and hope to arrive with my main body in time to be of service. McCall goes in advance by water. I will be with you in ten days with the remainder by land from Fredericksburg.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department Rappahannock.

Beta.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Manassas, June 12, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.

Commanding Department of Virginia, before Richmond:

The delay of Major-General Banks to relieve the division of my command in the valley beyond the time I had calculated on will prevent my joining you with remainder of the troops I am to take below at as early a day as I named. My Third Division, McCall's, is now on the way. Please do me the favor to so place it that it may be in a position to join the others as they come down from Fredericksburg.

IRVIN McDOWELL,Major-General, Commanding Department of the Rappahannock.

Numbers 7.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 17, 1862.

General McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Rappahannock:

GENERAL: Upon being joined by General Shield's division you will move upon Richmond by the general route of the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, co-operating with the forces under General McClellan now threatening Richmond from the line of the Pamunkey and York Rives.

While seeking to establish as soon as possible a communication between your left wing and the right wing of General McClellan you will hold yourself always in such position as to cover the capital of the nation against a sudden dash of any large body of the rebel forces.

General McClellan will be furnished with a copy of these instructions, and will be directed to hold himself in readiness to establish communication with your left wing, and to prevent the main body of the enemy's army from leaving Richmond and throwing itself upon your column before a junction of the two armies is effected.

A copy of his instructions in regard to the employment of your force is annexed.

By order of the President:*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 8.

WASHINGTON, May 17, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, before Richmond:

GENERAL: Your dispatch to the President asking re-enforcements has been received and carefully considered.

---------------

*See also memorandum of date in Series I, Vol. XI, Part III, p. 176.

---------------

7 R R-VOL XII

