
to communicate with Lieutenant-Colonel Hesseltine, Thirteenth Maine Infantry, who with his regiment and boat howitzer from the U. S. steamer Sciota, had landed at noon on the peninsula, about 45 miles from Decrow's Point. The entire command continued the march on the 23rd. Met rebel pickets at Idlebach's place, 10 miles from Camp Numbers 2. Pushed forward rapidly, leaving the transportation at Idlebach's under guard. Arrived at Hill's and Forrester's places and found more rebel pickets. Captured 3 horses, the riders escaping on the bay. I halted the infantry and sent forward the mounted men, in charge of Captain Dana, who went up beyond the head of the peninsula without meeting any opposition. Finding that I could gain no more information by land without attacking the rebel works on the Caney river, I went on board the steamer Sciota, and moved up the coast in shore, and from the masthead of the ship I obtained a fine view of the enemy's position and strength. His works are not formidable and seem to consist of two or three detached field-works, the one on the coast being the most extensive. The are situated about 4 miles from and front toward the head of the peninsula. The ground in front, is a level plain, and excepting a strip three-fourths of a mile wide on the coast is reported marshy. No guns mounted on the works. The rebel troops were plainly distinguished in the opening bordering on the Caney River, and appeared to be in line preparing for an attack. I estimated the cavalry in sight at 3,000 and infantry at 1,000, and saw one piece of field artillery. Discovering a body of rebel cavalry moving down toward our forces, I immediately returned to my command, and having accomplished the object of the reconnaissance, I withdraw to Idlebach's place and encamped for the night. On the following day the command moved back to Duffey's place, 26 miles, and on the 24th, returned to this post, marching 27 miles.

The settlers on the peninsula are generally at home and seem well disposed toward Federal troops. They are poor and scantily supplied with subsistence. Most of the stock was formerly so abundant on the island has drive off by rebel troops. We experienced difficulty in procuring water, and for 15 miles, between Freeman's and Idlebach's place, there is no habitation and no water to be had be digging.

i regret to be obliged to report the death of Captain Charles R. March, of the Thirteenth Maine Infantry, who died on the 23rd instant of a wounding in the head, received from a shot fired by a sailor of the steamer Sciota, who had landed with Colonel Hesseltine's regiment to get a beef. Private Samuel Heald, Company C, of the Thirteenth Maine Infantry, was wounded in the neck by the same shot. Captain March was buried a Forrester's place, 7 miles from the head of the peninsula. The conduct of the troops was good. Lieutenant George Troop, of Mercantile Battery, and the officers and men under his command, and Captain Dana, of the staff of the general commanding, deserve and receive my thanks for the efficient manner in which they discharged the arduous duties assigned them.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Captain HUGH G. BROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General U. S. Forces, Texas.

