
securing scores of the black-hearted villains in the country. We captured several fine horses and revolvers. We lost 1 brave boy; only 2 others were slightly wounded. the brigands were the same party that committed the nursers at Arnoldsville. Eleven of them were on the muster-rolls of a militia company in this county, and they carried a Federal musket all winter. I am pushing after the villains day and night, and my limited force of reliable troops are nearly worn out. I can get help from General Curtis, who has kindly tendered it to-day, but I dislike to have the Kansas troops come over here if it can possibly be avoided. I shall go to Platte Cunty again to-morrow if able to ride. We captured 2 more of our escaped prisoners to-day, McConly and Briggs; the altter was killed.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William J. Fitzgerald, Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry.

RIDGELEY, MO., June 12, 1864-7 a. m.

DEAR SIR: We were attacked here yesterday by bushwhackers, about 20 in number, at about 11 o'clock, under the command of Captain Overson and Lieutenant Oldham. Overson is from Kansas formerly. We killed Overson and wounded Oldham. We will shoot him in one hour from this time. I captured some papers of importance and Major Curtis' hat. They killed 1 of our men and wounded 4. We drove them off; captured 3 horses, 3 revolvers, and $110 in Confederate money. They murdered Thomas H. Bailey, of my company, who was furloughed, the same day that I left the fort, about 5 miles from Weston. We are in a bad fix here. Can't get away without assistance. We have no ammunition, and can't get it. Send men to relieve us, if possible. I can't go away; we are preparing to defend ourselves the best we can. I could [not] get any one to carry you a dispatch yesterday.

WM. J. FITZGERALD,

Captain Company E, Sixteenth Kansas Vol. Cav.

Major-General CURTIS.

JUNE 12, 1864- Affair at Montevallo, Mo.

Report of Colonel Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT SCOTT, June 13, 1864.

A party of my command, under Lieutenant C. B. Willsey, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, ran into 30 bushwhackers yesterday morning at Montevallo, Mo., 35 miles east of here, and scattered them into the brush, killed 1 man, and captured several horses. A party of 150 rebels went through Montevallo last Wednesday, going north, on the old Boonville road, the usual route. Train just in from Fort Smith with about 1,000 refugees. No special news.

C. W. BLAIR.

Brigadier-General McKEAN.

