
JUNE 13-16, 1864.- Scout from Fort Leavenworth, Kans., to Weston, Mo.

Report of Major Robert H. Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 16, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 42, dated headquarters District of North Kansas, June 13, 1864, I have the honor to state that, as directed, I proceeded to Platte County, via Leavenworth City. When near Farley, distant 7 miles from Leavenworth, I was informed that the guerrillas had started toward Platte City, in which direction I went. I had proceeded only about half a mile when I was informed by a resident that some 8 men, supposed to be bushwhackers, had returned to Farley. I immediately countermarched and directed the advance under Lieutenant Gunther, of the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, to double-quick into town and charge upon the party alluded to. At the same time a party under command of Mr. Losee, of Leavenworth City, charged into town from the east, thereby setting off retreat; but to the disappointment of the command the supposed enemy turned out to be imaginary friends, they being a party of militia from Platte City. While at Farley I learned that the guerrillas and the town militia fought desperately, the citizens having saved their lives and property by the aid of "rifle whisky."

Believing the place impregnable, we directed our course toward Platte City, keeping the main road for a few miles, when we took to the brush, hoping to find the trail. Here Mr. Loose, taking 4 men as a guard and with the militia, started for Platte City. Our energetic David Causort, the scout, soon found where the enemy had passed. We followed as speedily as possible, and soon crossed the Platte, where we had to swim. We trailed them some miles farther, but night coming on we lost all trace of them. We went into Platte City, hoping to receive some tangible information, but were disappointed. We concluded to put up for the night, and, to the credit of Major clark, who is in command of the country, and the citizens, we were provided with a good supper. The major seems to be a very clever officer, and acknowledge that a change of policy is necessary in order to suppress bushwhacking. Some of the citizens seemed to be very glad to see us over there, although there were some remarks made about the Kansas radicals (for which the major apologized), which exasperated some of the men. In the morning early we started toward a little town called Smithville, a distance of 14 miles from Platte City, where we took breakfast; had some horse-shoeing done; talked with the people; glad to see us. They are all Union people, every one. Major Clark accompanied us to the place, from which, I believe, he returned. We proceeded to Ridgeley, some 6 miles, were we learned Captain Fitzgerald was guerrilla-bound. We found the captain and the citizens under arms; glad to see us. There are some true Union men there. Lieutenant Pierce and 16 men of Captain Poe's company opportunely arrived there about an hour and a half before the guerrillas. Captain Overson and Lieutenant Feelan [Oldham] made the raid, they not knowing of the aforesaid arrival. Some of the men fought well, but 7 of them ran away, 3 of whom did not return.

Soon after our arrival there I was informed that some troops were approaching. Our command was disposed of in such manner that in the event they were rebels we could take them in, but to our disappointment

