
they were 18 good soldiers, commanded by a good sergeant of the Ninth Missouri. We remained in town until dark, believing that the guerrillas were between the Goose Neck country and Weston. We started, taking a circuitous route of some 8 miles to gain 2, so that the inhabitants should not know where we were going. We marched altogether through the brush, principally in single file. We crossed the Plate River and halted, throwing out pickets, hoping to entrap somebody. At 2 o'clock in the morning we started to the point were we learned the rebels were encamped. Captain Fitzgerald, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, conducted us through the most intricate paths, avoiding roads. At every cross-road we found the most unmistakable sings of their sentinels, who fled at our approach. Seven miles from Weston, at the house of a man named Fulton, our advance espied a mounted guerrilla, but he got away. We saw the old man, who denied having any knowledge of bushwhackers. He was ordered to proceed with us in order to show us the camp but he stubbornly refused, whereupon he was handled pretty roughly. At the moment a daughter of Fulton made her appearance, and aimed a revolver at Sergeant Gill and David Causort, our scout; the latter, however, disarmed the fair damsel; he also took from her a bowie-knife and flask of powder, all of which said scout has in his possession as a love token. We searched the premises for arms and ammunition, but found none; however, from the conduct of the woman, I have reason to believe that arms are concealed there. We took the old man, the commanding officer promising the family to save his life, and scouted around the country until we concluded the rebels had scattered, knowing our presence.

When within 5 miles of Weston we stopped and took breakfast. The Saint Joseph troops, who accompanied us to this point, returned. The aforesaid old man was taken out by some of the men and hung a little (he requested that his body should be returned to his wife), but the boys knowing the promise of the commanding officer let him go, where he is now doubtless feeding his friends. the whole family are plucky, and the guerrillas find them valuable auxiliaries.

After breakfast we went out into the Weston road at the black-smith's shop, where Private Bailey was taken by 3 or 4 guerrillas and killed. This occurred one day last week. We searched for his body, but could not find it. When we came to the shop the smith, Thomas Newnham, was absent, but we sent for him. In the interim we conversed with his amiable wife, who said her husband had done no work for several weeks, adding that he had no coal. We went into the shop and found fire on the forage and that work had been done there only a few hours before, which led us to believe tat Mrs. Blacksmith departed from the truth. The husband arrived, but he knew nothing of the murder of Bailey; did not know that he shod the horses of bushwhackers. He remembered the circumstance of the shoeing of horses and of having seen Private Bailey passing. We then returned to Weston, where we were treated to lager by our true friends, the Dutch, and from thence home. We saw but one rebel family in the whole country, according to them; so what was to be done? We are, however, of the opinion that there are about 300 organized guerrillas in the counties of Platte, Clay, and Buchanan, under the command of Colonel Thornton, brother-in-law to Colonel Donipham, of Weston, Mo.

