
We are of the opinion that Weston was to be sacked and all the Germans killed. We glean these facts from evidence already in your possession, and we have no doubt that our trip in Platte and Clay Counties prevented the threatened calamity for the present. There was 1 small black horse found in the road, and we turned him over to Major Clark in Platte City. No other property was taken. The men and officers behaved well, and returned very much disappointment in not having a brush with the guerrillas.

I have the honor sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. HUNT,

Major, Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding District of North Kansas.

JUNE 14, 1864.- Raid on Melville, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General B. Sanborn, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Captain Calvin S. Moore, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army.

SRINGFIELD, MO., June 14, 1864.

Melville, in Dade County, was entered this morning by a force of the enemy, estimated at 400, and mostly burned. The enemy came from the northwest and moved off in the same direction. Our troops are following them. I respectfully request permission to come to Saint Louis for a conference with the general commanding as soon as the condition here will allow me to leave.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Calvin S. Moore, Sixth Missouri State militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenfield, Mo., June 14, 1864.

GENERAL: Melville was attacked this morning about sunrise by about 75 bushwhackers; they succeeded in burning the town and killing several men, mostly citizens. I think there were only a few militia there and I think they were completely surprised. Major Morgan, with most of the men there, was on a scout in the Horse Creek country. The rebels came in from a northwest direction; were commanded by Pete Roberts. The rebels left there about 8

