
o'clock; it was 2 o'clock before I got information of the direction they went. I then immediately sent Lieutenant Clevenger in pursuit of them with 50 men. The rebels went in a northwest direction toward White Hare or Sons Point; burned several houses on Sac River as they went. I have some hopes that Lieutenant Clevenger will overtake them; if he does I expect to hear a good account of him.

Captain Higgenbotham's company has just moved in here from Pennsylvania Prairie. The captain, with 20 of his men, have gone after them. I will call in the citizens to-night; enough men here to defend this place. I think the commanding officer at Melville is to blame for not informing me sooner than he did of the affair, and direction the bushwhackers went.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. MOORE,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. S. SANBORN,

Commanding Dist. S. W. Mo., Springfield, Mo.

P. S.- Major King, inspector, arrived here last evening. He will probably remain until the 16th instant.

C. S. M.

JUNE 14, 1864.- Skirmish near Lexington, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Captain Milton Burris, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., June 19, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of Companies F and I, of my regiment, numbering 35 men, on the 13th of June, 1864, were ordered to Lexington, Mo., for rations. While returning on the 14th of June, 1864, 12 miles from Lexington, were attacked by 100 guerrillas, and after a hard fight lost 8 men killed of the detachment and 2 wounded, of with the following is a list.*

The guerrillas fought with valor, discipline, and skill. The detachment fought with equal valor, discipline, and judgment, and repulsed the enemy in three different charges, but finally, being attacked on both flanks and in rear, they were compelled to retreat before the superior force of the enemy.

very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding the Regiment.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

---------------

* Nominal list omitted.

---------------

