
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Milton Burris, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIRST CAV., MISSOURI STATE MIL.,In the Field, La Fayette County, Mo., June 14, 1864.

SIR: It become my painful duty to inform you of a terrible disaster amongst the troops under my command. I sent yesterday to Lexington for rations for Companies F and I, with escort of 30 men, under command of Sergeant Shackelford, Company I, and on their return to-day they were attacked at William Whitsit's by about 100 guerrillas. Sergeant Shackelford dismounted his men and drove them back, and then attempted to move his train, when the guerrillas made a charge and nearly surrounded Shackelford, and cut him off from the brush, and his only chance was retreat. He lost 8 men killed and one mortally wounded, also lost all the rations, 2 wagons, 15 mules. The mules were killed. He lost several horses, the exact number not yet known. From what I can learn Shackelford had his men in good order and was using great caution. I have not been able to learn who was in command of the guerrillas. I am left with only one team and am out of rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURRIS,

Captain Co. i, First cavalry, Mo. State Militia, Commanding

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding First Cav., Mo. S. Mil., Warrensburg, Mo.

JUNE 14-16, 1864.- Scouts from Pleasant Hill, Mo.

Report of Colonel James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., June 15, 1864.

Left here yesterday at daylight. Sent Captain moses with 50 men, mounted, north, along the line of La Fayette County, to co-operate with major Neill. I took 100 men and moved north [to] Snibar; thence west through Sni Hills and Blue brush, avoiding all roads, to raytown. About midway between Independence and Hickman's Mills found Major Pritchard there with 120 men. This morning sent Captain Kingsbury with 70 men direct through Sni Hills and Blue and Oak Hollow, with directions to follow down line of la Fayette about 6 miles below Lone Jack and then come in here. Instructed Major Pritchard to scout from Kansas line to blue Mills; also sent scouts up Little Blue to head of Grand and down Grand till opposite here, and then come in. We gave them a busy stirring up and broke up several camps from 10 to 30 each. Foot scouts had skirmish this morning about daylight. They got several, sure. No concentration of guerrillas in my sub-district, but many bands of from 10 to 50. If I had companies more, so as to keep more men out on foot, I could beat them bad at their own game. All Pleasant Hill troops will be in to-morrow. Shall I order Major Pritchard and command back to their stations?

J. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Central Missouri.

