HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Kansas City, Mo., July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make to the general commanding the following report of a scout made by me on the 15th and 16th of June, 1864:

June 15.- Started with all the well-mounted men of Companies D, I, K, and M (about 150 in all), from Pleasant Hill, about 4 a. m. Detached Captain Moses, with his company (M), to the right, with orders to scout toward the La Fayette County line. Reached Snibar Station about 10 a. m. After resting the men and horses half an hour, took a westerly course toward Raytown, through very heavy brush and over rocky hills and ravines. Found a very few fresh sings, but saw no guerrillas until 4 miles of Raytown. A small party detached to the right gave chase to 2 bushwhackers, but failed to overtake them. Reached Raytown about 5 p. m. After dark I sent out foot scout of 25 men, under a sergeant. He came in about 6 a. m., instant, and reported having fired into a party of 6 or 8, killing, as he thinks, 3 of them. This was just at daylight. Soon after they discovered a party of 15 at a house, but as they were crawling up toward the house a railroad employed saw them and gave notice to the guerrillas, who immediately left; this was near the crossing by the railroad of the Little Blue. The distance traveled by them, 15 miles. I also sent out another foot scout of 20 men, in a different direction, who ran into a party of 10 or 12 guerrillas; fired into and wounded 1 or 2 of them. They traveled 10 miles.

june 16.- Started for Pleasant Hill about 6.30 a. m., having first sent Captain Kingsbury, with Companies D and I, to scout the country toward and through Burr Oak Hollow. Reached Pleasant Hill, without seeing any guerrillas, about 2 p. m. Captain Kingsbury came in about 9 p. m., and reported no guerrillas where he had been. The distance traveled by him, after leaving the main command, 40 miles. Captain Moses, with his company, reached Pleasant Hill the next morning, having scouted through the eastern edge of Jackson County, reaching Independence on the night of the 16th without seeing any bushwhackers. He traveled about 90 miles. Distance traveled by the main command, 70 miles.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 15, 1864.- Skirmish near White Hare, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Captain Calvin S. Moore, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 17, 1864.

MAJOR: Major Mitchell, Seventh Provisional Regiment, with a portion of Company E, Sixth Missouri State Militia, and a portion

64 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

