
of his own command, came upon the force that burned Melville, near White Hare, on the 15th instant, and immediately made a charge upon it and killed 6 of the enemy dead on the spot, wounded a large number, and captured 11 horses and scattered the force in all directions. This force was made up of Pete Roberts' and Hinch West's bands, numbering only about 80 men, and not 400, as was at first estimated and reported. Our troops are still destroying them.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Calvin S. Moore, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Greenfield, Mo., June 16, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the command that left here on the 14th instant in pursuit of the bushwhackers that burned Melville, Mo., on the 14th instant, formed a junction with a portion of Enrolled Missouri and citizens from Melville and vicinity about 4 o'clock on the same day they left here. Struck the trail of the rebels at 4 o'clock, and followed it until dark, when the rebels scattered. The command then went 15 miles in the direction of Lamar, to try to strike the trail of rebels. Camped on Horse Creek about midnight. Started in pursuit again on the morning of the 15th and came on the rebels in camp about 12 o'clock, 15th. The rebels were selling off at auction to one another the goods they had stolen at Melville before they burned the town. They were taken somewhat by surprise. Our men immediately charged them and routed them, killing 7 rebels and wounding a number more, and capturing almost all the goods they had stolen, together without about 15 horses. Our troops all did well. The rebels scattered. Our men were too much fatigued to pursue them.

A large portion of the captured property was turned over on the spot to the citizens at Melville that claimed them. A portion of it is in the hands of the Enrolled Missouri Militia that participated in the fight. A portion of it my men brought off, consisting of dry goods, &amp;c., which I have taken possession of and will turn over to legal owners upon their identifying the same. Our loss was none killed, 1 or 2 Enrolled Missouri Militia slightly wounded.

C. S. MOORE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

JUNE 17, 1864.

On yesterday I sent Lieutenant Murphy with 40 men to the Horse Creek country, to try to ascertain, if he could, whether the rebels were still in the country. He returned this morning, stating that he thinks they have left the country.

C. S. MOORE,

Captain Company E, Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.

