
JUNE 15, 1864.- Union evacuation of Pass Cavallo, Tex.

Report of Colonel George W. K. Bailey, Ninety-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,Kennersville, La., June 22, 1864.

MAJOR: Being left in command of the U. S. forces at Pass Cavallo, Tex., by order of Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, I have the honor of making the following report to you of the evacuation of that place: After having shipped most of the valuable lumber, by request of Major-General Herron, to Brazos, and a condensing apparatus, I made a final evacuation on the 15th day of June, A. D. 1864. bringing away all valuables, together with the heavy guns captured on Fort Esperanza. i burnt everything combustible, except the private dwelling of Colonel Forester, and blew up the forts.

I am, major, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. K. BAILEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf.

JUNE 15-16, 1864.- Capture of the steamer J. R. Williams, Arkansas River, and skirmish at San Bois Creek, Ind. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Douglas H. Cooper, C. S. Army, Commanding Indian Division.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Stand Watie, commanding First Indian Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Douglas H. Cooper, C. S. Army, commanding Indian Division.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,Limestone Prairie, June 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the pleasure to announce the capture of a steam-boat, loaded with commissary stores principally, at Pheasant Bluff, on the 15th instant, by Colonel Stand Watie. A few prisoners were taken, others escaping to the north side of the river. All transportation, except a bare sufficiency to move the troops, having been sent back to Boggy Depot for supplies, the creeks being up and the roads almost impassable, I am unable at present to send a train to the boat, but have sent the Chickasaw regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds, to re-enforce Colonel Watie. have also ordered McCurtain to send a heavy scout toward Fort Smith to attract notice, and shall send Colonel Walker forward toward Scullyville to intercept any cavalry who may attempt to go to the bluff by the south side of the river. I have also sent Captain Desmukes and John Melvin,

