
both experienced Arkansas River steam-boat men, to run the boat up Canadian as far as the water will allow. It will be destroyed only upon urgent necessity arising.

Respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Ind. Ter., Fort Towson.

N. B.- The boat was fired into the light howitzer battery under Lieutenant Forester, killing 2 men and wounding several. The shot passed through the chimney and upper works of the boat; did not injure the hull. She surrendered and came over to the south side.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Stand Watie, commanding First Indian Brigade.

PHEASANT BLUFF, June 17, 1864.

I send by Lieutenant Forester, of Lee'd light battery, 6 men, prisoners. They were taken on board the stream-boat Williams, captured on the 15th, of which you was apprised by a dispatch sent by A. Worford. The boat, after she was fired on, run onto the other shore. The men escaped into the woods on the other side; 2 were killed on board and 2 after they had left the boat. With the boat was captured 150 barrels of flour, 16,000 pounded of bacon, and considerable quantity of store goods, which was very acceptable to the boys, but has turned out to be [a] disadvantage to the command, as greater portions of the Creeks and Seminoles immediately broke off to carry their booty home. I am left here with only a few men. The enemy is now on the opposite side of the river. Commenced firing on us about 12 yesterday. We have only a portion of flour and bacon brought up on the bluff. The river rose great deal last night and washed off several barrels of flour. If I can get wagons I would move the flour and bacon to Kribb's, otherwise I shall be compelled to leave it. The roads are in a wretched condition. The scout under Major Gillett has not yet returned. Colonel Adair is still on the other side of Canadian; not fordable. Lieutenant Forester will give particulars. The negro woman I send is to be retained. I would like for her to be returned to me as a cook whenever I rejoin the train. She says her master's name is, I think, Thompson. If he is a Federal she will, of course, be conflicted. I will keep you apprised of all I shall be able to learn of the enemy.

Yours, truly.

STAND WATIE,

Colonel, Commanding Troops on Arkansas River.

[General D. H. COOPER.]

P. S.- With regard to the black woman I am informed by Mr. Akins that she belongs, or did three years ago, to James Latty. Was raised by old Mr. Latty, near Evansville.

WATIE.

