
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DIVISION,June 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for General Maxey's information.

Re-enforcements were sent to Colonel Watie day before yesterday. Shall send a heavy scout toward Sculluville to prevent Federal cavalry from getting in his rear.

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INDIAN BRIGADE,Camp, Limestone Prairie, June 27, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of my command up to this date: On the 10th of May Colonel W. P. Adair was ordered to the neighborhood of Arkansas River, from which the movements of the enemy were watched on both sides by means of scouting parties. On the 5th of this month, hearing that the Arkansas was rising rapidly, I started with two pieces of cannon in that direction. Lieutenant Forester, of the battery, followed with the third piece. The battery was consolidated on the Canadian, near Kribbs', and Lieutenant Forester ordered to take position with it at Pheasant Bluff, which he did. on the 15th June a boat containing commissary supplies and quartermaster's stores, en route from Fort Smith to fort Gibson, was captured at this point. A great many of the men left to secure the plunder captured, thus leaving me without a sufficient force to secure the battery from even a small party.

In this condition I learned that a detachment of Federals of superior strength was approaching up the Arkansas on the south side, and i was compelled to burn the commissary stores captured, as I could not defend them successfully with the force I had, and the Canadian River being so high re-enforcements from colonel Adair was impossible. After retreating 12 miles I met the Chickasaws, who had been ordered to support me. I ordered a party of 150, under Major Campbell, to the iron bridge on San Bois, which they reached about daylight or a little after.

The Federals soon made appearance and a skirmish ensued. The enemy brought up and commenced using his artillery, when the detachment fell back. The skirmish served to check the enemy, who precipitately retreated from this point toward Fort Smith, as was learned by a scout afterward.

In the mean time and before the capture of the boat, Major Gillett was ordered with a scouting party to the neighborhood of Fort Smith. I have not received any report from him. The Cherikee force is now collected here, having all been ordered in to facilitate the reorganization of the regiments and companies. The Creeks are at present doing scouting duty.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

STAND WATIE,

Colonel, Commanding First Indian Brigade.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER.

