
CLINTON, LA., June 20, 1864.

The gun-boat 53, attacked by me on the 15th, has been beached on Cat Island Bar to prevent her sinking. The General Bragg, attacked on 16th, has 32 shots through her, is entirely disabled, and nearly all of her crew killed and wounded. Attacked the U. S. transport Landis 6 miles above Port Hudson on night of 16th. She reported sunk near Baton Rouge.

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major General S. D. LEE.

JUNE 16, 1864.- Affair on Big North Fork Creek, near Preston, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Sergt. Reuben W. Smith, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles W. Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., June 16, 1864.

About noon to-day a party of 30 men of Company C, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, were attacked in the brush 40 miles south ofd here, on the Carthage road, as they returned from a scout. There were 100 of the enemy visible that were counted. The firing was pretty brisk for a few minutes, 1 or our men being killed, 2 of theirs were killed, and 3 rode off hanging down on the side of their saddles, and are badly, if not mortally, wounded. Sergeant Smith, who was in command, and who is a cool and observant man, drew his men out on the prairie to have a fair chance. The enemy declined to follow, but as the woods seemed to be full of the enemy, our troops slowly retired. Shall start a scout of 100 men immediately to try to find them, but as they so far off have but little hope.

C. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

General McKEAN.

Numbers 2. Report of Sergt. Reuben W. Smith, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, THIRD WISCONSIN CAV.,Dry Wood, Mo., Juune 16, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding First Brigade, South Kansas:

COLONEL: Orderly Smith has made his report, which is inclosed, of the sad casualty to our company to-day. The body undoubtedly lies there, and I would like permission to go down with a body of men sufficient to obtain it and to make such endeavor as would be prudent to obtain the cattle. My first duty is to put my company in fighting trim. We need forty carbines, twenty-five pistols, and at least forty saddles. We have the horses, but no saddles. From every indication these were well mounted and armed with guns of

