
heavy shooting caliber and handled themselves as if accustomed to regular warfare, and I have no doubt but they are the advance or flankers of the reported force of 600 at Pineville.

respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. EHLE,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company C.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. COMPANY C, THIRD WISCONSIN CAV. VOLS.,Dry Wood, Mo., June 16, 1864.

SIR: Agreeably to your order of the 13th instant, I proceeded to Carthage, Mo., with 30 men of this company, for the purpose of bringing out cattle for use of the Government trains. I ws delayed two days after my arrival at carthage on the 13th instant, and started for Fort Scott on the 16th instant at daybreak. ll was quiet on the road until after we had crossed the lower ford, on Big North Fork, near Preston, Mo., where 46 rebels came out a short distance from the timber and kept a continuous advance and firing upon us while we were so badly scattered as to afford no possible time for us to form line. I immediately ordered a retreat an formed line about 100 yards from where we were first attacked and cross a ravine, where the rebels came to a halt but continued firing. After exchanging a few rounded the rebels withdrew and fell back into the timber, where I had previously discovered another body of men, and this attack being so close to the timber, it was impossible to follow them without running into three times our number. I ordered 2 men to the right about one-half mile to an eminence on the prairie, where all that surrounded us was visible to them, and made a discovery of about 30 rebels on the opposite side of the point of timber from where we were attacked, but none of them from either side offered us an engagement on the prairie. the loss on our side was 1 killed - Eugene Hunt, a private. This was done before the men had all got together. Three of the enemy wounded and 1 mortally. The cattle ran into the timber about 200 yards from the rebel camp, leaving no opportunity of recapturing them great sacrifice. I was consequently obliged to leave them and slowly retreat to camp on Dry Wood to-night.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. W. SMITH,

First Sergeant Company C, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding Post, Fort Scott, Kans.

JUNE 16-17, 1864.- Expedition from Fort Leavenworth, Kans., to Farley, &amp;c., Mo.

Report of Major Robert H. Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 17, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 44, dated headquarters District of North Kansas, June 16, 1864, I have the honor briefly to report the result of the expedition. As directed, the command left this post at 7 a. m. and crossed the ferry at Leavenworth City City at about 9 p. m. I directed Captain Hudges, as per order, to take a position on the boat the purpose of covering a retreat and there to remain till our return. The general's scout, David Causort, and

