
a citizen of Missouri, who was supposed to have known where the camp of the enemy was, accomplished us. We traveled the river road to the town of farley, about 6 or 7 miles east from Leavenworth City. When near the town the advance captured 2 citizens, armed, one with a double-barreled shotung, and the other with a pistol, which we deprived them of and ordered them to accompany us. When we arrived at farley we searched the house of Dr. Holt, hoping to find his son, a young guerrilla, at home. We found an older brother, who represented himself from Falls City, Nebr. He refereed us to Major Burbank as to his loyalty. We took from him 1 revolver. We then proceeded southeast, striking the Platte in a few miles. Here we halted within a half mile of the river and sent the scouts over to arrest any one who could communicate information. That performed, we proceeded to the ferry-boat, a very small craft, capable of carrying only 10 men and horses at a time. We consumed about half an hour in crossing and on we went, hoping every little while to come in contact with the enemy, all eager for a brush, but no enemy. At just before daylight we halted at the house of a Union man, who seemed to be alarmed that we ventured out so far with so small a force. He added that there were at least 500 guerrillas within 10 miles. At this point we had traveled at least 25 miles. At daylight we breakfasted, dividing our forces for the purpose. Having found no enemy and our limits being fixed, we returned, taking a circuitous route, crossing the Platte at Gordon's Ford, 2 miles below Platte City. We met but one man on our return trip until we came to the Missouri River, where I expected to find Captain Hudges, who was instructed to await the return of the command. I presume he was believed by proper authority. No calamity on the trip; no incident worth relating but has been noted. The command returned about 11 a. m to this post.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. HUNT,

Major, Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant DAVID J. CRAIGIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 16-20, 1864.- Expedition from Kansas into Missouri.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.- Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Kansas.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Thomas J. McKean, U. S. Army, commanding District of South Kansas.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 4.- Lieutenant Colonel George H. Hyot, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Kansas.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 18, 1864.

GENERAL: After your dispatch, giving intelligence of rebels on Sni Hills, General McKean concentrated cavalry at Aubrey, and after

---------------

* See also report of Colonel James H. Ford, of scout from Kansas City, Mo., p. 1032.

---------------

