
further intelligence of concentration of rebels on the line between Jackson and La Fayette Counties, two detachments moved forward, one scouring the timber of the Blue and the other the Grand River timber, the two to meet at Sni Hills. Last evening Colonel Ford was notified, but fearing messenger would be intercepted he did not notify General Brown, but desires you to do so from Saint Louis by telegraph.

On the 16th, the bushwhackers attacked some of my Wisconsin troops about 40 miles southeast of Fort Scott. We lost 1 man and rebels 2, besides 3 that got off wounded. Will send you copy of General McKean's report.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 22, 1864.

General McKean reports expedition returned from Sni Hills; acted in concert with your troops, under Colonel Ford; found only small bands of bushwhackers, that scattered in all directions.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. McKean, U. S. Army, commanding District of South Kansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Pola, Kans., June 17, 1864.

GENERAL: About midnight, between the 13th and 14th instant, I received your dispatch giving information received from headquarters Department of the Missouri that rebels were reported to be concentrating in the Sni Hills of Missouri, I immediately commenced concentrating at Aubrey a force from the Second Brigade of my command (scattered over a distance of about 70 miles), and by day-light on the morning of the 14th, had at Aubrey a sufficient force for defense against any number that could probably be brough against that point by the enemy. While waiting the arrival of the balance of our troops scouts were engaged in searching for the enemy in Jackson and Cass Counties, Mo.

On the morning of the 15th instant our troops had all arrived at Aubrey, were rationed and foraged, but no satisfactory intelligence concerning the enemy was received until the evening of that day, when reports indicated that they were concentrating or endeavoring to concentrate on the line between Jackson and La Fayette Counties, Mo. On the 16th instant our troops, under command of Colonel Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, moved without baggage into Missouri in two detachments of four squadrons each; one under Lieutenant-Colonel Hyot, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, to scour the

