
for Hickman Mills next morning to wait my return. At 2 in the morning (18th) Colonel Ford, with about 100 Second Colorado Cavalry, a few footmen, and Company B, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Lieutenant Taber commanding, started for the purpose of intercepting the enemy likely to be driven out by Colonel Hoyt. I accompanied Colonel Ford at his request. We reached Lone Jack at daylight, and proceeded to give the Sni Hills a general inspection. But few bushwhackers were seen, as it was evident they were leaving for La Fayette and Johnson Counties. We struck a gang of 15 some 5 miles in La Fayette County. A skirmish ensued, without damage on either side. About an hour afterward a gang of 50 was run into by our flanking party; the enemy broke and ran. Company B, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, on the south flank, captured 2 U. S. mules and a U. S. horse, which was proven by Colonel Ford as one of Company M's horses, Second Colorado. He was accordingly given up. The 2 mules are still in the possession of Lieutenant Taber, and will be sent up to the provost-marshal first opportunity.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt joined us that night with his command at Mr. Robinson's, some 5 miles from Sibley, which is one the Missouri River. During that day we marched about 55 miles. From every sign and signal we were all convinced that the bushwhackers were concentrating on Black Water, in Johnson County, and as the border tier of counties were once freed from their sway, I deemed it prudent and right to return as rapidly as possible, which was done, the entire command recrossing the border about noon on the 20th. I remained at Aubrey that night, making the proper disposition of the troops, and returned here on the evening of the 21st.

The entire command started with only five days' hard bread in their saddle-bags, a blanket and overcoat apiece on their horses. This includes the officers from myself down, and while the weather was oppressively warm and the marches long, hazardous, and rough, not a single complaint ever reached my ears. Officers and soldiers seemed to strive and vie with each other in the line of duty. Where all exhibited in a marked degree patriotism, endurance, and gallantry, it is difficult to particularize. To Lieutenant-Colonel Hoytis due much credit for his promptitude and gallantry during the entire expedition, and to his adjutant, Lieutenant Goble, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, who assisted me prior to the division of the command (I had no staff officers). Lieutenant Nichols, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, quartermaster and commissary at Olathe, is deserving of special mention for the deep interest he took in the welfare of the command. I had nearly forgotten to say that Assistant Surgeon Erikson, Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, accompanied me on the expedition, heroically enduring every trial and hardship like a true soldier. His instruments and medicines were strapped on a mule, yclept ambulance, and the doctor was at all times on hand administering to the wants of the men, several of whom, had he not been present, would have suffered. He volunteered for the trip and is entitled to more than ordinary credit. the expedition throughout reflects credit on the troops, District and Department of Kansas, and I think the moral effect it had on the bushwhackers will be greater than anything heretofore done. They now feel that we will cross into Missouri when danger threatens our border, and that we will not wait until Kansas is invaded before we strike at them. I would also state that I was cordially through your headquarters by the commissary and quartermaster depot at Paola.

