
Permit me again to say that Colonel Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, and his officers are not only entitled to our thanks but gratitude for the soldierly and manly way in which we were treated. Their desire is to co-operate heartily with us in the border troubles. One thing is worthy of notice. Wherever we found settlements there we found of bushwhackers, and vice versa. Around Hickman Mills, Pleasant Hill, and the Sni Hills there are a good many farmers returned under the order of General Brown, all of them bearing protection papers, either from General Brown's headquarters or headquarters Saint Louis. From Westport down the border, say a breadth of 15 or 20 miles, there are but few settlers except around Hickman Mills. If a raid is made into Kansas, so far as my border extends, I think it will be by a concentration on Black Water timber, in Johnson County, and making the march from there during the night, between Harrisonville and Pleasant Hill.

Respectfully submitted.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola.

[Inclosures.]

A.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, June 13, 1864 - 12 p. m.

Colonel MOONLIGHT,

Commanding Brigade, Mound City:

The enemy reported 500 strong near Sni Hills, Mo. Proceed to Aubrey, where troops will be concentrated, and take command. Have Colonel Snoddy cal the militia.

By order of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

B.

PAOLA, June 14, 1864.

Colonel MOONLIGHT:

Messenger was sent last night instructing you to go Aubrey and take command of troops concentrating there. If you can come by stage to-day a conveyance will be ready here for Olathe.

T. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George H. Hoyt, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.

OLATHE, KANS., June 21, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to the following telegram, received June 14, 1864, 1.45 a. m., I ordered the troops under my command, consisting of Companies F and G, Fifteenth Regiment, stationed at Olathe; Company B, Sixteenth, stationed at Shawnee; Company I,

