
Eleventh, stationed at Shawnee Mission; Company L, Fifth, stationed at Camp Clayton, and Company K, Eleventh, at Oxford, to march forthwith to Aubrey, at which place soon after daylight the entire command was assembled:

PAOLA, June 14, 1864.

Colonel HOYT:

Enemy reported 500 strong near Sni Hills. Concentrate at or near Aubrey, and call out militia.

By order of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The command was further augmented by the arrival early in the day of Company b, Fifteenth regiment, stationed at Coldwater Grove, and Company C, Fifteenth Regiment, at Rockville. Companies A nad D, Eleventh regiment, which had been for a long time stationed at Aubrey, were also in readiness; also a sectioned of mountain howitzers, attached to Eleventh Regiment, and commanded by Lieutenant C. T. Slane, Company A, Eleventh, with a detachment of that company. According to verbal instructions from you to march at noon of the 16th instant and form a junction with the battalion of Second Colorado troops, commanded by Major Pritchard, I moved at 12 o'clock precisely, with Companies B, C, F, and G, Fifteenth Regiment., toward Raytown, Mo., at which point I arrived at sunset, joining the command above refereed to. It gives me pleasure to report that Major Pritcherd and his officers received my command with the utmost cordiality. It was deemed on consultation advisable to scour the country of the Little Blue thoroughly; scout for several days prior, by Second Colorado, having betrayed the presence there of bodies of guerrillas.

Early the (following) morning of 17th, accompanied by major Pritchard's command, I moved 6 miles above Raytown, to the Little Blue, and scattered the command in small parties, penetrating every part of the infested section. My troops scaled the cliffs, "raking down" the brush and thickets in every direction, frequently dismounting squads in order to reach points inaccessible to cavalry. This was continued until night, when by preconcert, having reached a point below Blue Springs, the command concentrated and camped at Massey's farm. Although ordered by you, if possible, to join you at Stonestreet's, 7 miles below, I deemed it necessary to camp here and "finish" the Blue timber next day. This was accomplished by Companies B, C, and F, Fifteenth Regiment, while Company G, with a portion of Second Colorado, under command of Captain Wagoner, scouted a portion of the Sni Hills, with instruction to scout thoroughly that portion which I believed your command farther east would not each. The command concentrated in the afternoon at Snibar Station, formerly known as Mason's farm, and marched thence to Robinson's place, north of Pink Hill, where I reported to you.

I found no guerrillas on Little Blue, with the exception of a small squad of 7, who were seen by citizens some hours before my arrival. A deserted camp was found by Captain Simpson, Company C, Fifteenth Regiment, in Hickory Grove, which apparently had been unoccupied for three or four weeks. Two U. S. horses and 1 contrabands horse, found tied to the fence in the brush, and having convincing sings of having been abandoned by the enemy, were found by Captain Curtis, Company F, Fifteenth Regiment. The branded

