
horse I have turned over to Colonel J. H. Ford, Second Colorado Volunteers, to whose regiment the horses belonged, and the contraband to Lieutenant Bennett, provost-marshal of this district, duplicates of whose receipt I have the honor to inclose. Observations on this scout leads me to the conclusion that the enemy have moved pro tempore to some other locality, perhaps the langer portion across the Missouri River.

In conclusion, permit me to refer to the praiseworthy behavior of both officers and men of my command. To Captain Joy, commanding Company I, Eleventh Kansas; Captain Allen, Company K, Eleventh Kansas; Captain Curtis, Company F; Captain Simpson, Company C; Captain Thompson, Company B; Second Lieutenant Barker, commanding Company G, Fifteenth Kansas, especial praise is due. First Lieutenant Hadley, commanding Company L, Fifth Kansas, was ordered to remain at Camp Clayton, on the border. All the movements of these officers were characterized by vigor, promptitude, and zeal. in this connection allow me again to refer to the manly and earnest co-operation of Major Pritchard, who was heartily seconded in his efforts by Captain Greene and Wagoner, Second Colorado Volunteers.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. H. HOYT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Commanding

Colonel THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Commanding Second Brigade, District of South Kansas.

JUNE 17, 1864.- Skirmish near Columbia, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Douglass, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HDQRS. 8TH MIL. DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Columbia, Mo., June 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I wrote to general Gray last night that the delay on the North Missouri Railroad in getting up the guns I feared would prove fatal, and I regret now to inform you that my worst fears have been realized. Major Evans left Centralia early this morning with fifty shootings and an escort of 5 soldiers (all that he could get_, and had got within 2 miles of Columbia, when they were fired on from the brush by a band of armed rebels. The first fire wounded 2 soldiers very badly and killed the horse of the third. He immediately started the wagon and team ahead, but they were followed some 2 miles, where a second encounter took place, in which the major with only 2 men were overpowered and the wagon and arms were captured by the rebels. Thus all our hopes for the time being are blasted. I had a meeting of the citizens to-night, and some 50 pledged themselves to help defend the town, and unless we can get arms or can have soldiers sent here, we will have to abandon our homes and seek safety in some other quarter. I send this by Major R. G. Lyell, a true and good man. I also wish to get a duplicate of arms and ammunition for this post for those lost to-day. These arms cannot now be gotten here from the North Missouri Railroad, and I have directed Major Lyell to come by way of Jefferson City to furnish

