
him an escort from Jefferson City, which is 30 miles from here, or they may take a boat and land at Providence, which is 2 miles from Columbia. There can be no doubt but there is quite a large band of rebels north of the Missouri River, and it will require energetic measures to disperse them; but this should be done at the earliest possible moment. There should be no temporizing, but speedy punishment should be inflected on these marauders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DOUGLASS,

Brigadier-General.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

JUNE 17, 1864.- Skirmish on the Monticello road, near Pine Bluff, Ark.

Report of Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

PINE BLUFF, June 17, 1864.

About 12 o'clock yesterday three of the scouting parties returned. Two of them reported a brigade of cavalry (rebel) at Connersville, and that all the roads in the roads in the direction of Monticello are picketed and patrolled daily. The other party went in the direction of Jenkin's Ferry, and reported all quiet. About 1.30 o'clock the pickets on the upper Monticello road were driven by a large force of the enemy's cavalry. After skirmishing with them for some time, Lieutenant-Colonel Jenkins, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, succeeded in driving them and pursued them as far as was safe, killing and wounding several of them. Our casualties are 2 or 3 slightly wounded. A dispatch bearer and his dispatch was captured and brought in yesterday morning. The following is a copy of the rebel dispatch:

OFFICE POST COMMANDANT,

Warren, June 12, 1864.

Captain C. C. WOLFE,

Commanding Pickets Post, Mount Elba road:

CAPTAIN: I have just received your note, and in reply will state that we have pickets on the Warren. Princeton, and Tulip roads, and in fact on every road leading from this place. I am glad you are aware of the necessity of reporting any advance of the enemy. Lee is in his fortifications at Richmond. Grant is in 7 miles of him, yet do not feel discouraged. That is Lee, Davis, Beaurehard, Johnston's, and Bragg's plan. Johnston has given Sherman a severe whipping, taking 16,000 prisoners; no doubt of this. Everything is bright and buoyant. I shall be pleased to hear from you again.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES G. NEWMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

A scout of 200 men was sent out yesterday morning in the direction of the Wautscha Bayou. I arrived last night about 10 o'clock.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, Ark.

Lieutenant Grove, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, has just returned with his scout of 20 men, and reports that the forces which attacked

65 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

