
our pickets on yesterday were 700 strong, and hearing of their being on the upper Monticello road that he made a rapid march for Connersville, and while they were absent he burned their camp and equipage. The rebels were commanded by Colonel Stemmings.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Colonel, Commanding Pine Bluff.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 18-19, 1864.- Descent on Laclede, Mo., and Pursuit of the Raiders.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 2.- Captain Eli J. Crandall, Linn County, Missouri, Enrolled Militia.

Numbers 3.- Lieutenant Joseph M. Brown, Eighteenth Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Clonton B. Fisk, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Missouri.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., June 21, 1864.

A gang of guerrillas from Chariton County dashed into Laclede on Saturday and killed 2 citizens and plundered others. Troops from Brookfield, under Captain Crandall, were ordered in pursuit. Three of the guerrillas have been killed, and the stolen property mostly recovered.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain Eli. J. Crandall, Linn County, Missouri, Enrolled Militia.

BROOKFIELD, June 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I find that 16 bushwhackers, under command, it is said, of Captain Holtzclaw, came into Laclede last night about 5 p. m., and arrested the citizens who could be readily found. One man by name of Crowder shot 1 of them, and was instantly killed himself. They also shot a man by name of Jones, a good, loyal man. Our boys were mounted, and went from here, and some went on an engine and drove them out of town in a hurry. Lieutenant Lewis ran them with 25 men until after dark; he then returned to laclede, and has again left Laclede; at daylight he run them into the timber; a portion, some 4 in number, pressed the mail hack, and put their man who was wounded in it, and also a lot of plunder taken from stores, which our men captured again. The men on the engine shot

