
of allegiance; all of which they think gives them a license to abuse not only the Government but soldiers. This kind of endurance has ceased to be a virtue, and the soldiers seem determined to handle them without gloves, and not use any superfluous words. I think we must let all know that we appearance them in the community and treat them as rebels. You will not find a rebel in the country who is not armed with from one to navy revolvers. How will it answer for me to disarm all rebels in this country? I would like to do so. When I send my men out I tell them to disarm all bad men. No plundering of private property has been allowed by any of our men. This I am assured by reliable and responsible men who were on this scout. My men would not have gone out of the county had they not been deceived by rebels. The men they came near running into, in the edge of Livingston County, were not the men who visited Laclede in the late raid.

i have organized the people of Bucklin, Saint Catherine, and Laclede into companies for self protection, and I have also organized my old original company (Company G) of the Thirty-eighth Regiment, under Lieutenant Woothly, who hold themselves in readiness to come out at any time. I have sent a scout through Chariton County to-day to guard Mr. Corman, sheriff of that county, and other Union men who have been here for some days. They dare not go home unless they can keep organize and on a war footing. They have arms and ammunition for putting themselves partly on a war footing. rebels are perfectly safe, and in many instances heaping insult upon injury on our men and friends. I am satisfied that those of us who are in the service are occupying very delicate positions, as there are so many copperhead politicians in the community who exaggerate every attempt on our part to restore peace and put down bushwhacking. Rebels that I know tell my men I dare not send to them for forage, as they have friends who will se them through; they meaning copperhead Union men, who are so ready to take up their case in their behalf.

Our men, many of them, have left their homes from fear, to fight for their country, leaving their crops planted and going to ruin, as they know they cannot remain at home safe. Then when go through the country scouting and find the country full of bushwhackers, and at the same time find rebels attending their farms, enjoying the blessing of their homes and protected by the Government, and they through fear of offending somebody go hungry while they have every reason to believe that this class of men are feeding our enemies and we, through their acts, liable to be killed at any moment, I only wonder that more devilment is not committed by them.

General Fisk, I trust you will excuse this long, uninteresting document, but I left it my duty to give you an idea of the feelings of our truly loyal men of this section. While none of us would molest and injure the innocent, and in all cases look upon the ignorant with a great deal of charity, yet we can but look upon those who still insist that they are rebel sympathizers with scorn and contempt. We know that it is this class who are now drawing the life blood out of our glorious Union. There are now 40 Union refugees in town who have left their homes and have been dodging from one place to another to save their lives, ready and willing to take their guns if they can do anything, while their rebel neighbors are at home at peace and making money. Some of the best men of this country

