
are here to-day. I can catch these bushwhackers if they remain here, and can make the rebel sympathizers help to do it, but I must let them know that I regard them as rebels and not as constitutional Union man.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. CRANDALL,

Captain, Commanding.

General CLINTON B. FISK, Commanding District of North Missouri.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Joseph M. Brown, Eighteenth Missouri Infantry.

LACLEDE, MO., June 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I send you this report by Colonel I. V. Pratt, being here on recruiting service by the order of Major-General Sherman. I was in the town on the 18th day of this month when the bushwhackers sacked this place. I was in the town hall at the time of attack; marched out upon the public square where all the citizens were under guard. The bushwhackers killed 2 of the best citizens of this place, Jonathan H. Jones, an attorney in this town, and David M. Crowder, a discharged soldiers of the First Missouri State Militia, one of the best of citizens. The losses of our merchants are, as near as can be ascertained, as follows: John F. Pershing, $811 in money and goods; Praty &amp; Clarkson, $1,277 in money and goods; Thomas Spencer, $587, mostly all money; J. J. Friend, $445, watches and jewelry; John A. Riggen, $220, a fine mare, revolver, &c.; L. Seymore, $110, money and merchandise; J. L. Reynolds, groceries, $24; Samuel Moore, $100, groceries and liquors; J. M. Brown, fine silver watch, $40; Preston O'Neil, a fine mare, saddle, and bridle, $200.

This is all that I know of at this time. David M. Crowder shot and mortally wounded 1 bushwhackers, by the name of Jim Nave, whom the captain of the thieves sent westward in a hack, but did not make his escape, for a train coming in from Brookfield with some soldiers, they ran the engine, with a few men upon the tender, and overtook the hack, fired upon it, killing Nave and wounding 4 others, 1 of whom was overtaken and shot, making 2 of the gang that lost their lives and 2 more wounded. The man that ws pressed to drive the hack was shot through the lungs. The captain is said to be Holtzclaw, of Howard County, in this State, and he made the citizens a short speech in which he said that he visited Laclede for the purpose of hanging some abolitionist, and that if any of his Southern friends were abused, or that any of his men were hurt or killed, or that he was pursued, he would deal with them severely, killing two for one. He also said that he was well posted and knew all that was going on in town and around the country. Now every man in this community has taken the oath and professes that he is loyal to the core, yet this same band is not far from this place at this time, as 1 or 2 are seen at a time every day; but by the time one gets to where they seen they cannot be found. I have organized the citizens into a company for home defense, but they want ammunition and arms to make any such movements as will benefit the community. Colonel Pratt will give you the details if necessary.

JOSEPH M. BROWN,

First Lieutenant, Eighteenth Infantry, Missouri Veteran Vols.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding Dept. of the Missouri.

