
JUNE 18-20, 1864.- Scout from Kansas City, Mo.

Report of Colonel James H. Ford, Second colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND COLORADO CAVALRY,Kansas City, Mo., July 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make to the general commanding the following report of a scout made by me on the 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st June, 1864: On the morning of the 17th of June Colonel Thomas Moonlight, of the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, arrived at Pleasant Hill with four companies. Lieutenant-Colonel Hyot, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, and Major Pritchard, of my regiment, were already on a scout in the vicinity of the Little Blue. Colonel Moonlight sent three companies as you directed, and I sent a special messenger to give your instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Hyot, which messenger, however, failed to find him. At 2 a. m. 18th, I started with all the mounted men of Companies I, K, and M of my regiment, accompanied by Colonel Moonlight, with one company of his battalion, numbering in all about 200 men. Arrived at Lone Jack by daylight. I then sent Lieutenant Stanton with Company K in a northwesterly direction. A short distance to the east I sent the Kansas company in a northerly course and about a mile farther east I took a north course with the remainder of the battalion, with the exception of Captain Moses, who I directed with his company (M) from this place to go to the east and visit a suspicious locality. We scouted on for a number of miles without seeing many sings, until, on emerging at the foot of Round Prairie, the advance ran into 1 or 2 guerrillas at a house; while chasing them, another party of 12 or 15 came down the prairie toward thick brush. Captain Moses coming up at this time with his company, fought them just as they were getting into the edge of the timber, and thinks several must have been wounded. None of our men or horses were hurt. After resting our horses some little time, we still continued in a northerly direction, when, coming through thick timber and brush to the edge of a prairie, and thinking that men were visible at a certain house, I sent Captain Moses with his company around to the right, and Lieutenant Rizer with his company (18 men) to the left. Lieutenant Rizer ran into and completely surprised a party of about 40, chasing them to the timber, but was not strong enough to pursue them farther. He thinks he must he must have wounded some. Soon after the Kansas company came in and reported they had seen about 25 guerrillas, but at a great distance, and they immediately left. We continued scouting during the whole day, several times detaching parties to the right and left. We stopped to rest and grazed the horses twice during the day, and a little before sundown reached Gauley Robinson's place, about 25 miles east-northeast from Independence. Distance traveled from Pleasant Hill about 50 miles. Lieutenant Stanton joined the main command about 5 p. m., but had seen nothing.

Lieutenant-colonel Hoyt and Major Pritchard came in with their command about dusk. They reported having scouted the Little Blue Country most thoroughly, but had seen scarcely any sings at all. June 19, this morning I sent Colonel Moonlight and Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt with the Kansas troops through the brush to Hichman Mills. They started about 5 a. m. Lieutenant Stanton, with Company K, I sent at the same time to Pleasant Hill with instruction to

