
scout thoroughly the brush. He afterwards reported that he saw no bushwhackers, and scarcely any fresh sings. With the rest of my command and Major Pritchard's force I started west for Independence, scouting as I went, and detaching large parties to the right and left. Reached Independence about noon. I then ordered Major Pritchard with his command to Raytown, and Captain Moses with his company (M) on the next day to scout the Little blue from Blue Springs to the Pleasant Hill road, to reach Pleasant Hill that night. He afterwards reported no guerrillas in that section of country. I went with Lieutenant Rizer's company (I) to Kansas City same evening. June 20, went to raytown with Company I and 20 men of Company E, scouting the Big Blue. June 21, started for Pleasant Hill through the Little Blue country; reached there 3 p. m. The distance traveled by main command, 130 miles.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District Central Mo.

JUNE 19, 1864.- Affair at Bayou Grossetete, La.

Report of Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps, &amp;c.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., June 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Colonel Crebs has just returned; captured 5 prisoners, and also captured Richard McCall, one of the parties he was sent after. Drove in about 100 head of cattle and a few horses and mules. I send General Grover with the force to operate on the other side of the river.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain DEWITT CLINTON,

Acting Asst. Adjt. General, Div. West Mississippi.

JUNE 19, 1864.- Affair at Eagle Pass, Tex.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Charles L. Pyron, Second Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Captain James A. Ware, First Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles L. Pyron, Second Texas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,San Antonio, Tex., Juune 22, 1864.

SIR: Yesterday evening I received information of an attack by the renegades on Eagle Pass on the morning of the 19th instant. I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of Captain Ware's report

