
of the fight. I sent forward last night to the assistance of Captain Ware 40 men, under Captain Mitchel, of Benavides' regiment, and am this morning starting 75 more under Lieutenant Smith, Fourth Regiment, Arizona Brigade, these being all the troops at this post with the exception of Captain Gibson's company, which is unarmed.

I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the unsettled condition of this western frontier. Complaints are continually being made if highway robbery, horse steadying, &amp;c. Unless a stop is put to it shortly trade will suffer.

While General Slaughter was here a few days ago he spoke of the propriety of my making a campaign north and west of this post as far as the Rio Grande. I will undertake with my regiment, if the general commanding will be pleased to order it to me, to drive out of the country all the renegades and bushwhackers and to recover stolen property. I have pretty correct information as to their lurking places and strongholds. Should I receive information of a continued demonstration against Eagle Pass I will proceed to that point, take command, and endeavor to drive the Yankees into the country of their sympathizing neighbors.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. PYRON,

Colonel Second Regiment Texas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Colonel A. C. JONES,

Chief of Staff, Houston.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain James A. Ware, First Texas Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, FORT DUNCAN, June 20, 1864.

SIR: I have to report that some two or three days past I have received instructions that a strong body of renegades would cross to this side of the Rio Grande and make an attack on this post. On the morning of yesterday, 19th instant, at 1 a. m., a force of renegades, of about 40 in number, attempted to cross the river at a point 3 miles above this place; finding, however, this ford impracticable, they subsequently effected a crossing about 5 miles higher up and immediately commenced a march on this place, receiving a check from the pickets. They retired to a position 6 miles from here and unfurling the United States flag received a considerable augmentation to their numbers from the Mexican side of the river during the day. Having at my disposal for the defense of the post but 34 men, and about half of them unprovided with arms, I called into service for the occasion Captain Stone's home guard company, commanded by Lieutenant Burke, receiving thus a re-enforcement in numbers, but badly armed, having but about twenty-five arms in the company of all kinds. I placed in the hospital building of the post a detachment of Captain Pickerell's company of 25 men, a detachment of 6 men well armed in the quartermaster's store-house, a portion of which had been used as a small-pox hospital. Captain Stone's company i placed to guard the custom-house and businnes houses of the city, placing pickets north of the city, and a strong guard, under the command of Captain McFadde, in the direction

