
of the enemy. My force was too weak to enable me to picket properly, but to meet the same end I ordered all men to sleep at their posts on their arms. About 1 a. m. the attack was made by a force numbering, from the best information at my disposal, from 80 to 100 men, on the garrison and on Captain Pickerell's company, who were compelled to abandon the house, after defending it with a gallantry that is fully attested by the marks of the contest on the doors and windows and walls of the house, and the loss of 5 men severely wounded. I regret to state that his company lost their horses and nine guns, to us a priceless loss. At this point I collected a few stragglers of the garrison and made preparations to defend the quartermaster's building, the enemy, however, marched to the attack of the town and were repulsed, the streets having been barricaded with cotton, and the attack being weakened in spirit by the desperate resistance at the hospital. The enemy, after stripping their prisoners of arms and valuables, retired. I cannot commend too highly the gallantry displayed by captain Pickerell and his company in the defense of the hospital and subsequent conduct in connection with the home-guard company.

In attempting to communicate with the forces in the town, I, in company with Mr. Woodward, a clark of Major Russell, after the repulse in town, fell into the hands of the enemy, from whom I succeeded in making my escape. They released the balance of the prisoners upon retiring. They are still receiving re-enforcements and threaten us yet more seriously, and I regret to have to state that the conduct of the Mexican officers has been decidedly unfriendly in this emergency, They have permitted this force to form on their territory, and have rejected my request for the loan of a few stand of arms to repel them. They have refused to let our citizens and friends in Piedtas Negras cross the river to come to our assistance. I have represented to headquarters frequently the necessity of placing a proper garrison at this post, and must conclude that they have not the troops to furnish, or some attention would have been paid to my request. During the period of a few hours of my separation from the command, consequent upon my capture, Captain McFadden made more efficient arrangements, aided by General E. B. Nichols and other citizens, to provide against any further ill consequences of another attack.

In haste and with respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. WARE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant BART J. DEWITT,

Post Adjutant, San Antonio.

EAGLE PASS, June 24, 1864.

DEAR COLONEL: On Sunday night last I was attacked by about 80 renegades. Having previously been told that knowing the weakness of my garrison they would make the attack, I had called out the home guard for duty in the town and made them sleep on their arms. I posted Pickerell's company in the hospital building and ordered them to sleep on their arms. I sent a patrol of 15 men, with instructions to patrol the country in the direction of the enemy at a distance of not over 1 to 2 miles from the toe. A patrol was

