
also put out below the town. I posted also a detachment of a few men in the commissary building, the strongest building in the garrison. I had been informed that they numbered from 35 to 40. They eluded the vigilance of my patrol, passing by them, and from the manner in which they entered the garrison I am satisfied that they were led into it by a traitor. They made an immediate attack on Pickerell without halting a moment to reconnoiter, and drove him out without being for a moment checked by his fire, which was reserved until they were close up. When the first shot was fired I started with 4 men, who were with me, to Pickerell's assistance, but the house was carried so quickly that it was impossible to render him assistance. I called in the guard from the guard-house and collected several of the stragglers and placed them in the commissary building, and sent orders for the home guard to engage them from the arroyo. Awaiting their attack, or the further attack of the enemy on the garrison, I heard a few shots fired from the town and then much shouting, but whether from the enemy or from our own men I could not tell, and sent again to learn the reason of my not being supported and what had occurred. Neither of my couriers returning, O grew uneasy about what was transpiring in town, and determined to ascertain in person, and for that purpose took with me young Woodward and attempted a reconnaissance of the enemy's position and operation, and near the hospital, deceived by the voice of one of the enemy, was captured by the guard they had left at the hospital. Learning there from several of our own men, who had been taken prisoners, that they had taken the town without a short in its defense, and seeing an opportunity of escape, I availed myself of it and reached the little garrison at the commissary. Here I waited an attack until just before daylight, when learning nothing to contradict the statement that they had taken the town, and considering a useless sacrifice of my small detachment to await an attack by daylight, as I was of the reach of any re-enforcements, I withdrew my men from the garrison, and sent across to Piedras Negras for the purpose of collecting refugees from the town and garrison. In a short time I learned that the town was still held by the home guard, and after a slight demonstration the enemy had returned without doing any injury to property or burning any cotton.

It was the intention of the enemy to collect a large force of renegades under U. S. officers in the vicinity of this point last Thursday. This plan has been made for months. They expected to 150, and I think have now abandoned the attempt.

After the attack on Sunday night they received accession of numbers from Mexico. The citizens from both sides of the river rallied to the defense of the place and the cotton and on Tuesday night the enemy made another demonstration against the town, not, however, numbering over 50 men. We had some skirmishing without results on the outskirts of the town. Hudson's mounted company having come in the night, I sent them, with all the men I could mount, to pursue them. They were about 4 miles behind them when last heard from.

The larger portion of the renegade force was organized and marched from the Mexican side of the river. The authorities have taken no effective means of arresting bre-enforcements to the renegades, but have stopped our citizens from crossing to our assistance. My garrison in the hospital building was badly armed, many of the

