
men being entirely without arms, the arms for Pickerell's company having been sent to Laredo. In the engagement of Sunday night Captain Pickerell lost several of his horses and 4 men severely wounded. Of the enemy 1 was killed and 6 wounded. i regret this occurrence, though I could not have made arrangements, in view of my numbers and information, to have avoided a surprise more efficient that those adopted. If I had - cannot flatter myself that the result would have been different - and had my instructions been strictly executed we might have gained earlier intelligence of their approach. I have constantly notified the authorities at headquarters that my force was entirely inadequate for the protection of the post.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. WARE.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD.

JUNE 19, 1864.- Skirmish At Hahn's Farm, near Waldron, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General John M. Thayer, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Frontier.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Clark, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John M. Thayer, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Frontier.
HDQRS. DIST. OF THE FRONTIER, DEPT. OF ARK.,Fort Smith, June 22, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions by telegraph, directing me to send out a cavalry force to co-operate with a similar force from Little Rock to be sent into Polk County, Ark., I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Clark. Ninth Kansas, with 250 cavalry. Colonel Clark proceeded some distance southwest of Waldron, where he met Wells' battalion of Texas cavalry (numbering about 500), surprised the rebel force, routed them, killing several, capturing 5 prisoners, 40 horses, 80 muskets, and over 100 saddles. His force giving out from the fact that they are in a bad condition, quite weak, having had no grain, and his men having lost nearly all their subsistence while charging the enemy, he returned to this place on the 21st instant, having failed to make a junction with forces sent out from Little Rock.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. GREEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Little Rock, Ark.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Clark, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH KANSAS CAVALRY,Camp Thayer, Ark., June 22, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from the general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report: Pursuant

