
to orders from the Third Brigade headquarters, detachments from the Sixth Kansas Cavalry (50 men), Ninth Kansas Cavalry (150 men), and the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry (50 men), total, 250 men, left amp on the 17th instant for a scout in the direction of Dallas, Polk County, Ark. In the afternoon of the 18th, hearing of rebel troops at Hahn's farm, south of west of Waldron, said to be 300 to 400 strong, and others said to be 500 to 600 strong, 8 miles south of Waldron, in Scott County, the last being on our line of march, and not willing to leave the rebels at Hahn's farm undisturbed, the command was turned off the road to Waldron to the Lookout Gap road. After marching within 4 miles of Hahn's farm we camped for the night. at 9 a. m. of the 19th, being in charging distance, the detachments were ordered as follows: The Sixth to take the advance, under Lieutenant John M. Defriese, and charge the pickets, run them to camp, and charge that also. The Ninth, under Captains Coleman and Flesher, to follow the Sixth and finish the work the Sixth would begin. The Fourteenth was held in reserve under Captain William N. Bixby. Right well did each perform his duty. The Sixth charged in fine style, followed by Captains Coleman and Flesher, striking the rebel line about center, scattering the rebels in every direction. The camp wa cleared so quick I could hardly tell how it was done. A few rebels tried to make a stand, but they were pressed so close they could not. It was a perfect stampede. After chasing them 2 1/2 miles, the troops were recalled, and we were left in quiet possession of 5 dead rebels, 3 prisoners, 40 horses, saddles, &amp;c., about 80 stand of arms, consisting of shotguns, Enfield rifles, &c., and their camp equipage and subsistence and books and papers. The arms, saddles, and camp equipage were destroyed. No casualties on our side. After inspecting the horses I found them quite exhausted, and not in condition to go farther. I decided to return to camp at Fort Smith, where we arrived on the 21st instant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Major T. J. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 19-25. 1864.- Scout from Mount Vernon, Mo.

Report of Colonel John D. Allen, Seventh Provisional Missouri Enrolled Militia.
HDQRS. 7TH PROV. Regiment, ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA,Mount Vernon, Mo., June 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I had been constantly receiving communications from different officers and persons in regard to the number of rebels southwest, west, and northwest, estimating them to be in considerable force in all that section of country. Not believing them to be in such force as represented, I started on the 19th instant to ascertain their numbers and also their whereabouts. On the 20th, I left Marionville with 18 men from Company H, Scouted the country to Newtonia, and found no trace of the enemy. On the 21st, left Newtonia for Carthage with 30 more men from Companies G and K,

