
scouting the country thoroughly to Carthage. Found some trails of rebels on Jones' Creek, followed the trail into the woods, found their camp. They had discovered us and had left some ten or fifteenth minutes before us, from all appearances separated so that we could not follow them. I went to Carthage, intending to scout west, but met with Captain Carpenter, of Third Wisconsin, who had just returned from west, and reported none in that direction, I was determined to find them if they were south of the Osage River, so on the morning of the 22nd, with 75 men, I started in the direction of Lamar, Barton County, scouting the country thoroughly, and arrived at Lamar at dark, making no discovery. On the morning of the 23rd, I set out again, breasting a skirt of timber south of Lamar. I found a trail of some 6 or 8. I sent Captain Roberts with 9 other in pursuit. I then went with 65 men into Horse Creek, and down said creek some 20 miles before making any discoveries. We there came in sight of some 4 or 5. We chased about 5 miles, got one of their horses, bridle and saddle. They ran into the brush; followed on some 3 or 4 miles farther, and any scouts reported a considerable number - at least 150 or 200. They were in the brush; had their sharpshooters in the prairie. When my advance upon them they would fall back into the timber. When they would fall back the rebels would advance into the prairie again. I discovered they intended to draw me into the brush if possible. I did not feel disposed to charge them, as they had at least three to one. I then concluded I would draw them out. I feel back behind a ridge in the prairie, and took a position near the top of the ridge behind some fence and house, and in s few moments my scouts reported them marching onto us. Just at that moment Captain Carpenter arrived. I ordered him into line on my right. My men already being in line we charged them, but as soon as they saw us coming they fled. We pursued them about 1 mile. I then made a flank movement to the left in order to get in their rear and halted, Captain carpenter in front.

I had just entered the brush when some 8 or 10 made their appearance in our rear. The scouts reporting that the enemy was surrounding us, I withdrew from the brush and rejoined Carpenter, when we ascertain that it was only to draw us off. I then turned my course for the brush again, but by this time they were all gone, and it dark, so we had to withdraw from the case. We camped on the prairie and next morning we could not find a rebel in the country. We had been out of rations for twenty-four hours; we each started for quarters.

I found nothing more on my route to Greenfield, at which place I arrived at 5 p. m. of the 24th instant, at which place, through the kindness of Captain Moore, of the Sixth Missouri State Militia, I got plenty of commissaries for men, which was thankfully received. I only had the 18 men of Company H with me. I had during the day sent the to their respective commands. I arrived at headquarters at Mount Vernon on the evening of the 25th, all well, but men and horses very third.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Prov. Regiment, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

Lieutenant W. D. HUBBARD,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Springfield, Mo.

