
several horse, which were turned over by Captain Castle to the provost-marshal. The lieutenant and 2 of the prisoners were captured by Captain Dunscomb, Third Arkansas. Inclosed is a map of the route traveled by my command. Casualties, none.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. KAUFFMAN,

Captain, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

Captain FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DETACHMENT ELEVENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY.

Battesville, February 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the colonel commanding, with the accompanying map.* The commanding officer of the Eleventh takes this opportunity to call the attention of the colonel commanding to the admirable conduct of Captains Kauffman and Castle and the officers and men under their command during the march.

Very respectfully,JOHN W. STEPHENS,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers.

FEBRUARY 1-3, 1864.-Expedition from Madisonville to Franklinton, La., and vicinity.

Report of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Madisonville, La., February 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows: I sent out a cavalry scout of 120 men, under Captain Grinder, Third Maryland Cavalry, on the 1st instant, with instructions to go as far as Franklinton, La., and to capture, if possible, any small party which they might find there, and return by a more westerly route, and scout through the country between the Tchefuncta and the Tangipahoa Rivers, for the purpose of picking up any small parties of the enemy which were supposed to be gathering the driving off cattle from that neighborhood, and also for the purpose of picking up cattle and other animals for our own use. The above-mentioned scouts crossed the Tchefuncta River at Pend Mills, on the bridge which is not yet destroyed, and struck the Franklinton road about 10 miles from the mills. The reconnaissance reached Franklinton about 4 p. m., but found he planking of the bridge taken up for some distance, the people having information of the advance about one-half hour before the arrival. Captain Grinder, however, repaired the bridge sufficiently to cross, and occupied the town for about an hours. He learned that there had been a small party of cavalry and 5 officers there; also that the county court was in session upon his approach to the town, and that the information which was received at Franklinton, just previous to the arrival of Captain Grinder, alone prevented the capture of the party and the judges of the court. Before dark Captain Grinder withdrew from the town, and camped about 2 miles this side of the Bogue Chitto.

---------------

*See p. 105.

---------------

