
Second Arkansas Cavalry, returning from Cassville to Forsyth with some 12 or 16 men, went by, entered the house, and killed the 3 wounded Todds. My escort returned, reporting these facts and bringing the body of Harris. The citizens in the vicinity had taken it in hand to bury the Todds.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH CAMERON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Arkansas Cav., Commanding Post.

Brigadier General J. B. SANSBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain James L. Powell, Second Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

CASSVILLE, Mo., June 25, 1864.

COLONEL: In pursuance to Orders, Numbers 3, dated June 20, 1864, headquarters Post Cassavile, Cassville, Mo., I proceeded with the men under my command as far as 4 miles beyond Sugar Creek, where I found a guard of 8 rebels. I proceeded on to Cross Hollow, where I discovered a trail of the rebels, supposed to be about 30 strong. I thought it best to go on to Fayetteville, Ark., on account of safety for the train, then taking my squad of cavalry and marching in direction of Bentonville, Ark., 12 miles. During the night I learned that the rebel Captain Ingraham had been waylaying the road for the train that had passed the day before, aiming to take it, but found them too strong for him; he reported them 100 strong and the telegraph repairer along with the train.

The morning of the 23rd, I went to try to catch Charles Nail, a deserter from my company, who was started through with a dispatch for Major Hackett, but carried it to Major Brown, of the rebel army, in Benton County, Ark. I saw his wife. She did not deny his going to Brown. Then perusing the country through the woods, I found a camp of 3 or 4 rebels; killed 1 of them. The turning toward the train on the Wire road, finding more or less sings on the roads and through the woods at Dickens' Mill, on Osage Creek, I took 1 prisoner. On arriving near Walnut Springs, seeing a great deal of sign of rebels, on making inquiry of the prisoner I learned there was to be a collection of Brown's men there that day. I dismounted my men and attacked them (though they would not fight us), wounding 2 or 3 and 2 or 3 horses, and taking 2 horses, 1 gun, some Federal overcoats and blankets, and their provisions. Then I marched in direction of Little Sugar Creek, on the Wire road, by the way of Osage Springs, near Bentonville, where I learned that Captain Ingraham was watching all the trains that passed the road, and says he intends to take one of those trains. Then I made my way to the train where it was camped. There I remained until morning any interruption. I then moved out with the train to Casseville, finding the telegraph wire cut near Elk Horn. Arrived at Cassville on the evening of the 24th June, 1864.

JAMES L. POWELL,

Captain, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant Colonel H. CAMERON,

Commanding Post, Cassville.

66 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

