
in force sufficient to attack him, we returned. I have applied to General C. C. Washburn, commanding at Memphis, for re-enforcements of 1,000 good infantry, one regiiment of cavalry, and one battery of light artillery. My messenger has just returned with his answer. He was no light artillery (which is for me indispensable), no cavalry, but offers me one regiment of 100-days' men if I need them.

I have sent all the information I have to General Canby, but fear he has gone to New Orleans, and perhaps to communicate with Admiral Farragut near Mobile. My dispatches cannot go forward to General Steele. I therefore judge best to communicate all of the above facts to you. Captain Phelps, U. S. Navy, passed up to-day to obtain an iron-clad to reopen White River, and I have no doubt he will communicate most of the above facts to the Navy Department in advance of this letter.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 3. Reports of Captain Joseph R. C. Hunter, Twelfth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Mouth of White River, June 22, 1864.

GENERAL: The enemy this morning, 300 strong, attacked us, but we are not theirs. Five of their killed and wounded fell into our hands. One of my men was killed and 3 severely wounded. The enemy consisted of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry and was commanded By Colonel Lawther. They crossed the Arkansas River about midnight, leaving their horses on the opposite side, and marched here in the night, arriving about 4 p. m. They were apparently panic stricken when they retreated, but I had no men to send in pursuit. It is my candid opinion that we killed and wounded fully as many of the enemy as I have men. We do not know that they have left the island, but are prepared for them should they make another attack. You will see the necessity of sending re-enforcements immediately. Two hundred cavalry is the least number that will secure our safety. I do not know that they carried off any of the negroes, as was their evident design. They killed 1. The wounded are being taken care of by the naval surgeon.

Hoping that you will take prompt action in sending bre-enforcements, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. C. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

P. S.- Since writing the above a scout has come in reporting the enemy coming across the Arkansas River in force. I shall do my very best and leave the island as a lost resort. The gun-boat did good execution after the rebels rebs left.

J. R. C. HUNTER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

