
with too much rapidity for infantry to follow, whereupon, receiving orders to halt in position awaiting developments to be elected by a cavalry reconnaissance, I recalled the skirmishers to the line of reserve at 12.30, thus ending the participation of my battalion in said engagement. The skirmishers of the battalion advanced under the enemy's fire, driving him nearly 3 miles from the position where we originally formed at about 9.30 a. m., until 12.30, when the engagement ceased, thus occupying three hours.

The officers and men of the entire command seemed animated by a confidence and determination which remained unabated during the engagement. I would especially commenced Captain Lucius W. Beal and the skirmishers under his command from Companies E and D for the efficient manner in which they performed the hazardous task of dislodging and driving a wily enemy, sustained by his artillery and reserves, from his chosen and covert position for a distance of 3 miles in as many hours, while nearly two-thirds of the distance our (Federal) force had to approach them through the open and nearly level fields, which thus gave the assailants no protection.*

* * * * * * * E. M. BEARDSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Little Rock.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Commander S. Legyard Phelps, U. S. Navy.+

U. S. GUN-BOAT HASTINGS,

Mouth of White River, June 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I wrote to you a very hastily line last night to send up by the New Missouri. My informant in regard to the affair at Clarendon states that on Friday rebel pickets occupied his premises; that the soldiers stated that at early daylight they fired upon the Queen City at close quarters, disabling her; that while taking off her guns, of which they had removed three, with some ammunition, the gun-boats from Devall's Bluff came down and forced them to burn the Queen City. My informant heard the firing at daylight; also when the gun-boats came from above; also much of that day, and considerable firing occurred on Saturday and Sunday.

There are three of the light gun-boats at the Bluff. Now, not one of them has been below Clarendon since the 24th, when the Queen City was captured.

I buried a sailor found floating in the river. Put these facts together and the case looks bad, especially when we remember Marmaduke's movements, and I have considered it my duty to present the case to you as I it, believing that thus far the enemy has held good the blockade of the river. There is but one other supposition, which is, that he has made so much of a demonstration against Devall's Bluff that the gun-boats are absolutely required for its defense.

---------------

* List of casualties (omitted) reports 4 wounded.

+ See also Phelps' report to Rear-Admiral Porter, Annual report of the Sectretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

