
I turned back after learning this much, in order to stop transports entering the river, and to get the Lexington up. As soon as the Silver Cloud (Numbers 28) gets here I shall proceed up to the Bluff, unless I meet with more than I can manage by the way. Two transport are detained here, of course, and until I get positive information none will be permitted to pass us.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant-Commander.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,

Commanding District of Helena.

Numbers 7. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph O. Shelby, C. S. Army, commanding forces of Northern Arkansas, of operations June 19-30.
HDQRS. CONFED. FORCES OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS,June 24, 1864.

COLONEL: Since my last communication, under date of the 13th instant, nothing of particular interest has transpired until to-day.

On the 19th, I moved from my camp on White River, 7 miles below Augusta, and crossed Cache River by 10 o'clock next day. After lying vin my camp near that stream until 1 o'clock on the morning of the 20th, I moved as rapidly as the nature of the roads would permit in the direction of Larendon. I arrived with 2 miles of that place yesterday about 2 p. m. Here I ascertained that there was gun-boat stationed at Clarendon, guarding the river from that point up to Devall's Bluff. I succeeded in keeping my movements concealed from the enemy, and about 12 o'clock last night moved my brigade into town and took position on the bank of the river a distance of about 200 yards from the boat. I remained quietly in this position until 4 o'clock this morning, when I commenced the attack. The boat stationed at this point was the Queen City (gun-boat Numbers 26), mounting nine guns and manned by a crew of 65 men. She was clad with iron one and a quarter inches in thickness. After a sharp cannonade of about twenty minutes' duration I was gratified by the sight of a white flag. I ordered them to bring her ashore, which was immediately done with our assistance, as she was so disabled that she could not obey the order without aid from us. Her armament was as follows: Four 32-pounders, four 24-pounders, and one 12-pounder. We removed one 24-pounder and one 12-pounder, when we scuttled and burned her.

In a short time three more gun-boats made their appearance, which we immediately engaged. Two of them succeeded in passing, while the other remained above our battery, and thus subjected us to a cross-fire, which was very harassing. After an engagement of an hour and a half I withdrew my forces to my former camp, some 2 miles from town. After my withdrawal from the river the enemy, with their usual spirit of vandalism, took revenge for the loss of their boat by burning all the private and public buildings in Clarendon which were not protected by my sharpshooters, I purpose moving into town to-night and throwing up temporary earth-works.

