
drew my forces and took up the line of march for this point. They followed us, occasionally attacking my rear guard, until we reached a place known as the Munn farm, 4 miles from Johnson's bridge, on Bayou De View. Here I awaited their attack, which was soon made, and I succeeded in checking them. They fell back and allowed me to quietly cross the bayou. My horses are in a jaded condition, and I am now in camp at De Gray's, resting and recruiting my stock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Acting Brigadier-General ADAMS,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Arkansas.

HDQRS. CONFED. FORCES OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS, June 30, 1864.

COLONEL: My last communication of June 24 had scarcely been started to you, and my men had scarcely thrown up a dozen rifle-pits, when eleven transports, convoyed by four gun-boat, landed at Clarendon and put on shore 4,000 troops of all arms and hurried forward to engage me. I immediately took position just without gunboat range and fought them stubbornly for three hours. Three times they were driven back to the river, and three times they came back again heavily re-enforced. I was unwilling to prolong a contest at odds so great, and gradually withdrew from the field where my men had exhibited such high and heroic courage. They followed all day long, not furiously as I have been them, but steadily and tenaciously. I fought them every 100 yards from 10 miles, and encamped at dark 16 miles from Clarendon. My ever-tried and trusty scouts soon brought me intelligence that a large body of cavalry had landed at Rock Roe Ferry, on White River, 10 miles below Clarendon, and was marching up a road that immediately gained my rear. I started from camp immediately and passed this road before the Federals got to my line of retreat, thus leaving their whole force behind me, where I could bid them a stern defiance. About 9 a. m. of the 27th, they attacked me again vigorously and followed me 5 or 6 miles. I got tired very soon of their continued insets, and forming my brigade in a strong position I charged them in turn with two regiments, and drove them back 3 miles in great confusion, they leaving guns, hats, clothing, and other evidences of a panic scattered all along their route. They followed me no longer, and I quietly crossed Bayou De View, and am now resting my tired and terribly jaded horses.

In the heavy and continuous fighting of three days my brigade has lost some of its best and bravest men, who have borne the rugged scars of three wounds-men who would follow me booted and spurred into eternity. The loss of the Federals in the two days' fighting I can safely put down at 250 killed and wounded; 30 will cover my entire loss, but the most of these can never be replaced in this world. Among my wounded I am sorry to mention the brave Colonel D. Shanks.*

In the engagement with the three gun-boats-the Tyler, Numbers 36, and the [No.] 30-the Tyler had to go back for repairs, and the [No.]

---------------

*Some irrelevant matter here omitted.

---------------

