
30 so disabled that the [No.] 36 towed her to Devall's Bluff, and the [No.] 36 had eighteen holes through her. In fighting the gun-boats our battery and infantry were no open ground and not 60 yards from the boats, and the skirmishers charged up to the river bank, keeping up a merciless fusillade.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas.

JUNE 24, 1864.-Affair near Fayetteville, Ark.

Report of Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

FAYETTEVILLE, June 29, 1864.

On Friday, 24th instant, Buck Brown, with over 200 men, made a raid on our mule herd, which was grazing 3 miles north of town, scattering the guard, killing 2 soldiers, 1 negro; capturing 1 man, with whole herd, about 240 mules. The moment the alarm was given two columns were started in pursuit, but being mostly dismounted, could not overtake him. He marched 40 miles after capturing the herd, and is reported to be near Maysville. Major Galloway was sent out six days ago to operate with some Indians near the line in driving Brown from the country; Brown took advantage of his absence with most of our mounted [force] and ran around him, coming back this way and capturing the mules.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SANBORN.

JUNE 25, 1864.-Skirmish at Rancho Las Rinas, Tex.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding forces on the Rio Grande.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John S. Ford, Second Texas Cavalry, commanding expeditionary forces.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding forces on the Rio Grande.

BROWNSVILLE, TEX., June 26, 1864-1 p. m.

GENERAL: My picket on the river 30 miles above this place was attacked by 250 rebels last evening and driven in. Our loss is from 15 to 20 killed and wounded; rebel loss about the same. Captain Temple, First Texas Cavalry, is among the wounded. It seems to

