
be Ford's intention to keep us in as close quarters as possible, which he can do to a certain extent owing to our want of cavalry or horses to mount infantry. Ford's total force on this side of Ringgold Barracks is about 1,800 men. Persons just arrived at Matamoras from San Antonio state that General Slaughter is there with five regiments and one battery, moving toward Ringgold.*

I am sorry to state that the Mexicans on this side of the river are co-operating heartily with Ford. Two Mexican officers are traveling with him. They undoubtedly intend attacking this place shortly.

Respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., July 2, 1864.

GENERAL: Just before the sailing of the last steamer I telegraphed you of the attack upon my pickets by General Ford's advance. Our loss in the affair will amount to 30, of whom 2 were killed, 5 wounded, and the balance captured. The rebel loss was 1 captain (Dunn) and 4 men killed, 1 lieutenant and 11 men wounded. After dispersing this picket Ford pushed forward to within 5 miles of Brownsville, and then attempted to cut off communication with Brazos. This I had provided against, and he failed. After remaining one day he fell back and is now at Edinburg, his pickets being 30 miles above this on the river. His force was well mounted, but indifferently armed. Their intention is to remain at Ringgold Barracks and Edinburg until re-enforcements now on the way arrive. I have just received information that McManus, who has been operating for me at Pedras Negras, organized a company of refugees and captured Eagle Pass. He destroyed a considerable amount of cotton and goods going in, and captured several prominent rebels who have been foremost in hunting down and killing Union men on their way out. When last heard from, he was still holding Eagle Pass, and had started a small force to Fort Inge to capture the small garrison at that place and destroy a large train going in with goods. Ford will undoubtedly send sufficient force to compel him to fall back into Mexico. Nothing specially new from the interior of Texas. Refugees coming out report large amounts of cotton on the way to Mexico. The health of the troops at this point is quite good.

With great respect, your obedient servant,F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John S. Ford, Second Texas Cavalry, commanding expeditionary forces.

RINGGOLD BARRACKS, July 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that from Young's Rancho I moved to Charles Saltman's Ranch, of Santa Rosa, via Tampacuas,

