
turned over to the quartermaster. A number of saddles were taken. They were badly needed by, and left in possession of, the captors; the same with the arms. There were some commissary and quartermaster stores which we could not transport, but little was left. I did not burn them because it was raining very brisk, and I should have had to set fire to them in the houses and thus destroy the ranched. I did not conceive it good policy to set an example for the destruction of private property.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fisher, Major Blucher, Captain Fry, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Duggan acted on my staff, an performed good service. The enemy have been driven from all their outposts. When we left they had no force this side of the Arroyo Colorado. I moved off leisurely, and waited a day and a half at Edinburg to allow the enemy to overtake me if they wished, but they did not appear. We captured the orders and some correspondence of Captain Temple, copies of which are forwarded herewith. From these, it appears the enemy are encountering dissatisfaction and defection in several ways. The order for the execution of Pedro Garcia evinces considerable demoralization among the renegades. Six companies of Davis' regiment have embarked for New Orleans. The letter of Captain Temple shows the insubordination produced by the order to leave Texas.

I should have remained on the Arroyo Colorado could I have subsisted the men and horses. Between the Arroyo and Brownsville there is no grass. I shall move below within a few days.

I should do injustice to the dead were I to close this report without paying a tribute to the worth and memory of a gallant soldier. Captain James Dunn was one of Jack Hays' rangers, and served his country long and faithfully. In every position he occupied he did his duty. He was brave, efficient, and reliable, and died nobly at the post of honor, in front of a headlong charge. The accompanying map was drawn by Major Blucher. His accurate knowledge of the country enabled him to render invaluable aid in determining the line of march. The intention to maneuver and get between the pickets and Brownsville was carried out.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff, Houston, Tex.

JUNE 26, 1864.-Affair near the Sedalia and Marshall Road, Mo.

Report of Colonel George H. Hall, Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST AND SECOND SUB-DISTRICTS, Sedalia, Mo., June 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Captain Joseph Parke, Company E, Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, found 7 bushwhackers, wearing the red badge on their hats, in the heavy brush, about 1 1/2 miles east of the road leading from Sedalia to Marshall, while he was with his men dismounted scouring the brush. It was north of the Blackwater. He

