
killed 3 of them and wounded 2, captured 6 horses and 1 mule, a Springfield rifle and musket, and 1 revolver. The enemy threw their revolvers away. The brush was so thick that Captain Parke says he could not find any except those mentioned. Jefferson Gregg, private Company E, Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, received a flesh wound on the right fore-arm. This was our only casualty. This happened this morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cav., Mo. S. M., Comdg 1st and 2nd Sub-Dists.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.

JUNE 27-28, 1864.-Affairs near Dunksburg, Mo.

Report of Captain William B. Ballew, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

HDQRS. CO. K, SEVENTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV., Warrensburg, Mo., July 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the result of my scout, which returned to camp on the 1st July, 1864. On the evening of the 27th June, I received an order to take command of 50 men and proceed to Kirkpatrick's Mill, near the La Fayette County line, and when I arrived at Knobnoster I learned that there had been a squad of guerrillas near Dunksburg in the morning of that day, and some of the citizens had engaged them in fight, which resulted in the death of 2 citizens, to wit, McGuire and Bales. The rebels from Dunksburg left in a southward direction. I came on their trail about 3 miles south of Dunksburg, and trailed them through the timber, brush, and prairie for some 18 miles, and came on them about 3 p. m. on the evening of the 28th June. Had a sharp fight with them, which routed the guerrillas, and they broke for the headwaters of Big Muddy. William H. Crawford, a private of Company K, Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, when I ordered a charge upon the enemy, he being mounted on a swift horse, ran ahead of my command and shot 1 rebel dead, and then aimed to change his position and ran in front and into the rebels, and lost his life. As the rebels retreated they passed a widowed lady's house by the name of Cooper, and as they ran through the lane they shot 2 of her sons, killing 1 and wounding mortally, as I suppose, another. I ran them for about 2 miles across a prairie until they struck Muddy Creek timber. I then dismounted my command and deployed them as skirmishers, and followed them for some distance, capturing fragments of horse equipments, overcoats, letters, pictures of their friends, &amp;c. In this connection it is proper to mention the coolness, bravery, and valuable service rendered my scout by my guide, William E. Chester, citizen of Knobnoster, and also Thomas Foster. I then returned to the battle-ground in search of my soldier who was killed, and after search of several hours concluded he was captured.

I then struck the trail again, and followed them to the west prong of Post Oak Creek, and lost the trail and gave up the chase, and returned to camp at Warrensburg, Mo., on the 1st July, 1864. Distance traveled, 150 miles.

67 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

