
As the rebels passed through the head of Clear Fork going north on the 20th June, 1864, they took one Peak, a citizen, for a guide, to guide them around Knobnoster, and they released Peak some 4 miles from the Knob, and Peak never reported the fact to the general commanding, or the death of McGuire and Bales might have been prevented. Such conduct by citizens pretending to be loyal to the United States, in my opinion, should be investigated. Also, I sent my guide with some 6 or 8 soldiers yesterday morning to the house of one Mr. or Mrs. Spencer, where there were some 4 grown daughters, and they were at breakfast when the soldiers entered the house, and some of the soldiers asked them for bread and the woman told them that they could not get it; that their dogs needed it, and they should have it; that they would feed no Black Republicans; but said they had and would again, feed their grub to bushwhackers when they wanted to, and even dared the soldiers to molest a thing about their premises; if so they would report them at Warrensburg. This familia lives on Post Oak Creek, some 10 miles southwest of this place. My scouts all conducted themselves well, and Lieutenant Daily, of Company B, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, rendered me valuable assistance both on the march and in the fight.

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM B. BALLEW,

Captain Co. K, Seventh Mo. State Militia Cav., Commanding Scout.

Colonel J. F. PHILLIPS,

Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

JUNE 27-29, 1864.-Scout from Brownsville, Ark.

Report of Colonel Oliver Wood, Twenty-second Ohio Infantry.

BROWNSVILLE, June 29, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Captain Miller has just returned from a scout in the vicinity of Saint Charles, and reports the country full of bushwhackers and Confederate soldiers; did not discover more than 40 in any one band. There does not seem to be any organized force between the rivers, but if the men were organized in a body they could give us some trouble while so many of our forces are away. Fagan was reported at Monticello on Sunday, Marmaduke on Red Fork, and Cabell 15 miles from Monticello, toward the Arkansas River. All of their commands were preparing to move at that time; destination said to be Pine Bluff. Have sent scouts this evening toward Searcy, Peach Orchard Gap, and Springfield.

O. WOOD,

Colonel.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

