
The next day Captain Grinder's command moved to the place of Colonel Edwards, which is wrongly laid down on the map on the east side of the Tchefuncta, if being in fact on the west side. Nothing of any consequence occurred during the day, but some few cattle were picked up and driven along. Here Captain Grinder was joined by 100 men under Captain Bery, of the same regiment, who was sent out on the morning of the 2nd to strike over on the Tangipahoa, and follow it up, to watch the crossings as high up as Lanier's place to prevent the escape of any party who might be driven in front of Captain Grinder's party. Captain Bery discovered a party of mounted men about 6 miles from here early in the morning, and caused them to be pursued until they abandoned their horses and took into the swamps, where further pursuit was useless. This party then followed up the east side of the Tanginpahoa to Lanier's place, where they discovered 15 more of the enemy belonging to Captain Baddeau's company and pursued them into the river. Two of the horses were captured and 5 were shot as they were trying to swim the river. It is not know that any of the enemy were wounded. In the course of the day Lieutenant Moore, Third Maryland Cavalry, with a small party, captured Captain Addison, of the Sixteenth Louisiana Volunteers, who was formerly a conscript officer, but, as his papers whew, more lately on recruiting service. This officer was captured at the hose of Mr. Kincaid, about 8 miles southeast from Hennen's.

On the 3rd, both scouts returned without being able to find any other parties of the enemy, and without further adventure. Captain Grinder's scout brought in as follows: Eight horses, 8 mules, 3 yoke oxen, 9 shotguns, and 1,000 rounds of buck cartridges, 130 cattle, and 76 sheep. Captain Bery's party brought in 7 horses, 4 mules and 26 cattle. The cattle and sheep are very poor, hardly worth driving, and the most of them were turned outside of the lines as useless. They are, nevertheless, the best the country affords.

There is no enemy within our reach except small roving parties. The nearest camps I can hear definitely of are at Brandon, Miss., near Greensburg, La., and at Whitestown, Miss.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major JOHN LEVERING,]

Asst. Adjt. General, hdqrs. Defenses of New Orleans, La.

FEBRUARY 1-24, 1864.-Operations in the Indiana Territory.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indiana Home Guard, commanding Indian Brigade.

Numbers 2.-Itinerary of the Indian Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Major Moses B. C. Wright, Second Indian Home Guard.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indiana Home Guard, commanding Indiana Brigade.

LITTLE RIVERTOWN, NEAR OLD FORT ARBUCKLE,

Creek Nation, February 16, 1864.

SIR: After heavy marching, day and night, I have reached this point, 105 miles from Fort Gibson, at which point my infantry and

