
River, which he must do under great difficulties, and which i should much prefer that he would undertake at this season of the year, under all circumstances.

While I could not accomplish all I would have done had I been supported by Colonel Moonlight's command, and able to enter Northern Texas, still the result, in view of the condition and temper of the rebel Indians, is, I think, highly satisfactory, and will materially reduce their power to plant a force of these rebel Indians on the Arkansas River the coming spring.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, February 22, 1864.

GENERAL: Colonel Phillips, commanding Indian Brigade, reports to me from Middle Boggy, Choctaw Nation, on the 14th instant, as follows:

I have the honor to report a sharp engagement yesterday, in which the enemy were completely routed, with the loss of 47 killed; their wounded not know. The attack was made by my advance under Major Willetts, Fourteenth Kansas. The rebel force was Seminoles, Choctaws, and Texans.

Colonel Phillips' command belongs to Fort Gibson.

JNO. M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Department of the Arkansas.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Gibson, Cherokee Nation, February 24, 1864.

SIR: I have arrived from the south with my main command and a refugee ox train. I do not hesitate to say that the expedition has been more eminently successful than any ever under taken in the Indian country. So faras the rebel Creek, Seminole, and Chickasaw Nation is in council. The severity of the blow has tricked terror to the enemy. My command reached a point near Red River Valley, 165 miles south-southwest of this place. We marched about 400 miles; killed, as nearly as I can get information, in the different fights and skirmishers, 250 men, and have only 4 wounded, all of whom will recover. Three are missing but may turn up. Among the rebel loss there are 2 majors killed (Could and Factor), 2 captains, and 3 lieutenants. I have brought 20 prisoners with me, and sent them to Fort Smith to be exchanged. I had plenty of corn for my cavalry horses and stock. I put up a crib of corn for the Fourteenth [Kansas] above by abundant corn on my trail. I lost three days waiting on them. If they started to join me I cannot

