
the troops of the United States out of the Chickasaw Nation? Your treaties require you to admit their presence. Are we to understand that you now want formally to break these treaties? These questions must be answered, and answered soon. Your power as head man was not given you to gratify your prejudice or pride. You are responsible to your people, and have no right to expose them to ruin when the Government offers them mercy.

The President has issued a proclamation in which he offers pardon and peace to those who, even in this moment of its destruction, abandoned this wicked and unnecessary war. You cannot fail to see the end coming. Are you justified in shutting the eyes of your people to it? The offer Government of the United States will soon crush all the enemies. Let me know if you want to be among them.

I send you some letters by a prisoners to head men of some Indiana nations; deliver them; they have a right to know what the United States Government says. Their blood may be upon you if you neglect it. I shall hold you accountable for their safe delivery.

I remain, with respect, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Indian Territory.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN THE FIELD, Camp Kagi, Chickasaw Nation, February 15, 1864.

TO THE COUNCIL OF THE CHOCTAW NATION:

I have been told that the head men of the Choctaw Nation are in council. I write to the council. I want to say to you who are acting for the Choctaw Nation and people that the President of the United States has issued a proclamation offering peace and mercy. The rebellion is coming to an end, its paper money is worthless,its means destroyed, but little of it left, and that fast going to destruction. I should not write to you, but I know you have been grossly deceived by those rebels, who made this wicked and unnecessary war to overthrow a good Government, a Government under which all had their rights, and which you know never wronged you. The President does not wish to destroy you, but everything will be destroyed that stands in the way of peace to the great Republic. As your friend and the friend of peace in the Indiana Territory, I write to you to think of these things, and to see whether your people want to be destroyed in the vain hope of giving aid to a wicked rebellion. There is no possible reason why you should want to rebel against had peace. Peace you will never have again until you come back to its shelter. Do not deceive your people. God will curse and they upbraid you if you do. You have to choose between peace you with a little money that never did you any good. It will not be long before destruction comes. I think you understand I am in earnest. Do you want peace? If so, let me know before we come to destroy.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces in the Field.

