
[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN THE FIELD, Camp Kagi, Chickasaw Nation, February 15, 1864.

JOHN JUMPER,

Chief of Seminoles:

COLONEL: I write to you, not that I have any interest in appealing to you, neither because I admire your courage, which I recognize even amidst the disaster of your late defeat; nor do I refer to your humiliation in the late engagement to taunt you with what your personal bravery could not prevent. I write to you because you are the recognized head of a part of the Seminole Nation, and in the behalf of those who trust you I appeal to one known the responsibility of power. I do not think your desire to see your people utterly ruined. I believe that you do not wish the little remnant of their children to curse the day when you were their head. I think you and they know that neither you nor the rebels can overthrow the Government of the United States. I think you ought to know that so causeless a war to overthrow so good a Government is very wicked. I feel sure you have had no cause to rebel against the Government. Let me ask you, do you not see the end coming, and are you anxious to see your people destroyed in the ruins? Why let these demagogue rebels, who rose in arms against their Government, deceive you? Do you wish to see the Seminoles perish to cover up and hide their crimes?

The President of the United States has once more offered mercy, pardon, and peace. I strike hard, but not because the Government is cruel, but because everything must be destroyed that stands in the way of the glorious American Republic. For your people, then, I tell you to think of these things. The offer is honest; it is liberal, because the Republic is great enough to be generous. If you accept it soon, you may be preserved; if you do not, you and your people will be blotted out in blood. If you want peace let me know.

From your friend and the friend of the Seminoles,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Indian Territory.

Numbers 2. Itinerary of the Indian Brigade.*

February 1.-Battalion of infantry,under Major Wright, marched to Rhea's Mills, 65 miles, to run mills and get forage and breadstuff. Commands from the First Indian Regiment, Colonel Wattles; Third Indian, Major Foreman; battalion Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, Major Willetts; section of Kaufman's howitzers. Captain Kaufman, with the commanding officer, marched southward across Arkansas River; reached Hillabee after a march of 75 miles.

February 5, 6, 7, and 8.-Had skirmishes, in which upward of 50 of the enemy were killed. Rebels fleeing southward in great confusion.

February 9 and 10.-Three expeditions as advance columns to Little River, which whole command reached on the 11th. The

---------------

*From return for February, 1864.

---------------

