
On Thursday, the 25th instant, I received orders to turn over my command to Major Charles Willettts, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, and report in person to your headquarters, where I arrived yesterday after an absence of thirty days.

I have the honor to remain, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. C. WRIGHT,

Major Second Indian Regiment, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM GALLAHER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

FEBRUARY 1-MARCH 1, 1864.-Scouts form Rolla, Mo.

Reports of C. L. Woods, D. Causort, Aaron S. Vail, B. R. Moore, and F. L. Hard.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, MO.,February 29, 1864.

We left Rolla on the 1st of February, 1864, under orders to report to Captain Murphy, commanding post at Houston, Mo., and reported to Captain Murphy on the 3rd instant, received orders from him, and on the 5th instant we started with 30 men, under command sour Militia, and marched to Eaton's, on Jack's Fork; distance from Houston, 22 miles. On the 6th we marched to Gilliland's, in Peace Valley; distance, 22 miles. Heard that Lieutenant Carvill, of the Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia, had gone north on the West Plaims and Houston road.

7th.-Marched to Widow Thomas' place, or Gunter Valley, in Howell Country. Learned here that there were several guerrillas in the immediate vicinity, and that a small party of them had on the 6th instant hung a man by the name of Judd, and learned from him that there were 84 men, under Captain Evans, about 10 miles from Thomasville, awaiting our approach. We found that we could do but little with twice our number of men, whom we heard were well mounted and armed. Lieutenant bold dispatched our situation to headquarters at Houston. The command encamped at Judd's, having marched 15 miles. 8th.-Scouted and foraged in the neighborhood; camped at Prock's, having marched 10 miles. 9th.-About 7 o'clock Lieutenant Hillerich arrived from Houston with 50 men and one piece of artillery. We soon formed in order, intending to march for Thomasville, when am an came from that place and informed us that Captain Evans had found out that we were expecting re-enforcements and had started before daylight in the direction of Perkins' place, on Warm Fork of Spring River. We immediately changed our course, intending, if possible, to fall in with Captain Evans; marched 24 miles, and camped at Roberts'. 10th.-Started in good time and marched to the Thomasville and Batesville road. Had gone about 1 miles when we saw 3 men coming toward us, who see in guns turned and ran. We pursued and shot one of them; the others escaped. We then continued our march toward Spring River

8 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

