
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., March 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the department commander. I would here take occasion to remark that the detachment at Waynesville, Mo., has always exhibited creditable zeal in ridding the section of guerrillas and hors thieves, and deserves the praise and confidence of those in authority.

JOS. A. EPSTEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding District.

FEBRUARY 1-MARCH 7, 1864.-Operations in New Mexico and Arizona.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain Asa B. Carey, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, of operations in New Mexico.

Numbers 2.-Captain Francis McCabe, First New Mexico Cavalry, of operations in New Mexico.

Numbers 3.-Major Edward B. Willis, First California Infantry, of operations in Arizona.

Numbers 4.-Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth California Infantry, of operations in Arizona.

Numbers 1. Reports of Captain Asa B. Carey, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, of operations in New Mexico.
HEADQUARTERS NAVAJO EXPEDITION,Fort Canby, N. Mex., February 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 26th instant a party of Mexican citizens arrived at this post from an unsuccessful pursuit of a party of Navajo loadrones who had robbed them of some stock. They are from the Rio Arriba, and traversed the country from the place thought the Chusco, making a thorough examination of the country at the base of the Juanico range of mountains and in the vicinity of El Canon de Chelle, but without discovering but one Indian, whom they killed. I informed this party that for the present, that so long as the Indians continued coming in for immigration in such large numbers, that active operations would not be renewed against them; that all stock o whatever description brought in by them is assured to them so long as they remained under my protection, and that all claims must be sent in to the general commanding for adjudication; that any attack made on these people now would in all probability injure those who were coming in in good faith, the evil consequences of which it would be difficult to estimate. There is no question but what it would have the effect of stopping the arrivals, thereby protracting the war indefinitely and sacrificing the results of the last campaign. They fully coincided with my view and agreed to return. They being destitute, I furnished them provisions for the purpose.

Although citizens cannot be blamed, but must, on the contrary, be praised for their energy in pursuing so far the robbers of their flocks, their hereditary foe, the Navajo, they should at the same time understand that any act of hostility committed against the Navajo

