
at present may place a barrier in the way of carrying out the wise measures now in successful progress of feeing this Territory from the lawless acts of these people. Of course this forbearance has no reference to those who leave this county for purposes of pillage.

I have now here 2,500 Indians awaiting transportation, besides about 500 already sent from this post since the return of Colonel Carson from the Canon de Chelle, and they are daily arriving. In about two days i expect a train of ten teams, which with the number of teams I shall be able to send of the depot transportation, will, I think, enable me to send all away who are now here. In the mean time I have them employed bringing in grass as part payment for their food. The moment they cease coming in hostilities will be again resumed with the usual vigor. Having been informed that there was a band of ladrones inhabiting the hills west of Bear Springs, I detached Captain F. McCabe with 50 men yesterday morning with instructions to break up their rendezvous and punish them.

Taking advantage of the temporary cessation of hostilities I have established drills, by which the troops are being much benefited.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. B. CAREY,

Captain, Thirteenth Infantry, Commanding.

Captain BENJAMIN, C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.
HEADQUARTERS NAVAJO EXPEDITION,Fort Canby, N. Mex., March 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that on the 4th instant I dispatched from this post en route to Bosque Redondo 2,103 Navajo Indians. Captain John Thompson, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, went in charge of the escort and Indians. The escort consisted of the men re-enlisted as veteran volunteers (5 non-commissioned officers and 22 privates) and 2 non-commissioned offices and 23 privates of Company K, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers. Captain Thompson has orders that on his arrival at Los Pinos he will proceed with the Indians to the Bosque, taking with him as an escort the veteran volunteers and dispatching the men of Company K as escort to my transportation, which is directed to return from Los Pinos to this post. The transportation furnished was a Government train (Robinson's, late Russell's) of eight 10-mule wagons and twenty 6-mule wagons from this post. Six of these are wagons which I am directed to return to Fort Union depot; fourteen belong to and are to return to this post from Los Pinos, together with the mules of the six wagons which are to be forwarded to Union.

There are nw at the mail station, Old Fort Fauntleroy, 35 Indians, which I directed Captain Thompson to take on with him. This will make the total number under his charge 2,138, a larger number than has ever been sent at any one time before with the same amount of transportation. I have now at this post 400, which will be forwarded as soon as practicable. On the 8th instant I shall start out scouting parties. One I shall send to Chusca Valley and its vicinity; another to Canon de Chelle, Mesa de la Baca, and Callabasas, and to examine the country west of this post. The Indians who left on the 4th instant with Captain Thompson had, and took

