
the warriors, who expressed themselves very willing to remove to the reservation; said that they were glad they were informed in time, and requested leave to bring in their families, who were dispersed in the neighboring ravines. This I readily grand, and told the warriors that I would return to my camp at the Puerco, where I should expect to see them at sundown. Soon after I marched back to my camp, and at sundown I had the satisfaction of seeing the entire band (110 Indians in all) at my camp.

I started back on the morning of the 3rd instant, and reached this post on the afternoon of the 4th instant with 112 Indians, having captured 2 Indians on the road. One of the teamsters of Russell's train recognized the Indian who shot Mr. Russell among those that I brought in. I entertain the hope that the removal of these Indians will render the transmission of mails and the passage of small trains a duty of less danger in future. During the scout the bearing and behavior of my men were all that I could expect from good soldiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS McCABE,

Captain Company L, First Cavalry, New Mexico Vols.

Second Lieutenant JOSEPH LAUGHLIN,

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Edward B. Willis, First California Infantry, of operations in Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Whipple, Ariz., February 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that since my last a party of miners, under lead of Mr. King Woolsey, followed the tracks of animals stolen from them, and overtook the Indians in the Pinal country beyond the San Francisco River. They succeeded in killing 24; a party of Maricopas at the same time killed 9. To-morrow morning I shall start in that direction accompanying Governor Goodwin. We propose to examine the country with a view to the selection of a proper site for a town in the geographical center of the Territory; also a proper location for the military post. This point, if the country meets our expectations, will undoubtedly be the capital. The commission appointed in General Ordes, No.-, have not yet selected a site for the post, not having the proper opportunities for examining the county. A party of about 75 miners will accompany this expedition, and we propose to a ford them all facilities possible in prospecting the country over which we pass, and at the same time, if possible, to strike a blow at the Indians, having at all times the main objects of the expedition in view.

There would be considerable quantities of grain sown in this vicinity this eason, but on attempting to procure seed from the Pima villages the ranchers have been forbidden by the Government agent, Mr. Allen, from purchasing a single pound. It is too late for them to send to California or New Mexico for seed, and will be a serious drawback upon this portion of Arizona. I am very much pleased with the agricultural and farming lands in this section, and

