
respectfully request that if possible garden seed may be sent to this post as soon as practicable. We have already a small assortment, but need more. Grape cuttings, no doubt, will do extremely well here.

The people of this section are very much excited with regard to the Indian disturbances, so much so that last week, during a visit to the mines, I noticed men working with arms beside them, and it is not considered safe to leave their dwellings without them. unless immediate steps are taken to quell these Indians it will be of serious detriment to the Territory. I shall do all in my power in this direction, and respectfully request the general commanding to furnish me with his views upon their subject.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

EDWARD B. WILLIS,

Major First Infantry, California Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Santa Fe. N. Mex.

Numbers 4. Reports of Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth California Infantry of operations in Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Rio Mimbres, Ariz., March 1, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that on Wednesday, the 24th [ultimo], I received a communication from Los Pinos Altos, stating that Indians had visited that place on the 13th instant, and that the citizens were in great fear, as the Indians had told them they would return on or about Thursday, the 25th. I at once concluded to try and catch them, if possible; so I left with 21 men on the evening of the 24th instant [ultimo] at 8 p. m., taking an old and indirect route, determined not to be seen, traveled until 4 a. m. of the 25th, and secreted myself in a canon until 9 p. m., then started again and went within about 3 miles of the town, hid again, and sent in a spy. He returned before daylight, saying there were no Indians there; so I laid over, hid in the thick brush, intending to lie there as long as I could to await for their arrival in town. They came about noon; word came, and I started to the place at about 5 p. m., arriving there them, and I killed 13, including the notorious chief Louis, successor to Mangas Colorado, chief of the Gila tribes. In my opinion not one escaped with a whole hide. This chief is the same that killed Private Bay, of Company D, First Infantry, California Volunteers, at Fort West, last fall, and the same that I had a fight with in Sierra Blanca Mountains in September last. I also captured a Mexican woman from them (whose narrative I append to this report as containing some very useful information) and one pony and bows and arrows in abundance. I followed the who escaped the next day about 7 or 8 miles, but could not overtake them. Returned safely to camp on the 29th without the slightest accident of any kind; not aman hurt. Marijenia Figueira says:

My father's family lived at Banamichi, a small mining town in Sonora. When I was seven years old the town was attacked by Indians. Myself an sister were taken prisoners and carried off; also a few other children of the town; besides this

