
all the people of the town were killed, including my father and mother. This is my sister, the wife of Julian Aguirre. She was a prisoner five years; I have been a prisoner fifteenth years; am twenty-two years old. During the whole time I have been slave for Louis and his family; have been treated well; have never been married; have no children. Louis and 3 warriors were all of Mangas Colorado's tribe that were here; all the others were of the Chriricahu tribe. Louis and all of the warriors belonging to his tribe were killed; he was acting chief of the party. If we had got off well this time Cochise and his tribe would have come next time. All the Indians that came with this party were living near the mouth of Black River. We came by Fort West; have been eight days coming. The Navasjoies are at war with all the other tribes that I know of. They took all our stock; left us very poor; very poor indeed. We have no stock except 3 pies, and 1 of these the soldiers got last night. We have no dried meat; have nothing to live upon except mescal; have no dried mescal; have a very hard matter to gather enough to do from day to day. Can occasionally kill a deer. Have no powder or guns. Our guns ae nearly all worn out. We only get a little powder occasionally, when we can kill somebody. The Navajoes got some of our guns. We have no clothing. We have to live down in the valleys. We can not live up in the mountains; it is too cold. Runon and Victoria get powder and lead from aman named Zuloago,who is always on fierily terms with us, even when his Government is at war with us. Runnon and Victoria are bothover this way somewhere. I think Runnon and part of his people are in the Florida Mountains or at Lake Guzman to make campaigns against Las Cruces and Mimbres River.

William Aguirre is a citizen of Pinos Altos, and the captured woman was turned over to him. She desires to live with her sister. I feel it to be my duty to acknowledge valuable service rendered by Mr. William Market, in connection with this report; also Mr. Julian Aguirre.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. WHITLOCK,

Captain Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding District of Arizona, Franklin, Tex.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP MIMBRES,March 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform the colonel commanding that on the morning of the 3rd instant Juan Arroyas (my Mexican guide and scout)reported to me that some Indians had just crossed the road with some cattle about 6 miles from here, going southward. I thought best to look after them a little, so I sent Lieutenant Burnkett and 14 enlisted men mounted on wagon mules to give chase. Lieutenant Burkett followed them to the Florida Mountains, a distance of about 50 miles, but could not overtake them. He reports that a very large body of Indians has been encamped there for some time past, and appeared to have left about three or four days ago; that they have had a considerable amount of stock; that stock has been driven to that place from every direction, but has all been driven away in the direction of Lake Guzman. The Indians are very plenty around here nowadays,and if you will give me affair show I will catch some more of them, but as it is, I have hardly troops enough to guard my here dad keep them off it. My men come on guard duty every third day and on police once between guards, when all are here; when part are gone on a scout we all have to stand guard. I have had to discharge the duties of sergeant of the guard myself in order to keep the non-commissioned officer from remain-

