
ing on duty forty-eight hours without being relieved. My orderly sergeant is detailed regularly when there is a detachment out. My standing instructions are to "strike at them whenever I can." but how can I do anything with so small a garrison and a Government here to look out for? But if Company I comes along in few days I think of halting them a few days and go after those fellows, unless I shall receive orders to the contrary. They are reported as being in such numbers that I do not feel safe with less than 50 men. I should like very much to know your pleasure in regard to this matter, as it could very probably be obtained in time. I believe I could catch a good number of them, and probably some stock.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. WHITLOCK,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, California Vols., Commanding.

Captain C. A. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hart's Mills, Tex.

FEBRUARY 2, 1864.-Skirmish on Halcolm Island, Mo.

Report of Captain William Dawson, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

[BLOMFIELD, MO.]February 4, 1864.

COLONEL: Captain Shibley has returned, bringing 8 prisoners, among the number John Bolin. He killed 7 men and took 13 horses. The party was attacked on Halcomn Island and numbered about 35, principally the Bolin gang. They were on this side foraging. He captured 15 wagons of corn-all citizens' wagons. The captain reports 400 men to cross at Jones' Ferry to-day to march for this place. He destroyed the ferry. All this without the loss of am anon our side. I will send the prisoners to-morrow morning to the Cape with Captain Shibley.

WM. DAWSON,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau.

FEBRUARY 3-6, 1864.-Expedition from Brasher City, La.

Report of Colonel Nicholas W. Day, One hundred and thirty-first New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brasher City, La., February 6, 1864.

SIR: I would respectfully submit to the colonel commanding the district the following report of the expedition commanded by me, consisting of 75 infantry and one section of artillery, on the steamers J. M. Brown and Red Chief, which left here the evening of the 3rd instant:

We proceeded up Grand Lake in to Lac Fausses Pointe, at the extreme northern point of which we landed, at Dauteriove's plantation.

