
by files through the swamp, and in the path the water and mud was 4 feet deep. As soon as we fired the company rank back over the hill, and as soon as the advance got over the swamp they scattered in all directions. The woods were very thick and very miry. I ordered my men to charge as foragers after them; followed them about 2 miles, scattering them in all directions. I captured 2 prisoners, 4 horses, shot 1 horse, 6 guns, and all their camp and garrison equipage. They had plenty of meat, salt, meal, and corn. I burned and destroyed one crib of corn (500 bushels) and all the other store sand equipage. My horses were very tired and nearly given out. After the charge I started toward Big Creek. The roads were very bad, and the creek was swimming. The horses were not fit to swim, and no prospects of getting any more prisoners, I returned to the boat after resting awhile; arrived at the boat at 6 p. m., embarked and proceeded to mouth of Big Creek; found gun-boat with convoy there bound down; staid there till daylight February 7, then proceeded to mouth of White River; arrived there at 12 m., stopped half an hour, then moved up the Mississippi River for Helena; landed at wood-yard, took five cords of wood; arrived at Helena, Ark., 3 a. m., February 8, 1864.

I succeeded in capturing 7 prisoners, 16 horses, 3 mules, 6 Colt revolvers, 12 guns destroyed. The following are the names, rank, and regiment: Alexander Newman, Casteel's company, Dobbin's regiment; W. P. Erley, Casteel's company, Dobbin's regiment; James South, Twentieth Arkansas Regiment; Nathan Clement, Hawthorn's regiment; John M. Barry, Texas Legion; J. F. Westbrook, taken with Texas Legion soldier in arms; John Darr, Elliott's battalion of cavalry, He was captured, dressed in our U. S. uniform. He says his company is at Cotton Plant, 50 in number, all dressed with U. S. uniform with red star on left breast. They have been detached to this side of the Mississippi River, and crossed about thirty days ago.

When I returned to mouth of White River Captain Prichett, U. S. Army gun-boat, turned over 1 prisoner to be delivered to you. He says he is a rebel courier, and he has evidence against him that he carries news of boats coming for the guerrillas to come and shoot at them. His name is Dawson Rouse.

There are about fifty bales of cotton in Indian Bay settlement, but the cypress slough was so muddy I could [not get] it out at present. At the landing on Indian Bay there are 5,000 bushels of corn, and through the settlement within 5 miles of the landing there are about 25,000 bushels of corn.

Our troops have never been in the settlement but once before, and that was a year ago last September. The country is well supplied to feed guerrillas, as nearly all are strong secesh. I recruited 6 good soldiers for the battery of African descent. I took some meat for the command, but they would not take Uncle Sam's receipt, and I guess the boys got some secesh chickens that had not taken the oath to the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O'CONNELL,

Captain Company G, 15th Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Captain T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

