
FEBRUARY 5-17, 1864.-Scout from Houston, Mo., into Arkansas, with skirmishes.

Report of Captain Richard Murphy, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF HOUSTON,Houston, Mo., February 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the scout sent out from this post on the 5th instant, under command of Lieutenant Bold, returned yesterday. Lieutenant Bold's report shows that he penetrated several miles into Arkansas, and was at one time within about 3 miles of Colonel Freeman's camp, though at the time not aware of his proximity. From information gained, the lieutenantsays Freeman's whole force may be estimated at from 400 to 500 men, and that they are very poorly armed and supplies with ammunition. The scout was frequently fired on from the brush while below Thomasville. The lieutenant returned the fire a number of times and in this way killed 7 of the guerrillas, including Colonel Freeman's quartermaster, Lieutenant Lamb. He also captured and brought in 3 prisoners, 8 horses, 2 mules, and a few worthless guns.

I would respectfully suggest that if a scout of about three companies was sent down to Spring River and allowed to remain there for a fortnight, they could effectual break up this band of thieves. Lieutenant Bold reports that there is plenty of forage for a force of 300 for the period mentioned, and that subsistence can easily be obtained for that number of men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Rolla, Mo.

FEBRUARY 6-10, 1864.-Scout in the Sni Hills, Mo.

Report of Captain Charles F. Coleman, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Pleasant Hill, Mo., February 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: After hunting bushwhackers faithfully for four days, I returned late last night to this place, with all the troops under my command. I did not meet with as good success as I had hoped to, but did finally succeed in driving them out of the Sni Hills, in which place I think there were about 200 of them. We found them in parties numbering from 10 to 40, but a running fight out of them, of which kind we had a good many. We took 2 horses from them, wounded 1. They have all gone east and northeast. I intend to bushwhack them when they return.

C. F. COLEMAN,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain J. M. HADLEY,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist of the Border

