
rallying and forming the men in line on each successive stand made by us, contributed largely to the safety of the remaining portion of my command.

My loss, I regret to state,is severe, nearly one-half of the portion of the command engaged in the action being killed, wounded, or missing. The following is the recapitulation, as near as could be ascertained from the sources of information left open to me after the fight: Killed, Private Dean, Company F, Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry; wounded, 4 missing, 23. Of these, 20 are from the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry and 3 from the Fourth Arkansas Infantry.

My thanks are due to the men under my command, with a few cowardly exceptions, for the courage displayed on this occasion.

I am unable to state the exact loss of the enemy, but am fully satisfied that it will amount to an aggregate of 65 killed, wounded, and missing, including the prisoners taken by Captain Majors.

In conclusion, I would respectfully recommend Lieutenant John A. Warrington to the favorable consideration of the commanding officer of the district, in order that he may receive the promotion due him for his gallant services during this action.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. STEPHENS,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Cava., Commanding Detachment.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Batesville, Ark.

FEBRUARY 11, 1864.-Descent upon Lamar, Tex.

Report of Captain E. P. Upton, Local Defense Company of Refugio County.
HDQRS. LOCAL DEFENSE COMPANY OR REFUGIO CO.,Lamar, February 13, 1864.

SIR: In my communication of the 11th instant, by special courier, I informed you of the landing of the enemy at this place in considerable force. Early on the morning of the 11th the enemy landed 75 men under 3 officers-a captain and 2 lieutenants (Iowa troops). They took down the large warehouse here, and removed all they could carry of it on board the large scow they brought with them. The men were then turned loose, as it seems, for indiscriminate plunder. They entered almost all the houses and took whatever they desired, defenseless families suffering the most. Just before dark the enemy halted out into the bay and anchored. Early in the morning of the 12th, they returned toward the shore in their barges and boarded the schooner Lizzie Bacon, which lies sunk near the beach. They pumped her out, and after an ineffectual attempt to get her out they abandoned her, proceeded to their large scow, set sail, and at sundown of the 12th were out of sight. They stood toward the pass of Arkansas. By design I directed J. B. Wells, esq., a member of my company and resident of Lamar, to enact the quiet citizen and meet the enemy upon their landing. He derived from the 3 officers before mentioned the following: They told him that all of Corpus Christi had come over to them; that

