
they had upon Mustang Island a Texas regiment enlisted in Corpus Christi and elsewhere on the coast, and that Banks had 25,000 troops with which he intended taking Galveston, but said that "our heaviest force, and upon which we mainly depend, is coming by way or Red River-a force so large that Texas will be overrun in less than three months hence."

During the invasion of the enemy on the 11th, a small boat was seen coming from Saint Mary's. To my astonishment she stood on and landed on the beach just above the enemy, when the 2 men in run leaped ashore and started to run across the prairie. They wee pursued, fired at several times, and captured without injury. Mr. Wells informed me they were a lieutenant of Captain Hobby's company, Colonel Hobby's regiment, and one T. Beran, whom the lieutenant had employed at Saint Mary's to bring him to Lamar. The lieutenant is from Bee County; name unknown. My scouts from Saint Joseph's inform me as follows: Every building of any size on Saint Joseph's has been removed to Mustang, where a city seems to be rising. The fortifications are all on Mustang. The enemy only occasionally cross to Saint Joseph's in large parties to hunt cattle, &amp;c., which have become very wild from constant shooting among them and want of water. Their communication with Saluria aery is now by water. On Mustang is now a large force of cavalry, &c. From Balck Jack Reef, Saint Mary's, Carlos Head, and Nine-Mile Point (Live Oak) all is quiet.

Among the recent invaders were several citizens of Corpus Christi; one Anderson (captain) and his son were the most conspicuous. Certain it is that every movement here was well know to the enemy. I have determined in consequence to stop all communication with Corpus until ordered otherwise, as well as the islands.

* * * * * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. UPTON,

Captain, Commanding Local Defense Co., Refugio County.

Colonel JAMES DUFF,

Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., Victoria, Tex.

FEBRUARY 11, 1864.-Skirmishes near Madisonville, La.

Report of Lieutenant Henry P. Anderson, Third Maryland Cavalry.

MADISONVILLE, LA., February 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report for your observation.

On the morning of the 11th of February, at 3 a. m., a detachment of the Third Maryland Cavalry, consisting of Captain Adolph Bery (the commanding officer), First Lieutenant Henry P. Anderson, 4 sergeants, 3 corporals, and 23 privates, of Squadron C, and Lieutenant Moore, 20 men, and non-commissioned officers of Squadron D; also Dr. Stevenson, ambulance and driver, and a guide by the name of Bailey; all of which started for the point named in your instructions to the commanding officer. The command having reached the pickets on the Ponchatoula road, an advance guard was immediately sent out,

