
consisting of Lieutenant Moore and 12 men of Squadron D. We arrived at Zmr. Fleming's farm, after traveling a distance of 20 miles, about 8.30 a. m., without molestation or difficulty. The property was immediately searched, but nothing was found creating suspicion excepting several camp or picket fires on and about the premises. One man, pretending to be a brother-in-law of Mrs. Fleming, was arrested and closely questioned. He denied all knowledge of the enemy being there, or of their whereabouts, which proved contradictory to the statement of Mrs. Fleming, who acknowledged the presence of rebel soldiers upon the farm. During the examination of the prisoner the report was brought by Corporal Henkel, of Squadron C, to Lieutenant Moore, that a rebel soldier was seen by him standing upon a fence on the edge of the woods about 200 yards distant, in an opposite direction from the house, endeavoring apparently to find out the strength of our force. Lieutenant Moore proceeded immediately with his advance guard to captured him, and if possible to discover the vicinity of others. At the same time Lieutenant Anderson, with a few men, by taking the road to the left, joined in the pursuit. Arriving at the river a junction was formed with Lieutenant Moore, after which, and unexpectedly, we were greeted by a volley of musketry from the other side of the river, Lieutenant Moore at the same time receiving a wound in his back near his right shoulder blade. The depth of the river, the want of crossing, and the impenetrability of the bushes prevented farther pursuit, or any means of discovering the strength or whereabouts of the enemy. We are therefore compelled to fall back on the reserve. A consultation was immediately held, Captain Bery deciding to cross the river by some means with his whole force (excepting 10 men who were left at the house of said Fleming, for the protection of Lieutenant Moore and Dr. Stevenson), pursue the enemy, and if possible overtake them. The guide, Mr. Bailey, advised Captain Bery to give up his plan of pursuit, on the ground that in all probability the enemy were lying in ambush with numbers superior to our own; that we would encounter an almost interminable swamp, and he (Captain Bery) would thereby only incur a needless slaughter and a disaster defeat. In consequence thereof Captain Bery gave up his idea of pursuit, formed his column, and withdrew his force upon the road leading to Mr. Hennen's farm; Lieutenant Moore at the same time being properly cared for and placed in the ambulance, which was sen twit guard to the rear of the new advance sent out by Captain Bery.

Lieutenant Anderson at this time, with 15 men, formed the rear guard. After having proceed about a quarter of a mile several shots were fired from a deserted house upon the roadside, after which Lieutenant Anderson deployed his rear guard as skirmishers in a half-circle, in order to cover the retreat of the main body. Suddenly and unexpectedly we were attacked by a flanking movement which left us but one way of escape. Several volleys, however, were given in return, both by the skirmishers and the main body. The next moment the enemy came down upon us in a full charge, yelling and whooping. From the best of my and my men's judgment, I should conclude their number to be from 70 to 100 men. In the mean time the horse of Captain Bery was shot from under him, which left him in the rear of his column, and consequently, left without a commander, the men became panic-stricken at seeing their commander down and in the hands of the enemy, which caused them to break

