
ranks, and especially so when they discovered the guide at the head of the advance in full retreat. They, as a matter of course, followed hard after. The skirmishers, seeing the main body in full retreat, and all efforts on their part to repel the enemy fruitless, became discouraged and were compelled to seek safety in retreat. All efforts upon my or my sergeants' part to rally the men were of no avail. I endeavored to from the men in line after a retreat of a couple of miles, but the guide objected upon the ground that a creek was running close by, the enemy in sight upon our left, and should we halt in all probability in a few moments we would be cut off and all means of escape futile. He stated that the only chance we had was in gaining the turnpike road, which we reached in safety. The doctor was forced to leave and abandon his ambulance and contents and seek refuge with the main body in retard. The men, when spoken to of the manner in which they retreated, replied they would never stand with such a weapon as the carbine they now have. My sergeants state, of their own personal knowledge, two out of every three shots missed fire. They also state the men would only be throwing away their lives to no purpose whatever, and without benefit to any one.

Our loss consisted, is Squadron C, of 1 captain, 1 corporal, 1 private, besides 3 horses with equipments, 3 carbines, 2 sabers with accouterments, 2 saber blades, 1 pistol; in Squadron D, 1 lieutenant, 2 carbines, 1 saber blade, 1 horse with equipments. Wounded and missing: Squadron C-Captain Adolph Bery, missing; Corpl. John C. Klinke, wounded and missing; Private Wilhelm Engel, wounded and missing; Squadron D-Lieutenant Moore, wounded and missing; Squadron G-Private B. K. Jones (driver), missing; also 1 ambulance, contents, and the 2 horses.

All of which is most respectfully submitted as the true result of the scout by your ordered.

Very respectfully, yours,

HENRY P. ANDERSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company C.

Major BYRON KIRBY,

Commanding Third Maryland Cavalry.

FEBRUARY 12, 1864.-Affair near the California House, Mo.

Report of Major Waldemar Fischer, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., February 12, 1864.

COLONEL: The stage going west was attacked this morning, 4 miles west of the California House, escorted by 9 men of the Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. One man of the Eighth Missouri State Militia was killed; bushwhackers, 20. I have sent as many men after them as I can spare. The Eighth, from the Gasconade, has likewise sent an escort behind the bushwhackers.

W. FISCHER,

Major, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant-Colonel EPPSTEIN,

Commanding District of Rolla.

