
FEBRUARY 12-20, 1864.-Expedition from Batesville, Ark., after Freeman's command.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Baumer, First Nebraska Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEBRASKA CAVALRY,Batesville, Ark., February 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with verbal instructions received from Colonel Livingston, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, commanding district, I left Batesville at 7 a. m. on the 12th instant, in search of Colonel Freeman's command. Weather was clear and pleasant. Started in a northeasterly direction and traveled 6 miles and then halted to close up the column. At noon we crossed junction of Mount Olive and Hookram and Mount Olive and Batesville roads. Just before reaching this point met two flags of truce from Freeman's command, bringing in Captain Rouch and 18 privates of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, for exchange. At cross-roads deployed skirmishers in the hills, and halted for ten minutes to rest the animals; distance to this point, 12 miles. At 1.30 p. m. passed Curia Post-Ofice, taking Hookram road, 20 miles from Batesville. Up to this point we passed no plantations that had either forage or beef-cattle. One mile from McCord's struck headquarters of Spring Creek and followed down its valley to Hookram. Passing through Hookram we turned in a westerly direction and pushed on the Widow Martin's, 2 1\2 miles distant from Hookram. We camped here of the night and had corn and fodder for the animals. Mrs. Love (Widow Martin's daughter) has two head of beef-cattle (poor), which she is desirous of selling. Gave receipts for all forage used. One mile east of Widow Martin's crossed Salem road. Day's march, 28 miles.

February 13.-Left camp at 6 a. m.,; weather cloudy, wind northwest. Traveled west three-fourths of a mile through a level bottom; crossed tributary of Strawberry, and proceeding one-fourth of a miles farther, crossed main Strawberry, and passed house of Widow Mosier; saw but little corn here, no fodder, 5 head very small cattle. Pushed forward and halted at crossing of Hookram and Batesville and Batesville and Salem Raod to await junction of forces under command of Captains Majors and Potts. Command formed junction at 8.30 a. m. At 10 a.m. started on Salem road, having sent two squadron for forage. After traveling one-fourth of a mile, crossed road running east and west and passed plantation of Mr. Jacks; no fodder, but little corn, and no cattle fit for use. One-half mile father, same road, passed Hycomb's house; no forage or cattle. One-half mile farther passed Bronw's and changed direction to northwest, taking road to Ash Falt, crossing at intervals of 1 mile each eight roads leading to the northeast. Pursed this route for 8 miles and crossed a small stream at Couch's house. No forage or cattle. One-fourth mile farther we came to Simpson's plantation, where we halted (it being noon), fed, and left the men get their diners. Sent out parties in different directions to search for information of the enemy. One of the parties returned, bringing as a prisoner Captain Adams, a noted character. No definite information was obtained. Left Simpson's at 4.50 p. m., and started for Widow Davidson's, on the Yellville and Jackson road, distant 6 miles; arriving there are we found that she had 30 bushels of corn, and we

