
beef details awaiting our arrival; they reported finding neither cattle nor forage. Pushed on to Smith's, one-half miles below, and waited forty minutes for arrival of second beef detail, which came in, making the same unfordable report. They saw and chased 3 mounted men, but did not succeed in overtaking them. The forage detail, which had been sent out under charge of Quartermaster Lowry, also returned and reported having killed 2 bushwhackers, Martin and son, but found no forage. They fired and burned a crib of corn at Martin's, as we could not carry it away. From information gathered we knew that this corn had been hidden for the use of a gang that made Martin's their headquarters. Pushing on half a mile farther, we passed Smith's farm; large clearing, but little cultivated; some little fodder in a field, but no corn. Passed cross-roads and continued on southerly cause 2 miles farther, and came to another crossroads. Sent one squadron in chase of a party of mounted men, whose fresh train was seen leading to the eastward, and during their absence, forty minutes, patrolled the roads in three directions. Squadron returned; met with no success. Started again in an easterly direction, and after traveling 2 miles crossed the Batesville and Salem raod; one-half mile further crossed Strawberry Creek and moved on to Gault's plantation, one-half mile from the creek, where we camped; distance traveled, 21 miles. Found plenty of forage for the animals. Sent off scouting parties in different directions during the night to gather information concerning the enemy and learn whereabouts of forage.

February 16.-Left camp at 7 a. m., and traveled in a northeasterly direction for one-half a mile; crossed Strawberry and continued on the same course until we arrived at Salem and Batesville raod. Moved down Batesville and Salem raod 1 mile and then struck off to the westward; proceeded 1 miles on this course and halted and fed at McIlmurrary's; remained there two hours and divided the command, sending the prisoners and led horses to Batesville, under escort of detachment of Squadrons A and C of the First Nebraska Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenants Griffin and Whitelock. The command [marched] in a southeast direction 10 miles; passed through Wild Haws and halted for the night at 5 p. m. on the farm of a Mr. Phelps; found plenty of corn and fodder for the horses.

February 17.-Left camp at 7 a. m., and marched in an easterly direction; crossed the Salem and Batesville road, and at 8 a. m. halted to feed at Mr. Haliburton's, 5 miles distant from our previous camp. Command separated at this place; one detachment, composed of Squadrons E, F, and K, under command of Captain Majors, moved on a road leading north around Hookram. Squadrons G and I, under command of Captain Weatherwax, [moved] on a road south with instructions to join the command at West's plantation, 6 miles northeast of Hookram. The main command took the direct road to Hookram, passed through and camped at West's at 3.30. Captain Majors arrived at 4 p. m. and Captain Weatherwax at 4.30 p. m. Captain Weatherwax reported having ran upon asked of jayhawkers, numbering 6, who were in the act of plundering the house of a citizen, killed 3 and brought in 3 as prisoners. At dusk Squadrons K and F, in charge of Captain Lawler and Lieutenant Murphy, was sent from this place 10 miles northeast to Ash Flat and Rickwoods; they returned at 2 a. m. next morning, bringing in 2 prisoners belonging to Freeman's command. Squadron H, Lieutenant Moore,

