
disabled and were killed or abandoned. The distance traveled by the main column was 240 miles, distance traveled by detachments from 80 to 100 miles farther.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BAUMER,

Lieutenant Colonel First Nebraska Cava., Commanding Expedition.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Northeastern Arkansas.

FEBRUARY 13-14, 1864.-Expedition from Helena up the Saint Francis River, Ark.

Report of Captain Charles O'Connell, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY G, FIFTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Helena, Ark., February 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout up Saint Francis River, February 14, 1864.

I left Helena, Ark., at 5 p. m., February 13, 1864, in command of 100 men Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, and 30 men Third Arkansas, African Descent. Proceeded up Saint Francis River on steamer Hamilton Bell; arrived at Shrimp's Landing at 10 p. m.; disembarked cavalry, and ordered the boat, under command of Captain-, to cross to an island and remain until daylight February 14; then proceed to Linden, on Saint Francis River, and await my arrival. I took raod leading to the hills; pressed guides. The night was very dark and rainy. Arrived at the house of Major Dawson; searched for the major, but did not succeed in finding him. I thin divided the command; sent Captain Wier with his company with orders to go around by the house of Major Dawson's father-in-law (object, to catch the major). I proceed to John McDaniels's; there awaited the arrival of Captain Wier and company. He arrived at 6 a. m.; had captured Captain Nall in arms away from his home before daylight; fed horses at McDaniel's, then proceeded on road to Madison; arrived there at 11 a. m. Sent Captain Wier with Company C on one road into Madison, while I with the rest of the command went in on another road, in order to prevent persons from leaving town. We captured 1 soldiers. I sent for all male citizens to report at the court-house. I learned from Dr. Pillow that Captain Stewart and 4 men were in town awaiting my arrival to be captured. I brought them to Helena to obtain their parole.

I was in Dr. Pillow's house conversing with him when I heard firing on picket-post. Immediately sent orders to Captain Wier to have his company mount and re-enforce the picket. I mounted my horse and started for the picket-post; saw 2 rebels running through the woods and pickets firing at them. I changed my course and proceeded on right-hand road leading toward railroad, with view of heading them off until Captain Wier with his company could arrive. When opposite them I ordered them to halt. One of them fired at me. I fired at the one in advance, while the rear one changed his course and went toward the railroad. I pursued the advancing one, and after passing the rear one, he turned and followed me, continuing to fire at me, I firing at the advancing one. At that time some of the men had come upon the right flank of the rear man. He

