
turned and ran over the railroad to the left, pursues by the men. I followed the advancing one until he halted and surrendered, entreating me not to shoot again, as he was already wounded. I remained in charge of him until my orderly arrived; then sent him with prisoner to town. I then proceeded to the left over the railroad in pursuit of the other man. Saw his horse go by without a rider. Skirmished the woods to find him, as some of the men reported he had fallen from his horse; did not succeed in finding him. Returned to town with command, and discovered that I had captured Colonel Josey, Fifteenth Arkansas Infantry, wounded in the right arm. I learned from his that he and his adjutant had crossed the Saint Francis River opposite Madison and run in to my pickets, not knowing they were there. On coming to the picket he asked what command he belonged to. Picked told him the Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry. The colonel answered, "I will have to take you in, then;" to which the boy objected, ordering them to surrender. They attempted to draw their revolvers, and the boy fired at them. One then shot at the boy, wounding him in the left breast, upon which the other pickets came up and commenced firing. The rebels then retreated, trying to escape. I could not procure medical aid for the wounded men; pressed a wagon and had them conveyed to the boat at Linden.

The rebels having received information that I was in the country I deemed it unnecessary to go into their camp; therefore returned to the boat, and immediately started for Helena to procure medical attendance for the wounded. I arrived at Helena at 1 a. m., February 15; distance traveled, 135 miles. I succeeded in capturing 1 colonel, 2 captains, 2 lieutenants, and 5 horses, 3 revolvers, 1 carbine, and 3 guns destroyed.

Name and rank of prisoners: Colonel John E. Josey, Fifteenth Arkansas Infantry Regiment; Captain William Stewart, Greer's battalion (who remained in Madison to be captured); Captain R. C. Nall, Company F, Dobbin's regiment, was captured in arms away from home before day; First Lieutenant William Kelim, Harrison's [Griswold'] battery, Pratt's battalion; First Lieutenant Philander Littell, General Walker's staff; Private F. A. Weatherby, Company F, Dobbin's regiment; Private R. F. Hunt, Company A, Dobbin's regiment (who remained in Madison to be captured); Private J. L. Burnett, Company A, Dobbin's regiment (who remained to be captured); Private Porter Littell (conscripted by Captain Martin); Private William Cole, Groves' company, Biffle's regiment (a notorious guerrilla).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O'CONNELL,

Captain Company G, 15th Illinois Cav., Commanding Scout.

Captain T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 15, 1864.-Affair near Charleston, Mo.

Report of Captain James A. Ewing, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CHARLESTON, MO., February 17, 1864.

COLONEL: On the evening of the 15th I learned there was some guerrillas lurking about the country west or southwest of town. I

