
FEBRUARY 18, 1864.-Affair near headwaters of the Piney, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Joseph J. Gravely, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General John B. Sanborn, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southwest Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., February 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Chitwood, commanding detachment in pursuit of mail robbers, reports that he came upon the camp of the guerrillas near the headwaters of the Piney, and killed 4 of the party and wounded 1, and secured several of the articles taken from the stage passengers. Captain Human's command at Yellville has had several affairs with bushwhackers, in which 9 bushwhackers have been killed. Colonel Freeman's command is on White River, below Jacksonport. Major Gunning is on Calf Creek, in Searcy County, with 75 men, and Major Fitch, First Arkansas Cavalry, pursuing him, and within one-half hour's ride of him. Colonel Live's command is scattered in the northern part of Fulton County and some in Missouri.

JOHN B. SANBRON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Joseph J. Gravely, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Lebanon, Mo., February 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant W. T. Chitwood, detailed, by order of Captain John T. Wilson, to pursue the band of thieves which robbed the stage on the 11th instant, has returned and reports that he followed the trail of the robbers to the headwaters of the Piney. On the route he overtook 2 of the band, fired upon them, killed both of them and 10 in number, killed 2 men,wounded 1. He reports 2 horses captured, 2 killed. Some harness or parts of the harness taken from the stage found in possession of the men killed. One of the horses captured belongs to a man in this county who was robbed sometime this winter by the guerrillas near the Piney.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel Eighth, Cav., Missouri State Militia.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District Southwest Missouri.

