
strong. The horses of our men were poor scrubs and not trained to fire, and when the men fired a volley at the distance of 50 yards, 14 of them were unhorsed. The enemy immediately closed on them with revolvers, and the 14 were captured, the other 11 escaping. General Warren reports that the affair reflects no credit on the officer in command, and I have notified him that I expect an investigation.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Captain A. B. SHARPE,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, 13th Corps, New Orleans.

FEBRUARY 22 - 24, 1864. - Operations about Warrensburg, Mo.

Reports of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Central Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 23, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 22nd instant, at 8 a. m., a small squad of guerrillas was attacked by Lieutenant Hamilton, Company D, Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under the command of Colonel James McFerran, in which Lieutenant Hamilton was severely but not dangerously wounded; one of the guerrillas was wounded. The enemy's force was part of the notorious Captain Blunt's band, that numbered about 20 men and were driven out of the brush on the Blackwater, about 12 miles northwest of this post. It is the same band that has been reported as being in Jackson County the past four months.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 24, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a scout of 19 men, under command of Captain Burris, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, waylaid a small party of guerrillas, part of Blunt's band, that I reported on the 23rd, and mortally wounded 2 of them; the balance escaped into the Sin Hills.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

