
This young officer behaved throughout with coolness, energy, and judgment, and I take great pleasure in commending him to the officers above me.

On the 2nd instant, at 10 a.m., the same boats hove in sight of Harrisonburg. I had placed two infantry regiments on the bank of the Ouachita River, from the mouth of the Bushly Bayou up to the vicinity of the town, and one section of artillery (6-pounder Parrott guns), under Captain Faries, at a place where it could do the most effective firing. The other section of the same battery could not participate in the fight for want of its caissons, and also because the horses were so badly used up by the night's march and the bad roads as to be altogether unfit for service. The enemy's boats were opened upon by our infantry and artillery at the same time. From the nature of their build the iron-clad was safe against my artillery, and the wooden boats were protected from the musketry by a plate of sheet-iron between two thicknesses of wood on their sides. Having ascertained that there were no guns on the front they moved slowly up, firing as they went as well on the troops on the bank of the river as at the town, in which several houses were riddled with shot, regardless of the lives of the women and children. One of the boats, apparently somewhat damaged by the fire of the artillery, dropped back below the mouth of the Bushly, and the balance went up the Ouachita. They returned about one hour afterward and threw some incendiary matter into a house in town immediately on the bank of the river, which caused that house and the neighboring ones to ignite instantly.

Fortunately I was able, with considerable exertion, to stop the conflagration, which had liked to have swept over the whole place. After this the boats ran down the river and lay all night 1 mile above Trinity. This morning they are shelling Trinity. I have not yet heard the particulars, and will forward as soon as possible another report. The enemy fired not less than 1,000 rounds, out of 24 and 32 pounders and 12-pounder Parrott guns and guns of smaller caliber, a great deal of grape, canister, and spherical case, and some 8 and 11 inch shells.

The troops, as a general rule, behaved well. Colonel Taylor and Lieutenant-Colonel Stone, in command of the infantry, led their regiments in a manner creditable to themselves. The fire from the boats was very heavy on the banks of the river. Both my aides (Captain S. Cuculler and Lieutenant W. Eggeling), whose coolness I feel my duty to report, lost their horses killed while they were in the discharge of their duty. The casualties are 3 killed and 13 wounded, 3 of which mortally.

The enemy had troops on board of their boats firing through loopholes. As they kept themselves constantly hid their number could not be ascertained. One of their boats was a very large one, which could carry 800 men, but it is believed that their force was not as large. The above is all I have to report. I regret that I did not achieve more, but, with the means at my disposal, to fight was about all that I could do.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. POLIGNAC,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major L. BUSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

