
of range, until the iron-clad had passed the front of the town, when one of the tin-clads entered the mouth of the Little River on his right flank, and opened on the right and rear of the howitzer section with grape and shell, compelling Lieutenant Gaudet to retire. At the same time he saw clearly that he could not delay the iron-clad Osage, she having reached his immediate front, and was firing at or over him from about 50 yards in a very exposed position. Lieutenant Gaudet, not having been notified in time of the approach of the gun-boats, was unable to reach the position that had been previously selected for his guns, which was lower down the river. This section retired, as ordered, on the Harrisonburg road, marching all night over a road that had become nearly impassable by the rains for artillery and other carriages. To enable him to bring the pieces to this place by doubling his teams, the two caissons were left on the road 6 miles in the rear. They have since been brought in with mule teams. Lieutenant Gaudet reports the loss of some of the cartridges from his caissons, two axes, and one tarpaulin stolen the night he was engaged in moving his two guns to Harrisonburg. No casualties to report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery, Second Division Infantry.

Major J. C. MONCURE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Louisiana Infty.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR HARRISONBURG, LA.,

March 5, 1864.

SIR: I beg leave to state that Lieutenant O. Gaudet, commanding the howitzer section of this battery, recently detached with the infantry sent to Trinity, has reported to me that on the night march from that place he was ordered by Colonel Speight, of the [Fifteenth] Regiment Texas Infantry, who commanded the rear guard, to abandon his two caissons in order to save his pieces, the caissons being left 6 miles below this place on the road to Trinity without a guard to protect this valuable property; also, that when he arrived at the ferry on Bushly Bayou, just below Harrisonburg, he was not allowed to cross his pieces, horses, or men until all of the infantry and their wagons, including the rear guard of infantry, had been ferried over.

I beg leave most respectfully to protest against, this very unusual and irregular proceeding, which I believe was done without your knowledge or consent. As a rule, under such circumstance artillery is crossed early and placed in position on the opposite bank to cover the crossing of troops and trains. This, sir, is written in no spirit of fault-finding, but only to call attention to a very unusual and unmilitary occurrence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Brigadier General C. J. POLIGNAC,

Commanding Second Brigade Infantry.

