
Numbers 14. - Itinerary of the First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, April 18 - May 22.

Numbers 15. - Major Bradford Hancock, Twenty- ninth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations April 6-8, and itinerary of the brigade, March 5 - May 22.

Numbers 16. - Colonel William H. Raynor, Fifty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations April 6-8.

Numbers 17. - Major Edward Wright, Twenty-fourth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 18. - Captain Thomas Dillon, Twenty-eighth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 19. - Captain Maschil Manring, Fifty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 20. - Colonel William J. Landram, Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Fourth Division, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 21. - Itinerary of the Fourth Division, April 1 - May 25.

Numbers 22. - Major John A. Burdett, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry, First Brigade, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 23. - Major Francis A. Sears, Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross- Roads.

Numbers 24. - Captain William T. Cummins, Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations April 6-11.

Numbers 25. - Major Joseph E. Greene, Twenty- third Wisconsin Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 26. - Captain Daniel De Camp, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 27. - Captain James R. Lynch, Forty-eight Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 28. - Lieutenant Colonel William H. Baldwin, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 29. - Captain Joseph Leonard, Ninety-sixth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 30. - Major General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding detachments of Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 31. - Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower, U. S. Army, commanding detachment of Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 32. - Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, of engagement at Pleasant Hill, with itinerary of the brigade, March 1 - May 24.

Numbers 33. - Major John C. Becht, Fifth Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 34. - Colonel Sylvester G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of affair at Henderson's Hill and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou, with itinerary of the brigade, March 4 - May 24.

Numbers 35. - Lieutenant Colonel William B. Keeler, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, of affair at Henderson's Hill and engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 36. - Lieutenant Colonel William H. Heath, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, of affair at Henderson's Hill.

Numbers 37. - Major George W. Van Beek, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, of engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 38. - Colonel William F. Lynch, Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagement at Pleasant Hill, with itinerary of the brigade, March 1 - May 20.

Numbers 39. - Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.

