
Numbers 40. - Major Thomas Newlan, Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 41. - Lieutenant Colonel Hervey Craven, Eighty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of skirmish at Bayou Lamourie and engagement at Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 42. - Colonel William T. Shaw, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou, with itinerary of the brigade, March 10 - May 24.

Numbers 43. - Lieutenant Colonel Joseph H. Newbold, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy.

Numbers 44. - Captain Warren C. Jones, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 45. - Captain Leroy A. Crane, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 46. - Colonel James I. Gilbert, twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 47. - Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 48. - Major Gustavus A. Eberhart, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 49. - Major Robert W. Fyan, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 50. - Captain James M. Cockefair, Third Indiana Battery.

Numbers 51. - Lieutenant Thomas J. Ginn, Third Indiana Battery, of engagement at Yellow Bayou.

Numbers 52. - Colonel Risdon M. Moore, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 53. - Major Thomas W. Morgan, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 54. - Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Merriam, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 55. - Colonel Edward Wehler, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 56. - Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 57. - Lieutenant John H. Tiemeyer, Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, of operations March 26 - April 13.

Numbers 58. - Lieutenant Colonel Andrew W. Rogers, Eighty-first Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations April 7 - 13.

Numbers 59. - Colonel Thomas W. Humphrey, Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations March 16 - April 15.

Numbers 60. - Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding First Division and Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 61. - Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, Acting Engineer Officer Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 62. - Captain Henry W. Closson, First U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps, of engagement at Monett's Ferry, with itinerary of the Artillery Reserve, March 15 - May 20.

Numbers 63. - Captain Benjamin Nields, First Delaware Battery.

Numbers 64. - Captain William S. Hinkle, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, of engagement at Blair's Landing.

Numbers 65. - Lieutenant Franck E. Taylor, Battery L, First U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 66. - Lieutenant Edward L. Appleton, Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.

