
Numbers 67. - Captain George T. Hebard, First Vermont Battery.

Numbers 68. - Brigadier General James W. McMillan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade and First Division, of engagements at Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, and Monett's Ferry, with itinerary of division, April 1 - 30.

Numbers 69. - Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagements at Sabine Cross-Roads and Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 70. - Itinerary of the First Brigade, May 1 - 22.

Numbers 71. - Colonel Edwin P. Davis, One hundred and fifty-third New York Infantry, of engagements at Sabine Cross-Roads and Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 72. - Itinerary of the Second Brigade, March 15 - May 22.

Numbers 73. - Itinerary of the Third Brigade, March 15 - May 22.

Numbers 74. - Colonel Francis Fessenden, Thirtieth Maine Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of engagements at Sabine Cross- Roads and Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 75. - Lieutenant Colonel Justus W. Blanchard, One hundred and sixty- second New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations April 21 - 25.

Numbers 76. - Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Hubbard, Thirtieth Maine Infantry.

Numbers 77. - Brigadier General Frank S. Nickerson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, of engagement at David's Ferry, with itinerary of the brigade, April 15 - May 22.

Numbers 78. - Colonel William H. Dickey, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Corps d'Afrique, of action near Moreauville.

Numbers 79. - Lieutenant Colonel John C. Chadwick, Ninety-second U. S. Colored Troops, of action near Moreauville.

Numbers 80. - Itinerary of the Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, March 10 - May 26.

Numbers 81. - Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of operations April 4 - 13.

Numbers 82. - Brigadier General Richard Arnold, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of engagement at Monett's Ferry and skirmish (May 2) at Wilson's Landing.

Numbers 83. - Captain Ormand F. Nims, Second Massachusetts Battery, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 84. - Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, of affair at Henderson's Hill.

Numbers 85. - Captain Francis H. Whittier, Thirtieth Massachusetts Infantry, Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Fourth Cavalry Brigade, of wagons lost at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 86. - Captain Elbert H. Fordham, Thirty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, of operations May 14 - 18.

Numbers 87. - Colonel Oliver P. Gooding, Thirty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, commanding Fifth Cavalry Brigade, of skirmish at Campti and engagement at Monett's Ferry.

Numbers 88. - Captain William Davis, Eighteenth New York Cavalry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.

Numbers 89. - Major George R. Davis, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, of skirmish at Campti and engagement at Pleasant Hill.

Numbers 90. - Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, of voyage from New Orleans to Alexandria.

Numbers 91. - Lieutenant Commander K. Randolph Breese, U. S. Navy, of the capture of the steamer City Belle.

Numbers 92. - Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army, of the capture of steamers on Red River, &amp; c.

Numbers 93. - General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans- Mississippi Department, including operations February 21 - June 30.

