
210 prisoners, and a large number of horses and mules. It is reported that Walker is within 6 miles of the point reached, and Taylor 10 miles. Their forces is not known. The weather has been very severe - rain, hail, and sleet for forty-eight hours. The river is rising, and has now a depth of 7 feet on the rapids.

Colonel Horace B. Sargent received a flesh wound in the leg, which is severe but not dangerous. No other casualties are reported to our troops.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 25, 1864.

GENERAL: In the absence of the commanding general, and by his special direction, I have the honor to forward herewith copies of a dispatch from Brigadier General Charles P. Stone, chief of staff, dated Alexandria, March 23, and of Brigadier General A. L. Lee's report* of the affair of Henderson's Hill, fought on the 21st instant.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]

ALEXANDRIA, March 23, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The steamers Luminary and Meteor have arrived, bringing 300,000 rations, which will all be discharged to-night. General Franklin has reported from near Holmesville, and would pass Cheneyville to-day. I have advised him, under present circumstances, to turn to the left through the piney woods, and make Henderson's Hill, 2 miles hence on the road to Natchitoches, instead of this point; to send his empty wagons here for supplies, to be forwarded to him on the road. Should he adopt this suggestion, I shall send two brigades of cavalry to-morrow to join him on the Cotile.

I have direct information to-day that Green left Houston, Tex., on Tuesday of last week to march by Jopan [Jasper?] to Natchitoches; he has probably reached the Sabine to-day, and if Franklin moves rapidly I hope he will be able to take the enemy in detail, and whip Taylor before Green gets up, or, if Taylor should succeed in falling back toward Natchitoches, to catch Green by himself and rout him. Should Taylor retreat toward the Sabine, our cavalry can press him severely before he can cross, and capture his trains and artillery. The rebels have not succeeded in building the bridge they intended across the Sabine. Should the enemy succeed in

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

