
forming a junction of Green's and Taylor's forces and take the Shreveport road, we shall, I find, as already indicated in my previous reports, want forage for most of the road beyond Natchitoches, and I respectfully renew my suggestions that forage be sent here. According to present appearances, Admiral Porter will be able to pass his heavy rams over the rapids in two days from this time, and then it will be safe for the lighter gun-boats and transports to go up the river. Lieutenant-Governor Wells arrived here this morning, and is pleasantly welcomed by the people here.

Captain Dudley, the person authorized to raise the Western Lousiana scouts, has come in. During his passage up, on the flank of Franklin's column, he has gathered 60 recruits, making his company 80 strong. This will, I am confident, prove an acquisition to your force. The men know the country and its routes and its resources perfectly, and all enter the service joyfully under the flag of the nation. Our men came in this morning from the expedition of Monday. They marched in proudly enough, bringing in Edgar's complete battery of 4 guns, captured 250 prisoners and the battle-flag of the Second Louisiana (rebel) Cavalry, under that of Lucas' brigade. No one would have thought by their light step that our men had marched 61 miles, fought, won, and rested, all in forty-eight hours, and that half that time they had been exposed to a pitiless cold rain and hail storm. But so it was. There are 22 commissioned officers whom I have directed to be sent down the river to-morrow morning on the Luminary. The rank and file will go a few hours later on the Meteor. I deem it most safe to separate the officers and men for the voyage.

Lieutenant Sargent, whom I sent to New Iberia last Thursday, to accompany the headquarters train, arrived safely this noon. The train has arrived with the headquarters troops within the lines here. Will be in town to-morrow morning. Lieutenant Sargent reports the troops of Thirteenth and Nineteenth Corps as in fine condition. Dickey's brigade, of the Corps d'Afrique, arrived here their morning in good order.

Since writing my first page I have ascertained that the Luminary has been discharged, but that the Meteor will not be discharged before noon to-morrow. The first will leave at 8 a. m., the second at 1 or 2 p. m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., April 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th of March. Our information is that General Steele is moving on Shreveport from Little Rock, and was at the last advices at Camden. We have scouts on the way to him and must have more definite information soon. General Smith, with a column of 10,000 men from the Army of the Mississippi, is with us. Our troops now occupy Natchitoches, and we hope to be in Shreveport by the 10th of April. I do not fear concentration of the enemy at that point. My fear is that they may not be willing to meet us there; if

