
not, and my forces are not weakened to too great an extent, I shall pursue the enemy into the interior of Texas, for the sole purpose of destroying or dispersing his forces, if in my power, keeping in view the necessity of the co-operation of some of my troops east of the Mississippi, and losing no time in the campaign in which I am engaged. Until we reach Shreveport it will be impossible to form any definite plan of operations. The enemy has fortified the Sabine at Burr's Ferry and at Sabine Town during the last two months, for the double purpose of preventing the invasion of the State in that direction and covering their retreat. Taylor's forces are said to be on that line. This will not divert us from our movement. General Smith's command will return to Vicksburg on the 15th or 17th of this month, under orders from General Grant. The river has been, and is still, very low, which has delayed our operations. The gun-boats were not able to cross the rapids at Alexandria until day before yesterday. Admiral Porter went up to-day. I leave Alexandria for Natchitoches to-night.

Your suggestions in regard to the concentration of my command have been duly considered. I do not think that there is any unnecessary dispersion of troops. I have garrisons on the Rio Grande, at Pass Cavallo, in Texas, New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Port Hudson, Pensacola, and Key West; none of them large, considering the importance of the positions they occupy. I should be glad to surrender any of these points if, in the judgment of the Government, it can be done with safety. The President has expressed the wish that our ground may be maintained in Texas. In my belief thay are all important. Matagorda Bay commands the entrance to Eastern and Central Texas from the coast; it is of great importance that this place should be held if we should be compelled to operate from the coast. The garrison is not large. It can co-operate with us the moment we enter Texas in our present movement, and hold on the coast a force superior to its own. I inclose a statement of the strength of each garrison.

If you glance at our positions you will see that I am able to draw from each the last man that can be spared from its defense. This is true of every garrison from Brownsville by the way of New Orleans to Port Hudson; Pensacola and Key West, on the Gulf, are the only exceptions. I do not think it possible better to arrange the troops for the operations in which we are engaged at this time, and if we are not limited as to time or greatly reduced in force I am confident of an immediate and successful issue. It will be necessary for the Government to designate which of the posts now held can best be abandoned. One brigade of troops now at Port Hudson is ordered to join this column.

The following statement will present to you the strength of the garrisons of all the posts now held: Rio Grande, 3,000; Pass Cavallo, Matagorda Bay, 3,277; Pensacola, 900; Key West, 791; New Orleans, 1,125; Baton Rouge, 1,565: Plaquemine (colored), 620; Port Hudson (colored), 9,409.

I have the honor to be, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.

