HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received from the Government, I left New Orleans on the 22nd of March, and established my headquarters at Alexandria on the 25th. The Nineteenth Army Corps and the Third and Fourth Divisions of the Thirteenth, General Ransom commanding, encamped at Alexandria on the 26th of March, the whole under command of Major-General Franklin. Brigadier General A. J. Smith, with a part of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps, entered the Red River on the 13th, capturing Fort De Russy on the 14th, and moved by the river under convoy of the gun-boats to Alexandria, which was occupied by the naval forces, on the 16th, the cavalry of the Nineteenth Corps, Brigadier General A. L. Lee commanding, arriving on the 19th. The very low stage of the river rendered it impracticable for the larger gun-boats to cross the rapids in ascending the river until the 3rd of April, the lighter draught boats having crossed with great difficulty a day or two earlier. A very spirited movement was made against the enemy on Henderson's Hill, by a detachment of the Sixteenth Corps, under General Mower, and a detachment of cavalry of the Nineteenth Corps, in which 4 guns and 250 prisoners were taken from the enemy. Colonel Horace B. Sargent, First Massachusetts Cavalry, was seriously wounded in this brilliant action.

The steamers assigned to the Marine Brigade, being unable to cross the rapids, were ordered to return to Vicksburg, at the request of General McPherson.

The troops anticipated the movement of the gun-boats, and reached Natchitoches on the 2nd of April, General Smith's column by the river, and the Nineteenth and Thirteenth Corps, under General Franklin, by rapid marches. The river was steadily falling, and the larger gun-boats were unable to pass Grand Ecore. The troops of General A. J. Smith's command, except one division, which was ordered to go by the river, took up the line of march for Pleasant Hill, 38 miles distant from Grand Ecore, where I made my headquarters on the evening of the 7th of April, the cavalry commanded by General Lee being several miles in advance. Very heavy rains during this march made the single road within our reach almost impassable, and greatly impeded the progress of the trains and troops. The cavalry, which throughout had constantly pressed the rear guard of the enemy's troops, had several very sharp skirmishes, in all of which we had been successful, although suffering considerable loss. The enemy made his first stand at Wilson's farm, near Pleasant Hill, on the afternoon of the 7th. The fight lasted a couple of hours, when he was driven from the field, with considerable loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners. The next decided stand was at Carroll's Mill, 8 miles beyond Pleasant Hill, where our advance was stubbornly resisted by a still stronger force with artillery. A brigade of infantry was sent forward to support the cavalry and the enemy retired upon their advance. They were driven steadily during the day to a position within 5 miles of Mansfield.

My headquarters on the morning of the 8th were at a bayou, 10 miles beyond Pleasant Hill, where the column halted in order that the rear of the column, still impeded by almost impassable roads, might close up. At 10 o'clock I rode to the front, where some skirmishing had occurred, intending to return to my quarters on the bayou. The forces in the front consisted of the cavalry under Brigadier

