
of competent surgeons and assistants. The dead remaining upon the field, as far as possible, were buried during the night. The next day medical supplies and provisions, with competent attendants, were sent in for the sustenance of the wounded, and at daybreak the army reluctantly fell back to its position at Grand Ecore, for the purpose of communicating with the fleet and obtaining supplies, to the great disappointment of the troops, who, flushed with success, were eager for another fight. A detachment of cavalry under Mr. Young was sent to communicate with Admiral Porter, to notify him of the movements of the army, which message was delivered. Dispatches were also sent to him by the river, by the transport Red Chief, giving the same information. Much anxiety was felt for the safety of the fleet when it was known that they had passed up the river, but all apprehension was relieved on the evening of the 12th by the receipt of information that the gun-boats and all the transports were safe, although they had been heavily assailed by the enemy, with musketry and artillery. Before this information was received, a pontoon bridge had been thrown across Red River, with a view of sending up a force to assist the boats in their passage, and later, upon the receipt of further information, two brigades of General A. J. Smith's command, with two batteries of artillery and a detachment of cavalry, were sent to their assistance. The safety of the army, as well as the success of the expedition, seemed to justify this movement. Leaving Pleasant Hill, it was 15 miles before any water was found. It would have been impossible for the army, without supplies of water and rations, to have sustained another battle, in the condition in which it was then placed.

The troops are in good heart and spirit, and eager for contest. The enemy we encountered numbered from 22,000 to 25,000, embracing all the troops west of the Mississippi, excepting a small force on the Texas coast and a small portion of cavalry on the north side of the river. General Kirby Smith is said by the prisoners to have commanded in person on the 9th, and was supported by Price, Green, and the most distinguished generals of the rebel army. General Mouton was killed, and also two officers commanding brigades.

No communication has been received from General Steele of later date than the 2nd of April, when it is represented he had an engagement with a portion of Price's command, which had been repulsed. This is confirmed by the reports of rebel prisoners, who state that General Price (two of whose divisions were at the battle of Pleasant Hill) had a contest with General Steele a week or ten days before the recent battle, from which they had just returned.

We have captured from the enemy in this campaign 23 guns and 1,500 prisoners, who are now in our possession. The only loss we have sustained, except in killed and wounded, was on the morning of the 8th of April, when the train and batteries of the cavalry were abandoned. Sixteen guns, 2 mountain howitzers, and 125 wagons show the extent of this loss, several of which were captured this day. An advance will be commenced immediately upon a line differing somewhat from that adopted first and rendering the column less dependent upon a river proverbially as treacherous as the enemies we fight.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the U. S., Washington, D. C.

