HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

GENERAL: I had the honor to transmit to you, at Washington, a report of recent operations in this department. We have been compelled to act under circumstances of great difficulty, which have materially affected the course of events, but I trust that the results may meet with your approval. An immediate advance will be made upon the objective point of the expedition - Shreveport. In my conversation with General Sherman at New Orleans I stated that I hoped to complete our operations within thirty days after reaching Red River at Fort De Russy or Alexandria, which we should accomplish by the 15th or 17th of March. I am still of opinion that this would have been accomplished except for the unavoidable delays that have been occasioned by the low stage of water in the Red River, and the very great difficulty of maintaining our communications on that line. My instructions, however, were from Major-General Halleck, who directed me to move upon Shreveport, and informed me that Generals Sherman and Steele would co-operate with me in that view. No limitation of time was placed upon the movement, although it was expected to be accomplished with the least possible elay. I had the honor to receive from you a communication, to which a reply was forwarded on the 26th of March, by Lieutenant Towner. You instructed me in that communication that if the expedition could not be accomplished within ten or fifteen days of the time designated by General Sherman, the command of General Smith would be ordered to return to Vicksburg, even should it occasion the abandonment of the chief object of the expedition. The time specified I understand to be the 15th or 17th of the month, and I have hopes that within ten or fifteen days of that time our object will be accomplished, when General Smith will return. I have the honor to suggest, however, that at this time his departure will affect other interests besides that of the possession of Shreveport. A large fleet of gun-boats and transport are in the upper river, which cannot possibly descend below Alexandria on account of the falling water. I have in my immediate front an army of 25,000 men, among them some of the best troops of the rebel Government, and commanded by distinguished and desperate officers. The withdrawal of General Smith's command from my forces at this time places me at their mercy, and the army under my command. It will lead to the sacrifice of the army and the navy, as well as the abandonment of the expedition. My judgment is against it, and I cannot believe that were the circumstances known to the Government at Washington that it would be insisted upon. Admiral Porter agrees with me fully in this view. I need not say that at the earliest moment when it may be done consistent with the safety of the army and navy, I shall execute the orders in relation to General Smith's return; until then, I hope he may be allowed to co-operate with us.

The rebel army on the Red River comprises the whole forces of the Trans-Mississippi Department, except a small number on the coast of Texas, under Magruder. If this organized force is destroyed it can never be replaced. I regard that result as certain to be accomplished if our movement is not interrupted. This will enable you to throw all the forces now occupied in the Department of the Gulf, as well as a large portion of those in Arkansas and Missouri, to the support of the armies east of the Mississippi. If this expedition is abandoned without the destruction of the organized forces of the

