
necessary to accomplish the evacuation without his knowledge, and to prevent his strengthening the natural defenses of the position by the rapidity of our march. The conflagration of a portion of the town at the hour appointed for marching partially frustrated the first object, but the second was fully accomplished.

The army marched from Grand Ecore to Cane River on the 20th [22nd?] of April, a distance of 40 miles, and moved upon the position held by the enemy the 23rd of April before daybreak. About 8,000 men and sixteen guns, under command of General Bee, were found in possession of the bluff on the opposite side of the river, who were evidently surprised at the unexpected presence of our army, but ready to dispute our only passage toward Alexandria. At daybreak one division of the Nineteenth and Thirteenth Corps each, the cavalry commanded by General Arnold, and the artillery commanded by Captain Closson, the whole under command of General W. H. Emory, were ordered forward to the river for the purpose of forcing this position. The pickets of the enemy were encountered on the west side of the river and quickly driven across, but the main position was found to be too strong to be carried by direct attack. A reconnoitering party, under Colonel Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin volunteers, sent to ascertain the practicability of crossing the river below the ferry toward Red River, on the morning of the 23rd reported that the river was not fordable below the ferry, and that, owing to the impassable swamps on one side and the high bluffs on the other, it would not be possible to cross Cane River at any point below the ferry. If we failed to dislodge the enemy at the ferry the only alternative open to us was to attempt a crossing to the north side of Red River, an exceedingly difficult and dangerous movement. At the same time a force, under command of General H. W. Birge, consisting of his own command, the Third Brigade of the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, Colonel Fessended commanding, and General Cameron's division, Thirteenth Corps, were ordered to cross the river 3 miles above the ferry, and, turning the left flank of the enemy, carry the heights in reverse if possible. Upon the success of this movement depended the passage of the river by the army. The route traveled by General Birge's command was intersected by bayous, swamps, and almost impenetrable woods. This force reached its position late in the afternoon. To accomplish the purpose reached its position late in the afternoon. To accomplish the purpose in view it became necessary to carry two strong positions held by pickets and skirmishers before the enemy was encountered in force on the crest of a hill, commanding an open field, over which our troops were compelled to cross in making the attack. The Third Brigade [First Division], Nineteenth Corps, Colonel Fessended commanding, carried this position, which was defended with vigor, by assault. Its occupation compelled the retreat of the enemy from the bluffs commanding the ferry and ford. Our loss in this most brilliant and successful affair was about 200 killed and wounded. Colonel Fessended, who led his command with great gallantry, was severely wounded.

General Birge, as in all actions in which he has been engaged, deserved and received the highest commendation. Lieutenant William S. Beebe, of the ordnance department, and Mr. Young, of the engineer department, both volunteers, were conspicuous in the fight. Mr. Young was twice wounded, and died in New Orleans in July of the injuries received in this battle.

The attack on the rear of the enemy's position, covering the line of the enemy's retreat, failed in consequence of the difficulties

