
without delay. The only possible means of executing these peremptory orders had already been taken. General Hunter left on the 30th April, with dispatches to the lieutenant-general, giving a report of the condition of affairs; that the fleet could not pass the rapids; that there was no course for the army but to remain for tis protection; that the enemy would concentrate all his forces at that point by which the army and navy could be relieved and the forces of the enemy destroyed. Major-General McClernand, with the larger part of the forces recently at Matagorda Bay, which had been evacuated by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, dated March 31, arrived at Alexandria on the evening of the 29th of April. Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, left in command at Matagorda Bay, followed with the rest of the forces in Texas, except those n the Rio Grand, when the batteries of the enemy on the river near Marksville obstructed his passage. Not having sufficient force to dislodge the enemy, he seized Fort De Russy below the batteries, which he held until the passage of the fleet and army.

While engaged in the construction of the dam a dispatch was received from Major-General Halleck, dated April 30, as follows:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that orders heretofore given be so modified that no troops be withdrawn from operations against Shreveport and on Red River, and that operations there be continued under the officer in command until further orders.

This dispatch was not received until it was impossible to move either up or down the river from Alexandria. It was, of course, impracticable to execute these instructions.

Until the 4th of May communication with the Mississippi by the river was unobstructed. Lieutenant William Simpson, of my staff, left by the gun-boat Signal with dispatches for Lieutenant-General Grant, Admiral Farragut, General Sherman, and General Rosecrans. The gun-boat Covington, having in convoy the transport Warner, accompanied the Signal. We received news on the morning of the 6th of the destruction of the gun-boats and the transport. The enemy had established a battery near Marksville, supported by a large infantry force. Communication with the Mississippi was closed from this date. About 400 men of the Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers were on board the Warner. A part of them joined our troops below, and a portion of them pierced the lines of the enemy and returned to Alexandria; about 150 were captured. Lieutenant Simpson was captured, but destroyed his dispatches. The City Belle, on her way to Alexandria; about 150 were captured. Lieutenant Simpson was captured, but destroyed his dispatches. The City belle, on her way to Alexandria with 425 men of the One hundred and twentieth Ohio Volunteers, was captured by the enemy; 200 of the troops escaped. The fleet passed below Alexandria on the 13th of May.

The army on its march from Alexandria did not encounter the enemy in force until near the town of Mansura. He was driven through the town in the evening of the 14 [?] of May, and at daybreak next morning our advance encountered his cavalry on the prairie east of the town. He fell back with steady and sharp skirmishing across the prairie to a belt of woods, which he occupied. The enemy's position covered three roads diverging from Mansura to the Athcafalaya. He manifested a determination here to obstinately resist our passage. The engagement, which lasted several hours, was confined chiefly to the artillery until our troops got pos-

