
Under the general prize law the naval authorities upon their arrival at Alexandria commenced the capture of cotton on both sides of the river, extending their operations form 6 to 10 miles into the interior. Wagon trains were organized, cotton gins put in operation, and the business followed up with great vigor while the fleet lay at Alexandria. Some difficultly occurred with the marines, who insisted upon their right to pass the lines of the army, which was terminated by the advance of the army and navy to Grand Ecore.

I was informed by parties claiming property which had been taken by the naval authorities, to whom I referred them, that, upon application for relief, their property had been released to them by the commander of the fleet. The army did not enter into competition with the navy in the capture of this property.

In order to remove all the products of the country which might, under any circumstances, be used to aid the rebellion against the government, General Grover, in command of the post of Alexandria, and the quartermaster of that post, upon the departure of the army from Alexandria, were directed to collect such property as should remain there after its departure and transmit it to the quartermaster at New Orleans, who was instructed to turn it over to the officers of the Treasury, to be disposed of according to the orders of the Government and the laws of Congress. Notice was also given to the supervising agent to the Treasury at New Orlans that no trade would be allowed with that portion of the State until it should be completely and permanently occupied by the army. No person was allowed to accompany the army upon this expedition as reporter, or for any other purpose, without a distinct and written declaration that no trade by private parties or for personal purposes would be permitted under any circumstances, and that no property on private account would be transported by public or private vessels to New Orleans, but that all property sent to New Orleans would be consigned to the chief quartermaster, and by him turned over to the Treasury agent and held object to such claims and orders as should be approved by the Government at Washington. Previous to my departure from New Orleans, the chief quartermaster, Colonel S. B. Holabird, had been instructed that no privileges would be given to any party whatever, under any circumstances, to trade in, to dispose of, or to transport pirate property; that all the property that came down from that country, so far as the army was concerned, would be turned over to him, and by him to the proper Treasury officers. The same information was given to the Treasury agent. No permission was given to any person to accompany the army except upon these express conditions, and then only to such persons whose public positions seemed to be a full guarantee against the abuse of the privilege, and whose requests could not be properly refused. They were given to reporters of the public press and to prominent officers of states whose troops were in the field. Upon representations made by officers of the Treasury Department at Alexandria that there would be difficulty in receiving such property except under the Treasury regulations of the 26th of January, 1864, those regulations were officially promulgated for that purpose at Alexandria and at New Orleans. These orders were strictly enforced by all officers connected with or representing the army. There was no permission whatever given to any person to trade, to dispose of, or transport private property. No privilege of this kind was recognized under any circumstances. Every dollar's worth of property that came into the hands of the army during this campaign

