
year, and to an ordinary mind the whole thing would have appeared an utter impossibility. Leaving out his ability as an engineer, the credit he has conferred upon the country, he has saved to the Union a valuable fleet, worth nearly &amp;2,000,000 more; he has deprived the enemy of a triumph which would have emboldened them to carry on this war a year or two longer, for the intended departure of the army was a fixed fact, and there was nothing left for me to do in case that event occurred but destroy every part of the vessels, so that the rebels could make nothing of them. The highest honors the Government can bestow upon Colonel Bailey can never repay him for the service he has rendered the country.

To General Banks personally I am much indebted for the happy manner n which he forwarded this enterprise, giving it his whole attention night and day, scarcely sleeping while the work was going on, tending personally to see that all the requirements of Colonel Bailey were complied with on the instant. I do not believe there was ever a case where such difficulties were overcome in such a short space of time, and without any preparation.

I beg leave to mention the names of some of the persons engaged on this work, as I think that credit should be given to every man employed on it. I am unable to give the names of all, but sincerely trust that General Banks will do full justice to every officer engaged in the undertaking when he makes his report. I only regret that time did not enable me to get the names of all concerned. The following are the names of the most prominent persons: Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, acting military engineer, Nineteenth Army Corps, in charge of the work; Lieutenant-Colonel Pearsall, assistant; Colonel Dwight, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Kinsy, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Hubbard, Thirtieth Maine Volunteers; Major Sentell, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant Williamson, ordnance officer.

The following were a portion of the regiments employed: Twenty-ninth Maine, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Emarson; One hundred and sixteenth New York, commanded by Colonel George M. Love; One hundred and sixty-first New York, commanded by Captain Prentice; One hundred and thirty-third New York commanded by Colonel Currie. The Engineer regiment and officers of the Thirteenth Army Corps wee also employed.

I feel that I have done but feeble justice to the work or the persons engaged in it. Being severely indisposed, I feel myself unable to go into further detail. I trust some future historian will treat this matter as it deserves to be treated, because it is a subject in which the whole country should fell and interest, and the able men who succeeded so admirably in this arduous task should not lose one atom of credit so justly due them. The Mississippi Squadron will never forge the obligations it is under to Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, acting military engineer of the Nineteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

If this expedition has not been so successful as the country hoped for, it has exhibited the indomitable spirit of Eastern and Western men to overcome obstacles deemed by most people insurmountable. It has presented a new feature in the war, nothing like which, had ever been accomplished before.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

