
the intention of the officers connected with the late Red River fleet to present to Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey a memento in commemoration of the safe passage of the vessels; this will be sent to him at a proper time, and I hop he will receive it as a very small testimonial of the high appreciation they have of the service he rendered them and the crews on that occasion. Congratulating him on his promotion, so well deserved, and hoping that the brave officers and men associated with him will appreciate the kind feelings we shall ever entertain for them.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS., Numbers 9. New Orleans, La., June 22, 1864.

In communicating the desire of Rear-Admiral Porter to convey to the troops under the command of Major-General Banks the thanks of the Navy Department, for the assistance rendered the gun-boats of the Mississippi Squadron during the recent operations on Red River, the commanding general publishes, with great pleasure, the subjoined extract from a dispatch from the Secretary of the Navy to the commander of that squadron. To this he is authorized to add, on the part of the admiral and officers and men of his squadron, the expression of the kind feeling they will always entertain for the officers and men engaged in this work. Although applying specially to a part only of the troops in the division, the commanding general considers it proper to make the announcement general, believing that all the troops of this command will learn with pleasure that their comrades have rendered important aid to another branch of the service, will appreciate the kind feelings which have been expressed for them, and, like them, will always be ready to co-operate with zeal and energy in whatever tends to advance the interests of a cause in which we can have but one interest and one object.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 31, 1864.

* * * * * *

It is with no ordinary feelings of pleasure that the Department learns of the safe passage of this valuable squadron, threatened, as it was, with inevitable capture or destruction, and congratulates you and your command that the fleet which has borne such a conspicuous part in many of the great events of the war has been spared to the country for future usefulness and renown. You will tender the thanks of Department to the officers and men of the army, for the cheerful aid given you in this great emergency, without which the squadron would unavoidably have fallen into the hands of the rebels or been destroyed.

* * * * *

By command of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

