
quartermaster's department during the campaign, with the exception of the usual wear and tear and occasional death of animals consequent upon arduous marches, were those by capture at Sabine Cross-Roads. These losses were sustained principally by the cavalry division. In this division the assistant quartermasters responsible for property lost their books and papers, and were unable to give accurate lists of losses. I have succeeded, however, in arriving at a close approximation of the most important articles lost, with the exception of the cavalry horses. The following gives very nearly the losses of land transportation: One hundred and seventy-five army wagons, complete; 328 sets wheel harness, 584 sets lead harness, 920 mules, 81 horses, 11 ambulances and sets wheel harness. These teams when captured were variously loaded with commissary, quartermaster's and medical supplies, with officers' and soldiers' baggage, and none of the contents were ever recovered.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. G. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster,

Act. Chief Q. M. in the field, Red River Expedition.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Frank W. Marston, U. S. Signal Corps, Chief Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SIGNAL CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., May 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the Chief Signal Officer U. S. Army, a copy of reports of signal duty performed by officers of this department during the present campaign, with a correct transcript of messages sent and received. The services of the officers have been called in requisition whenever the nature of the country and the position of the troops have rendered them practicable. In action and on the march, when not employed in their legitimate duties, they have been zealous in performing such services as the emergency of the occasion demanded. Each and all of them have displayed a degree of personal courage, coolness, and sound judgment that prove them throroghly reliable under the most trying circumstances. They have all done well, but I would particularly mention the names of Captain William A. Pigman, acting signal officer, and Lieutenant A. B. Jerome, Signal Corps, U. S. Army. The former was severely wounded late in the action of the 8th ultimo, while encouraging the troops at a critical moment. He has received favorable mention in the report of the major-general commanding the Nineteenth Army Corps. I would respectfully recommend this officer for promotion, he having displayed on al occasions great personal bravery, sound judgment, and cheerful obedience to all orders. Lieutenant Jerome was on duty with Admiral Porter during the operations of the navy above Grand Ecore. While the gun-boats were engaging the enemy's guns and cavalry, he directed their fire from an exposed post within short range of the enemy's

16 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

