
musketry, receiving a slight wound. The enlisted men of this command have behaved well in every instance, and have my entire confidence in their steadiness under fire.

Since the retreat of the army to this place a line of signal stations has been established, connecting the headquarters of the department with the outposts and with the gun-boats in the river guarding our flanks. A number of official messages have been transmitted over this line, a copy of which accompanies this report. I neglected to mention that after our forces fell back to Grand Ecore I was called to New Orleans on duty. During my absence the command of the detachment devolved upon Lieutenant Jerome, who conducted the duties of the corps with great credit. There have been 5 officers detailed for temporary service in the corps, and have received orders to report to Captain Eaton, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, for examination. Our communications with New Orleans have been interrupted for some days, and I have received no notice of the result of their examination.

During this campaign I have had constant cause for regret that the instrument formerly known as the "signal telegraph" was no longer in our hands or in operation in the field. Many opportunities arose where its services would have been invaluable. I have laid these facts before the major-general commanding the department, with the request that if the American Telegraph Company did not intend to use the instruments they might be turned over temporarily to the signal corps.

The health of this command is good. Captain Eaton and Lieutenant Herbert are at present not fit for duty in the field. Captain Butterfield, lately promoted in his regiment, had notified me of his intention to leave the service on the 1st of June. I am in hopes that the officers lately detailed will prove efficient and repair the losses this detachment has recently sustained.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK, W. MARSTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the Gulf.

Captain H. S. TAFFT,

Signal Corps, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General EMORY,

Commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the signal party serving with your command: On the march from Alexandria, La., the party was ready at all times to render such services as might be required. From the nature of the country no communication could be had by means of signals, yet the officers of the party frequently rendered assistance by carrying orders and by performing other staff duties.

At the battle of Mansfield, on the 8th instant, also at the battle of Pleasant Hill, on the 9th instant, signaling was impracticable, on account of the dense growth of timber on the battle-ground. Although unable to afford any assistance by this means, the officers of the party eagerly availed themselves of the opportunity to render

