
aid by carrying orders and by rallying the troops when the lines began to waver or were broken by the overwhelming force of the enemy. During the whole time the command was engaged the party was exposed to the fire of the enemy, but evinced no desire to avoid danger when an opportunity offered to encourage the troops to stand by their colors and resist the advancing foe. During the battle of the 8th instant the men of this party showed, by remaining exposed to the enemy's fire, that they did not lack courage to perform their duty, even when it required their presence in the midst of dancer. No casualties occurred in the party, and it is at present in an excellent condition, and eager for active service.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. BAILEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer, Commanding Party.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT OF SIGNAL CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 26, 1864.

Lieutenant A. B. JEROME:

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 15, headquarters Signal Corp, New Orleans, April 11, 1864, I proceeded with my flagmen [and] signal equipments to Grand Ecore, La., and reported on the 16th to the chief signal officer, Department of the Gulf. April 20, I received Field Orders, Numbers 3, and reported on the 21st to General A. J. Smith, commanding Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps, at Natchitoches, La. General Smith's command moved on the 22nd, covering the retreat of the army from Grand Ecore. It was harassed by the enemy until it reached Alexandria, on the 25th, and fought them at Cloutierville and Cane River Crossing. By aid of signal glasses I was enabled, on several occasions, to discover important movements of the enemy, and reported the same, and acted as aide upon the field, bearing dispatches to different commands.

I was relieved from signal duty with the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps on 24th April, and reported to the signal officer at the headquarters of Major-General Banks. My flagmen were Sergeant Bailey and Privates Dix and Shoemaker.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. HALLETT,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, 19TH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 26, 1864.

Captain FRANK W. MARSTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my party during the engagement at Cane River Ferry on the 22nd [23rd] day of April, 1864: I crossed Cane River and opened communication between General Banks' headquarters and the point at which General Birge's column crossed the river to attack the enemy's

