
flank. This line became unnecessary as soon as the column had passed into the timber some distance, at which time I reported to headquarters for further orders. Lieutenant Jerome directed me to take a position as near as possible to the enemy's line and open communication with General Birge's left flank. I advanced under cover of the timber to a position, where I opened the desired communication, and then made every effort to ascertain General Birge's position, which I did in a short time and transmitted it by signals. While so doing our forces charged the enemy and drove them from their position. I then pushed forward to the hill from which they had been driven, as it was a fine point from which to communicate with the commanding general. I there found Lieutenants Harris and Higbie, who had established a line and were doing good service. The enemy at this time commenced retreating and our forces pushed forward to the ferry, after which a line of signal communication was deemed unnecessary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK A. IRVIN,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., April 30, 1864.

Captain FRANK W. MARSTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to report that, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 76, issued from headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, at Alexandria, La., March 26, 1864, I reported with my detachment to Brigadier-General Ransom, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps. March 28, General Ransom's command left camp near Alexandria, marching toward Shreveport, passing through and camping near Natchitoches, La., some four days.

On the 8th instant, at the battle of Mansfield, Lieutenant Higbie and myself performed general staff duty, the nature of the country being such as to render signaling of but little advantage. Lieutenant Higbie rendered very efficient service by going in advance of our line of skirmish, learning the movements and position of the enemy and reporting the same to the general. During the engagement his horse was shot from under him. After the battle of Mansfield, General Ransom having been severely wounded, General R. A. Cameron took command of the detachment Thirteenth Army Corps, the army marching back toward Alexandria. On the 9th instant, at the battle of Pleasant Hill, we performed general staff duties.

On the morning of the 23rd instant we left camp at a point some 3 miles southeast of Cloutiervile, La., and when within 2 miles of Cane River Crossing our advance guard discovered a battery of the enemy, situated upon a hill on the opposite side of the river. Artillery was immediately brought forward, when both sides opened, continuing nearly and hour with but little damage to either side. The enemy having the advantage in position, the commanding general directed General Birge, commanding detachment Nineteenth Army Corps and General Cameron, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps, to cross the river at a point some 3 or 4 miles above the

