
enemy's position and charge him on his left flank, which was immediately done, General Birge being in advance, supported by General Cameron. When near the enemy the lines were formed and General Birge charged upon and drove him from a most formidable position, with heavy loss on both sides, capturing some 12 or 15 prisoners. Being with the advance, I immediately opened communication by signals with Lieutenant A. B. Jerome, at Major-General Banks' headquarters, about 3 miles distant, on the opposite side of the river, transmitting a message from General Birge to the commanding general, announcing the result of the charge, and in return received a complimentary message from the general commanding to General Birge, ordering the pursuit of the enemy; after which, assisted by Lieutenant Higbie, transmitted and received several important official messages.

In the mean time the enemy made a stand on a hill in front of our station, it being about one-fourth mile distant, and when staff officers were running their horses to the rear for a position more secure, my flagman, Private Warren W. Palmer, stood at his post like a true and tried soldier, for which he deserves great credit.

On the night of the 25 instant we camped within 3 miles of Alexandria. On the 26th, opened a line of signals from General Cameron's headquarters to General Banks' headquarters; distance 3 miles. 27th, nothing of importance transpired. 28th, transmitted and received several important official messages. 29th and 30th, nothing doing on the line, the troops having moved near the town.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HARRIS,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Sig. Officer, Commanding Detach. 13th A. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HDQRS. SIGNAL CORPS, DEPT. OF THE GULF,May 1, 1864.

Captain FRANK W. MARSTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 5th of April I was, by Field Orders, Numbers 2, Signal Corps headquarters, Department of the Gulf, ordered to the flag-ship Cricket to report to Admiral Porter, commanding Mississippi Squadron. The expedition moved up the river until we raved [reached] a sunken steamer, which obstructed the channel. In returning we were constantly under fire from guerrillas and occasionally from considerable forces of the enemy. In one of the engagements I was slightly wounded. My men acted with the marines and were furnished with arms, acting as sharpshooters, and performed good service. No opportunity offered for signaling. On many occasions I directed the fire of artillery by aid of my glasses. I would respectfully call your attention to the gallant conduct of Privates Suydam and Hammond, who kept up a continued fire upon the enemy whenever occasion offered.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. JEROME,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

