
[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HDQRS. SIGNAL CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., May 1, 1864.

Captain FRANK W. MARSTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that during your absence the command of the detachment devolved upon me. Nothing of interest transpired until the morning of the 22nd of April, when the headquarters of department moved with the army toward Alexandria, La. General A. J. Smith having the command of the rear guard, I ordered First Lieutenant Hallett to report to him for signal duty. Lieutenant Irvin remained with Major-General Franklin, and Lieutenants Harris and Higbie with Brigadier-General Cameron, in command of Thirteenth Army Corps. Lieutenant Benner remained with me at headquarters of the department. Nothing of interest transpired, with the exception of continuous skirmishing in the rear. The nature of the country prevented any communication with Lieutenant Hallett until the advance reached Cane River. The enemy occupied a formidable position upon the hills commanding the crossing. General Cameron's forces forded the river some 2 miles above, in order to flank the position. His engineers then commenced bridging the river, in order to pass over artillery and ammunition. I established a station at once at the bridge, Lieutenant Irvin fording the river in order to ascertain General Birge's position and keeping communication open with my station at the bridge. Lieutenant Banner was posted in the center, observing the enemy, and performed good service, under a heavy fire of artillery. I then moved up with the general's headquarters, and shortly after saw a signal flag upon the hill, and answering it, received the following message:

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Birge's men took the hill about fifteen minutes ago, and are now pressing on. No signs of the enemy now in the front. Our loss is heavy. Colonel Fessended wounded.

C. S. SARGENT,

Aide-de-Camp.

This was from Lieutenants Harriw and Higbie and was the first information of the success of General Birge. Several messages of a complimentary character then passed, with others of importance, copies of which will be found attached to this report. The movements of the column attacking was entirely conducted by this line of signals, and the officers performed their duties under a heavy fire, unsupported, and with marked ability. The enemy did not further molest us, and the country was so densely wooded that signals could not be made until we reached Alexandria, La., on the 25th ultimo. The enlisted men of the detachment performed their duties efficiently throughout the march. Arriving at Alexandria, I immediately established a line of stations between the headquarters of the Thirteenth Army Corps and artillery and cavalry headquarters of the department. This line is still in operation, and many important messages are continually being transmitted. I have the honor to inclose the reports of Lieutenants Harris, Irvin, and Hallett.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. JEROME,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. A., Commanding Detachment.

---------------

*See pp. 243-245.

---------------

