
teenth Army Corps, for the purpose of building a dam across Red River, to bring down the gun-boats, which were held above the rapids by reason of the low stage of water. At the request of Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, Lieutenant-Colonel Pearsall, of the Fifth Engineers, and myself went with him to examine the rapids and fix upon a plan for a dam. Both Lieutenant-Colonel Pearsall and myself advised that two dams should be built, one at the upper and one at the lower falls, fearing that one dam would not stand the pressure. Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, however, decided to build only one dam, and accordingly the dam was commenced on the morning of the 30th of April. The Third Engineers were employed in collecting and hauling the necessary material, and the Fifth Engineers in constructing the dam. The regiments were divided into two reliefs, which relieved each other every six hours, working day and night. Both officers and men worked with untiring zeal and energy. On the morning of the 9th of May, when the dam was nearly completed, the center portion gave way, owing to the enormous pressure of the water. There was, however, water enough still left on the lower rapids to admit the passage of the gun-boats. Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey then decided to adopt the plan originally recommended by Lieutenant-Colonel Pearsall and myself of building a dam at the upper rapids. This was commenced on the afternoon of May 9, and on the 12th the water was raised sufficiently to admit the passage of all the gun-boats across the upper rapids, after which there was no further difficulty, and on the 13th the gun-boats were all below the lower rapids. I received orders May 13 from General Banks to march with the Nineteenth Army Corps on the Red River road.

On the 14th I was ordered to report with my command and the pontoon bridge to Brigadier-General Grover. I reported to him at 10 p.m., near Scraggy Point, on Red River, about 24 miles below Alexandria. From this point there had formerly been a road leading to Marksville, but it had not been used for a long time as a wagon road. I was ordered by General Grover to move forward on the following morning with a sufficient force to repair the road to Bayou Choctaw (4 miles distant), and to lay the pontoon bridge across the bayou. Upon examination I found that the road was not practicable for the trains of the army until repaired. I therefore ordered the Third Engineers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Harmount, to repair this road without delay, which was fully accomplished by 12 m. In the mean time I went forward to Bayou Choctaw with the pontoon bridge, in charge of Captain Smith, and two companies of the Fifth Engineers, in charge of Captain Morrison. This stream is narrow but deep, with very high banks. The bridge was laid and the approaches completed at 10 a.m., though the train did not arrive until 12 m. I left one company of the Third Engineers, under Captain Chamberlain, with orders to remain at the bridge until all the troops and trains had crossed, and then to take up the bridge and join me as soon as possible, which he did on the following morning at 4 a.m., having marched all night.

On arriving at Marksville (May 16) the enemy was found to be in force in our front, and indicating a desire to give battle. I formed my command in line of battle about 7 a.m., and took a position on the left of General Grover's command, and marched in this way until about 11 a.m., when the enemy was repulsed. The fighting was all done by the cavalry and artillery, so my troops were not engaged. Upon my arrival at Bayou De Glaize (about 10 p.m.) I

