
Engineers, for efficiency in the management of the engineer train. He died June 3, from disease contracted during the campaign.

Where all do well it is difficult to specify individual cases, but I think I should not be doing justice to a worthy and deserving officer if I did not make further mention of the services of Lieutenant Colonel U. B. Pearsall, of the Fifth Engineers, Corps d'Afrique. Throughout the whole campaign he labored with unceasing toil and devotion. The plan for building two dams across Red River, which from necessity was finally adopted, was originally proposed by him, and the success of the dam was, in my opinion, mainly due to his efforts. He labored day and night, almost without rest, and seeming to know nothing of fatigue. If the thanks of Congress are due to any one for the final success of this dam I believe they are due to him as much as to any one else. In conclusion, I would say that the organization of colored engineers is regarded as a complete success by all who have witnessed their operations. The credit of this is due to yourself, who have labored hard to bring them into their present state of efficiency, and I hope that Congress will soon make some substantial acknowledgment of your services in this department.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. D. ROBINSON,

Colonel Third Engs., Corps d'Afrique, Commanding Eng. Brigadier

Major D. C. HOUSTON,

Chief Engineers, Department of the Gulf.

No. 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Uri B. Pearsall, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Troops.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 1, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with the request of the major-general commanding the department, I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the construction of the dam across Red River in the month of May last. I was in command of the Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry (formerly the Fifth Engineers, Corps d'Afrique) during the whole of the Red River campaign, my regiment forming a part of the engineer troops commanded by Colonel George D. Robinson.

On the 29th of April this force was ordered to report to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, then acting engineer Nineteenth Army Corps, for the purpose of constructing the dam above referred to. At the request of Colonel Bailey, Colonel Robinson and myself accompanied him to select the place for building the dam. After a thorough examination of the falls, Colonel Robinson and myself were of the opinion that two dams were necessary-one at the foot of the upper and the other at the foot of the lower falls. Colonel Bailey, however, decided that one would be sufficient, and accordingly we jointly selected the point at which the main dam was located.

On the morning of the 30th of April the troops selected for this duty were moved to convenient points near the dam and the work began at once. The force on the right bank consisted of the Ninety-seventh and Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, under command of Colonel George D. Robinson, of the former regiment, and a detail of

