
great praise is due. In regard to any other efforts put forth by them I must say that none other were observed by me, and it seems incredible that much could have been done by them in my absence. I slept but twenty-nine hours during those twelve eventful days. My meals were almost invariably brought to me; therefore my presence was almost constant.

It may be said that the navy loaned ropes, made bolts, &amp;c., but in so doing they performed the duties of the quartermaster's department only; while on the other hand, there is much in this report showing that they caused a delay of six hours at the most critical point of our operations, whereas if no delay had occurred in the building of the bracket dam that saved seven of their best iron-clads, the army could have moved a day sooner from Alexandria. These facts can be substantiated by many officers besides myself, and the impartial historian will [not], neither could, with propriety make any other record than that the army of General Banks saved the fleet of Admiral Porter.

In conclusion, I would beg leave to state that the project of building a dam across Red River, although difficult, could never have been pronounced impracticable by any men who followed a similar avocation in civil life. The bottom and shores being so extremely favorable, and official reports having been promulgated by the naval authorities asserting that Colonel Bailey was the only man in the army who believed the plan practicable, that he was the originator of it, &c. I deem it my sacred duty to refute such assertions so far as they concern myself, having waited three months to see it contradicted by others. The major-general commanding the department will recollect of my assurances to him in this respect ere the work had fairly begun. It can also be proved that it was pronounced feasible by me while at Grand Ecore. These statements are made in self-defense, without doubting that the credit justly belongs to others; yet were such statements substantiated against an officer like myself, after ten years of practical experience in building dams on the most difficult rivers in the country, it would be deemed sufficient evidence by me of my utter incompetency to hold my present position.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. B. PEARSALL,

Lieutenant Colonel Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Reports of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding the Nineteenth and detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations April 6-25.
HDQRS. 19TH CORPS AND DETACH. 13TH CORPS,Grand Ecore, April 14, 1864.

MAJOR: I make the following report of the operations of the troops under my command from the date of their leaving Natchitoches until their arrival at this place: The cavalry force, under Brigadier-General Lee, the detachment of the Thirteenth Corps, under Brigadier-General Ransom, and the division of the Nineteenth Corps, under Brigadier-General Emory, left Natchitoches on Wednesday, the 6th

