HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES WESTERN LA.,Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the follow brief report of the march of the troops of this command from Grand Ecore to this place:

The march was commenced at 5 p.m. on Thursday. April 21, and in the order prescribed by General Orders, No. 39, headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, &amp;c., Grand Ecore, April 21, 1864. Colonel Gooding's brigade of cavalry preceded the column; that commanded by Colonel Davis flanked it on the right bank of Cane River, and that of Colonel Lucas acted as rear guard. The road taken crossed Cane River 2 miles below Grand Ecore, and followed the left bank of that stream of Monett's Ferry. The crossing of the trains was completed at 1.30 o'clock on the morning of Friday, the 22nd, and the rear of the column which marched from Grand Ecore was crossed in little more than an hour from that time. The command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, with Lucas' cavalry, marching from Natchitoches, crossed Cane River at that place, and fell in rear of the column at about 5 a.m. From this time the march was pursued in good order and without interruption or incident, except slight skirmishing with the rear guard, until 3 p.m. of the same day, when word was received from Brigadier-General Smith that his troops were in line of battle and that the enemy was pressing him heavily. Upon this the remaining troops in rear of the trains (the commands of Brigadier-Generals Emory and Cameron) were formed in line, but the attack on the rear not proving formidable, the march in column was resumed at about 4 p.m. At 9 p.m. the column was halted for the night, the rear resting near Cloutierville, and Colonel Gooding's cavalry and the infantry under Brigadier-General Birge having reached Monett's Ferry, where the enemy was found to be posted, with artillery, on the south bank of the river in a strong position to dispute the crossing. Brigadier-General Birge had received orders to press rapidly forward to the ferry, and if possible to seize the crossing that night. This he was unable to do on account of the strong position of the enemy and the fatigue of his own troops, who had marched 35 miles in twenty-four hours.

At daylight on the morning of Saturday, the 23rd, the commands of Brigadier-Generals Emory and Cameron continued their march to the ferry, when, pursuant to orders from these headquarters, Brigadier-General Emory assumed command of the troops and movements at the crossing. A battery of the enemy's artillery was found to be posted on a high wooded crest on the opposite bank, and in a sharp bend of the stream 1 /2 miles above the ferry. To dislodge him from this position Brigadier-General Birge was sent will his command, consisting of his own brigade and the Third Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Corps, supported by Brigadier-General Cameron and his command, to cross Cane River 2 miles above the enemy's position and to turn his flank. This task was ably performed. General Birge carried the crest by a charge, after a sharp fight, and continued his progress toward the bluff at the crossing, where before this time the enemy had disclosed seven or eight pieces of artillery in position fully commanding the ferry and the whole open plain on the north side. From this position also the enemy was driven by the troops under General Birge, aided by the effective fire from five pieces of artillery under command of Captain Closson, chief of artillery Nineteenth Corps, planted in the edge of the woods

