
I immediately sent Colonel W. J. Landram, commanding Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, the following order:
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pleasant Hill, La., April 7, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Colonel W. J. LANDRAM,

Commanding Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In obedience to the inclosed order, you will move at 3 a.m. to-morrow with the First Brigade of your division, and report to General Lee, 8 miles in front, at daylight or as soon thereafter as practicable.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

C. E. DICKEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel Landram moved with the First Brigade of his division and reported to General Lee at daylight on the 8th. Under orders from Major-General Franklin, I moved the remainder of the corps forward at 5.30 a.m., and arrived with the advance at Saint Patrick's Bayou, 10 miles, at 10.30 a.m., our march having as before, been retarded by the cavalry train. General Franklin had previously designated this creek as my camping-ground, and I accordingly ordered the Third Division and the Second Brigade of the Fourth Division into camp at 10.45 a.m. Before the order had been complied with a request was received from General Lee for more infantry to relieve that already with him, and General Franklin directed me to send forward the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Colonel J. W. Vance commanding, to relieve the First Brigade, who were reported as worn out with hard skirmishing and marching. The Second Brigade moved forward at 11 a.m., and, at my request, General Franklin authorized me to go to the front and see that the First Brigade was relieved by the Second. I immediately went forward, and on the road received a dispatch, of which the following is a copy:

12 NOON.

General RANSOM:

My men have skirmished and marched through the bushes and thickets for 8 or 9 miles, making in all a march of 15 or 16 miles. They have no water, and are literally worn out. Can you have them relieved soon? General Lee insists on pushing ahead.

W. J. LANDRAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

The infantry finding much difficulty in passing the cavalry train, which obstructed the road, I went on in advance of them, and arrived at the front, 5 1/2 miles from Saint Patrick's Bayou, about 1.30 p.m. I found that our forces had just driven the enemy across an open field, and were shelling him from a fine position on a ridge, which Colonel Landram occupied with his infantry and Nims' battery about 2 p.m. It was determined to halt here in order to allow the Second Brigade to come up and relieve the First. In company with Brigadier-General Stone and Lieutenant Higbie, signal officer, I went to the front of the line of skirmishers and carefully reconnoitered the position of the enemy. We were able to perceive two batteries and a large force of infantry in line of battle in the edge of the woods, from one-half to three-fourths of a mile to our front, and also considerable bodies of infantry moving down the road leading to our right and rear.

Hearing of the arrival of Major-General Banks and staff upon the field, about 3 p.m. I reported to him and advised him of the position

