
general, to order Colonel Landram to withdraw his division to the edge of the timber in our rear. Captain Dickey was to send aides to the different regiments to give them the orders direct in case he should not find Colonel Landram, but while in the performance of this duty this gallant officer fell senseless from his horse, mortally wounded. Owing to the loss of Captain Dickey before he had communicated my orders, some of the regiments did not receive them till they were surrounded and their retreat cut off while they were gallantly fighting a superior force in front. In company with Colonel Landram, I was, as the troops arrived, reforming the line in the edge of the woods, when I was severely wounded in the knee and carried to the rear. I found the woods and road filled with mounted men, flying in confusion from the field.

I desire here to bear witness to the gallantry of Brigadier-General Stone, who was on the left of the line with General Lee. He used the small force of infantry to the best advantage in bravely but unsuccessfully endeavoring to repulse the overwhelming force of the enemy. Colonel Landram, commanding Fourth Division, was conspicuous and everywhere present encouraging all by his own gallant conduct and judicious dispositions of his men. His efforts were ably seconded by Colonel Vance, Ninety-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, who was killed, and by Colonel Emerson, of the Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, who was wounded and taken prisoner. I was an eye-witness of the bravery and soldier bearing of Lieutenant-Colonel and Major Man, of the Nineteenth Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin, Eighty-third Ohio, Major Bering, Forty-eight Ohio, Major Reid, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois, and know the gallantry with which their men repulsed the enemy in his first attack. The Twenty-third Wisconsin, Major Greene commanding, Sixty-seventh Indiana, Major Sears commanding, and the Seventy-seventh Illinois, Major Burdett commanding, are reported to me by Generals Stone and Lee to have acted nobly, meeting steadily the assaults of a very superior force of the enemy. I desire here to thank the officers of my staff, Dr. J. S. McGrew, surgeon-in-chief, Captain Buel, aide-de-camp, Captain P. H. White, chief of artillery, Lieutenant Tredway, aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Davis, aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Richardson, acting inspector-general, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, assistant quartermaster, all of whom performed their whole duty and rendered me valuable assistance. Lieutenants Higbie and Harris, signal officers, Captain Vilas and Lieutenants Ayres and Landram, of Colonel Landram's staff, were also distinguished for praiseworthy conduct.

The Chicago Mercantile Battery, Lieutenant Cone commanding, and the First Indiana Battery, Captain Klauss commanding, went promptly into action and behaved with gallantry. When the second line was broken, notwithstanding their great loss in men and horses, they would have brought off their guns in safety had it not been that our line of retreat was blocked up by the train of the cavalry. Captain White, chief of artillery, was in this battle, as in all others, distinguished for coolness and excellent judgment. He was captured with Lieutenant Cone while endeavoring to save the battery. I regret to find it my duty to record the disgraceful conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Lindsey, of the Forty-eighth Ohio Infantry, whom I saw at some distance in the rear of his regiment lying behind a fallen tree, while his veteran regiment was in the thickest of the fight under the lamented Major Bering. The conduct of the troops

