
under my command was all that I could ask. They repulsed a superior force in their front, and but for the movement of a large body of the enemy upon our left flank, which could not be prevented, by the force at our command, would have held the first line, and with the assistance of General Cameron's (Third) division could have checked the enemy till the arrival of the Nineteenth Corps.

Soon after I was wounded General Cameron arrived with the Third Division, and took command of the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps. For further details of the battle and for the particulars of the casualties you are respectfully referred to his report and that of Colonel Landram. My thanks are due to both of these distinguished officers for the valuable assistance and hearty co-operation in my plans which they uniformly rendered me while under my command, and for the able manner in which they conducted the affairs of their respective divisions in camp, on the march, and in battle.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 9. Reports of Brigadier General Robert A. Cameron, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division and detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations April 6-23.

CAMP OF DETACHMENT THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Grand Ecore, La., April 11, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you, in reply to your communication of the 10th, asking for a report of the orders governing my movements on the 9th instant:

At 11 a.m. I was instructed by Major-General Franklin to take a road leading to Crump's Hill by a detour of 2 miles, following and covering a large wagon train. I moved at 12 m., and at 2 p.m. was about 2 1/2 miles on the road, when I received a verbal order from some person, to me unknown, from your headquarters, directing me to watch and protect our left flank and carefully cover the train, and for that purpose to halt until the train had advanced out of the way of danger. At 5 o'clock I was 4 1/2 miles from Pleasant Hill, but received no orders, although I could distinctly hear the firing of musketry. I received no orders during the remainder of the day except a note from General Lee, at 2 a.m. of the 10th, a copy of which I inclose.*

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Detach. 13th Army Corps.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf.

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

