
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 11, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major Lieber, judge-advocate of the Department of the Gulf, the officer who carried verbal instructions from these headquarters to Brigadier-General Cameron.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Mr. Le Duc, volunteer aide-de-camp, desiring statement of any information he may have on the subject of General Cameron's movements.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major von Herrmann and Lieutenants Sargent and Simpson.)

ADDENDA.

(No. 1.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Camp near Grand Ecore, April 11, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE, Asst. Adjt. General:

MAJOR: The report of Brigadier-General Cameron in regard to the instructions he received on the 9th instant having been referred to me, I have the honor to submit the following: In obedience to orders received from Brigadier-General Stone on the afternoon of that day (I think about 2 o'clock), I rode out on the road leading from Pleasant Hill to (I believe) Crump's Hill, on which General Cameron was then marching, overtook him when, in person, about a half of a mile, possibly three-quarters of a mile, from the brick house on the edge of the clearing, near which the major-general commanding was then stationed, and communicated to him the following instructions: I said in substance precisely as follows, and as nearly as I remember in these words: "General Cameron, General Stone directs that you march your command out on this road until the rear of your column shall have passed the brick house about half of a mile; that you there halt your command and place it so as best to protect the left flank of our army." General Cameron then informed me that there was a branch road of the Fort Jesup road leading into that about 4 miles farther out, and asked me whether he had not best march his command to that point. I informed him that I had no instructions upon that point, and he said that he would halt, as directed, but wished me to report the fact to General Stone. He then wished to know how long he was to remain there. I told him that neither had I any instructions upon that point, but presumed that he would be relieved by further orders, and that I would report upon this also to General Stone. I met General Stone on my way back and reported. I believe my report then will agree exactly with this statement. I am utterly at a loss to conceive how General Cameron could have understood me to say

