
anything about protecting the train. I said nothing whatever about the train, nor anything that could have been construed as relating to it. The above were the only subjects referred to in the conversation, and comprised the instructions I received.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Major, Judge-Advocate.

(No. 2.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, April 11, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you, in reply to your communication of this date, asking information on General Cameron's movements, the following particulars: I was sent to find General Cameron at about 12 noon on the 9th instant, to tell him to send a line of skirmishers in his front, and send news to Major-General Banks frequently as to his position and proceedings. I went about 1 1/2 miles on a road to the left, where I met pickets and vedettes, who did not know where General Cameron was. I met a commissioned officer, to me unknown, who told me, on inquiring that he had seen General Cameron moving on the right and in the rear of where we were. I reported the same to General Banks, who told me to go and tell it to General Stone, who was in the center of the field. After telling him he told me to go with him. We went about 1 mile, when we met with Major Lieber, who reported to General Stone about General Cameron. Then we returned to the field. I was sent again at 5.30 in the afternoon (as we began to drive the enemy away from us) to go to General Cameron and give him orders to advance his forces on the left so as to flank the enemy. I went to the left, and at about a quarter of a mile from Major-General Banks, at the edge of the wood, I met Colonel Wilson and asked him if he had seen General Cameron or any if his forces. He replied that he had seen no force whatever there, and he remarked that I had been ordered to find him some time before. I told the colonel it was five or six hours since I had reported from that first expedition, and also that we were driving the enemy. I then went farther in the direction where General Stone and myself had met Major Lieber, and found three pieces of the Vermont battery in the rear of the left. I asked them who was on their left, and the lieutenant told me there was no force whatever there. I went farther, and as I could find nothing of General Cameron I came and reported to General Banks that I could not find General Cameron. By this time everything was quiet on the left, and we were repulsing the enemy on the front and the right lively.

ALPHONSE LE DUC,

Volunteer Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Banks.

(No. 3.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, April 12, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to state that, on the 9th of April, about 5 p.m., just when successful bayonet

