
charge made by General Mower's brigade had commenced, I was ordered by the general commanding to proceed to Brigadier-General Cameron, with the major-general's order to the effect "that he should march his brigade to the front to support our left wing, engaged in action."

I went off and rode southward of those two brick houses near which the general commanding had been staying during the greater part of the day, toward the road which runs in a direction parallel with the main road, and which I knew General Cameron had been ordered to protect. I could not see any infantry nor the general himself. The cavalry officers I inquired of told me the general had "already gone." I was about to inquire further as First Lieutenant Sargent appeared with orders to repeat the message. His horse being faster than mine he undertook to find the general, and I returned to the battle-field to report to the general commanding. Lieutenant Sargent returned very soon after me, if not at the same time, but I do not know whether he had succeeded in finding the general or not.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. VON HERRMANN,

Major, Aide-de-Camp.

(No. 4.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to submit the following statement: Late in the afternoon of the 9th instant (the exact hour I cannot tell) I received verbal instructions from the major-general commanding to go and hurry up the detachments of the Thirteenth Corps, under command of Brigadier-General Cameron. I understood that General Cameron was on the Crump's Hill road, just beyond the red brick house. At this time Major von Herrmann and Lieutenant Simpson had both been sent to order up General Cameron. I met Major von Herrmann near the red brick house, who informed me that he could find nothing of General Cameron on the Crump's Hill road, but that it had been reported to him that he had already marched his command to the extreme left flank of our line, and was at that time engaged with the enemy. I at once reported this to the commanding general, who directed me to ride to the front and find out where General Cameron's command was. I did so, accompanying Brigadier-General Stone, who was riding to the front at the same time. Several officers and soldiers reported to us that they belonged to the Thirteenth Army Corps, and by direction of General Stone I reported that General Cameron's command was engaged with the enemy on our left. I have nothing further to report on that subject.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your obedient servant,

C. S. SARGENT,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

