
of the Fourth Division and the loss of nearly all of my ambulances, filled as they were with wounded, increased the confusion. We rallied about one-half mile behind the Nineteenth Army Corps, and General Ransom being wounded, I took command of both divisions and collected about 800 men. I had just supplied my men with ammunition when I was ordered to fall back to Pleasant Hill in charge of the train, where I arrived at 8 o'clock next morning.

The loss in my division was 314 killed, wounded, and missing. Among those reported killed is Lieutenant-Colonel Flory, commanding First Brigade. Among the wounded are Colonel Connell, Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, left arm amputated; and Captain Dimmitt, acting assistant inspector-general, of my staff who had his left thigh broken. Both are in the hands of the enemy. One of my orderlies bearing the division flag was wounded in the shoulder by the discharge of a spherical case, and another had a horse shot under him. So far as I know, every officer did his whole duty, and I am every way satisfied with the conduct of the men. They did all that could be expected of them, crushed and overwhelmed as they were by vastly superior numbers. My staff-Captain Mohr, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Dimmitt, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant H. H. Hyatt, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Dougherty, First Infantry, assistant commissary of musters-bravely and fearlessly supported me, carrying orders, under a terrific fire, to every point indicated.

On the morning of the 9th, at 11 o'clock, I received verbal instructions from Major-General Franklin, commanding, to move the detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps on a circuitous route and to protect a large train which should proceed in advance of me to Crump's Hill and toward Grand Ecore. I started about 12 m., and at 2 p.m. I received orders from some person to me now unknown, purporting to come from General Stone or Major-General Banks, I have forgotten which, that I must watch and protect our left flank and carefully guard the train, and for that purpose halt until it had advanced out of the way of danger. At 5 o'clock I was about 4 1/2 miles from Pleasant Hill, and could distinctly hear the musketry firing of the engagement of Saturday. I received no other orders, those sent me having miscarried. Had I received the orders sent I think I could have carried at least 2,000 armed men into the fight and added very much to the enemy's rout that day, and greatly gratified the feelings of the men of my command, suffering as they were from the mortification of their previous discomfiture. I arrived at Crump's Hill about 2.30 a.m. of the 10th, and rested for three hours, when I moved on to Mayou Bayou, 7 miles. On the 11th I left Mayou Bayou at 4 a.m., and arrived at this place at 10 a.m.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

CAMP OF DETACHMENT THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Alexandria, La., April 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of orders from Brigadier-General Emory, commanding U. S. forces in the

---------------

* Lieutenant-Colonel Flory was wounded, not killed.

---------------

