
action of Budd's Ferry or Monett's Crossing of Cane River, on the 23rd instant, that I crossed the river by fording on the morning of the 23rd in the rear of Brigadier-General Birge's forces, and followed and supported him during his movements on the enemy's left flank. The movement, as you are aware, was eminently successful, driving the enemy from his position and enabling us to seize the ferry. My command, acting only as a support, was not seriously engaged, but they evinced a zeal and willingness highly pleasing and satisfactory to me. It may not be amiss for me to state that Brigadier-General Birge and staff displayed a great amount of courage, of which I was personally cognizant.

I also desire to add my testimony to the gallant conduct of Colonel Fessenden and his command, the Third Brigade, First Division, of the Nineteenth Army Corps. This brigade fought splendidly, charging the enemy up the side of a steep hill and driving them from a most formidable position with, it is true, a very severe loss.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 10. Reports of Brigadier General Michael K. Lawler, U. S. Army, commanding detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations May 1-22.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Maddox's House, May 2, 1864-10 p.m.

GENERAL: The troops of this corps, with the command of General Mower, are encamped in two lines two lines about 2 miles from our entrenched camp, facing to the west, with one regiment on the north side of Bayou Rapides. We have skirmished all the afternoon without sustaining loss. The enemy gave away readily so long as we advanced. Our farthest advance was about 5 miles from Alexandria, at 4 p.m. Your dispatch received at that hour caused us to retire to this position. I do not think it would be prudent to advance to-morrow with the troops of the Thirteenth Corps alone. Your dispatch directs that General Mower shall retire to his former position. I shall therefore await your orders for to-morrow's movement. Although the enemy did not resist stubbornly to-day, he showed an extensive line of pickets, mostly cavalry. Some of my officers who were with the skirmishers saw infantry also. Just before sundown, as we were withdrawing, they opened three field guns, but retired them after half a dozen shots from our battery. I have not felt justified under my instructions in pushing forward so rapidly as I might otherwise have done. From the extent of the enemy's pickets I am satisfied he has a force of respectable dimensions not far out. An engagement would attend our determined advance. If allowed to give substantial battle I should be willing to go forward to-morrow with the same force I have had to-day. At the same time a

