
regiment or two of cavalry to examine the country on our left would be of the greatest service; indeed, some cavalry on that flank is indispensable to a safe advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 7, 1864-11 a.m.

GENERAL: I am now at Twelve-Mile Bridge. The enemy heretofore in our front have divided, part crossing the bridge, the rest going south through the pine woods. I shall cross the bridge presently and move up the island. A lady living near here, whose husband is in the U. S. service, reports that Taylor, Steele, and Price are at McNutt's Hill. The rebels are driving all the stock before them as they retire. We have passed some corn. I have ordered Captain Haskell to bring up 10,000 field rations to-morrow. The same wagons can be loaded with forage for the return. No cavalry has reported to us. I understand from Lieutenant Sargent, now here, that 300 were ordered to report yesterday. I need them very much. Captain Haskell has instructions to ask for a cavalry escort for his subsistence train in the morning. I earnestly request a small force sent with him.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT THIRTEENTH CORPS,New Texas Landing, La., May 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of this detachment of the Thirteenth Corps since May 1, on which day Major-General McClernard, in consequence of severe illness, transferred the command to me: The detachment, composed of the Third Division, Brigadier-General Cameron commanding; the Fourth Division; Colonel W. J. Landram; the Second Brigade, First Division, Colonel James Keigwin, was posted as follows: The Third and Fourth Divisions occupied the entrenched line opposite the sugar-house, the right resting on Bayou Rapides, and Keigwin's brigade the line of Woody Bayou, three-fourths of a mile advanced. On the 2nd day of May, with Keigwin's brigade and Cameron's division, I moved out on the Shreveport road, under orders to advance 12 miles. The enemy confronted me, apparently in force, 2 miles beyond Winn's, and as my instructions forbade a general engagement, after some slight skirmishing, I withdrew to Winn's plantation, and bringing up the Fourth Division encamped there my whole command. May 5, in accordance with orders from department headquarters, directing that the force of the enemy which had been demonstrating in our front should be driven back to beyond Graham's plantation, I moved with Keigwin's brigade and Cameron's division and drove the enemy beyond the point designated, with a loss to them of 8 killed, 20

