
orders to send one division, to the front. Cameron's division moved accordingly, and by your direction marched on the left of the road and opposite the head of the train during the day. Leaving Moore's division to protect the rear, I moved with Keigwin's brigade to the front and right of our line to the support of Brigadier-General Smith's command, but upon reaching the position designated the enemy had already withdrawn, and I resumed my usual position on the flank and rear of the train. We marched at intervals all day and night, halting at Bayou De Glaize two hours, on the morning of the 17th, for breakfast. Here orders were again received changing the order of march, placing my command in the center and Smith's in the rear. Moving at sunrise, we passed General Smith's troops in camp at Callahan's plantation. Arrived at Yellow Bayou at 2 p.m., crossed our troops with the train, and went into camp within 2 miles of Simsport by sundown. The enemy made a slight demonstration on our train during the day, and even charged in small force Colonel Dickey's brigade, of the Corps d'Afrique, but were promptly repulsed by these troops. I disposed my command along the right flank of the train, and, save an occasional shot, received no further annoyance. The cavalry, I believe, were engaged in a sharp contest with the foe, and did not get off without loss.

May 18.-The troops remained in camp on De Glaize Bayou, with the exception of Keigwin's brigade, which was sent across Yellow Bayou late in the afternoon to the support of Smith's command, a portion of which had been successfully engaging the enemy during the greater portion of the day. Keigwin, however, did not arrive in time to participate in the fighting, and was withdrawn on the following morning. Orders were received from department headquarters to hold my command in readiness to cross the Atchafalaya River on transports after the Nineteenth Corps, but on the morning of the 19th instant instructions were received delaying the crossing of the troops for that day, and directing me, in conjunction with the cavalry forces of General Arnold, to cross Yellow Bayou at the dike, 3 miles below Simsport, and attempt to gain the flank and rear of the enemy by marching to the Cut-Off road. Arriving at the dike, orders were received countermanding the movement unless the enemy should attack General Smith's troops. They did not do so, and in the afternoon the corps was withdrawn, and camped for the night in the rear of Simsport. Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, being my senior, assumed command of the corps on this day, but retained it only until the day following . In the mean time the troops and trains of the army were safely crossed on the bridge of boats. Just before the receipt of marching orders the command of the corps was again transferred to me. Moving at 7 o'clock, we marched all night, and arrived at Red River Landing by 6 in the morning of the 21st, when the troops were halted for breakfast. The march was continued without interruption from the enemy during the day. The trains were parked, and the troops camped on the banks of the Mississippi by 9 p.m. Resuming the march the next morning, 22nd instant, we arrived by 1 p.m., and went into camp at New Texas Landing, the end of our tedious and fatiguing march. On the march from Alexandria to this place not a man was lost in the detachment, either killed, wounded, or by straggling.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT, Chief of Staff.

