
No. 11. Itinerary of the Artillery Brigade, Thirteenth Army Corps, for months of March, April, and May.*

March 5.-Headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps removed from New Orleans to Matagorda Island, Tex. Major A. Schwartz assumed command of the Artillery Brigade, having been appointed chief of artillery and ordnance of the corps.

March 24.-Battery E, Second Illinois Light Artillery, returned to Baton Rouge. The Second Ohio Battery, Battery A, First Missouri Light Artillery, First Indiana Battery, and Chicago Mercantile Battery were with General Banks's expedition on Red River.

April 18.-Headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps removed from Matagorda Island, Tex., to Alexandria, La., arriving there April 25.

April 23.-The First Wisconsin Battery removed from New Orleans up Red River to Alexandria. The Chicago Mercantile Battery was engaged on the 8th at Sabine Cross-Roads. Lost all their materials, 4 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men; now in New Orleans doing duty as infantry. The First Indiana Battery was also engaged at Sabine Cross-Roads. Lost 4 guns, some horses, and 2 men. The Second Ohio, First Wisconsin, Battery A, First Missouri Light Artillery, and First Indiana Battery are still with the expedition on Red River.

May.-The First Wisconsin, Second Ohio, Battery A, First Missouri Light Artillery, and First Indiana Battery marched with the army under General Banks from Alexandria to Simsport and thence to Morganza, and had several skirmishers with the enemy. Battery E, Second Illinois Light Artillery, has been on a reconnaissance under Colonel Sheldon, and had a slight skirmish with the enemy near Baton Rouge.

No. 12. Report of Lieutenant Henry Roe, Chicago (Illinois) Mercantile Battery, of operations March 15-April 8.

CAMP CHICAGO MERCANTILE BATTERY,

Grand Ecore, La., April 17, 1864.

SIR: Below please find history of the operations of my command since leaving Franklin, La., as per your orders of April 17, 1864:

March 15, moved from Franklin, La., joining the Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps. March 16, moved from Franklin at 6 a.m., marching 18 miles. March 17, moved camp at 7 a.m., going into camp at Camp Pratt, marching 18 miles. March 18, moved from Camp Pratt at 6 a.m., marching 18 miles, going into camp on Vermillion Bayou. March 19, moved from Vermillion Bayou at 7 a.m., marching 18 miles, going into camp on Carrion Crow Bayou. March 20, moved from Carrion Crow Bayou 6 a.m., marching 15 miles, going into camp near Washington. March 21, remained in camp. March 22, moved from Washington at 6 a.m., marching 18 miles, going into camp at Bayou Boeuf. March 23, moved from Bayou

---------------

* From monthly returns.

---------------

