
and the enemy in heavy numbers pursuing again forced them to fall back. The Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, which had already suffered severely from the fire of the enemy advancing through the field, fell back in good order about 50 yards in order to clear its flanks from the enemy, changing front slightly toward the enemy on the right, who now advanced slowly but firing rapidly, they supposing, I think, that the Twenty-ninth formed part of a fresh line, as its was impossible to see but a short distance through the thicket. The enemy which had advanced across the open field now arrived close upon our left flank, delivering a heavy fire, driving back the skirmishers, which had been left along the fence to hinder their progress. The few troops now left, numbering not more than 100 men, fell back in tolerably order to get out of the terrible cross-fire they were receiving.

Many of our men had expended their ammunition, and it appeared as though we were completely surrounded and cut off. We, however, succeeded again in forming a line with about 40 men in the road near where the first line of battle was formed, fronted slightly to the right, the flanks resting in the brush on either side, intending (although many of our guns were empty and ammunition gone) to deceive the enemy with the idea that the long-expected re-enforcements had arrived. To this end the skeleton regiment gave three cheers for Vicksburg, immediately delivering its fire upon the enemy, whose line was advanced within a few yards. We were, however, immediately attacked on our left flank by a portion of the enemy, which we had mistaken through the smoke of some burning logs for our own troops. Many of our men fell, either killed or wounded, and we were immediately driven back. As from the general confusion now prevailing, the enemy having attacked the flank of the trains and the cavalry support having fled, it became impossible to make longer head against the enemy, our scattered forces fell back to the rear of the Nineteenth Army Corps, which was forming line, and we gathered our scattered men, with the aid of the five companies of the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, which had now arrived from guarding trains. Procuring ammunition and rations we commenced the retreat about 10 p.m., arriving at Pleasant Hill, 16 miles distant, early next morning.

The brigade numbered on going into battle as follows: Forty-sixth Indiana Infantry, 252 enlisted men, 13 officers; five companies Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, 183 enlisted men, 5 officers. The brigade lost in the battle as follows: Forty-sixth Indiana, 8 killed, 98 wounded and missing; five companies Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, 5 killed, 55 wounded and missing; total number engaged 435 enlisted men and 18 officers; total loss, 13 killed, 153 wounded and missing. Among the killed is Lieutenant J. McClung, Forty-sixth Indiana. Among the missing are Lieutenant-Colonel Flory, Forty-sixth Indiana, commanding brigade; Chaplain H. Robb, Captain W. M. De Hart, Lieutenant Jacob Hudlow, all the Forty-sixth Indiana. Among the wounded who escaped are Captain F. Swigart, Forty-sixth Indiana; Captain G. H. Bryant, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin.

Soon after the breaking of our last line Captain Blake, of the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, was captured by the enemy, but succeeded almost immediately in making his escape.

I would add that the men were not disheartened, but are as ready as ever to meet the enemy, feeling that they driven from the

