
field by force of overwhelming numbers. The conduct of officers and men during the engagement was most satisfactory, all conducting themselves bravely.

Most respectfully,

B. HANCOCK,

Major Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteers Infantry.

Captain HENRY E. JONES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier 3rd Div., 13th Corps.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, March 5-May 22.*

March 5.-Took cars at Algiers, La., for Brashear City; crossed Berwick Bay and went into camp to wait for train.

March 14.-Left camp at Berwick.

March 16.-Arrived at Franklin.

March 18.-Left Franklin.

March 26.-Arrived at Alexandria.

March 28.-Left Alexandria.

March 31.-Encamped at night on Cane River; distance marched about 230 miles.

April 6.-Left camp at Natchitoches, La., and moved on the Shreveport Road.

April 8.-Arrived and took part in the engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads in the evening and fell back to Pleasant Hill, where we arrived on the morning of the 9th.

April 9.-Left Pleasant Hill.

April 11.-Arrived at Grand Ecore in the evening.

April 21.-We broke camp at Grand Ecore and marched toward Alexandria.

April 23.-Arrived at Cane River, and found the enemy strongly posted on the opposite side to prevent our crossing. After a short engagement they were driven back and we got possession of the ford.

April 24.-Left Cane River.

April 26.-Arrived at Alexandria.

April 30.-Still in camp at Alexandria, La., whole distance marched about 250 miles.

May 1.-Still at Alexandria, La., part of the command engaged in constructing the famous dam.

May 2.-Marched to the front 2 or 3 miles; skirmished with the enemy; bivouacked for the night and next day commenced erecting earth-works.

May 6.-Moved in the direction of the enemy; skirmished with him and drove him some 6 miles; there halted for the night; next day skirmished with him and drove him 5 miles farther; same evening fell back toward our entrenchments; halted some 6 miles from outer works and remained there on outpost duty until the 13th, skirmishing daily with the enemy.

May 13.-Took up line of march in the direction of the Mississippi River, arriving at Morganza Bend, La., a point some 10 miles below the mouth of Red River, after a series of delays in skirmishing, building bridges, &amp;c., on the 22nd instant, at which point we are now lying.

---------------

* From returns for March, April, and May.

---------------

