
ammunition was almost entirely expended, while the enemy, plainly in sight, was adding to his force and extending his line, which from the first greatly outflanked us. A heavy column, composed both of cavalry and infantry, were seen to detach themselves from the enemy's right and advance far on our left, where they formed in line perpendicular to our front and charged forward on our left. A force of cavalry which had been sent to our left to protect it fired one valley and fled, leaving our men, exposed to a most telling enfilanding fire, and from which fire nearly all our loss occurred. Mean time, the First Brigade of the division had been similarly outflanked on the right and driven from the field, which left us as badly exposed on the right. At the same time they heavy masses which had been gathering in our front came forward in an irresistible column. The division had, with little or no support, and numbering less than 1,200 kept in check an army of 10,000 or 12,000 for at least an hour and a half.

Our men, attacked on either flank, without support from any quarter and without ammunition, fell back at first in some order, but becoming broken, run down, and mixed with our own cavalry, soon became much disorganized.

After collecting the greater portion of the brigade in rear of the line formed by the Nineteenth Corps d'Armee, I received orders to retire to Pleasant Hill, distant about 18 miles, from which we had marched in the morning. This distance the exhausted men accomplished by daylight on the morning of the 9th instant.

The conduct of both officers and men was all that could be desired. Where all performed their duty special mention is not essential. Colonel John Connell, of the Twenty-eighth Iowa, is among the missing, and is supposed to have been mortally wounded. Brave even to a fault, he remained on the field till too late, and was seen to fall before the last heavy volley poured upon the devoted division. His loss will be severely felt, not only by his regiment, where it is irreparable, but by his brother officers and comrades in arms, to whom his many noble and generous qualities had endeared him. Lieutenant Thomas Hughes, acting brigade quartermaster, was upon the field rendering every assistance in his power; he is also among the missing, and is supposed to be a prisoner, we hope unhurt. Dr. Witherwax and Assistant Surgeon Lyons, of the Twenty-fourth Iowa, with Asst. Surg. P. M. McFarland, remained upon the field caring for our wounded, and are now in the hands of the enemy.

The brigade entered the action as follows: Twenty-eighth Iowa, 406 men and 13 officers; five companies of Twenty-fourth Iowa, 182 men and 6 officers; Fifty-sixth Ohio, 224 men and 9 officers; total, 812 men and 28 officers.

During the action the loss was as follows: Known to be killed, 11; wounded, 69; missing, 65; total, 145. Many of the missing are either killed or wounded. Appended herewith, and made a part of this report, is the report of the several regimental commanders, with a detailed list of their casualties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. RAYNOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain OSCAR MOHR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., 13th Army Corps.

