
and non-commissioned officers especially that fell in the conflict, yielding up their lives upon their country's altar. Better soldiers live not in any army nor rest on any battle-field.

Appended I send you a list of the casualties of the regiment.*

THOMAS DILLON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Major EDWARD WRIGHT,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., 13th Army Corps.

No. 19. Report of Captain Maschil Manring, Fifty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH OHIO, VET. INFY. VOLS.,Grand Ecore, La., April 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the part borne by this regiment in the action of the 8th instant: My command, numbering 224, rank and file, effective men, marched from Natchitoches with the brigade on the 6th instant, arriving at Pleasant Hill on the evening of the 7th.

On the morning of the 8th, marched 12 miles to a point 7 miles distant from Sabine Cross-Roads, and encamped. About 3 p.m. the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered to the front, where the Fourth Division was already engaged with the enemy. We arrived on the battle-ground about 4 o'clock, and immediately took position in line on the right of the brigade, and immediately on the left of the Mansfield road, and then moved forward to the edge of the timber, when the enemy opened a terrific fire from their batteries and infantry. But, notwithstanding the galling fire they were receiving, the regiment steadily advanced to a point in the open field, about 150 yards distant from the wood, which position we held about two hours, when the cry arose, More ammunition!" I immediately sent an officer to the rear for supplies, but before they could reach us we were forced to retire before a superior force of the enemy, who were pressing us closely on either flank and on our center. The regiment, however, did not give way until we saw that the whole line on the left had been flanked and forced back, leaving us alone on the open field. In obedience to orders, fell back to Pleasant Hill the same night. Our loss was 40 killed, wounded, and missing. My command now numbers 251 present, 122 of which are armed and equipped; the remainder are sick or wounded, on extra or daily duty, and unarmed.

Attached find a list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

M. MANRING,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-sixth Ohio Vet. Vols.

Lieutenant C. B. BRADSHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.259.

---------------

19 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

