
an aggregate of 1,136. My thanks are due to Rev. James Matthews, chaplain of the Nineteenth Kentucky, who gave me valuable information at a critical moment and was active in rallying the men. Lieutenant George H. McKinney, acting assistant quartermaster, is entitled to praise for care and attention to the division train none of which was captured. Captain Rouse, Seventy-seventh Illinois, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Vilas, Twenty-third Wisconsin, aide-de-camp; Captain Hogg, Nineteenth Kentucky,l inspector First Brigade; Captain Lynch, Forty-eighth Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Campbell, Ninety-seventh Illinois, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Rike, Forty-eighth Ohio, inspector Second Brigade, were faithful in the discharge of their duties, and deserve praise for their conduct.

In this report of the part taken by my division in the battle of Mansfield I have thought proper to be thus particular in specifying the conduct of regiments and officers, inasmuch as the commanders of brigades and most of the field officers of regiments were among the killed or wounded and none are left to make reports.

Respectfully,

W. J. LANDRAM,

Colonel Nineteenth Kentucky, Commanding Division.

Captain OSCAR MOHR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Detach. Thirteenth Army Corps.

No. 21. Itinerary of the Fourth Division, April 1-May 25.*

April 1.-This division encamped at Natchitoches.

April 6 and 7.-Marched from Natchitoches to Pleasant Hill.

April 8.- At 3 a.m. the First Brigade marched out on the Shreveport road toward Mansfield, La., to the support of General Lee's cavalry division, 7 or 8 miles distant. Commenced skirmishing with the enemy at Bayou De Paul and followed him up as he fell back to Sabine Cross-Roads, when the brigade was halted about 2 p.m. and was afterwards re-enforced by the arrival of the Second Brigade. About 4 p.m. the enemy made an attack and a severe engagement followed, and being pressed by superior numbers the division was compelled to fall back. A retreat being ordered, the division arrived at Grand Ecore on the 11th.

April 21.-Moved from Grand Ecore.

April 23.-Skirmished with the enemy at Cane River Crossing.

April 25.-Arrived at Alexandria.

May 13.-Joined in the retreat of the army from Alexandria.

May 20.-Crossed the Atchafalaya and marched to the mouth of Red River.

May 22.-Marched from thence to Morganza.

May 25.-Embarked at Morganza and proceeded to Baton Rouge, La.

---------------

* From returns for April and May.

---------------

