
three hours. Colonel L. R. Webb, of this regiment, was killed instantly. The Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers relieved us, and we supported them. After they had been skirmishing a short time they found the main body of the enemy. We were then ordered into position, which took some time. Soon after 4 p.m. we were ordered forward in line of battle, and engaged the enemy before we had gone 125 yards. The engagement was short but very severe, and resulted in the repulse of our division and the death or capture of 176 officers and entitled men of my regiment, it being over one-half of the number engaged. We fell back to Pleasant Hill that night early next morning. On the morning of the 9th, at 11 o'clock, we marched toward Natchitoches as guard for the supply trains. We marched 25 miles, marching by a longer route than the one we went out on. On the morning of the 10th we marched in.

JOHN A. BURDETT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

No. 23. Report of Major Francis A. Sears, Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH Regiment INDIANA VOL. INFY.,In the Field, April 9, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to order No.-, I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers Infantry in the campaign from Natchitoches, La., to the Sabine Cross-Roads: The regiment was under my command, and left Natchitoches on the 6th day of April, 1864. There was nothing of interest to report more than the usual routine of marching until the morning of the 8th instant. We arrived at Pleasant Hill, a distance of 35 miles, on the afternoon of the 7th instant. On the morning of the 8th instant, at 3 o'clock, the regiment began marching, there being but one regiment in advance-the Twenty-third Wisconsin. We were followed by the Nineteenth Kentucky and Seventy-seventh Illinois Regiments. About 6.30 a.m., after having marched 9 miles, we came up with the advance of General Lee's cavalry forces, who were skirmishing with the enemy in the woods just beyond a saw-mill and on the road leading to Mansfield. Here the Sixty-seventh Indiana was formed in line of battle on the left of the road, and advanced in connection with the Twenty-third Wisconsin, which was formed on the right of the road. We met with a pretty stubborn resistance at first, but soon routed and drove the enemy handsomely for near 4 miles, when we were relieved by the Seventy-seventh Illinois, and then marched about 2 miles and again formed in line of battle on the right of the same road, which position we occupied, and advanced, driving the enemy before us for 3 miles, until we reached Sabine Cross-Roads. At this place the Second Brigade of the Fourth Division came up and formed on our right. Here the regiment was permitted to rest from 2 o'clock until 3.15 p.m., when it was advanced by General Lee into the edge of the woods. Captain Nims' battery had taken position in the road immediately on our left, and the Seventy-seventh Illinois on our right. We remained in the woods but a

