
short time before the enemy advanced and attacked us with an overwhelming force, driving the regiment to a fence at the edge of the woods. Here another stand was made, and this position held under a heavy fire until we were flanked on the right. There being no support, I ordered the regiment to fall back and formed it in the road, where there was some protection, and held this position until the battery on our left had either left or was captured. The lines right and left being broken, the regiment was flanked again and driven to the woods, about 400 yards in the rear of the first position, where the action begun. Here a portion of the regiment was rallied, and fired until the ammunition was exhausted. The officers and men of the regiment deserve praise for their conduct during the engagement. I believe that they all did their duty, and acted as well as men could who had been marching from 3 a.m. until 2 p.m., and in line of battle and skirmishing for near 9 miles. Their performance of duty the whole day, and especially during the engagement of the afternoon, could not have been better. The following is the list of casualties: Killed, 4; wounded, 20; missing,21.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. SEARS,

Major, Commanding Sixty-seventh Regiment Indiana Infy. Vols.

Lieutenant H. P. AYRES,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division.

No. 24. Report of Captain William T. Cummins, Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry, of operations April 6-11.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY.,April 12, 1864.

Sketch of the march from Natchitoches, La., to Sabine Cross-Roads, and from there back to Grand Ecore, La.: April 6, Wednesday morning, the regiment moved off at 7 a.m.; direction mostly west, through a heavy pine forest; the roads not very good, as the country is broken; crossed a small bayou and bivouacked for the night, about 4 p.m., in the forest, making about 16 miles; roads very dusty. April 7, the regiment moved off at 5.30 a.m., still in the forest; roads not very good; rather broken. After marching 9 miles the regiment crossed a small bayou, and that evening bivouacked at Pleasant Hill, La., making 19 miles that day. Friday, April 8, took up march at 3 a.m.; marched 9 miles and came on the enemy, and had heavy skirmishing up till 2.30 p.m., during which time the enemy was driven 8 miles, when they came in such force that they drove the Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, back 1 mile, and met the Third Division, and rallied with them, and checked the enemy a few minutes, and then fell back about 2 miles and met the Nineteenth Army Corps, and the enemy was checked. The Thirteenth Corps fell back to Pleasant Hill, arriving there at 6 a.m. Saturday. The contest was heavy. The Nineteenth lost 20 officers and 225 men, the greater part prisoners. April 9, the regiment was consolidated with the Seventy-seventh Illinois, and then was ordered to march in the direction of Natchitoches, as guard for

