
wagon train; marched till 10 p.m., and went into camp, the day's march being 25 miles. Sunday, April 10, took up march at 5 o'clock, and marched to this place, and encamped above town. Monday, April 11, moved our camp below town. Nothing strange has happened since.

W. T. CUMMINS,

Captain, Commanding Nineteenth Regiment Kentucky Vol. Infantry.

No. 25. Report of Major Joseph E. Greene, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD Regiment WIS. VOL. INFY.,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from your headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the campaign from Natchitoches to Sabine Cross-Roads:

On the 5th instant I received marching orders, and on the morning of the 6th, the regiment rejoined the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, and left Natchitoches, where it had been doing provost duty, at 7 a.m. We marched 17 miles that day, and went into camp. At 5.30 a.m., 7th instant, left camp and marched 18 miles to Pleasant Hill. Received orders that night to march at 5.30 a.m. in the morning. The order was countermanded and the hour for starting changed to 3 a.m. Started at the appointed time and marched about 8 miles, when we came up with General Lee's cavalry, and immediately took the advance; were formed in line in an open field, left resting on the road, and ordered to support the skirmishers and advance with them. The regiment advanced in this way, alternately marching in line of battle through the thick woods and underbrush and by the flank in the road, until about 12 m., driving the enemy before us. Arriving at an open field near Sabine Cross-Roads, were formed in line on the left of the road, and ordered to advance and take position on a hill and support Nims' battery and two howitzers of Sixth Missouri Cavalry. Remained in position until about 4 p.m., when the enemy were reported moving to attack us. One company was thrown out as skirmishers, but was soon compelled to fall back, the enemy appearing in view in force and pouring a hot fire into them. We held the position until the regiment on our right gave way, and then, being on the extreme left of the line of infantry, outflanked on both sides, and in imminent danger of capture, we were compelled to retire after all but one piece of the battery we were ordered to support was withdrawn.

As we retired a destructive cross-fire swept through our ranks.

Nearly all of the casualties (64 killed, wounded, and missing) were sustained by the regiment while endeavoring to hold its first position. Parts of the regiment were subsequently rallied under their different officers, moved forward to the edge of the woods, and there did their utmost to stem the advance of the enemy, until their ammunition became exhausted and they were again forced to fall back. Subsequently the regiment was rallied in rear of the position held by the Nineteenth Corps, and remained until ordered to march back to Pleasant Hill, which place was reached early on the following

