
morning. From there we marched at about noon toward Natchitoches until 12 p.m. Started at sunrise 10th instant; marched 8 miles and camped; were detailed to guard prisoners; moved camp to cotton-gin on Grand Ecore road, and remained until sunrise the next day, when we rejoined the column and marched 12 miles to where we are now encamped.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very respectfully,

JOS. E. GREENE,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant HENRY P. AYRES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 26. Report of Captain Daniel De Camp, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS 130TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders I beg leave to make the following report: One hundred and thirtieth Illinois left Natchitoches on the morning of the 6th of April, by order of Colonel J. W. Vance, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, marching as third regiment in brigade; went into camp in a pine forest. Next morning started at 5.30 a.m., by order of Colonel Vance, and marched to Pleasant Hill, where we again encamped for the night. The next morning started at 5.30 a.m., by order of Colonel Vance, and moved toward the front and former line of battle with the First Brigade between 1 and 2 p.m., where we remained until the charge. The order to advance was brought by Lieutenant Campbell, aide-de-camp to Colonel Vance; also the order to retreat by same.

DANIEL DE CAMP,

Captain Company D, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant BEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 27. Report of Captain James R. Lynch, Forty-eighth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. FORTY-EIGHTH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Lindsey, left Natchitoches, by order of Colonel Vance, commanding Second Brigade, on the morning of the 6th instant, at 7.15 o'clock, marched 18 miles, and went into camp at 4.30 p.m. in pine woods. Moved forward, April 7, at 6 a.m.; reached Pleasant Hill at 2 p.m., having marched 17 miles. Left camp at Pleasant Hill at 5.30 a.m. of the 8th instant, and marched

