
about 8 miles, when we moved to the left of the road with orders to stack arms and camp until further orders from Colonel Vance, commanding brigade. About an half hour after we were ordered forward to report to Colonel Landram, who was in the advance with the First Brigade. The regiment reported to Colonel Landram at 1.30 p.m., and was assigned to position on the left of the One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers Infantry, which was in line at right angles with the road, and to right of the road about 250 yards; the Nineteenth Kentucky Regiment Infantry Volunteers was moved into line on the right of the regiment a few minutes, afterward.

The regiment lay in the woods about two and a quarter hours, when it was ordered forward to meet the enemy, who were advancing. The regiment advanced to a fence about 250 yards in front, where it remained until ordered to fall back by Colonel J. W. Vance, commanding Second Brigade.

JAMES R. LYNCH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM A. BEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 28. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Baldwin, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under my command from the time it left Natchitoches until the close of the battle of Sabine Cross-Roads: My regiment, together with the rest of the Fourth Division, Thirtieth Army Corps, by order of Colonel W. J. Landram, commanding, left Natchitoches at 6.30 a.m. on Wednesday, the 6th instant; marched some 15 miles on the Pleasant Hill road, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 7th, the division moved soon after 6 o'clock, and reached Pleasant Hill at 1.30 o'clock, a march of 19 miles, but by reason of a heavy shower the teams did not arrive until 7 o'clock in the evening. Friday, 8th instant, division was ordered to march at 5.30 o'clock, but my regiment was detailed as guard for the ammunition train, which did not leave till an hour later, and at noon the rear of the train had not advanced more than 6 or 7 miles. About 12 m. Captain Dickey, assistant adjutant-general, ordered me to assemble my regiment which was as guard through the train, and move to the front as fast as possible to support the balance of the division. I immediately started with the rear guard and assembled the regiment as I passed the train, and moved rapidly through the train and troops to the front about 8 miles; upon arrival was ordered by Major Lieber, of General Banks' staff, to move my regiment to the right of the road diagonally toward the woods and form in line of battle. Immediately upon reaching the point designated, General Ransom ordered me to fix bayonets and advance in line of battle into the woods to support a battery. He conducted the regiment to its position, and ordered to stack arms

