
advancing in heavy force on our right, the brigade was formed by Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, in the immediate presence of Major-Generals Banks and Franklin, and by their consent moved to the new point of danger. Here we advanced in line of battle, with skirmishers in front, but the enemy had already gained the cover of the thick underbrush, and from their ambush threw a heavy fire into our front and left. This was followed on their part by a vigorous charge, and their longer line considerably outflanking ours we were forced to retire from the field.

JOSEPH LEONARD,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant AYRES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Reports of Major General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding detachments of Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS RED RIVER EXPEDITION, Alexandria, La., March 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 21st instant I ordered Brigadier-General Mower, with the First Division and Eighty-ninth [Indiana] Regiment, of the Third Division, with the Ninth Indiana Battery, together with one brigade of General Lee's cavalry, to make a reconnaissance up the Bayou Rapides to Henderson's Hill, some 24 miles distant, when he encountered the Second Louisiana Cavalry and captured a portion of it, with a battery of four guns, with caissons, horses, and equipments complete. Number of prisoners taken about 275,20 of the number officers, with 150 horses. Our loss very slight. I will make a more complete report as soon as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee.

P. S.-General Lee, commanding the cavalry, is the only portion of General Banks' army yet arrived. General Franklin is within two days' march, with the infantry and artillery. General Banks is looked for hourly from New Orleans by the river. The river is now rising, and I hope we will be able to ascend it with our gunboats and transports soon after the arrival of the forces from below.

A. J. S.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Saint Louis, Mo., November 1, 1865.

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff to Lieutenant-General Grant,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit you herewith the very interesting report of Major General A. J. Smith, with sub-reports and statistics of the operations of his command up Red River, La., in

