
evening of the 11th, no attack on the rear having been made by the enemy, and went into camp. On the evening of the 13th, nothing having been heard from a portion of our transports save that they had been attacked with infantry and artillery upon both sides of the river, I marched up with two brigades of my command on the north bank of the river to help them through, if possible, crossing the river at Grand Ecore at about 4 p. m. We reached Campi, 12 miles above, the same night and met a portion of the fleet there, they having by energy, good judgment, and rare good fortune succeeded in running the batteries and land forces of the enemy without the loss of a boat, though some were completely riddled with shot. The report of Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith accompanies this, and you are also respectfully referred to the report of Rear-Admiral D. D. Porter, already on file. On the 14th, I returned to Grand Ecore with the rear of the fleet.

Pursuant to orders from Major-General Banks, after placing a proper guard on each of my transports, with directions for them to proceed down the river to Alexandria, I moved with the remainder of my command on the 20th to Natchitoches. Occupying this place as a point de resistance with my troops, the remainder of General Banks' forces passed between us and the river, continuing the retreat to Alexandria.

On the morning of the 21st, I left Natchitoches and fell in the rear of the land column, which position I occupied with my command, alternating the divisions day by day until we reached Alexandria. From the day of our leaving Natchitoches, the enemy pushed the pursuit vigorously; the rear was skirmishing every day and nearly all day. Twice during the march we were obliged to form line and teach them a lesson. At Clountierville, on the 23rd, they charged the rear division, General T. Kilby Smith's, but he repulsed them neatly and thoroughly after about an hour's fighting. During this engagement in the rear, the advance, having reached Cane River, found the bluffs on the other side occupied by a small force of the enemy, who disputed the crossing. Although the cavalry, Thirteenth, and Nineteenth Corps, were in advance of me, and notwithstanding the engagement with the enemy's cavalry in the rear, General Banks sent back an order for me to send General Mower with a strong brigade to force the passage of Cane River. Fearing to weaken my line during the engagement, I answered him in substance that it would be impracticable for me to comply with the order. Later in the day the passage was easily forced by detachments of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Corps. On the afternoon of the 26th, we reached Alexandria and went into camp in line of battle, the Nineteenth Corps on the right, the Thirteenth Corps in advance of the center, and my command on the left. We remained in the vicinity of Alexandria in the same relative position until the 13th of May, the interim being occupied in getting the gun-boats over the falls and daily skirmishing with the enemy.

On the 28th of April, the enemy having driven in the skirmishers of the Thirteenth Corps, the corps fell back reluctantly, in compliance, it was said, with orders from Major-General Banks, three times repeated, abandoning and setting on fire their camp and garrison equipage, stores, and forage. Not knowing that it was done by order, I took the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Colonel William T. Shaw commanding, and put out the fire,

