
inclosed, with reports of brigade and division commanders. No further attack was made, and pursuit by the enemy stopped from this day.

I crossed the bridge on the 20th, bringing up the rear, and marched to Red River Landing, on the Mississippi River, whither our boats had been sent, and reported, by order of Major-General Banks, to Major General E. R. S. Canby for further orders, and was by him directed to proceed to Vicksburg with my command, which I did, reaching that place on the 23rd of May, having been gone seventy-four days.

The results of the expedition may be summed up as follows: I captured with my command 22 pieces of artillery, 1,757 prisoners, and Fort De Russy, with a strong casemated battery, which the gunboats would not have been able to pass. My loss was 153 killed, 849 wounded, and 133 missing; total, 1,135; also 1 6-mule wagon. My entire command numbered originally 9,200.

Of the general officers attached to my command I cannot speak too highly. Brigadier General (now Major General) J. A. Mower, by his perception and prompt action at Fort De Russy, Henderson's Hill, and Pleasant Hill, and by his gallantly and skill at Yellow Bayou, near Simsport, May 18, has won the right to a high estimate and position in the annals of the war. Quick perception, ready courage, an abundant vitality, added to skill and education, give him the power to sway men as if by magnetism. Brigadier General Thomas Kilby Smith, with excellent judgment and skill, brought the boats safely through the intricacies and shoals of Red River back to Grand Ecore, although continually under fire. His repulse of the cavalry charge upon his division at Clountierville was well and neatly done. I commend him as a gallant officer and gentleman. I had hearty and energetic co-operation on the part of my brigade commanders, two of whom, Colonel S. G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa, and Colonel William F. Lynch, Fifty-eighth Illinois, were severely wounded. Colonel William T. Shaw, Fourteenth Iowa, commanding brigade, proved himself an excellent officer and rendered invaluable service at Fort De Russy, Pleasant Hill, and Yellow Bayou. He is a brave, energetic, and intelligent officer.

To all the officers and men of the command praise is due for their cheerful, enduring, and ready obedience. Each and all the officers of my staff were untiring and active in their respective duties. I am much indebted to their intelligent action and ready appreciation of the situation. Arms, eyes, and heads seemed their main attributes during the whole campaign. I add their names as a matter of record, as their well-deserved promotion has overtaken all who are now in service: Captain John Hough, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William S. Burns, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain J. J. Lyon, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, judge-advocate; Surg. N. R. Derby, medical director, wounded May 18; Major E. A. Warner, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, provost-marshal; Captain Ross Wilkinson, aide-de-camp; Captain Samuel Caldwell, Eighth Illinois Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George W. Fetterman, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters; Lieutenant John B. Pannes, Seventeenth New York Infantry, ordnance officer.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN.

