
Numbers 31. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower, U. S. Army, commanding detachment of Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST AND THIRD DIVS., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Alexandria, La., March 23, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders from Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding Red River expedition, I moved on the 21st instant, with the Second and Third Brigades of the First Division, the Eighty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, and the Ninth Indiana Battery, from the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, together with First Brigade of General Lee's cavalry, up Bayou Rapides to Henderson's Hill, 24 miles distant, where I encountered and captured a portion of the Second Louisiana Cavalry and Edgar's (Texas) battery of four guns, with caissons, horses, and equipments. The number of prisoners taken, about 275, with 150 horses. Our losses very slight. I will make a more complete report as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST AND THIRD DIVS., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Alexandria, La., March 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders received from General A. J. Smith, I moved out from Alexandria on the morning of the 21st instant for the purpose of driving the enemy from Henderson's Hill, where they were reported to have an outpost. The expedition consisted of the Second Brigade, First Division, Colonel Hubbard commanding; the Third Brigade, First Division, Colonel Hill commanding; the Eighty-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers, and the Ninth Indiana Battery; also a brigade of cavalry under Colonel Lucas, of the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, that regiment forming a portion of his command. A small party of the enemy's cavalry was met about 13 miles out from Alexandria, and rapidly driven by Colonel Lucas for 10 miles, when our advance came within range of the enemy's battery, consisting of four field guns, in position on Henderson's Hill. I directed the cavalry to annoy the enemy in front while I crossed a bayou with Colonel Hubbard's brigade and the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, of Colonel Lucas' command, together with a section of artillery, for the purpose of getting in the enemy's rear and capturing him. My guide, in endeavoring to take me by a near route to the rear of the hill, led me into a swamp which was impassable. I then found a road, which I followed, and from which I made my way to the enemy's camp, where I captured about 250 prisoners, 200 horses, and 4 guns, together with their caissons. The enemy were picked up in detail. The Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry were in advance until we came near the hill; they then moved off the

