
shooters of these regiments, however, did excellent service in annoying the enemy's artillerists. The brigade commanders, Colonels Shaw and Lynch, handled their troops with skill and coolness. I deem it my duty to mention the conduct of Captain O'Donnell, of my staff, who rendered me most efficient and valuable aid in putting troops into position. He was always ready when his services were required, and was one of the first in the enemy's works. We captured 260 men, as well as a large amount of ordnance and ordnance stores, among them ten guns, two of them 9-inch, one 32-pounder rifled and banded; the others of smaller caliber.

I inclose herewith a list of killed and wounded;* also a list of ordnance and ordnance stores captured.+

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier General, Commanding First and Third Divs., 16th A. C.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Red River Expedition.

HDQRS. FIRST AND THIRD DIVS., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Grand Ecore, La., April 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the position and movements of the troops of my command in the engagement at Pleasant Hill, La., on the 9th instant: I inclose herewith a diagram,++ showing the position of my command at the commencement of the action. Colonel Shaw was detached in the morning with his brigade, and ordered to report to General Emory. The position of the troops in my line was as follows: Commencing with the right, Colonel McClure, with the Forty-seventh Illinois; on his left, the Ninth Indiana Battery; on the left of this was the One hundred and seventy-eighth New York, and in their front the Forty-ninth Illinois, both of Colonel Moore's brigade. On the left of the One hundred and seventy-eighth was the Thirty-third Missouri, of Colonel Hill's brigade; on the left of this the Third Indiana Battery, six guns. This was supported on the left by the Eighty-ninth Indiana, Colonel Murray commanding. On the left of the Eighty-ninth was a Vermont battery. To the left of this, and nearly at right angles to the main line and facing outward, was the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois. Beyond, and to the right of the One hundred and nineteenth (as they were faced), was the Fifty-eighth Illinois. In front of my right was the left of General Emory's division. In front of my line was an open field, giving an excellent opportunity for our artillery to do effective service. The enemy made his appearance on the opposite side of the field about 4 p. m., and advanced rapidly on my line. They charged as though confident of success, but were repulsed by our troops, who withstood the charge with great firmness, and drove them back with great slaughter. The enemy made a stand at a ditch, which was about three-fourths of the width of the field from my original position. They lost largely in killed and in prisoners here, and were, after a desperate resistance, dislodged and driven back into the woods. After following the enemy some distance into the timber, a piece of artillery was opened upon my line, the fire coming from a point some distance to

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 killed and 38 wounded.

+See p. 314.

++See p. 319.

---------------

