
my right and a little to my rear. In consequence of this I halted my right and swung my left around, with the right as a pivot, forming the troops nearly perpendicular to their former line. As I was swinging around the enemy rallied and drove my men back a short distance. I then reformed them, and again drove the enemy. It was now dark and I did not deem it prudent to advance any farther, as I was unacquainted with the ground. I, however, proceeded to place my troops in such a position as to be able to attack the enemy on the flank should he remain until morning. In this I was occupied until after midnight; soon after I received your order to move my command, at 3 a. m., toward Grand Ecore.

The troops in my command behaved gallantly. Captain Cockefair, Third Indiana Battery, did excellent service; Captain Brown's battery, Ninth Indiana, being masked by a battery and troops in its front, was unable to fire for some time after the action commenced; Colonel Lynch, commanding the First Brigade, Third Division, having become separated from the balance of the command early in the action, advanced some distance in a direction to the left of the one in which I moved, and encountered a body of the enemy which he drove a long distance, when, finding them on both his flanks, he retired, bringing off a number of prisoners. Colonel Moore and Colonel Hill moved forward their respective commands with great steadiness, and fought the enemy until dark. I refer you to the report of brigade commanders, which I herewith inclose for the particulars. The conduct of both officers and men was admirable, defeating as they did, in so short a time, the enemy, who were flushed with the victory of the previous day. The list of casualties has already been forwarded.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Detach. 16th and 17th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST AND THIRD DIVS., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Moore's Plantation, May 4, 1864.

GENERAL: A negro just escaped from the rebels states that they are in large force in our front; says he heard their drums beating this morning, which shows conclusively that they have infantry. I tried to develop their forces yesterday, but did not succeed, and also attempted the same this morning, but failed. I do not deem it prudent to risk an engagement with a bayou in my rear. I have therefore taken a position north of the bayou, near Governor Moore's residence. Had I had cavalry, I could have ascertained the strength of the enemy without bringing on a general engagement. The negro from whom I have obtained the above information states that he heard the rebels in their conversation with one and another talk boastingly of having 30,000 men. This is undoubtedly an exaggeration, yet I think it evident that they are largely superior to the force under my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM DWIGHT, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Embodied in addenda to Smith's report, p. 313.

---------------

