
ing and repelling two distinct charges of the enemy, in both of which their force was greatly superior to our own. The conduct of Colonel Hill deserves special mention. He was in the thickest of the fire; was himself wounded, and had his horse shot. Colonel Lynch, who had had permission to visit the boats at the Atchafalaya, some 4 miles distant, on hearing the artillery immediately repaired to the field of battle, and rushing in with his usual impetuosity, was almost immediately wounded. The command of his brigade then devolved upon Colonel Kinney, of the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois, who fought his brigade gallantly until his horse was wounded and fell upon him, injuring him so that he had to retire temporarily from the field. The command then devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Craven, Eighty-ninth Indiana, who sustained the well-earned reputation of the brigade. Colonel Shaw handled his men with skill and coolness and aided in repelling the charge of the enemy on the flank and in driving them back. I will also mention Lieutenant Tiemeyer, Company M, First Missouri Light Artillery, who did good execution, notwithstanding his battery was exposed to a galling fire from the enemy's batteries, who at times concentrated their whole artillery fire upon him. He deserves great praise for the manner in which he handled his guns. Captain Brown, of the Ninth Indiana Battery, although his guns were not able to reach the rifled guns of the enemy, poured a deadly fire into the masses of the enemy as they charged on the left.

To the officers of my staff, Captain Sample and Lieutenants Christensen, Meagher, and O'Reilly, who rendered efficient aid in conveying orders along the line, under the heaviest of the fire, my sincere thanks are due. The last two had their horses shot under them.

A list of the prisoners captured, also a list of the casualties, have already been forwarded. I herewith inclose the reports of the brigade commanders.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Brigadier General, Commanding 1st and 3rd Divs., 16th Army Corps.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Detach. 16th and 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, of engagement at Pleasant Hill, with itinerary of the brigade, March 1-May 24.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular instructions of this date, from headquarters First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part borne by my command in the battle at Pleasant Hill, La., on the 9th instant: But one regiment of the Second Brigade (the Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry) was brought into action during the progress of the fight. That regiment was moved toward the front by order of General Mower, at about 3 p. m., and placed in position as a support to and

21 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

