
upon the right of the Third Indiana Battery, where it remained until the attack of the enemy was finally repulsed, and where it was afforded an opportunity to deliver several effective volleys into the ranks of the assaulting columns. As the enemy was driven from the field the Forty-seventh Illinois moved a few hundred yards to the front, and remained in position until after dark, when ordered by me to rejoin the brigade. The Fifth Minnesota Veteran Infantry was posted early in the afternoon as a support to a picket on a road communicating with the right of our line of battle, where it remained until after dark, not having been engaged. The Eighth Wisconsin Veteran Infantry was held in reserve, except four companies, which latter were posted as a picket to the rear, on the Grand Ecore road. Shortly after dark I was ordered by General Mower to move to Second Brigade to the front, where it was placed in position, and remained until the movement to the rear commenced. The casualties of my command are 7 wounded and 3 missing, a list of which has already been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, 16th Army Corps.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, March 1-May 24.*

March 1.-The brigade left Canton, Miss., and marched via Black River bridge to Vicksburg.

March 5.-Arrived at Vicksburg. Here the Eleventh Missouri Infantry received orders to report at Saint Louis, having re-enlisted as veterans, and the Second Iowa Battery was ordered to Memphis, Tenn.

March 9.-The remaining three regiments of the brigade embarked for an expedition to Red River.

March 10.-Left Vicksburg, passing down the Mississippi and up Red River into the Atchafalaya.

March 13.-Landed at Simsport, La., and marched to Fort De Russy; embarked and moved to Alexandria.

March 21.-Marched to Henderson's Hill.

March 23.-Returned to Alexandria.

March 26.-Marched via Bayou Rapides to Cotile Landing, La.

March 27.-Arrived and went into bivouac. Total distance marched, 356 miles.

April 1.-The brigade embarked on transports at Cotile Landing, La., and moved to Grand Ecore.

April 3.-Arrived at Grand Ecore and disembarked.

April 4.-Drove the enemy from the town of Campi.

April 7.-Left Grand Ecore; marched, 7th and 8th, to Pleasant Hill, La.

April 9.-Engaged in the battle of Pleasant Hill.

April 10 and 11.-Marched to Grand Ecore.

April 20.-Left Grand Ecore and marched via Natchitoches to Alexandria.

---------------

*From returns for March, April, and May.

---------------

