
est. Amid the darkness and in a drenching rain-storm, we waded through mud and water, over ridges and across low bottoms, till we reached the enemy's rear. We relieved his pickets, substituted our own, and took the camp by surprise. The enemy were looking for their own re-enforcements, which they were hourly expecting. We captured 1 four-gun battery with caissons and horses, including 80 prisoners, the darkness covering the escape of the others.

On the 26th and 27th, we marched to Cotile Landing, which is above the Red River rapids, and 28 miles from Alexandria, and on the 2nd of April again embarked and arrived at Grand Ecore on the 3rd. In the mean time, General Banks had arrived at Alexandria and moved on in advance of us to Natchitoches. We remained in Grand Ecore four or five days, during which time we made several reconnaissance on the east side of the river, and encountered the enemy in several skirmishes. On the 4th, the regiment, with the Thirty-fifth Iowa, Colonel Hubbard commanding, was sent out on the double-quick to Campi, 5 miles distant, to the relief of our cavalry, which was being roughly handled. We found the enemy across a small bayou, sheltered in the large timber, and successfully resisting the persistent efforts of the cavalry to dislodge him. I immediately deployed my regiment on the right and left of the road, and moved rapidly forward toward and across the bayou. The boys advanced with cheers and well-directed fire, which the rebels were not able or disposed to withstand. They withdrew, leaving behind their killed and wounded, who fell into our hands. On the 7th, with cheerful spirits, we took up the line of march for Shreveport, never once considering the possibility of a failure to accomplish our purpose. General Banks, with the cavalry under General Lee, the Nineteenth, and detachment of Thirteenth Army Corps, preceded us one day. On the 8th, late in the evening, we reached Pleasant Hill, and from stragglers first heard of that day's disaster and rout to our advance, which reports were afterward too fully confirmed. On the 9th, the enemy advanced to the attack, flushed with victory and strengthened with re-enforcements, and fought with reckless desperation. On that day it devolved upon the detachments of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, forming General Smith's command of veteran troops, to arrest and turn back the tide of battle and disaster. The position of the Fifth during the engagement was on the extreme right of the Sixteenth Army Corps. During the night a new line of battle was formed, 1 1/2 miles in advance of our first position, the Fifth being placed near the center and in the first line. As we rested on our arms, listening to the cries and groans of the wounded, who were lying thickly around and among us, each one felt that morning would witness the opening of, if possible, a still fiercer struggle than that of the previous day. To our great surprise, at 3 o'clock in the morning, we were quietly withdrawn from the battle-field and marched back to Grand Ecore without molestation.

On the 20th, the retrograde movement was resumed, General Smith being assigned to the rear, and to the general protection of General Banks' 12 miles of wagons. We were warmly attacked on leaving there, and on each of the three days consumed in reaching Alexandria, the regiment participating on the 22nd and 23rd. On the 2nd of May the Sixteenth Army Corps, under command of General Mower, was sent out 8 miles toward Cloutierville to hold the enemy back, and to get and retain possession of the large amount of forage in that section. Here we remained eight days, engaged in a continual

