
skirmish, culminating at times in a general engagement. During the eight days, as well as during the whole expedition, the Fifth was frequently selected by Colonel Hubbard, at the request of the commanding general of the division, and sent forward to act as skirmishers and sharpshooters. General Mower formerly commanded our brigade, and he accredits to the Fifth Minnesota great efficiency in this kind of duty. On the 14th, we again fell in rear of General Banks and his wagon train, followed the windings of the Red River, and camped near Fort De Russy on the night of the 15th. On the 16th occurred the battle of Marksville, or Belle Prairie. The field was a splendid one for a fair and equal contest, a smooth, clear prairie, slightly descending to the south, 3 or 4 miles in extent, and surrounded by heavy timber. We were turned out before daybreak and taken into the fight without our usual coffee and hard-tack. As we marched through Marksville about sunrise we discovered the Nineteenth Army Corps already initiating operations, which it afterward devolved upon us to finish. The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps were formed in column of regiments, and moved across the prairie to the right, and some distance from the Nineteenth Army Corps, the Fifth Minnesota in advance. It was a splendid sight; our whole force and every movement could be clearly and distinctly seen. On the left was the Nineteenth Army Corps, advancing in line of battle with a line of skirmishers in front, engaging and slowly forcing back those of the enemy. To the rear of the Nineteenth was the Thirteenth, also advancing in line of battle. In the rear of and following us was a long column of regiments, the numerous banners glistening in the clear morning sunlight, and seeming to wave defiance to the foe. Our movements were soon changed from that in column to that en echelon and then into line of battle, all the regiments forming on the right of brigade. The enemy in front of us held a position in the edge of the timber, and only a portion of his line could at first be seen. He very soon disclosed the positions of four excellent batteries of heavy guns, which were particularly devoted to us. In the mean time the Nineteenth Army Corps had halted, and the remainder of the work was left for General Smith's command. The fight lasted about four hours, and during the closing scene it required the extra exertions of the enemy to save his batteries from our grasp. The long wagon train heretofore referred to, and especial instructions on this occasion as on many others, prevented pursuit.

The enemy followed us closely the next day, and on the 18th, on Bayou De Glaize, ensued the last battle of the series conducted by General Mower, and participated in by the troops of the Sixteenth Army Corps alone. The Fifth Minnesota was here used as skirmishers. The fight commenced about 10 a. m., and continued for six hours. We drove the enemy back on this as on every other occasion, with a loss to him of upward of 500 men, and we would gladly have pursued and punished him for his insolence.

On the 20th, we once more looked upon the waters of the noble Mississippi. We hailed the sight with cheers. The waters of the Mississippi appeared as clear as crystal and [were] relished like the fountain waters of Minnesota, so great was the contrast with the muddy waters of the dried up Red River and its bayous. We arrived at Vicksburg on transports on the 24th.

Great credit is due to Surgeon Kennedy, one of the leading operating surgeons of the command, and his assistant, Dr. Leonard,

