
for their exertions in behalf of the wounded. I can also heartily commend the action of every officer and private of the regiment in the several battles and skirmishes of this expedition. I think I am safe in assuring you that the Fifth lost none of its prestige and none of its reputation as a fighting regiment. Colonel Hubbard has been in command of the brigade since leaving Vicksburg. I cheerfully acknowledge that any credit which the regiment or the brigade has gained in the expedition is in a great measure due to the coolness, the courage, the watchful attention to duty, and the personal example of daring of himself and staff. Colonel Hubbard possesses the entire confidence of his command. Every officer and soldier knows and feeds that his inspiration in battle is not due to whisky, and they follow him without fear or mistrust.

I am happy to be able to inform you that the regiment has been providentially spared from serious loss; 15 men wounded, and most of them not seriously, and 3 men prisoners, embraces the entire list of casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BECHT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General of Minnesota, Saint Paul.

Numbers 34. Reports of Colonel Sylvester G. Hill, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of affair at Henderson's Hill and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou, with itinerary of the brigade, March 4-May 24.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Alexandria, La., March 25, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this command for March 21 and 22, 1864: In obedience to orders from headquarters First and Third Divisions, Sixteenth Army Corps, this brigade, consisting of Thirty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry and the Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiments, moved from their camp in Alexandria, La., at 6.30 a. m., March 21, and marched in the advance of the division in the following order: First, the Thirty-fifth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry; second, the Ninth Indiana Battery; third, the Thirty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry. The brigade was halted at 1 p. m. about 22 miles from this place, where the enemy had opened fire with artillery on the cavalry in our advance with some effect. It being apparent that the enemy had chosen a very strong position in our front, across Bayou Rapides, on a high hill, this brigade was ordered to the front to support the battery then in position. Shortly after the brigade was ordered across Bayou Rapides to the right of the enemy's position, and after a tedious march of about 8 miles, through marshes and a dense pine forest, in a hand rain and cold wind, we halted. The men were much fatigued and thoroughly wet, suffering from cold and a severe hail-storm; some were compelled from exhaustion to leave the ranks. The enemy being seen in the advance, the Thirty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteers was ordered to support a section of Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Company C,

