
placed in the edge of the woods, the shots, however, mostly passing over them. They promptly charged on the battery, receiving a volley from those supporting the battery, who broke and fled in confusion after discharging their pieces, leaving the battery in our possession. The regiments now entered the woods, following the retreating enemy, who under cover closely contested our advance. The regiments, in pursuing the scattered forces of the enemy, became separated, but were soon brought together again and continued to follow the fleeing, scattered forces of the defeated rebels through the thick woods until dark; night prevented further operations. At 7 p. m. the brigade was moved back on the open part of the battle-field and bivouacked for the night.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers and men of the Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, and the officers and men of the Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers, for their coolness under a severe fire, their prompt obedience of orders, and good, soldier-like conduct during the severe contest; their bravery deserved victory. The following is a recapitulation of casualties, a list of which has already been furnished to you: Killed, 8; wounded, 68; missing, 2; total, 78. Special favorable mention is also due to Lieutenant Henry Hoover, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant O. O. England, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant R. M. Reed, aide-de-camp, of this command, for their gallant conduct when exposed to the combined fires of the enemy's musketry and artillery, their prompt obedience of all orders; they have performed their part well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., May 28, 1864.

Official report of the part taken by the Third Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, in the battle of Bayou De Glaize, La., May 18, 1864: This brigade, consisting of the Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers, and detachments of the Eleventh Missouri and Eighth and Twelfth Iowa Veteran Volunteer Infantry, was ordered by Brigadier-General Mower to move across Bayou Avoyelles, near Bayou De Glaize, at 11 a. m., where the enemy was engaging our skirmishers. At our approach they fell back before our skirmishers, who were exposed to a severe fire on their right flank from across Bayou De Glaize. Here one of the bravest and most efficient officers, Captain George C. Burmeister, Thirty-fifth Iowa, was severely wounded (shot through the breast) while commanding his company as skirmishers. After marching about 2 miles, we found the enemy in force with quite a number of pieces of artillery. I sent two companies to the front as skirmishers. After a heavy artillery fire from both sides, lasting about one hour, we were ordered forward. With much difficulty we moved by right of companies to the front, through a dense briar thicket, about one-half mile wide, all the time exposed to a severe fire from the enemy's artillery. In the edge of this thicket we encountered the forces of the enemy. They could not long stand the fire from our ranks, and fell

