
back under cover of their batteries. By order of Brigadier-General Mower, we now moved back to prevent a threatened flank movement on our left, carrying with us our dead and wounded. About three-fourths of a mile back we formed a new line and advanced our skirmishers, and at 4 p. m. were again ordered to move forward, which was promptly done amidst cheers along our entire line. We again found the enemy posted near the edge of the thicket, this time greatly outnumbering us. We charged them promptly, pouring volley after volley, deliberately aimed, into their works as we advanced. They fled before us, leaving many of their number dead and wounded on the field. We captured in both charges about 160 prisoners. In this last charge I was wounded in the ankle, and horse shot; and my son, Fred. Hill, acting orderly, was shot through the head and killed, and his horse also shot. We were now exposed, in plain sight and at short range, to the enemy's artillery. We soon fell back under cover of the thicket, carrying with us our dead and wounded. At 6 p. m. we were ordered to the rear as reserves, Lieutenant Colonel William B. Keeler, Thirty-fifth Iowa, now commanding the brigade. At 7 p. m. we were moved to a position in the front line, on the left, in the woods, and at 9 p. m. we were ordered back on account of the fatigue of our men across Bayou Avoyelles.

Our loss was

--------

, a list of which has already been furnished.*

The wounds were generally very severe, being at very close range. Many of the wounded have since died. I must again express my admiration of the bravery and noble conduct of the officers and men whom I had the honor to command in this engagement. More could not be expected of any.

S. G. HILL,

Colonel Thirty-fifth Iowa, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain JAMES B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Itinerary of the Third Brigade, First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, March 4-May 24.+

March 4.-Left camp at Black River with the division; marched 6 miles and encamped for the night.

March 5.-Marched to Vicksburg and encamped until the 8th.

March 8.-Assigned to Red River expedition, under Brigadier General A. J. Smith. This division, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower, embarked at Vicksburg.

March 9.-Left Vicksburg at 6 a. m.

March 10 and 11.-At mouth of Red River.

March 13.-Disembarked at Simsport, Atchafalaya Bayou, La.

March 13 and 14.-Marched to Fort De Russy, on Red River, about 40 miles. After an engagement, lasting one and a half hours, Fort De Russy was surrendered.

March 15.-Embarked at Fort De Russy.

March 16.-Landed at Alexandria, La., and went into camp.

March 21.-Marched 35 miles and captured camp at Henderson's Hill, with 300 rebels, 4 pieces of artillery, and 4 caissons, 250 horses, a lot of small-arms, &amp;c., at midnight, without losing a man.

---------------

*Nominal list shows 5 men killed, 2 officers and 33 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

+From returns for March, April, and May.

---------------

