
March 23.-Returned to Alexandria.

March 26.-Marched 18 miles west.

March 27.-Arrived at Cotile Landing, La., on Red River.

April 4.-Left Cotile Landing, La., with the Red River expedition n transports, under command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith.

April 5.-Arrived at Grand Ecore, La.; the enemy fled after some skirmishing.

April 7.-Left Grand Ecore in rear of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps; encamped 15 miles southwest.

April 8.-At 7 a. m. moved slowly, being hindered by a long wagon train in our front. In the afternoon heard heavy firing in our front; encamped at 9 p. m. near Pleasant Hill.

April 9.-Ordered out at 3 a. m., the scattering forces of the Thirteenth Army Corps and heavy train of wagons, artillery, &amp;c., hurrying past us to the rear. At 3 p. m. this brigade was ordered forward into line with General A. J. Smith's command on Pleasant Hill, to check the advancing enemy. At 5 p. m. the enemy engaged our whole line and charged us at all points. After a severe engagement of about two hours the enemy were entirely driven from the field, with severe loss. For losses see list* of casualties. Bivouacked on the field for the night.

April 10.-At 2 a. m. received orders to move at once toward Grand Ecore, to cover the retreat of General Banks' army and train, the defeated rebels fleeing in the opposite direction.

April 11.-Arrived at Grand Ecore; in camp until the 20th.

April 20.-Moved to Natchitoches.

April 21.-Moved at 6 p. m., in rear of the Thirteenth Army Corps, along Cane River toward Alexandria.

April 22.-Heavy skirmishing in rear; formed in line of battle, but enemy did not attack.

April 23.-At 3 a. m. arrived at Clountierville. At 11 a. m. formed, and after a short engagement the enemy retreated; skirmishing continued all day.

April 24.-At 4 a. m. the enemy opened on our camp with artillery; heavy engagement ensued, lasting about one and a half hours, when the enemy fell back from the field. At 9 a. m. moved forward. At night encamped at Cotile Landing.

April 25.-Moved toward Alexandria at 10 a. m.; heavy skirmishing at Henderson's Hill; formed in line at 12 m.; moved forward at 5 p. m.; encamped for the night.

April 26.-Moved at 7 a. m.; skirmishing in rear; formed in ambush near Bayou Rapides bridges; the rear guard of cavalry passed, but the enemy discovered us too soon for the success of our plan; moved forward at 2 p. m.; went into camp at Alexandria in the evening.

April 28.-At 12 m. formed in line of battle at Alexandria. Remained in line under arms until 9 a. m. of the 29th; no enemy came; went into camp again.

May 2.-Left camp at Alexandria, La.; marched 4 miles; found the enemy; heavy skirmishing until dark.

May 3.-Marched 10 miles to Opelousas road; encamped on rebel Governor Moore's plantation; skirmished daily with the enemy's cavalry until the 7th.

May 7.-Drove the enemy about 6 miles across Bayou Lamourie,

---------------

*See p. 313.

---------------

