
with considerable loss on both sides. At night moved back to Governor Moore's plantation, where we remained until the 14th.

May 14.-Marched 4 miles to Red River; joined the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps; moved along right bank of the river to Marksville.

May 16.-Found the enemy in force at Marksville. After a heavy artillery engagement our infantry skirmishers drove him from his position. We then moved on to Bayou De Glaize.

May 17.-This brigade was rear guard to the entire army; heavy skirmishing all day.

May 18.-Crossed Bayou Avoyelles. At 11 a. m. the enemy appeared in force and we were ordered to recross the bayou and give him battle, which we did, driving him back with heavy loss on both sides. We captured a number of prisoners.

May 20.-Crossed Bayou Atchafalaya on a bridge made of twenty steam-boats.

May 21.-Marched to Red River Landing, on the Mississippi River.

May 22.-Embarked on boats.

May 24.-Arrived at Vicksburg, where we are now temporarily encamped.

Numbers 35. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Keeler, Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, of affair at Henderson's Hill and engagement at Pleasant Hill.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH Regiment IOWA INFANTRY VOLS., Alexandria, La., March 24, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to herewith transmit the operations and list of casualties incident to the Thirty-fifth Regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers from the 21st to the 23rd of March, 1864, inclusive. In obedience to orders, on the 21st the regiment was ready to move at 5.30 a. m., left in front, and in advance of the division, with two days' rations; soon after we took up our line of march and arrived within 3 miles of Henderson's Hill, the enemy shelling the advance. After a few moments' rest the brigade was ordered forward, crossed Bayou Rapides, took a by-road, and after a long, tedious march in the rain and hail, through swamp and a dense pine forest, we arrived in the rear of Henderson's Hill, where the enemy was camped, capturing the outposts and pickets, and arriving in the main camp about 12 m., surprising the enemy and capturing 4 pieces of artillery (2 were loaded with canister), 4 caissons filled with fixed ammunition, 32 horses attached to the artillery, ready for immediate action; also 222 prisoners, including 16 officers, 126 horses equipped, an ambulance with some surgical instruments and medicines, which the division surgeon took charge of, 92 stand of small-arms, many of which, through the darkness of the night and for the want of transportation, were either broken up or thrown into the bayou, and in consequence thereof was enabled to bring off only 12 stand of small-arms.

Casualties, 1 man slightly wounded in the mouth by a pistol-shot; he was carrying the colors at the time.

