
At about 2 a. m. on the 22nd marched 3 miles from Henderson's Hill, recrossed the bayou, and camped till morning. On the 22nd, marched within 8 miles of Alexandria, camped till morning, and on the 23rd marched to Alexandria, La., our present camp.

Most respectfully, yours,

WM. B. KEELER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth Regiment Iowa Infantry Vols.

Lieutenant HENRY HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH REGIMENT IOWA VOL. INFTY., Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of the Thirty-fifth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry at Pleasant Hill, La., on the 9th day of April, 1864:

In obedience to your orders the regiment was formed in line of battle in rear of Thirty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry at about 5 p. m. of the 9th instant, which position we occupied until ordered forward at about 5.15 o'clock; advanced a short distance in line of battle, when I received orders to form the regiment on the right of Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, which movement was almost immediately countermanded by a staff officer from Major-General Banks, who directed me to change my course by the left oblique, which I did, passing to the left of the Thirty-third Missouri Infantry into a deserted camp in good order, where we were met by a terrific volley from the advance column of the enemy, who were strongly posted in a ravine, filled with an undergrowth of cane, which killed and wounded many of my men and checked our advance for a moment, but for a moment only; the men instantly rallied, and with one prolonged cheer that arose above the din of battle they charged forward in the most gallant style, driving the enemy before them in confusion from the field into the timber, killing, wounding, and capturing many of them. After driving them about 200 yards, we halted, reformed, and moved forward again nearly one-fourth of a mile through the timber, passing on our way two cannon that the enemy had abandoned. We then halted in the road, when I was ordered by General Mower to advance the left of the regiment to a position oblique with the road, and then to move forward, which I did. Advancing a few paces I received the fire of an advancing column of the enemy; my brave men stood it with unflinching courage, and with cheers they poured into them a tremendous volleys, scattering and driving them in all directions. This ended the battle for the day, and we were victorious. It was now dark, and in obedience to your orders I moved the regiment out of the timber by the right flank and formed on the left of Thirty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry, when, after issuing ammunition, we bivouacked for the night. Too much praise cannot be given to both officers and men for their brave, courageous, and noble conduct in the execution of all orders, and the coolness and discipline displayed by them on the field of battle. All did well, and I thank them. Our loss was as follows: Commissioned officers wounded, 3; killed, 1; enlisted men wounded, 54; killed, 5; missing, 1; total loss in regiment, 64 officers and men.

