
up a few prisoners, and crossing a ravine come upon a deserted camp of the enemy's cavalry, a few stragglers of whom we captured, with a number of horses and equipments. Finding the frame-work of a partially destroyed bridge at this point, we in half an hour repaired it, and the enemy's camp being broken up, we were ordered to cross, and moved back toward Alexandria in a driving rain, 2 1/2 miles, where we bivouacked for the night at 2 a. m., March 22. At daylight we moved back once more toward Jones' Point to support the Ninth Indiana Battery, which was ordered to cover our forces while the captured property was being removed from the enemy's camp. At 12 m. the same day we moved with the main column back toward Alexandria, where we arrived at 11 a. m. this day.

No casualties occurred in this regiment during the affair.

I am, sir, yours, very truly,

WM. H. HEATH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Missouri Vols.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS, Alexandria, La., March 24, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders of the brigade commander, I have the honor to make the following report of the number of arms and horses captured by my command on the night of the 21st instant, viz: Number of horses and mules, about 130. Most of these were taken from the yard where my men had picketed them while repairing the bridge over Bayou Rapides, by the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry; remainder turned in to post quartermaster. Number of arms captured not definitely known, as they were left in camp to be transported by the ordnance officer, and no account taken of them. From the best information I can gather, however, I judge the number to be about 150 stand of small-arms, besides a small number of very indifferent cavalry sabers. From the rapid manner in which we were moved through the enemy's camp, and the orders we had to turn over our captures at once, it is impossible to give an accurate report of numbers.

I am, sir, very truly, yours,WM. H. HEATH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Missouri Vols.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 37. Reports of Major George W. Van Beek, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, of engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.

HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD MISSOURI INFANTRY VOLS., Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

COLONEL: In pursuance of orders received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-third Missouri Infantry Volunteers in the action of the 9th instant at Pleasant

