
in the regiment; certain it is, that their furious attack completely turned the flank of the enemy and decided in a great measure the fate of the day.

At this point the battle was most fierce; first success seemed to favor one and then the other. Twice were our boys driven back between the guns of the abandoned battery (L, First U. S. Artillery), and as often did they rally and repulse the enemy. At last the enemy were driven into the woods in confusion, and three pieces of artillery captured by the Fifty-eighth Illinois. During the fight a portion of the Fifty-eighth was aided by other troops of our corps and army. At the time of the driving back of the Eastern brigade the Eighty-ninth Indiana was advanced, delivering volley after volley. They continued to move forward. Inclining toward the right, reaching the woods, they drove the rebels in confusion before them into the very depths thereof. In the advance of the Eighty-ninth Regiment they drove away a rebel brigade, which had driven in disorder through the Ninth Indiana Battery an entire Maine regiment and a portion of a New York regiment. During the fight here many prisoners were captured by this regiment, among them several officers.

The conduct of the officers and men of the Eighty-ninth was most gallant; nobly did they stand up to the work. At the time of the attack by the Fifty-eighth Illinois on the enemy's flank, the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois changed front obliquely to the rear, and advanced on the enemy, keeping the left of the field. They drove before them a Texas regiment, the colors of which they captured. This regiment, although less exposed than either the Eighty-ninth Indiana or Fifty-eighth Illinois, still did the work assigned to them with the greatest promptitude and courage. After driving the rebels far into the woods, the Eighty-ninth Indiana was withdrawn to the edge of the field and formed into a new line, where it remained until it was joined by the other regiments of the brigade about 6.30 p. m. The Fifty-eighth Illinois after entering the woods became separated, a portion following the colors, and the remainder accompanying myself. After coming into the woods, I found the men in the greatest confusion. But knowing that our situation was most precarious, I ordered all to push forward. With a rush the men obeyed, the color-bearers to the front. Closely we pressed the rebels, driving them to the left, through the woods, and up the road for a distance of over 3 miles. Never did a man flinch, though the enemy outnumbered us six to one, the number of colors with us probably deceiving them as to our real strength. In this pursuit so close were we to the rebels that our men seized them by the collars, bayoneting some and capturing others while in the very act of firing their pieces. Six caissons and a large number of very fine horses were taken by us during this charge. Having pursued the enemy 3 miles, I found him forming beyond an open field in considerable force. Hastily forming my broken column, I found myself opposed to about 3,000 rebels, while my force did not exceed as many hundred. I directed the men to open fire, which was done at once, causing the rebels to break in confusion. Being so far from any support I found it necessary to rejoin our main force, and at once ordered a return, during which we were unmolested.

I can only account for the unprecedented success of my little corps by the complete defeat of the rebels, sustained on the open field and in the woods near the field. It being quite dark and being burdened

