
Itinerary of the First Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, March 1-May 20.*

March 1.-The brigade moved from Canton, Miss.

March 4.-Arrived at Vicksburg. The Twenty-first Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry having re-enlisted as veterans, Colonel David Moore went home with them to superintend their reorganization, in consequence of which Colonel W. F. Lynch, of the Fifty-eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade March 5.

March 10.-The brigade embarked from Vicksburg on the Red River expedition.

March 13.-Having landed in Atchafalaya Bayou, 10 miles below the mouth of Red River, the brigade moved out with the expedition by land in the evening.

March 14.-In the afternoon the Third Division invested Fort De Russy, situated on Red River, some 75 or 80 miles from its mouth and 34 miles from where the brigade disembarked-Simsport. The engagement lasted two hours and was terminated by an assault upon and capture of the fortress, stores, and all the munitions of war, in which the First Brigade enacted a conspicuous part, the colors of the brigade being the first upon the ramparts. Casualties in the First Brigade, 4 killed and 26 wounded.

March 16.-Arrived at Alexandria, La.

March 26.-Moved on the Bayou Rapides road, 28 miles, to Cotile Landing.

April 2.-This brigade, forming part of the army engaged in the Red River expedition under Major General N. P. Banks, left Cotile Landing, on Red River.

April 3.-Arrived at Grand Ecore, La., a distance of 80 miles northeast, and encamped.

April 7.-Broke camp and marched until the evening of the 8th, a distance of 36 miles and to within 1 mile of Pleasant Hill, La.

April 9.-Marched to Pleasant Hill and formed line of battle. From 4 p. m. until 6.30 p. m. was engaged in the sanguinary battle and Federal victory of Pleasant Hill, La. In this engagement the brigade acted in a highly meritorious and noble manner, driving the enemy before them wherever engaged, and losing in killed, wounded, and missing, 98.

April 10.-Marched toward Grand Ecore, La.

April 12.-Arrived at that place and went into camp.

April 20.-Broke camp again and marched 5 miles to Natchitoches, La., where line of battle was formed and skirmishing with the enemy was continued until the night of the 21st, when, with the balance of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, the brigade crossed Cane River, or Old Red River, covering the retreat of the army to Alexandria, La., where it arrived on the 26th.

May 1.-Moved out from Alexandria, La., some 6 miles, where it remained, doing outpost duty, until the 5th, when it was ordered out to fight for forage, during which day and the next there was some fighting, the brigade losing 6 men killed and 11 wounded.

May 14.-Started en route for the Mississippi River, reaching Simsport, on the Atchafalaya Bayou, on the 17th.

May 18.-In the afternoon had a deadly fight with almost three

---------------

*From returns for March, April, and May.

---------------

