
times our own number on Smith's plantation, near Simsport, the brigade losing 13 commissioned officers and 146 enlisted men killed and wounded.

May 20.-In the evening the brigade moved to the mouth of Red River, where the troops were embarked and proceeded up the river to Vicksburg, Miss.

Numbers 39. Reports of Colonel Thomas J. Kinney, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.

HEADQUARTERS 119TH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, On board Steamer Adriatic, Alexandria, La., March 17, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to present the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 14th instant, in which was captured Fort De Russy: We left Simsport at 9.30 p. m. the 13th; marched some 8 miles; went into camp at 1 a. m. of the 14th; commenced the march again at 5 a. m., marching a distance of 32 miles in less than twenty hours, our brigade being in the rear of division on the march. The ball was opened by the Third Indiana Battery before we came up. After a brisk firing on each side with artillery, I received your order for my regiment to move forward, passing the Ninth Indiana Battery, and to form line on the left of the road and in rear of Third Indiana Battery, with our right resting on the road and to move forward, which was done. This line was formed at 4.45 p. m. After moving forward through the field and into the wood I was ordered to halt my command and wait for the Fifty-eighth Illinois, which had formed on the right of the road, to come up on a line with me. When the line was complete, by your order, I moved forward again. After moving some 150 yards farther forward, I was ordered by Captain

------

, of General Mower's staff, to move by the left flank, filing to the right, in order to flank the front. I accordingly did so, taking the lead of the brigade, followed by the Eighty-ninth Indiana (Colonel Murray) and Fifty-eighth Illinois (Major Newlan). We moved by the flank around to the extreme left of the fort, completely surrounding the same, and formed line within 100 yards of the works of the enemy. We halted for a moment to see that the formation was complete with the Eighty-ninth and Fifty-eighth, when the enemy opened upon us with musketry, which was returned with vigor and coolness for a moment; then your order was received to charge the works. I immediately gave the command to charge, and with bayonets fixed, with loud cheering, the men moved forward upon the works without a falter until the works were carried. Upon rising the works I discovered a white flag floating from the enemy's works, which indicated that they had surrendered. In this engagement I lost in killed 1 man, mortally wounded 2, and slightly wounded 7; total killed and wounded, 10.

It is impossible for me to particularize in regard to the actions or bravery of any one officer or man. All did their duty well and bravely, and I am proud to say that in this the first general engage-

