
ment in which my regiment has participated, that it has so nobly and fully come up to the expectations of its commander. It is not possible for me to say positively who entered or what regiment entered the works first; it is claimed by every regiment that was engaged in the charge. It is my opinion that the right of my regiment was upon the works the first of any. The colors of the Fifty-eighth Illinois or the Eighty-ninth Indiana were up before my colors were. This was owing to the distance from the works and the obstructions in the way of the charge and in ascending the works. It is a small matter of contention who entered first, as all entered nearly the same time, and there could not have been one minute's difference in the time of which the whole brigade was inside the works; and I can only say that the First Brigade was the rear in column on the march, was the last brigade in position (having passed completely around the enemy's works), the first to make the charge, the first to enter the works, and the first to plant the national flag inside the fort. To the officers and men under my command I tender my thanks for their skill, coolness, and bravery, and to officers under whose command I am I can only say that I am proud to be commanded by them.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. KINNEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM F. LYNCH,

Commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. 119TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Steamer Adriatic, Alexandria, La., April 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to send herewith the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Pleasant Hill, La., on the 9th instant: We left Grand Ecore on the morning of the 7th, marched through mud and rain 15 miles, and camped at 5 o'clock near the Double Bridges. Next morning were off again at 7 o'clock; marched 20 miles to a point about 1 mile east of Pleasant Hill; went into camp at 9 p. m. At this time we received notice of the defeat of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Corps, we were informed that they would fall back and form in our rear. With this understanding we formed our commands at 2 a. m. on the 9th, and awaited the movements of the other troops. The trains of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Corps passed through our lines and were parked in our rear. We remained in this position until about 9 a. m., when we were ordered to the front to form line of battle at the hill; accordingly the brigade moved forward, the Eighty-ninth Indiana in advance, the Ninth Indiana Battery next, followed by the Fifty-eighth Illinois, and my regiment bringing up the rear. We moved to the open field, where we were drawn up in line, and remained in that position for about one hour, when I received your order to move my regiment by the left flank and form in the wood on the left of the field, with my left extending obliquely to the rear, in order to guard against a flank movement of the enemy; the Fifty-eighth Illinois moving in the [same] direction, but about one-fourth of a mile to my right and about the same distance to the front. These movements were executed with great dispatch at about 10 a. m. We were left in this

