
position to await the coming conflict. At about 4 p. m. the skirmishing in front indicated to us that the battle had commenced, and each officer and man was looking with great anxiety for the time to come when we would be required to perform the duty assigned us in that part of the field.

The firing in front became more general as time passed, and the Nineteenth Corps was falling back, hotly pressed by the advancing foe, until about 5 o'clock, when the lines of the Nineteenth Corps were broken and the enemy charged through the wood and into the open field, driving everything before them. At this moment I changed front to rear obliquely on the left company of my regiment, in order to prevent the enemy's right flank [attack], and, by order of General Stone, moved forward my right near the edge of the prairie or open field. I moved in this direction until I came to the lower part of the field, when I met a Texas regiment and part or all of a Missouri regiment. I opened a heavy fire on them at once, and pressed forward upon them before they could rally from the shock and drove them in great confusion before me. At this point I took one stand of rebel colors (the Texas) and several prisoners. I here halted for a moment and rallied a portion of the Thirtieth Maine Regiment, which had been driven back in confusion, and formed them in my rear; then moved them up to my right and moved forward through the woods, swinging around to the right as I advance, until near the Shreveport road. When dark came on I found myself near 2 miles from the point of starting. I then moved back to the open field and awaited orders, when, after some delay, I was ordered to move back to the position occupied by me at the commencement of the fight, which I did. After stacking arms and preparing to get supper, I received another order to move my command, in connection with the Eighty-ninth Indiana, up the Shreveport road, and camp in line of battle. After some delay in procuring a new supply of ammunition we moved, as ordered up the road near 1 1/2 miles, stacked arms, placed our pickets, laid down, without supper, in hopes of getting some rest and to be ready to resume the fight in the morning or at any moment required. In about half an hour we were ordered to move back some half a mile, it being feared that we had gone too far out. I called the men up from their sleep, and with great caution moved back to the point indicated, where we again stacked arms and prepared for sleep. This occupied the time until about 11.30 o'clock. At 2 a. m. on the 10th, we received orders to form line and prepare to move immediately. This time there was no difficulty in getting the men up, as they expected to make a night attack upon the enemy, and had every confidence in their ability under their generals and more immediate commanders to punish the enemy badly, when, to our astonishment, the order was given to face to the left and move back to Grand Ecore. This march was made in good order, making a distance of 22 miles to Double Bridges, near the camp-ground on the night of the 7th, and went into camp about 2 p. m. Next day we marched to Grand Ecore, the men weary, tired, and almost discouraged at what they considered an unnecessary retreat. But of such things we are not the proper persons to judge.

In this battle the First Brigade was so divided that each regiment had to act independently of the others, and without support; consequently the service done might have been greater had the brigade been acting together and under the immediate command of our proper commander. But I am happy to say that they all went into

