
the fight with a determination to conquer or be left on the field. As I was detached from the regiment, I cannot speak particularly of their movements after we entered the woods, but feel and know they did as much as men could do, and much more than some supposed could have been done at the time the enemy charged through the open field. In the fight I lost 1 man killed and 1 man severely, if not mortally, wounded, who was left at the hospital at Pleasant Hill, and 1 man shot through the hand. I can only speak of the men and officers of my command in general terms. They all, without a single exception, came up to the work like old veterans, and performed the duties assigned with the greatest coolness and dispatch. To Major W. H. Watson and Adjt. H. S. Buck I tender my thanks for the promptness with which they performed their duties, and to all the officers and men of my command I tender my thanks for their courage, bravery, and coolness, and with the hope that in case we should have another battle that the First Brigade will not be divided, but left to the command of Colonel Lynch, under the direction of our much-esteemed Generals Smith and Mower; then I shall feel that success will surely crown our efforts, and that the flag of our country will wave triumphantly, and that the fair fame of the old Sixteenth Army Corps will not be tarnished.

I am, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. KINNEY,

Colonel, Commanding 119th Illinois Vol. Infantry.

Colonel W. F. LYNCH,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., 16th Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Mouth Red River, La., May 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Bayou De Glaize, fought on the 18th instant near Simsport, La.: Colonel W. F. Lynch, Fifty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, being absent at the time, the command of the brigade devolved on me. At 9 a. m. skirmishing with our cavalry in front caused General Mower to move Colonel Hill's brigade to the front, and at 11 o'clock I received orders to move the First Brigade forward, and in a few moments was in motion, arriving at or near the scene of action at 12 m., having moved out by the flank the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Volunteers in advance, Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Taylor commanding, followed by the Ninth Indiana Battery, Captain G. R. Brown commanding; next the Fifty-eighth Illinois, Captain R. W. Healy commanding, with the Eighty-ninth Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel H. Craven commanding, bringing up the rear. I then filed to the left, and moved across the field, forming with my left resting on the woods. From thence I moved forward to a ditch, where I halted to await orders. I soon received orders for the Fifty-eighth Illinois to move forward and join on the left of Colonel Hill's brigade, and for the other two regiments to remain in their position until Colonel Shaw's brigade came up on the right, then to move forward on a line with him. I then sent for the Ninth Indiana Battery, which had been left near the road. In a short time Colonel Shaw's brigade and the battery came up and we moved forward into the timber. Here Colonel Shaw's brigade was halted,

