
nineteenth Illinois Infantry and my regiment the second line, the latter being on the right of the second line, with its right resting on the road by which we came. In this position we stacked arms and rested till about 12.30 p. m., when we moved, under direction of our brigade commander, with the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, into the woods, about 300 yards directly to the left, and formed a new line in conjunction with the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois on our left, facing outward and almost perpendicular to the original line. My regiment remained here less than an hour, when it was moved by General Stone, chief of General Banks' staff, about 300 yards obliquely to the right and front, and posted on a high point of ground in rear of a dry slough or ravine, facing the heavy timber in front, from which the enemy was expected to attack the left flank of our army. The ravine referred to stretched off to our right along the border of the woods to the main road, the open field of Pleasant Hill being on our right and stretching off over a fourth of a mile to our rear, toward the position held by the right of our brigade. One hundred and fifty paces to our right, and in the ravine, was posted Benedict's brigade of the Nineteenth Army Corps, and on the ridge in their rear four guns of a regular battery.

In accordance with the order of Colonel Lynch I had erected a small breast-work of fallen timber for the protection of my men, which General Stone afterward ordered [me] to hold at all hazards. While resting here awaiting the enemy's attack I found that our army was drawn up in the shape of a crescent, the horns of which [extended] toward the enemy. My command formed the tip of the left horn facing the enemy, the right thrown slightly forward. In this position we were not attacked as expected. About 4 p. m. heavy skirmishing commenced on our right, and a few minutes afterward the rebels charged Benedict's brigade, which delivered one or two volleys and fled in disorder. Being hid by an undergrowth of pine the enemy did not observe us, but passed by our right flank, 200 yards distant, like an irresistible avalanche, pursuing the retreating brigade toward the center of the crescent. Observing this, seeing the battery referred to captured, and fearing that we would be cut off and captured, I fell back about 100 paces, changed front so as to face the enemy's flank, and immediately opened fire with deadly effect. In a few minutes the enemy began to stagger under our fire, and finally broke in disorder. I immediately ordered the regiment to charge. The officers and men obeyed with alacrity, drove the rebels back across the ravine to the woods, and recaptured the lost battery and numerous prisoners. At the edge of the wood the enemy made a determined stand, pouring such a deadly volley into our ranks that we were obliged to fall back; but at this moment the Eighty-ninth Indiana, coming to our support, poured in a volley which again put the rebels to flight. My men immediately rallied, again charged with the rest of our line, and followed the flying enemy till darkness put an end to the pursuit. We halted and began to retrace our steps at a point at least 1 mile from where the battle began. During the pursuit my command sent more prisoners to the rear than it had men engaged. Our loss in the action was 5 killed and 32 wounded. Captain John Tobin, of Company K, was killed; he fell while nobly leading his men to the charge.

I am deeply indebted to both officers and men for the brave and heroic manner in which they all did their duty; so nobly did all

