
behave that I cannot particularize one more than another. During the engagement I was ably second by my acting field and staff officer, to whom I am deeply grateful.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOMAS NEWLAN,

Major, Commanding Fifty-eighth Illinois Infty. Vols.

Colonel WILLIAM F. LYNCH,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 41. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Craven, Eighty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of skirmish at Bayou Lamourie and engagement at Yellow Bayou.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH Regiment INDIANA INFTY. VOLS.,Governor Moore's Plantation, La., May 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting to you that the Eighty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry on yesterday, 7th day of May, at the time under my command and comprising a part of the First Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel William F. Lynch, under the command of Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower, both of whom were personally present, were engaged in a skirmish with the enemy on Bayou Lamourie, about 15 miles from Alexandria, La., with the following casualties, to wit:* Officers and men behaved themselves with becoming gallantry, forming line of battle under severe fire, and at once charged and repulsed the enemy.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

HERVEY CRAVEN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighty-ninth Regiment Indiana Vols., Commanding

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH INDIANA INFANTRY VOLS.,Simsport, La., May 19, 1864.

HONORED SIR: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 169, War Department, 1862, I have the honor of reporting to you that the Eighty-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry on yesterday, the 18th instant, under my command and composing a part of the First Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel William F. Lynch generally, but owing to his temporary absence at the onset commanded by Colonel Kinney, of the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois, and under the command of Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower, who was personally present, were engaged in battle with the enemy on Smith's and Norwood's plantations, on Bayou De Glaize, about 5 miles from Simsport, la., with the following casualties, to wit:+

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) reports 4 killed, 11 wounded, and 1 missing.

+ Nominal list (omitted) reports 1 officer (Captain Bedford W. Gifford) and 6 men killed, and 3 officers and 41 men wounded; aggregate, 51.

---------------

