
At about 4 p. m. I came within range of the guns on the enemy's work. I ordered the Third Indiana Battery to take position on or near the main road leading to and within 800 yards of the fort and open fire immediately. i then deployed the Fourteenth Iowa on the right and the Twenty-fourth Missouri on the left of the battery for its support. Lieutenant-Colonel Newbold, commanding Fourteenth Iowa, sent forward two companies of his regiments as skirmishers and took possession of a line of rifle-pits, about 300 yards from the main fort, which enabled me to greatly annoy the emmy's gunners. At this time the fire was exceedingly brisk from both artillery and musketry, which was replied to with equal energy and rapidity from the fort. Colonel Scott, commanding the Thirty-second Iowa, had now arrived with his regiment. I ordered him to the right of an open space on the Marksville road to watch the water battery and support the skirmishers of the Fourteenth Iowa, that by this time extended some distance to the right. This movement was promptly executed, and the position gained with but slight loss. A general assault was now determined on, and I was ordered to advance my brigade, when I heard heavy firing on the left. Colonel Gilbert, commanding Twenty-seventh Iowa, had now arrived, and as my skirmishers from the Fourteenth Iowa had exhausted their ammunition, I ordered him to advance with his regiment to the ground occupied by them. The heavy firing at this time commenced on the left. and the command forward was given to all regiments except the Twenty-fourth Missouri, to which I had already dispatched my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Berg, with the order. but just before his arrival the regiment was ordered forward, and led in person by Brigadier-General Mower, commanding division. The advance was, however, nearly simultaneous with the whole brigade, the different regiments arriving at nearly the same time at the works of the enemy. The Twenty-fourth Missouri, led by General Mower in person, has the honor of being the first of my brigade to plant their colors on the wals of the fort, and as far as my observation went the first that were raised on the works of the enemy. At 6 p. m. the enemy had surrendered. My command had in twelve hours marched 28 miles, been delayed two hours in building a bridge, fought two hours, stormed and assisted in capturing Fort De Russy - a good day's work.

My special thanks are due to Captain Cockefair, Lieutenant Ginn, and the other officers and men of the Third Indiana Battery, for their promptness in bringing on the action and the steady bravery with which they maintained their fire for nearly two hours under the neavy fire of the enemy's batteries; also to Colonel Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa; Colonel Scott, Thirty-second Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel Newbold, Fourteenth Iowa, and Major Fyan, Twenty-fourth Missouri,and all their officers and men, for the promptness and enthusiasm with which they executed all orders, and the good order with which they came into action, after so long and fatiguing a march. I am proud to say that not a single instance came under my observation of any officer or soldier attempting to shun danger or duty during the engagement, and my opportunity was good for observing each regiment as it came under fire. To my staff officers, Captain Granger. Twenty-seventh Iowa; Lieutenant Buell, Fourteenth Iowa; Lieutenant Rapp, Thirty-third Missouri, and Lieutenant Berg, Third Indiana Battery, I am under great obligations for

23 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

