
their valuable assistance rendered during the action; also for the prompt and efficient manner in which they fulfilled the duties of their positions.

A list od casualties has already been forwarded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. SHAW,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First and Third Divs., 16th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 10 a. m., April 9, 1864, I was ordered to report with my brigade, consisting of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, and Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, to Major-General Banks. By him I was ordered to proceed with my command to the front, and report to Brigadier-General Emory, which I did at about 10.30 a. m. Brigadier-General Emory ordered me to relieve Brigadier-General McMillan, who was posted on the left of the Mansfield road and at right angles to it, in a dense thicket, with an old field in front dotted over with small pines. About 100 yards to his front and on his right were for guns of the Twenty-fifth New York Battery. Brigadier-General Dwight's command was posted on McMillan's right, and diagonally to his rear. On the right of the New York battery was a ridge, which completely commanded McMillan's whole line and the town, and which also covered the approach of the enemy. I therefore deemed it proper to occupy this ridge with the Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, and relieve General McMillan with the balance of my brigade. This was accordingly done and General McMillan retired. This left a gap on my left and also threw my right beyond General Dwight's support, but with this disadvantage I considered the position better than the one occupied by the troops I had relieved. At this time General Smith came up, to whom I pointed out the position of my forces, which was approved, except that he ordered me to move my main line farther to the right, which brought three companies of the Fourteenth Iowa in and on the right of the Mansfield road; this, consequently, left a greater gap on my left. General Emory was aware of the changes by my brigade, but I cannot learn that he gave any orders for a corresponding change of Dwight's brigade. General Emory at this time left the front, and I saw no more of him till after dark that night, these dispositions having brought Dwight's brigade in the rear of my second regiment, and nearly perpendicular to my line of battle.

At this time my skirmishers were heavily engaged, and an attack appeared imminent. I deemed it prudent to consult with General Dwight, as General Emory had left that part of the field, and I could nighter find him or any his staff. i accordingly went along the line of his brigade to the place where he had his brigade flag, but could neither find him nor any of his staff, when I was informed by some officers that they had seen an officer near a house in the rear, trying to get a tent pitched, whom they understood to be General Dwight. i accordingly rode to the place, and after much

