
Officers and men are heartily disgusted with this kind of service, and desire to be placed where they can act with honor to themselves and be of service to their country.

May 2.- Moved out on Natchitoches road some 4 miles to support the Thirteenth Army Corps, where it formed line and lay on arms until sunrise of the 3rd.

May 3.- Moved across the country to the Opelousas road and out on the road some 8 miles near Governor Moore's plantation, where it formed line and skirmishing with the enemy, driving them back during the day some 2 1/2 miles. Skirmishing continued each succeeding day until the evening of the 8th, driving the enemy 7 miles, when we were ordered back to camp at Governor Moore's plantation.

May 9.- Were ordered some 4 miles to the rear and right to protect the approaches to Alexandria, between General Mower's forces and the Thirteenth Army Corps.

May 13.- In the evening the brigade marched to Governor Moore's plantation, joining General Smith's forces, which marched from there on the morning of the 14th, covering the retreat of General Banks' army.

May 15.- Arrived at Marksville at night.

May 16.- In the morning a heavy skirmish ensued, which resulted in driving the enemy entirely from the field. Skirmishing more or less severe occurred every day of the march until the 18th, when the advanced army had reached the Atchafalaya, the rear (General Smith) having crossed and lying near Yellow Bayou. On the forenoon of that day the enemy appeared in force in our rear, and this, with two other brigades, was ordered to recross the bayou and meet him. A severe engagement ensued against numbers largely superior to our own, while the balance of our army lay quietly 3 miles distant from the action. The fight lasted until 4.30 p. m., resulting in driving the enemy and capturing nearly 300 prisoners. This brigade lost in killed and wounded 48 men.

May 19.- The brigade lay in line of battle all day and until 2 a. m. of the 20th.

May 20.- Again crossed Yellow Bayou; marched to atchafalaya; crossed and encamped on the opposite side.

May 21.- Marched to mouth of Red River.

May 22.- In the morning embarked on transports.

May 24.- Arrived at Vicksburg early in the morning.

Numbers 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph H. Newbold, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY,On the Steamer Ewing, March 15, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from your headquarters I hasten to send you a list of the killed and wounded, and also a report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Iowa in the capture of Fort De Russy, March 14, 1864. On nearing the enemy, posted within his fortifications, two companies of my command, D and I, under Captain W. C. Jones, Company I, were ordered to deploy as skirmishers to the right of the road, where the enemy's fortifications

