
were supposed to be situated. Much of the ground passed over was wet and swampy, yet the advance was in good order and without a halt, until they reached the outer works of the enemy, within 350 yards of the main fort. The enemy seeing this opened fire on them from the fort, which was returned with telling effect. This was the opening of the battle. I sent out another company, under Lieutenant King, Company K, which took position in the swamp on the left of the other skirmishers, and did good execution. These three companies, aided by one company of the Thirty-second Iowa, which had been ordered to report to Captain Jones, kept up such a destructive fire that it became impossible for the enemy to use his guns, consequently the artillery firing in that direction entirely ceased. I advanced the regiment, which had been posted a short distance in rear of the skirmishers, as you directed, when the firing became brisk on the extreme left of the line. The nature of the ground for a short distance was such as to break the line very much, but as soon as the open field was reached and the command forward was given by the officers, the regiment, joined by the skirmishers, dashed through the field into the ditch and clambered over the parapet into the fort with a shout that drowned the rattle of the enemy's musketry.

Officers and men acted nobly. None were killed. Below is a list* of the wounded, which I am happy to know is very small.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH H. NEWBOLD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Iowa Vol. Infantry.

Colonel WILLIAM T. SHAW,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 44. Report of Captain Warren C. Jones, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from your headquarters I herewith submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry Volunteers in the battle of Pleasant hill. La., April 9, 1864: The regiment moved out to the front with the brigade to which it was attached at a minutes of 11 a. m., taking position upon a line parallel with an open field, the right resting upon a road immediately in rear of the Twenty-fifth New York Battery. Company I, under command of Second Lieutenant G. H. Logan; Company K, under command of Captain William J. Campbell, were deployed as skirmishers across the center of the field, their left resting upon the skirmish line of the Twenty-seventh Iowa. Skirmishing occurred at intervals until 4.30 p. m., when the enemy advanced, by a terrible cavalry charge, our skirmishers rallying in their appropriate places. the Twenty-fifth New York Battery fell back in rear of us. We reserved our fire until the enemy were in easy pistol range, when we opened fire upon them, which almost annihilated them, horses and rides rolling almost within our lines. This charge was followed by an advance of infantry in

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) reports 6 wounded.

---------------

