
two lines, when the conflict became general. The enemy was repulsed in front with a heavy slaughter. The second line advanced upon our front and a line at right angles upon flank, opening a terrible cross-fire. Our right was changed in the new direction to meet the new line. In this deadly cross-fire our lamented lieutenant-colonel, J. H. Newbold, fell from his sores mortally wounded, the ball passing through his body from the right breast, disabling his left arm. Here also fell Lieutenant Logan, Lieutenant McMillen, Lieutenant Shanklin, and Lieutenant Hazlett, officers beloved by all, nobly laying their bodies a bloody sacrifice upon their country's altar.* The long list+ of casualties below clearly indicates the irreproachable bravery and innominate will of the regiment.

Upon the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Newbold I assumed command of the regiment, and I tender my most hearty thanks to the officers, commissioned, non-commissioned, and privates, for the gallant manner in which they sustained their reputation, gained upon the bloody fields of Donelson, Shiloh, Corinth, De Russy, and Pleasant Hill. I withdrew the regiment the rest of the brigade, by your order, at 6 p. m.

WARREN C. JONES,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment Iowa Infy. Vols.

Colonel WILLIAM T. SHAW,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 45. Report of Captain Leroy A. Crane, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Yellow Bayou.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, May 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Bayou De Glaize, La., on the 18th day of May, 1864: After forming my command in line of battle under your direction, and being marched nearly to a belt of timber known as Old Oaks, I marched the regiment by the left flank, as you directed, into the timber to support the Ninth Indiana Battery. The enemy being repulsed I reformed on the main line on the right of a section of the Third Indiana Battery, and again advanced, under a heavy fire from the front and left, and drove the enemy out of the timber and across an open field, a distance of nearly a mile, when I was ordered to halt my command. No further advance was made during the day.

The conduct of both officers and men during the engagement, with very few exceptions, was good. The following is a list++ of killed and wounded, as shown by reports of company commanders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. CRANE,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Iowa Vol. Infantry.

Colonel W. T. SHAW,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., 16th Army Corps.

---------------

* Lieutenant Hazlett was not killed.

+ Nominal list (omitted) shows 19 killed, 61 wounded, and 9 missing; total, 99.

++ Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed and 13 wounded.

---------------

