
No. 46. Report of Colonel James I. Gilbert, Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagements at Pleasant Hill and Yellow Bayou.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFY.,On Board Steamer Diadem, Alexandria, La., March 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to report that while on the march near the town of Marksville, La., on the 14th day of March, 1864, the Twenty-seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry was ordered to halt in the town as provost guards until the army had passed through, after which we were to resume our march. When the column had moved by I assembled the guards and moved rapidly forward, keeping well closed up on the train just in my advance. When cannonading commenced the remainder of the brigade to which my regiment was attached were in the advance, having moved forward while we were on duty as provost guards in the town of Marksville. I immediately sent forward Lieutenant Peck, acting adjutant, to Colonel Shaw, commanding brigade, requesting him that I might be permitted to take my place in the brigade. Lieutenant Peck returned and report to me that he had failed to find Colonel Shaw. I sent him a second time. The request was granted, and were directed to move forward. We were ordered to relieve the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, and moved up to do so, but at that moment a simultaneous charge was ordered. It was a long was to the fort (De Russy). The ground over which we must charge was well cleared of trees. Many logs lay on the ground, and several ditches were to be crossed. At the command, "Forward, double-quick, march!' the entire regiment sprang forward with a will, moving too rapidly at times for a long charge, but all the time under apparent good control. We sprang into the ditch on the east and south sides of the fort, and mounted the parapet in all haste. When the fort was surrendered a part of my regiment, with others of other regiments, joined in a fire of musketry, and with them united in a wild, ringing, vociferous yell of joy. It was the first time we had ever charged upon an enemy's works, and it has not been reported to me that any officer or soldier failed to do his duty and to do it well. Our list of casualties is as follows: Robert Beck, private, Company G, dangerously wounded in the left breast by accidental discharge of gun.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. I. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. T. GRANGER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFY.,Grand Ecore, La., April 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following list of casualties in the Twenty-seventh regiment Iowa Infantry Volunteers at the battle of Pleasant Hill, April 9, 1864, together with remarks:

About 10 a. m. we were ordered into line. Moved 1 1/2 miles on the road to Shreveport and took position on the left center of the brigade,

