
in the advance line, relieving the Fifteenth Maine Volunteer Infantry. Our line was established in the edge of a thick wood. Our men were ordered to lie down. An open field to our front. Company B was immediately thrown out as skirmishers. Firing quite brisk among the skirmishers until 3.30 p. m., the enemy's skirmishers appearing at times and falling back. At 3.30 advanced in force. Our skirmishers fought well until overpowered and driven in. Immediately they resumed their place in the regiment, when the enemy steadily approached in strong columns. At this point a bold cavalry charge was made by the enemy along the Shreveport road. Our men remained quiet until they had approached to within short range, when a full volley was fired into the rebels ranks. The effect was telling. Riders reeled and fell sexless. Horses were struck as dead as if a bolt of heaven had riven the very air. The scene was an appalling one. Scarcely a man who made that charge but met death on the spot. The enemy had moved up on the left of the advance line in strong force. The line had already broken away to the left, and news came from my left that the enemy was flanking us. Already they were firing in our rear. Several shots had taken effect in the ranks of Companies B and G. The enemy advanced in our front in solid columns. We met them with a determined fire. Volley after volley was fired into their ranks. For two hours the rattle of musketry was incessant and deafening. Several shot and a number of shell struck immediately by us, bursting and wounding a number of men. About 5.30 p. m. the order was given to retire, but was not received by me until other regiments had retired leaving both flanks of my regiment greatly exposed. We fell back in good order and in line until the enemy was discovered to be flanking us, when the line was broken, and we escaped through a narrow passage, the enemy pouring a sharp fire upon both flanks, and closing in rapidly on our rear. At thins point a large part of those reported in the following list were killed or wounded.* We immediately formed line in the rear of supporting column and awaited orders.

I am well pleased with the conduct of the men on that occasion. I would like to mention the names of some of the officers and soldiers who distinguished themselves, but all conduct themselves so bravely and so well that I refrain from mentioning any save Captain J. M. Holbrook, Company F, who, after having received a severe wound, led his company with distinguished gallantry until a second severe wound was received, and the regiment had reformed in the rear of the supporting column.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

JAS. I. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. T. GRANGER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFY.,Steamer Diadem, May 26, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Old Oaks, La., on

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) reports 4 men killed, 5 officers and 65 men wounded,, and 14 men missing; total, 88.

---------------

