
the 18th May, 1864: At about 11 a. m. the brigade to which my regiment was attached, commanded by Colonel William T. Shaw, was ordered to move out by the right flank on the Marksville road, which lies parallel with Bayou De Glaize. The brigade moved about 1 mile up Bayou De Glaize, when they were ordered to form line of battle at right angles with the bayou. My post formed the right center of the brigade. We were ordered to advance in line, and moved forward about half a mile, when we were ordered to lie down. We were now about 500 yards in the rear of the advance line of battle. We staid in this position for the space of two hours, subjected meanwhile to the artillery fire of the enemy, which wa very heavy. At 3 p. m. we were ordered to move by the left flank at a double-quick about 500 yards, when we formed a line perpendicularly to the rear of our former line, and at this point we were subjected to a very heavy fire from the small-arms of the enemy, but in about fifteen minutes succeeded in repulsing him. We then changed front again by moving by the right flank and filing right, and remained in this position nearly a half hour, when we were ordered to advance. We moved forward about 1,000 yards through a heavy piece of timber, driving the enemy before us, but as we came out on the open ground the enemy opened on us with grape and canister, forcing us to retire. We fell back to our former position in good order, considering the roughness of the ground and the thickness of the underbrush. We staid in this position about one-half hour, when we were ordered to fall back by the flank nearly a half mile, where we lay until sunset. We were then ordered back to the position occupied by the regiment the night before, where we lay all night. The loss of the regiment was 3 killed and 14 wounded. Officers and men of my command behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery. Where all did so well it is useless to particularize.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. I. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 47. Reports of Colonel John Scott, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, of the capture of Fort De Russy and engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,Steamer Southwestern, near Fort De Russy, La., Mar. 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In relation to the part sustained by my command in the capture of Fort de Russy, on yesterday, I have the honor to report that when the attack commenced my regiment, preceded by the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, Third Indiana Battery, and Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, was approaching on the Marksville road, moving by the right flank and about 2 miles distant. I advanced in this manner as rapidly as was consistent with efficiency until within supporting distance of the battery, and formed line of battle, my left resting on the road. I was here met by Brigadier-General Mower, and ordered into position on the extreme right. To obtain a position partially covered from the fort by uneven ground intervening,

