
also some unifished and unoccupied works, but exposed to the fire of the water battery, it was necessary to cross an open field. this was done under a heavy fire of shells and musketry, which fortunately was too height to be very destructive. One shell exploded in the ranks, killing 1 man and for a moment disabling others by the shock. Presently I ordered forward 12 men to act as sharpshooters, and soon after advanced three companies from my right for the same purpose. While in this position I was ordered, on hearing heavy firing on my left, to advance the command, open fire, and take such cover as I could find within short range of the works, but not to storm them. In obeying this order I soon discovered that the works were to be entered at once. Officers and men dashed forward with shouts into the ditch, over the parapet, and into the fort. In this advance 2 men were wounded, 1 very dangerously, 1 severely. While all behaved well, many acted with conspicuous gallantry. Their highest compliment is in the words of the prisoners: "The men on the right took the fort."

With devout thankfulness that the list is no short I append statement of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient.

JOHN SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. T. GRANGER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: In relation to the engagement at Pleasant Hill, La., on the 9th instant, and the matters intimately connected therewith, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 7th instant, moving from Grand Ecore, according to the order of the march for that day my regiment was in the rear of the brigade. Everything progressed satisfactorily until about 2 p. m., when we encountered the headquarters train of Major-General Banks, entirely blocking the way and hindering our progress. The wagons were overloaded, and were said to contain articles ranging in weight from paper collars to iron bedsteads. in this manner two brigades, including artillery and trains, were delayed more than four hours in the midst of heavy rain-storms. Finally the troops passed by in an effort to reach the assigned camping-ground before dark, but failed, and camped 2 miles short of the proper position, subsistence and camp equipage not coming up until the night was far advanced.

On the 8th, we moved forward 20 miles, and camped near Pleasant Hill at sunset. For several hours had heard heavy artillery some miles in advance. During the night our camp was overrun with stragglers from the front, who circulated the wildest stories of disaster and loss of men, artillery, and trains.

On the morning of the 9th, these were repeated and exaggerated. The road was seen to be filled with teams crowing to the rear. Evidences of past defeat and prospective retreat were everywhere visible. These were the moral surroundings as any command was moved to the extreme front, and took position in line of battle at 10

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted shows 1 killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

