
a. m., relieving a portion of the Nineteenth Corps. My opinion in line, being on the extreme left of the brigade, was supported on the right by the other regiments of the brigade, and more immediately by the Twenty-seventh Iowa Infantry. My left, for some reason still unknown to me, was without support, through threatened, an might be considered a key to the whole position. I rested in the edge of a woods in the rear of an old field, which extended for a mile to my front, and across which my skirmishers occasionally exchanged shots with the enemy's pickets throughout the day, but without casualty to my command. Our line was at right angles to the mansfield road, and about 1 mile from the village of Pleasant Hill. About 4 p. m. the activity of the enemy's skirmishers increased, and in a short time he advanced across the open space in our front in heavy force, moving in column by battalion, deploying as he advanced. My skirmishers were recalled, and my left company, which had been thrown forward and to the left to cover my exposed flank, was forced back with some loss, and took its proper position in the line. The fire of my command was reserved until the enemy was within easy range, and when opened was so destructive that he faltered, passed to my left and through the open space to my rear, losing heavily by the fire of my left wings he passed, but threatening to cut off my command from our main forces. I at once sent information to my superior and to the commander of the troops on my immediate right of this peril to the whole line, but without orders to abandon my position, though very critical, I could do nothing but change the front of my extreme left to face the new danger, and protect my flank and rear, if possible. This was done, and a well-directed fire kept up to the front and left, which kept the enemy at day.

Mean time he was steadily pouring whis columns past my left, and working across the rear of my position, so that in a short time the battle was in full force far in my rear. In this state of affairs I discovered that all the troops on my right had been withdrawn, taking with them a portion of my right wing. Lieutenant-Colonel Mix, in charge of the right wing, and Captain Miller, commanding Company B, on my extreme right, fell fatally wounded. My attention had been chiefly directed to the front and left, as the exposed directions, and I only came to a knowledge of the retrograde of the right when the first three companies were already gone. The timber and undergrowth were such that I could not observe my whole line from any one point. The movement was promptly checked, but the ground thus left vacant was promptly occupied by the enemy, and a destructive fire opened upon us from a new direction, rendering it necessary that it should be met by a new line, which was done. My lines now faced in three directions. I was completely enveloped, without orders, and virtually in the hands of the enemy, ahd he dared to close in and overwhelm us with his masses now around us. This was my position until after sunset, by which time the enemy had left my front, passing now by my right to the rear, where the fight was still raging, and observing by the fire and the cheers of our men that he had been forced back on the left, and that our forces in that direction could not be distant, I moved by the left flank about 200 yards to the left and rear, where i met and joined our most advanced troops. My brave men were nearly out of ammunition, which for the past hour had been well husbanded. They were exhausted, but not dismayed, and left that the battle-field was ours. I

