
inclose a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, a total of 210, which I desire may be considered a part of this report.*

Owing to all parties from my command being unable to pass the picket-lines during the night to visit the wounded still upon the field, and then compelled to abandon them very unexpectedly in the morning, there is a degree of uncertainly in relation to the casualties that is extremely embarrassing and painful. I fear the number of fatal casualties will exceed the number stated, and that of those marked "missing" many are killed or wounded. From an early period of the action our position was such that disabled men seeking the hospital would necessarily fall into the hands of the enemy in our rear. Lieutenant Colonel Edward H. Mix fell at his post, cheering and encouraging the command by his example. The same was the glorious fate of Captain Amos B. Miller. In them, as also in Captain Hubert F. Peebles, Captain Michael Ackerman, First Lieutenant John Devine, all dangerously wounded, and First Lieutenant Thomas O. Howard. fatally wounded, I mourn the loss of good men as well as gallant soldiers. The record of others is found in casualty list, and in the body of this report. To Captain Jonathan Hutchinson my especial thanks are due, not only for his gallant conduct, but also for repressing reckless exposure among the men of the command, and thus saving valuable lives. His son, a youth of much promise, was killed by his side early in the action.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN SCOTT,

Colonel Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, Commanding Regiment

Colonel WILLIAM T. SHAW,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 48. Report of Major Gustavus A. Eberhart, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Yellow Bayou.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND IOWA INFANTRY,Steamer Southwestern, May 23, 1864.

SIR: In relation to the part taken by my command in the action on bayou De Glaize, on the 18th instant, I have the honor to report that at 10 a. m. regiment was ordered forward with the brigade to engage the enemy. In the brigade we occupied the position of Third Battalion; on the right, Twenty-seventh iowa and Twenty-fourth missouri, on the left, the Fourteenth Iowa was detached as support. A few minutes after, the cavalry on the left, being pressed very heavily, gave way, permitting the enemy to bring a heavy force against the left. At this time I received orders to move by the left into the woods; but the enemy having advanced so rapidly as the batteries came out, Brigadier-General Mower in person gave me orders to change front by filing the battalion to the left, which was done in time to meet the attack. Being at the left of the battalion I found the right to have been detached from the Twenty-seventh Iowa and moved back to a ditch, forming an oblique line toward the enemy. This, I have

---------------

* See addenda to Smith's report, p. 313.

---------------

