HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH MISSOURI INFANTRY VOLS.,Mouth of Red River, May 21, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders received, the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers moved out with the brigade on the morning of the 18th instant, and formed line of battle near Bayou De Glaize, on the ridge of the brigade, remaining in that position until ordered forward to support the First Missouri Artillery.* On moving near the point designated I found the battery limbered up and going to the rear, leaving one gun that appeared to be disabled by having all its horses killed.

Captain Sample, assistant adjutant-general First and Third Divisions, ordered the regiment to take position on the left of the gun, the right of the regiment near the road next the bayou, and the left not quite against the Thirty-third Missouri Infantry Volunteers. In this position we waited the advance of the rebels, who could be distinctly seen moving forward in line of battle, As they were crossing the open field in front of us we received orders to advance, which we did, opening a destructive fire on the enemy, driving them before us until we were recalled by reason, as we understood, of the left of our line being outflanked. Falling back to our original position, we lay under a very heavy artillery fire until the enemy again made appearance in much heavier force. Their line extended to the bayou, and they were suffered to approach until they had passed the field, and were coming on, apparently confident they would meet with no resistance, when General Mower ordered us to charge, which the regiment did in gallant style. The first fire we gave the enemy the two regiments on their left broke and fled, and the Twenty-fourth Missouri were flanking the Fifteenth Texas, with every reason to believe we could have captured them, as they were throwing down their arms and giving up as we were clothing, when we received an order, the second time, to fall back, which we did, carrying our prisoners with us. In falling back we were under very heavy artillery fire, and after we reached our original position they continued pouring shot and shell into us. Late in the evening we were ordered back, and fell in with our brigade as they returned to camp. Several of the regiment were seen struck, and our casualties were 2 killed and 13 wounded. Where every officer and soldier did his whole duty it would be impossible to make distinctions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. FYAN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 50. Reports of Captain James M. Cockefair, Third Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD INDIANA BATTERY,Steamer Sioux City, March 20, 1864.

COLONEL: At about 3.30 p. m. on the 14th instant, while on the road running from the little town of Marksville, La., to Fort De Glaize, on Red River, my battery was ordered forward on double-quick

