
to open fire on that fortification, which was immediately done. The whole battery was put in position at about 800 yards from the outermost works of the fort (looking in the direction from which we came), at right angles to and on the road which we went in on, and just in a woods. with about 300 yards of cleared space between the woods and the enemy's works. The firing was commenced by us at 4.15 p. m., and was immediately replied to by the enemy, with two 24-pounder, one 7-inch rifled, and two 26-pounder smooth-horses (iron), and was kept up with spirit on both sides until 6 o'clock. The officers and men of my command did their duty well, and behaved with commendable courage throughout the whole action; we fired near 400 rounds. Casualties in killed and wounded were, Private Charles T. Berkau, severely wounded in the head by a piece of shell, and 2 artillery horses disabled.

respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. COCKEFAIR,

Captain Third Indiana Battery.

Colonel W. T. SHAW,

Commanding Brigade.

CAMP THIRD INDIANA BATTERY LIGHT ARTY.,

Near Grand Ecore, La., April 18, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with your circular of the 17th instant, in relation to the operations of the Third Indiana Battery Light Artillery, since it left Alexandria, La., I beg leave to make the following report, viz: On the morning of the 26th of March, 1864, the battery, in company with the army, left Alexandria and marched overland to a point on red River about 22 miles above Alexandria, arriving there at about 4 p. m. on the 27th following. March 29, embarked on transport Sioux City and William L. Ewing at Bayou Cotile Landing, Red River, and on the 2nd of April following left the same with the fleet of the Red River expedition and proceeded up Red River. April 3, arrived at Grand Ecore Landing, disembarked, and encamped near the same. April 7, 7.30 a. m., left camp and marched to Pleasant Hill, La., distance 38 miles, arriving near the same 6.30 p. m. on April 8. April 9, left camp at 8.30 a. m. and marched to Pleasant Hill, and was engaged in the action with the enemy at that place on the same day. Had 3 men slightly wounded in the same. Remained on the battle-field until 3 a. m. of the 10th instant, when we received orders to retreat to this place, where we arrived at about sundown of the 11th instant. On the 15th of this month a foraging party from my company, consisting of 12 men, all mounted, started in company with other across the river from this, and when about 3 miles from the same they were surprised and surrounded by a party of the enemy's troops. Loss on my part, 6 men, 10 horses, 10 saddles, 10 bridles, 10 halters, and 10 blankets. Six of the men of my party with 2 horses succeeded in making good their escape and arriving safely in camp.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES M. COCKEFAIR,

Captain Third Indiana Battery Light Arty., Commanding

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery.

