
rounds of ammunition. I have to report no casualty of any kind in my command that day, nor any loss expect the expenditure of ammunition and wear of material consequent upon hard service. My command deserves credit for their conduct during the whole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. GINN,

First Lieutenant, Third Indiana Battery, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant W. G. DONNAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 52. Report of Colonel Ridson M. Moore, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part my command took in the battle of Pleasant Hill. On the night of the 8th of April my brigade was encamped on the left of the main road leading from Natchitoches to Pleasant Hill, and about 1 mile east of the latter place. At 2 a. m. the morning of the 9th, the brigade was ordered under arms, and at 4 a. m. I received an order to send one regiment to picket a road about three-fourths of a mile to our left. I sent the One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry to perform this duty. It was moved from the position assigned it at 2 p. m. a half a mile to the extreme left, and 4 p. m. the regiment was again moved, ordered to cover three roads immediately on the left of the line of battle, in which position it remained until the battle was over. The regiment was in the action, and no casualties. At 9 a. m., in obedience to orders from division headquarters, I moved the Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry and One hundred and seventy-eighth New Your Infantry and Third Indiana Battery, temporarily assigned to my command, 1 mile west an open field and formed them into column of regiments, with the battery between, the right resting on the road. In that position they remained until 2 p. m., when the Third Indiana was relieved by the Ninth Indiana Battery, which was placed in position on an elevated spot on the left of the road, with the One hundred and seventy-eighth Regiment New Your Volunteers, and formed them in line of battle. In a few minutes afterward the enemy came rushing on the field in pursuit of a regiment which had been posted in our front all day. As my command and the battery which I was supporting could not open on the enemy on account of this retreating regiment, and the battery belonging to the Nineteenth Corps in our front, I instructed the commanders of regiments to cause their men to lie down. This was scarcely done when the enemy, advancing on a furious charge, fired into my command, whereupon both regiments

