
arose and delivered their fire. At this time my command suffered most severely, being exposed at the same time to a murderous fire of musketry and artillery, at short range, grape, shell, and spherical case being freely used. This caused my command momentarily to waver. This was speedily checked and a charge ordered, when my command advanced on the double-quick on the enemy, and drove them rapidly back across the field, a distance of half a mile, in fifteen minutes. Near the woods at a deep ditch the enemy resisted very stubbornly, but they were soon driven back in confusion. My command entered the woods with the One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers on the left of the Forty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry. Both Regiments continued to advance, and the Forty-ninth Regiment captured two pieces of artillery with caissons, said to belong to Nims' battery. After my command had proceeded a quarter of a mile it was halted by Captain J. B. Sample, assistant adjutant-general First and third Divisions, to prevent our forces from being cut off by the enemy, who were making a flank movement to the right. I halted the command, when a furious fire was opened us by musketry and artillery. I then moved the command to the right and rear, and formed it on the left of the Third Brigade. First Division. It had in the mean time become quite dark. One more general Charge was made, in which my command participated. The enemy now gave way rapidly and the firing ceased. My command was then formed on the left of the battle-field, in which position it remained for two hours, when it was ordered forward 2 1/2 miles. At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 10th I was ordered to be ready to move at a moment's notice. At 3 a. m. my command was ordered to return to Grand Ecore. During the action both officers and men of the regiments under my command behaved well. Thanks are due to my staff officers, who rendered me valuable assistance. The casualties which occurred in the two regiments in the action have been previously furnished.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. MOORE,

Colonel 117th Illinois Volunteers, Commanding

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st and 3rd Divs., 16th Army Corps.

Numbers 53. Report of Major Thomas W. Morgan, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH Regiment ILL. VET. VOL. INFY.,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the 7th instant, in accordance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, my command took up the line of march on road leading from this place to Shreveport, La. On evening of 8th, camped near Pleasant Hill. On morning of the 9th, was in line of battle at an early hour. About 9 o'clock advanced about 1 mile to Pleasant Hill, and took position in the open field with the right resting on the road. There was no change during the day until about 4 o'clock, when the enemy

---------------

* Embodied in addenda to Smith's report, p. 313.

---------------

