
in heavy force hotly engaged the Second Brigade, in position directly in front of my command. In a few moments the forty-ninth was ordered forward double-quick and took position in rear of Second Brigade, exposed to a murderous fire and unable to return it on account of a portion of Second Brigade being in our front. The regiment laid down and remainder in line in that position until the line in front was driven back and the enemy advancing rapidly, when, being unsupported, my command was forced to fall back a short distance and rallied on the right of the One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry. A charge was now ordered along the line, and my command charged across the open field, driving the enemy before it, entering the timber, capturing 2 pieces of artillery and 100 prisoners, and proceeded to an open field about 1 1/2 miles beyond the point of attack. At this point the enemy attacked my right flank and forced me to fall back to a point in the open field, where I reformed with the remainder of the brigade and again advanced to the edge of the timber. It was now dark an firing had ceased. During the engagement both officers and men of my command acted with the utmost coolness and bravery. Below is a list of the casualties of my command.*

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant, sir,

THOS. W. MORGAN,

Major, Commanding Forty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infy.

Lieutenant S. H. DENNEN, acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Merriam, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. 117TH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the aport my command took in the battle of Pleasant Hill. At 4 a. m. of the 9th of April, 1864, I took position, by order of the division commander, upon the left to prevent a supposed movement to turn our left. Some time after sunrise I was ordered to join the brigade, then just leaving camp, which order was obeyed. Shortly after I received an order to return immediately to my former position, where I remained until 2 o'clock in the day. From this position I was moved a half mile farther to the extreme left on a main road, which I was specially instructed to guard and hold. Shortly after reaching this new position the battle of Pleasant Hill commenced. As the fight became heavier on the left I was ordered by General Mower to cover three roads immediately upon the left of the line of battle. I disposed of my command upon these roads so as to protect them from any contemplated attack. Here I remained until the engagement ended. As no demonstrations were made on that part of the line, the regiment did not become engaged.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

J. MERRIAN,

Lieutenant General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 8 men killed, 1 officer and 29 men wounded, and 11 men missing.

---------------

