
Numbers 55. Report of Colonel Edward Wehler, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Infantry, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HEADQUARTERS 178TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Frand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the action near Pleasant Hill, La., on the 9th instant: The regiment was marched from its camp near road in the forenoon of that day, about a mile to the front, and there placed in position, its right resting on the road. It thus remained, with slight alternations, until about 4p. m., when the enemy attacked and overthrew the troops in front and drove them back upon the reserves. This attack was sudden and the advance of the enemy most rapid. A regiment lying a short distance in front of my command rose suddenly when the enemy appeared, turned, and broke. Momentarily the panic was communicated to my command, which fell back in considerable confusion for a few paces, when by the exertions of the officers the men rallied and at once advanced upon the enemy with the other regiments of the brigade. Part of a battery which had been placed in our front had fallen into the hands of the enemy, but there his farther advance was checked. The battery was recovered by a spirited charge of the brigade, in which my command took part, and the enemy driven back despite a determined resistance. This pursuit was continued across the open fields, immediately in front, into the woods, for a distance of nearly 2 miles. The regiment remained there until darkness put a stop to the fighting, when it was ordered to the edge of the woods, from where it was shortly afterward again marched to the front on the road, remaining by the same a distance in advance during the night. The officers and men under my command behaved well, and it would be injustice to name a few where all deserve praise.

I beg to refer to the annexed list of casualties,* and remain,

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD WEHLER,

Colonel 178th New Your Volunteers, Commanding

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

Numbers 56. Reports of Brigadier General T. Kilby Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Red River Expedition, Fort De Russy, March 16, 1864.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your request I have the honor to transmit unofficially brief statement of progress of the naval forces and General A. J. Smith's command in the Red River expedition to Present date, 12 m.: The fleet of transport sailed from Vicksburg at 7 p. m. on Thursday, 10 instant. The detachment I have the

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed, 5 officers and 17 men wounded, and 7 men missing.

---------------

