HDQRS. DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Steamer Hastings, Grand Ecore, La., April 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report, in accordance with orderes from General A. J. Smith, commanding Red River expedition: On the 7th instant I received the following order and letter of instructions from General A. J. Smith:
HEADQUARTERS RED RIVER EXPEDITION,On Steamer Clara Bell, April 7, 1864.

Brigadier General T. K. SMITH,

Commanding Division, Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will take charge of the river transportation belonging to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps, and will conduct it to the mouth of Loggy Bayou, opposite Springfield, at the foot of Lake Cannisnia, and will then, after a careful reconnaissance toward Springfield, disembark one regiment and push it toward to bayou Pierre, and hold the bridge at that point. On arriving at Mansfield I will endeavor to communicate with you at Springfield, and it may be send for supplies. From Mansfield you will receive orders in regard to your movement toward Shreveport.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

With the letter of instructions I received a verbal order from General Smith to communicate with Rear-Admiral Porter previous to starting, and intimation to consult with him during the progress of the fleet. In obedience to orders, on the 7th of April, I embarked my command on the following steam-boats: Hastings, Emerald, W. L. Ewing, Thomas E. Tutt, and the Sioux City, and the following boats reported to me for orders: Clara Bell, Liberty, Hamilton, J. H. Lacy, Mars, Des Moines, Adriatic, Southwester, and Diadem, and issued the following order:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. Steamer Hastings, Grand Ecore, La., April 7, 1864.

I. The fleet will be prepared to sail at 11 a. m. in the following order: 1, Hastings; 2, Clara Bell; 3, Emerald; 4, W. L. Ewing; 5, Liberty; 6, Hamilton; 7, J. H. Lacy; 8, Thomas E. Tutt; 9, Sioux City; 10, Mars; 11, Des Moines; 12, Adriatic; 13, Southwester; 14, Diadem.

The same orders and signals as heretofore will be enforced and strictly followed.

Colonel J. B. Moore, commanding First Brigade, will furnish a company, properly officered, to each of the following boats as a guard: Clara Bell, Liberty, Hamilton, and J. H. Lacy. Colonel L. M. Ward, commanding Second Brigade, will furnish a like guard to the steamer Mars, Des Moines, Adriatic, Southwester, and Diadem.

The officers in command of the guard will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of their men. The guard to be divided into proper reliefs, and must not take off their accouterments while on guard. None of the transport will land or troops debark, except by order of the commanding general or brigade commanders.

* * * * * * *

At 1 p. m. the fleet sailed and arrived at Campti at 5 p. m., when the following order was issued:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Campti, La., April 7, 1864.

I. Whenever the fleet lands for the night, Colonel J. b. Moore, commanding First Brigade, will throw out a strong picket on the bank, covering the fleet from the steamer Hastings to the steamer Thomas E. Tutt. Colonel L. M. Ward, commanding Second Brigade, will establish a like picket, covering all the fleet in rear of the steamer Thomas E. Tutt, his line joining that of Colonel Moore. The pickets will be posted under the direction of the brigade officer of the day. The pickets will be instructed to come in at the signal for starting - one long whistle.

II. The order of march is modified as follows: Clara Bell will move in the extreme rear of the fleet, under convoy of the gun-boat Chillicothe, and will report to the commanding officer of the same for orders.

