
III. The following boats that have not reported for orders will sail immediately in rear of the fleet in the following order: 1, Rob Roy; 2, Iberville; 3, John Warner; 4, Universe; 5, Colonel Cowles; 6, Meteor.

IV. The Black Hawk, General Banks' headquarters boat, will move immediately in rear of the steamer Hastings and as consort. Lieutenant A. J. Boyington, Ninety-fifth Illinois Volunteers, will report with his company on board steamer Black Hawk as guard till further orders.

V. Colonel J. B. Moore, commanding First Brigade, will furnish each of the following boats with a guard of at least 25 men, under command of a commissioned officer: Rob Roy, Iberville, John Warner, and Universe. Colonel L. M. Ward, commanding Second Brigade, will furnish each of the following boats with a like guard: Colonel Cowles, Meteor, and Shreveport.

* * * * * * *

I also issued the following general order:

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. Steamer Hastings, Campti, La., April 7, 1864.

Each transport of the fleet will be governed by the signals ordered by the rear-admiral commanding Mississippi Squadron, a copy of which will be posted in the pilot-house. they will keep their position indicated in the order of march. If accident will land for fuel or any purpose save by order, and transport will frequently communicate their condition and requirements to the commanding general on the headquarters boat Hastings. The most rigid discipline will be enforced by military commanders, not only upon the soldiers who guard the boats, but the crews and servants of the same, being careful, however, to treat steam-boat officers with courtesy, and avoiding improper interference with the navigation of the boats. Pillaging will not be countenanced, and officers will be held personally and strictly accountable for their commands.

Attention is directed to Special Orders, Numbers 2, prohibiting the landing of soldiers without orders, and the same order will apply to the officers, screws, and servants of the boats.

* * * * * * *

Learning from scouts at Campti that the enemy was in the vicinity, I ordered Colonel Moore to send a regiment to reconnoiter. The result of their reconnaissance was advised that the enemy passed up the river rapidly.

April 8, got under way at 10.30 a. m., being delayed by the Iberville getting aground and the necessity of relieving her of a portion of her cargo, she drawing at that time 6 feet 6 inches. Arrived at Coushatta Point 6 p. m.,and learning that the enemy were at or near the chute, 6 miles above by water and 3 miles by land, I ordered Colonel Ward to debark his brigade and proceed to Coushatta Chute, with instructions to keep up communication with me through the night, and be prepared to re-embark at that place in the morning. The enemy retired before them, and during the night 2 prisoners were sent in; one Captain Richard S. Venables detached to burn cotton. April 9, got under way at 9 a. m. Shortly after re-embarked Colonel Ward's command and arrived at Nine-Mile Bend at 5.30 p. m. On the 8th and 9th, we heard rumors of the battle, but mostly going to show that the enemy were defeated and in full retreat. April 10, got under way at 10 a. m., arriving at Loggy Bayou at 2 p. m. At that point the large steam-boat New Falls City had been thrown across the river by the enemy, heavily loaded with mud, and sunk. Agreeably to my instructions, I immediately debarked troops for reconnaissance, and while placing my command received a verbal message, through Colonel Taylor, delivered by Captain Andrew, from General Banks, to return the messenger, at the same time announcing reverses at Mansfield. I consulted with Rear-Admiral Porter, and ordered the fleet to back down the river in

