
both boats getting clear I ran with them down to this point, and have to report that notwithstanding difficult navigation the transport are all safe in port, without loss of cargo save less than a hundred sacks of oats, thrown overboard from the Universe, to make room for hardtack in relieving the Iberville. The following is the list of casualties:*

I desire to compliment, in this connection, for their steadiness of nerve under fire and prompt obedience to all orders, the following gentleman, officers of the steam-boat Hastings: Captain W. K. Houston, George Davis, first mate; Paul Woodward, second mate, and Robert Easley, pilot. These deserve special mention, and their gallantry saved the boat. Colonel Moore, Colonel Ward, and the officers and soldiers of this command without any exsection, behaved with the greatest gallantry. I respectfully ask to be permitted to file, in a supplementary report, the reports of those officers when they shall be prepared.

N. B.- The distance from Grand Ecore to Loggy Bayou is 110 miles.

I may also remark that the last battery we encountered was planted by Colonel [General] Liddell (said to command a force of from 1,500 to 2,500 men) on a bluff on the north side of the river. The fleet was huddled together. I had reason to expect an attack from the south side. Intervening between that part of the river and the bluff was White Lake. Had I debarked the whole or any portion of my command to dislodge the battery I should not only have left the boats unguarded but should have been compelled to march 6 miles around the borders of this lake. I took all the circumstances under full consideration and determined to remain with the fleet. From information received since, and from the general results, I feel confident my course was the correct one.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. KILBY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., May 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following synopsis report of the part taken by my command in the Red River expedition:

First. My command consists as follows: First Brigade, Colonel J. B. Moore commanding, composed of Thirty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, Major H. H. Virgin commanding; Third Iowa Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel James Tullis commanding; Forty-first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Nale commanding. Second Brigade, Colonel L. M. Ward commanding, composed of Ninety-fifth Illinois Volunteers, Colonel T. W. Humphrey commanding; Eighty-first Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Rogers commanding; Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Polleys commanding; and commanding, numbering in rank and file 2,237.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) reports 2 killed and 17 wounded.

---------------

