
1 p. m.; moved up the river to a point where the enemy had sunk a transport (the New Falls City) in such a manner that it obstructed our further passage. We met with no obstructions previous to arriving worthy of note. At 2 p. m., April 10, arriving here the signal was given for the troops to land, and they had landed when orders were received for us to return, but the river being very narrow we proceeded but slowly during that night and the next day, April 12, at 9 a. m., was fired upon from the left bank, and they continued firing upon us at intervals until 4 p. m. from that bank, when the First Brigade and one section of my battery, being some distance in rear of the fleet, were attacked from the right bank with cavalry, infantry, and artillery, supposed to be a part of the command from Pleasant Hill. They made three desperate charges up to the very edge of the bank, but they were repulsed each time with heavy loss on their side. The section did much execution in breaking and destroying their [battery,] especially the piece that I had places upon the hurricane roof; it being a commanding position, was elevated with much precision as well as fired very rapidly during the engagement, which lasted some two hours, when the boat moved down some 4 miles and tied up for the night. April 13, moved down the stream some 5 miles, when we came upon battery that the had planted on the left bank on some bluffs (called Pine Hills) that obstructed our further passage. The gun that I had on the hurricane roof being in a commanding position, I fired several destructive [shots] into it, when that boat received a shot that pierced her staircases and struck her furnace, exploding, severely wounding 2 fireman, when the boat moved back under cover of the right bank. During the night the enemy moved their battery, and we met with no more obstructions worthy of note	until arriving at Grand Ecore, where we arrival at 4 p. m. April 14.

I would make special mention that Lieutenant Shepherd, who had command of the section on the Thomas E. Tutt, performed his duty in the most commendable manner. I would also make mention that the men of both sections conducted themselves in the most brave and soldierly manner. I would make special mention of Sergeant Skipp and his detachment, for their cool and deliberate bravery while manning the gun upon the hurricane roof during the afternoon of the 12th of April. Number of rounds of ammunition fired, 162; casualties, none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. TIEMEYER,

First Lieutenant Missouri Light Arty., Commanding Battery M.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 58. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew W. Rogers, Eighthy-first Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations April 7-13.
HDQRS. EIGHTHY-FIRST ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Grand Ecore, La., April 16, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular just received I have the honor to make the following report of the engagements in which my regiment

25 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

