
was engaged: According to orders my regiment embarked on the 7th instant, on board transport, in the following order: Myself, field and staff, on the Thomas E. Tutt; Company B, First Lieutenant Edmund Newsome commanding, on the steamer Southwester; H Company, Second Lieutenant L. G. Porter commanding, on the steamer Diadem; and I Company, First Lieutenant O. F. Richmond commanding, on the steamer Adriatic. The passage up the river was effected without anything passing worthy of note until reached Loggy Bayou, when we received orders to return to Grand Ecore immediately. Our retrograde movements was begun on the evening of the 11th. On the 12th we were not molested. On the morning of the 13th, at the mouth of a bayou opposite Sringdale, we were fired into by an enemy upon the left bank of the river. The fire was returned with spirit and animation while in range, without any casualties in my regiment. A few miles below shots were fired by an unseen enemy without effect; a few volleys from us silenced them, and without further hinderance were suffered to proceed until about 3 p. m., when from a heavy woods in a bend of the river we were again fired upon with more animation than before, which was returned with gallantry and spirit by my regiment from behind rudely constructed breast-works of bales of hay and cracker upon hurricane deck while in range. In this affair 2 men were severely wounded, 1 on board the steamer Thomas E. Tutt and 1 on the steamer Adriatic. On the 13th, the enemy had posted a battery of four guns, supported with infantry, 7 miles above Campti, which kept up a severe cannonade upon all the boats that attempted to run by, and from the position of our boats, shots from their batteries were thrown among us, though no reply could be made. The shelling was borne with unflinching courage. On the morning of the 14th, we ran down to Campti, and arrived at Grand Ecore in the afternoon. I cannot too highly praise the coolness and bravery of both officers and men in their untiring vigilance and promptness to duty, lying on arms for seventy-two hours, constantly repelling the attacks of a desperate enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN M. READ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 59. Reports of Colonel Thomas W. Humphrey, Ninety-fifth Illinois Infantry, of operations March 16 - April 15.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Fort De Russy, La., March 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor that, in obedience to orders from Colonel L. M. Ward, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, Red River expedition, of date 8 a. m., 16th instant, I immediately proceed to destroy the fortifications of the enemy known as Fort De Russy, they having been surrendered to our forces on the 14th instant. I moved my command under arms from the brigade camp, stacking arms within the fortifications,

