
which cover an area of about 17,500 square yards. The works were very formidable, being by far the most scientifically and permanently constructed works of the enemy I have seen, and, with our limited appliances, very difficult of destruction. The interior slope of the main redoubt, covering an area of about 2,500 square yards, was wholly rivetted with heavy 14-inch square timbers, firmly pinned upon each other, mortises and tenoned at the angles. These, with great labor, were one by one wedged off, pulled down with ropes, and piled for burning. The extensive covered ways for commissary stores were demolished, and the constructive material also prepared for burning. All this was accomplished at 5 a. m., and as my orders were to burn nothing until further orders, I complimented my command for the zeal with which they had worked and the success of their labor, and marched them back to the brigade camp, distant only about 150 yards from the fort. At 7 p. m. I was notified that the magazines (three of them within the main redoubt, one of them containing about 50 kegs and barrels of powder) would be exploded at 8 o'clock, and ordered to embark my transportation, and to burn immediately after the explosion the timbers I had previously prepared for that purpose, and be ready to embark my men at an early hour. I received no orders to remove my command to a place of greater safety, and did not feel at liberty to move from my position in the brigade without orders. My company commanders were notified of the danger, and the men fell back from 100 to 200 yards, availing themselves of such protection as they best could. One and two hours passed beyond the appointed time, and the explosion did not take place. The night was cold, and the men weary from their day's work. One by one many of them resought their bunks and bivouac fire, when, at about 10.30 o'clock, the magazines blew up with terrific explosion, sinking the earth beneath one's feet, and filling the air for hundreds of yards with timbers, huge lumps of hard red clay, and other dangerous missiles. Samuel Snyder, Company A, left leg broken by a lump of hard red clay, so as to require amputation above the knee, and he is not expected to live. The right arm of Allen Giles, Company F, was broken in the same manner; Lieutenant John D. Abbe, acting adjutant, was slightly wounded in the face; also several others, while many narrowly escaped death. A few minutes after the explosion of the magazines an iron field piece, situated in the west part of the fort, was burst, scattering the fragments of the piece through the brigade camp, killing among others in the brigade, Private Samuel H. Jackson, Company C, of my regiment. About 12 o'clock I proceeded to burn the piled timbers, which left the fortifications in ruins, and as thoroughly destroyed as possible within such a limited time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. HUMPHREY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN M. READ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Grand Ecore, La., April 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that while at Grand Ecore, La., on the 7th instant, in obedience to orders I embarked on board steamer

