
I neglected to state sooner that I had taken the precaution to fortify my decks as much as possible with hay, hard bread, and every available article, so that my men were quite well protected from musketry, to which precaution and the admirable coolness with which my sharpshooters played upon the enemy I attribute in a great measure my escape with so little loss.

Mr. Thaddeus Sederburg, the head pilot on the steamer Sioux City, disgracefully deserted the pilot-house when the first shell was fired, leaving Captain Woolfolk (of whose coolness and bravery I cannot speak in too high terms) alone at the wheel. The second pilot, Mr. Lewis Allen, at the time below, went to the pilot-house. While the boat was under fire, the chief engineer did his full duty. The steamer Black Hawk was also fired upon with artillery and musketry from the same point, three of the shells striking her. One man wounded, nut not of Company A. The steamer Meteor was also fired upon by the same battery, one shot entering the pilot-house. none of Company C wounded. Company I was ordered to steamer John Warner, and from her to steamer Universe, receiving while on the latter below Campti, on the 14th instant, a heavy fire of musketry from the west bank of the River; no casualties. The various transport reached Grand Ecore during afternoon of the 14th and on the 15th instant.

Total casualties, 1 killed and 11 wounded. I take this opportunity to manifest my appreciation of the coolness and bravery displayed by the officers and men of my regiment under such trying circumstances, and feel that they are true soldiers and may be relied upon in any emergency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. HUMPHREY,

Colonel Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JOHN M. READ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 60. Reports of Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding First Division and Nineteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the First Division at the battles of Sabine Cross-Roads and Pleasant Hill on the 8th and 9th instant: At 3.40 p. m. on the 8th, while bivouacked at a stream 7 miles east of Sabine Cross-Roads, I received orders to march to the front with two days' rations. A delay of a few minutes was caused in issuing the rations, when the division marched rapidly forward without a single halt. When within 3 miles of the field of battle the head of my column was met by a cloud of fugitive negroes on horseback, followed soon after by masses of cavalry, wagons, and ambulances in the utmost confusion. The head of my column, undaunted by this awful spectacle, only quickened their pace to the front. About this time I received several messages from the major-

