
to charge the enemy. Behind this line most of the Third Brigade railed, some joining themselves to McMillan's brigade and some to General Smith's command; all moved forward together, and drove in the enemy's right flank more than 1 1/4 miles. Seeing their right wing driven in and thrown upon their left wing, they renewed their attack with great vigor upon my right, but were repulsed with great slaughter, and during the whole day my right, which was in echelon in front of the rest of my line, held its ground against several determined assault. Our loss this day was, in killed, wounded, and missing, 28 officers and 473 men. As soon as they are received I shall forward the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, and take advantage of the opportunity to call to the notice of the major-general commanding the officers and regiments which have most distinguished themselves.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Nineteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES IN W. LA.,Grand Ecore, April 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded:

I desire also to express my sense of the great gallantry and good sense and military judgment shown by Brigadier-General Emory in the battles reported upon.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 15, 1864.

MAJOR: When I sent in my report yesterday I stated that I would send in the reports of brigade commanders as soon as they reached me, and I asked the privilege of naming those who had rendered themselves conspicuous by their gallantry and good conduct. I now send in the reports of the three brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Dwight, Brigadier-General McMillan, and Colonel Fessenden. I wish to name these three officers as having done their duty with efficiency and gallantry, and I fully indorse the names that they have mentioned in their several reports. I wish to mention more specifically Lieutenant-Colonel Kinsey, commanding One hundred and sixty-first New York, who went forward under my own direction and held the enemy at bay while the line was forming. There are no doubt many other deserving regimental officers than those noted in the brigade reports, but these facts will be supplied when they come to my knowledge.

I desire to avail myself of this opportunity to express my thanks to Major J. M. Sizer, One hundred and sixteenth New York, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Duncan S. Walker. assistant adjutant-general; Captain R. F. Wilkinson, judge-advocate; Captain R. P. York, provost-marshal; Captain Bockee, assistant ordnance

