
Birge,re-enforced by the Third Brigade of my division, Colonel Fessendend commanding, supported by General Cameron, commanding a small portion of the Thirteenth Army Corps, was ordered to cross the Cane River out of sight of the enemy, and about 3 miles above the crossing, with instructions to turn the enemy's flank and carry the height in the reserve, cost what it might, for on that depended the cusses of the whole movement.

Captain Closson, chief of artillery, was ordered to bring forward his artillery and batter the enemy's position, supported by General McMillan, commanding two brigades of the First Division. General Arnold was directed to send a brigade of cavalry to our left, cross below, and threaten the enemy's right flank and rear, with orders, if Birge was successful, to pursue the enemy. The ground over which Birge had to pass was exceedingly difficult, traversed by muddy bayous, high and sharp ridges covered by a dense growth of pine, and other topographical difficulties. His progress wa necessarily very slow and tedious, and he did not get into position until late in the afternoon. While he was getting into position the artillery was beautifully handled by Captain Closson, chief of artillery, and kept the enemy's attention fully occupied, and at the moment I heard the first rattle of General Birge's musketry, I directed a battery to take position directly in front of the crossing, and deployed lines of skirmishers, as if preparing for an assault. The enemy made one attempt to cross the river and charge this battery, but was quickly repulsed by the One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers, who were supporting it, and Colonel Chrysler, commanding Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry, dismounted as skirmishers, with great gallantry led his skirmishers on foot immediately in pursuit and took possession of the crossing. The splendid firing of the battery, placed in the last-named position, happening about the time that General Birge was carrying the enemy's flank by assault, caused the enemy to break and run. General Birge, after the circuitous and tedious march above described, at last fell upon the enemy's flank and found him in very strong position, occupying the crest of a high hill with an open field in front. This hill General Birge caused to be carried by assault, by the Third Brigade of my division, Colonel Fessendend commanding. It was done in the most gallant style, and reflects great credit upon General Birge, Colonel Fessenden, and the Third Brigade. This was in fact the turning point of the battle, and it was here pour principal loss was encountered. Colonel Davis, commanding cavalry brigade, did not succeed in gaining the enemy's right flank and rear, but as soon as the enemy broke I sent forward Colonel Chrysler, supported by Colonel Crebs, both cavalry commanders, supported by General Cameron, to pursued the enemy and capture his artillery, if possible. The main force of the enemy took the Fort Jesup road. One small regiment of the enemy, either because it was hard pressed or with the intention of misleading our troops, retreated on the Henderson's Hill road. Colonel Chrysler, unfortunately deceived by this movement of the enemy's rear guard, the darkness of the night, and the order of the pursuit, led off on the wrong road. Our whole loss in killed, wounded, and missing is only about 200 men, 153 of whom are from the Third Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps. Inclosed are the reports of the several commanders and the chiefs of cavalry and artillery, and I have to thank them, and also my staff, for the cordial and intelligent support they gave me during

