
the day. I have also to thank the major-general commanding the department and the major-general commanding the Nineteenth Army Corps, who came on the field early in the day to aid by their advice and gave the benefit of their presence to encourage the troops. I had no means of ascertaining with any degree of certainly the number of the forces of the enemy engaged, nor their loss. Prisoners that were captured report that there were four general officers present Generals Bee, Major, Badgy, and Debray, and sixteen pieces of artillery.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Near Cane River, La., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General BIRGE:

GENERAL: Inclosed is a copy of the instructions I have received from headquarters Department of the Gulf, through the general commanding the Nineteenth Army Corps: You will march as soon as General McMillan's command has passed your present position, gain possession of the ford, turn the enemy's left flank, and carry his position by storm if possible. To cover your operations General McMillan, with the First and Second Brigades of the First Division, and all the artillery of the army that can be brought into play, will make a direct attack in front upon the passage of the river. You will be supported by General Cameron. The noise of the shelling will be the signal for you effect your crossing and make the assault.

Respectfully,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 19TH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Morganza, La., May 28, 1864.

MAJOR: I have now sent off all the extra animals, wagons, and baggage of every description belonging to this army. I have also sent off all the cavalry, except 2,000, and Landram's division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, numbering 2,500, and all its train. To-morrow I shall commence to ship the wagons of the balance of the thirteenth Army Corps, but until re-enforced, or otherwise instructed, I do not it think it prudent to send away any more of the Thirteenth Army Corps. I ask instructions on this subject. No additional force of the Nineteenth Corps has yet reached here. I have sent an officer to Vicksburg o ascertain what I am to expect from quarter in the way of water transportation and supplies, the last of which I am ordered to draw from that place. a copy of the instruction from General Canby, which I showed the general commanding, was forwarded to General Dwight, chief of staff, by my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Loring, as requested by General

