
First Division you turned his flank and drove him at the point of the bayonet from the hills he occupied. At Alexandria you contributed your labor by day and night for seventeen days, under the engineering skill of Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, to the great work which relieved the fleet from its perilous situation above the falls, and restored it to the country. At Mansura, on the 16th of May, you met the enemy on an open plain, and, supported on your right by the Sixteenth Army Corps and Colonel Lucas' cavalry, drove him from the field.

This in brief, is a summary of your services for the last two months, and I know, when it becomes known to the country, the judgment will be that you, at least, have done your duty faithfully.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General EMORY:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that his attention has been called to General Orders, Numbers 48, from your headquarters. Had his attention been called to it previous to its publication he would have required some alternations. As it is, he directs me to say to you that it does not meet with his entire approval. He deems it unnecessary and unwise, in giving deserved credit to the conduct of the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, at the battle of Sabine Cross-Roads, to call attention in so marked a manner to the disorder and confusion among other troops of this command, and he thinks that the implication in the last paragraph that certain troops of this command did not do their duty had better have been omitted. He further directs me to say to you that in your reference to the battle at Cane River it appears to him that the credit is not given to that portion of the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, which fought at that place and contributed largely to the victory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Simsport, La., May 20, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to have received this moment the dispatch from headquarters Department of the Gulf, of this date, finding fault with my General Orders, Numbers 48. I have myself been too much the victim of injustice and misrepresentation to be capable, knowingly, of inflicting upon others injury; and if the order that I have issued is capable of misconstruction, I will take the greatest pleasure in changing it. I spoke in person to the general commanding of my intention to issue an order meeting the falsehoods that had been put forth and published in the Northern papers, and I admit that I would have been more prudent to have submitted it to him before I had

