
thereon, have ever seen the light, and in making this request I am tardily fulfilling a promise to my command in the only mode that occurs to me as legitimate. With the aid of subsequent events the reports could have been made much more comprehensive, but I have not felt at liberty to alter them in any respect, but send them as they were written and transmitted and the field immediately after the battles were fought. Should the lieutenant-general see fit to received these reports and think it proper to require the reports of the brigade commanders, referred to therein, I shall at once forward them in addition.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES.

Respectfully forwarded to Secretary of War.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. Camp Russell, [Va.,] November 22, 1864.

The following-named regiments are hereby authorized to inscribe upon their colors the names of the engagements set opposite their respective names, in which they bore a distinguished part:

Thirteenth Maine Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

Fifteenth Maine Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

Thirtieth Maine Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and fourteenth New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and fifty-third New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers-Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, Cane River Crossing, La.

26 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

