
Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers-Cane River Crossing, La.

Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers-Cane River Crossing, La.

One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers-Cane River Crossing, La.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

PETER FRENCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 61. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, Acting Engineer Officer Nineteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES WESTERN LA.,Monett's Ferry, La., April 23, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I left the Alexandria and Grand Ecore road early this morning, 4 miles above Monett's Ferry, and traveled nearly north 8 miles, when I reached Red River at a point 10 miles above the mouth of Cane River; thence down Red River to the mouth of Cane River, and from there up said river to the above-named ferry, and find that this entire country is a swamp extending close to the bank of Red River, except a narrow strip of land on the west bank of Cane River which could be completely commanded by field artillery from the bluffs on the opposite side, and which has been strongly guarded by the enemy during the day.

Cane River is not fordable below Monett's Ferry, and owing to the impassable swamp on one side an the high bluffs on the other, it would not be possible to cross Cane River at any point below the above-named ferry with the army.

I have the honor, major, to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Lieutenant Colonel 4th Wis. Cav. and Actg. Mil. Eng. 19th A. C.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 19th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Simsport, La., May 17, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report in reference to the obstruction of the dam across Red River, at the foot of the Alexandria falls, for the purpose of releasing that portion of Admiral Porter's Mississippi Squadron which was unable to pass the falls, owing to the low stage of the water. Immediately after our army received a check at Sabine Cross-Roads and the retreat commenced I learned through reliable sources that the Red River was rapidly falling. I became assured that by the time the fleet could reach Alexandria there would not be sufficient water to float the gun-boats one the falls. It was evident, therefore, that they were in imminent danger. Believing, as I did, that their capture or destruction would involve the destruction of our army, the blockade

