
work, was the only supporter of my proposition to save the fleet by means of a dam, and whose persevering efforts caused its adoption, I desire to return my grateful thanks. I trust the country will join with the Army of the Gulf and the Mississippi Squadron in awarding to him due praise for his earnest and intelligent efforts in their behalf. Major-General Banks promptly issued all necessary orders and assisted me by his constant presence and co-operation. General Dwight, his chief of staff, Colonel Wilson and Lieutenant Sargent, aides-de-camp, also rendered valuable assistance by their personal attention to our want. Admiral Porter furnished a detail from his ships' crews, under command of an excellent officer, Captain Langthorne, of the Mound City. All his officers and men were constantly present, and to their extraordinary exertions and to the well known energy and ability of the admiral much of the success of the undertaking is due. I am also under many obligations to Major Sentell, provost-marshall, and Lieutenant Williamson, ordnance officer, of General Franklin's staff; to Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Kinsey, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers; to Lieutenant Colonel U. B. Pearsall, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, who was my assistant; to Captain George W. Stein, Sixteenth Ohio, and to Captains Harding, Morrison, and Harper, of the Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, all of whom exhibited much practical knowledge and untiring zeal.

The following is a list of the troops who constructed the dam: Pioneer corps of the Thirteenth Army Corps, under Captain Hutchens, Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Smouth, Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, and Lieutenant Kimbley, Twenty-fourth Indiana Volunteers; Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Emerson; Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Pearsall; Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel G. D. Robinson; and detachments from the Twenty-third and Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers, Sixteenth and Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Iowa Volunteers, Seventy-seventh and One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteers, and from other regiments. These details labored patiently and enthusiastically by day and night, standing waist deep in the water, under a broiling sun. Their reward is the consciousness of having performed their duty as true soldiers, and they deserve the gratitude of their countrymen.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Actg. Mil. Eng. 19th Army Corps.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 19th Army Corps.

ENGINEERS'S OFFICE,

New Orleans, La., May 25, 1864.

MAJOR: In pursuance to instructions from the major-general commanding the Department of the Gulf, I have the honor to furnish you the following list of officers, regiments, and detachments which

---------------

*A section map, including falls and dam in Red River, prepared by order of Colonel Bailey, will appear in the Atlas.

---------------

