
rendered valuable services in the construction of the dam across Red River at Alexandria, La.:

The first details which reported were the Ninety-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel George D. Robinson, and the Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel U. B. Pearsall, whose services were invaluable. Capts. W. H. Morrison, Peter Haprer, M. S. Tyler, Frank D. Harding, and First Lieuts. George W. Combs, E. W. Sagendorph, J. F. Turner, and M. G. Wilson, Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry, are entitled to much credit for their industry and ability shown in the prosecution of this work.

Next was the Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Emerson, who was very energetic, and rendered very valuable services.

Next were detachments from the Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, Nineteenth Kentucky, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois, Eighty-third Ohio, Twenty-fourth Iowa, Twenty-third Wisconsin, Seventy-seventh Illinois, and Sixteenth Ohio, numbering in all 460 men, under command of Captain George W. Stein, Company A, Sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, who showed much ability, and is entitled to great credit for his industry and energy. Among those detachments were Captain William M. Ross, Sixteenth Ohio, and Lieutenant W. H. Ruckle, Sixteenth Ohio, who are also very valuable officers.

In short, the entire detail was composed of the best of men, and worked faithfully without a murmur. In addition to these details were the pioneer corps of the Thirteenth Army Corps, under command of Captain John B. Hutchens; Company H, Twenty-fourth Indiana; Lieutenant B. Smout, Company K, Twenty-third Wisconsin, and Lieutenant Perry D. Kimbley, Company G, Twenty-fourth Indiana, who are entitled to great credit, and deserve reward for their valuable services.

The pioneer corps numbered 125 men, and were detachments from the Eleventh Indiana, Twenty-fourth Indiana, Thirty-fourth Indiana. Forty-sixth Indiana, Forty-seventh Indiana, Sixty-seventh Indiana, Fifty-sixth Ohio, Twenty-eighth Iowa, Twenty-fourth Iowa, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin, Twenty-third Wisconsin, Eighty-third Ohio, Ninety-sixth Ohio, Forty-eighth Ohio, One hundred and thirtieth Illinois, and Nineteenth Kentucky, who to a man were invaluable. Among the officers who were detailed to assist in seeing that all orders from department headquarters were promptly obeyed, and in otherwise assisting in facilitating the work, were Colonel Wilson, of the commanding general's staff; Lieutenant Co. William B. Kinsey, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers; Major W. H. Sentell, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant S. Smith Fairchild, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers; and Lieutenant Williamson, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, who rendered very valuable assistance and took great interest in the construction of the work, and are entitled to great credit.

I have the honor, major, to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Lieutenant Colonel 4th Wis. Cav. and Actg. Mil. Eng. 19th A. C.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf.

