
A D D E N D A.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 211. Washington, June 15, 1864.

The following resolution of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

PUBLIC RESOLUTION.-Numbers 34.

A resolution tendering the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, of the Fourth Regiment of Wisconsin Volunteers.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congres assembled, That the thanks of Congress be, and they are hereby, tendered to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, of the Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, acting engineer of the Nineteenth Army Corps, for distinguished services in the recent campaign on the Red River, by which the gun-boat flotilla under Rear-Admiral David D. Porter was rescued from imminent peril.

SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That the President of the United States be requested to cause a copy of this resolution to be transmitted to Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey.

Approved June 11, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 62. Report of Captain Henry W. Closson, First U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps, of engagement at Monett's Ferry, with itinerary of the Artillery Reserve, March 15-May 20.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, 19TH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, West La., Alexandria, April 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Reporting, as directed by General Franklin, to General Emory for duty during the 23rd instant, I was by him instructed to make all the necessary arrangements and dispositions and select the positions for the artillery. The following batteries were ordered to be in readiness for service at 4 a. m. of the 23rd: First Indiana Heavy Artillery, four 20-pounder Parrotts, Captain Hinkle commanding; First Delaware Battery, six 3-inch rifles, Captain Nields commanding; Twenty-fifth New York Battery, three 3-inch rifles, Lieutenant Southworth commanding; First Vermont Battery, one 3-inch rifle and one 12-pounder, light, Captain Hebard commanding; Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, six light 12-pounders, Lieutenant Taylor commanding; total, twenty-one guns.

The rebels were developed in position on the south bank of Cane River, with their right on the bluff at the ferry crossing, supported by seven guns, and their left on a wooded crest, facing the river road, supported by four guns. Six a. m., Captain Hinkle, with two guns, and Captain Nields, with six, were directed to go into battery and shell the rebel left, necessary to secure ground for demonstrations against his right; range, 2,000 yards. After a half hour's cannonade the rebels ceased to reply, and operations were temporarily suspended to secure concert of action with General Birge's com-

