
mand. General Emory expressed a desire that I should examine a point of woods opposite the rebel right, with a view of getting guns through the woods and into position there to prevent the use of the rebel artillery against General Birge. I made the examination, selected the position, and ordered in five guns, as follows: Captain Hinkle, with two guns; Captain Hebard, with one gun; Lieutenant Porter, First Delaware, with one gun; Lieutenant Flanders, Twenty-fifth New York, with one gun. Two p. m., with a good deal of labor and under a sharp fire, these officers secured their places and opened upon the rebels with vigor and effect. They abandoned their position after hardly ten minutes' shelling; range, 1,000 yards.

General Birge being in possession of the wooded crest across the river, on the rebel left, the First Delaware Battery was advanced and co-operated with Captain Hinkle. Shortly afterward General Emory occupied the ferry crossing the opposite side of the river, and Captain Hebard took possession of a battery wagon complete, left by the rebels in their flight. I should mention that a section of Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Baldwin commanding, co-operated for a short time with the First Delaware Battery. Casualties, none. Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, was held in reserve.

I must acknowledge the very valuable assistance rendered me by Colonel Chrysler, Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry, who went in with his men dismounted and left out the enemy's force and position along the river bank. The general will recollect that I requested of him, as special support to the artillery sent through the woods against the rebel right, the One hundred and sixteenth new York Infantry, Colonel Love commanding, and I ama happy to report that in the handsome manner habitual to him and his men he disposed of an attempt on the part of the rebels to cross the river and take the guns. Please express to the general my thanks for the courtesy and kindness extended to me while I had the pleasure of serving under him.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. CLOSSON,

Captain First U. S. Arty., Chief of Arty., 19th Army Corps.

Captain DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Emory's Command.

Itinerary of the Artillery Reserve, Nineteenth Army Corps, March 15-May 20.*

March 15.-Marched from Franklin on the Opelousas road; 16 miles.

March 16.-Marched to Camp Pratt; 18 miles.

March 17.-Marched to Vermilion Bayou; 16 miles.

March 18.-Marched 1 mile beyond Carrion Crow Bayou; 16 miles.

March 19.-Marched to near Washington; 16 miles.

March 20.-Marched 17 miles.

March 22.-Marched to Holmesville; 14 miles.

March 23.-Marched to Cheneyville 13 miles

March 24.-Marched to Wells' plantation; 17 miles.

March 25.-Marched to Alexandria; 13 miles.

March 28.-Marched from Alexandria on Natchitoches road; 18 miles.

---------------

*From returns for March, April, and May.

---------------

