
March 29.-Marched to pine woods; 9 miles.

March 30.-Marched to Cane River; 21 miles.

March 31.-Marched 7 miles and encamped in the woods. Captain John W. Day, of the First Indiana Artillery, Company B, with 83 enlisted men, was relieved from duty with this command, and ordered to report to commanding officer at Baton Rouge by Special Orders, Numbers 58, headquarters Department of the Gulf.

April 1.-Marched to camp on Cane River; 16 miles.

April 2.-Marched to Natchitoches; 5 miles.

April 6.-Marched 14 miles.

April 7.-Marched to Pleasant Hill; 22 miles.

April 8.-Marched 10 miles.

April 9.-Marched back to Pleasant Hill; 10 miles. The First Vermont Battery was engaged in the battle of Pleasant Hill, La. Lost 5 horses.

April 10.-Marched 21 miles.

April 11.-Marched to Grand Ecore; 14 miles.

April 12.-The First Delaware Battery was transferred to the First Division, and the First Vermont Battery was transferred to the Artillery Reserve.

April 22 to 25.-Marched to Alexandria. Remained until present date. Four guns of the First Indiana Artillery were engaged at the battle of Monett's Ferry, on the 23rd. No casualties.

May 13.-Artillery Reserve marched from Alexandria, La.

May 15.-Four 20-pounders of First Indiana Artillery engaged at Marksville Plains.

May 16.-The First Vermont Battery on duty with cavalry.

May 18.-Engaged at Yellow Bayou under General Mower; two gun carriages disabled.

May 19.-Crossed the Atchafalaya River and marched to present station.

May 20.-Returned to duty with the Nineteenth Army Corps, and marched from Simsport to Morganza, and remained to present date; distance, 34 miles.

Numbers 63. Report of Captain Benjamin Nields, First Delaware Battery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DELAWARE BATTERY,Grand Ecore, La., April 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the First Delaware Battery, from the time it left Franklin, March 15, 1864, was placed in the Reserve Artillery of the Nineteenth Army Corps, where it remained throughout the march to Alexandria, hence to Natchitoches and Pleasant Hill. That on the evening of the 8th instant it was ordered on the battle-field at Sabine Cross-Roads, but before it reached the field it was ordered to return to Pleasant Hill; that it took no part in the engagement at Pleasant Hill on the following day, but pursuant to orders proceeded to march to Grand Ecore, where it arrived on the evening of the 10th, and where it still remains.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. NIELDS,

Captain First Delaware Battery.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

