
Numbers 64. Report of Captain William S. Hinkle, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, of engagement at Blair's Landing.
HDQRS. DETACHED BATTALION, FIRST INDIANA ARTY.,April 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herein to report that the 30-pounder battery of four guns on board steamer Rob Roy, under command of Lieutenant Roberst Fuller, became engaged with the enemy about 25 or 30 miles above this place at various points along the river, successfully driving the enemy away in every case, killing and wounding large numbers of them, and among others General Green, of C. S. Army, is reported to have been seen to fall from a discharge of canister. Lieutenant Jesse Hadden being under arrest by your order, Lieutenant Fuller was in command for about an hour and a half after the action began, when, after his being wounded in the thigh (flesh wound), Lieutenant Hadded was released from arrest and placed on duty, and commanded during the remainder of the action. The conduct of the officers and men in action was creditable to all, not a man failing to do his full duty. Our casualties were, wounded, Second Lieutenant Robert Fuller, Company G, and 3 privates, none mortally. Ammunition expended on the 12th and 13th instant was 260 rounds. The whole of the 30-pounder canister having been exhausted, the officers in command resorted to the use of the 20-pounder canister on board, using double charges with great effect. The guns are in good condition. I herewith inclose a field report to you of the exact state of my command. I have with both batteries 4 officers, 8 sergeants, 15 corporals, and 165 privates for duty.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

W. S. HINKLE,

Captain First Indiana Arty., Commanding Detached Battalion.

[Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery.]

Numbers 65. Reports of Lieutenant Franck E. Taylor, Battery L, First U. S. Artillery.

BATTERY L, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY,

Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions, I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of the proceedings and movements of Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, since leaving Natchitoches, La., on April 6, 1864. The battery moved from Natchitoches with the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, at 8 a. m. on the 6th instant, marched some 12 miles, and went into camp on the roadside. Moved the next morning at 6 a. m., marched to Pleasant Hill, La., and went into camp. Moved the next morning at 8 a. m., marched some 10 miles, and went into camp. At 5 p. m. on the same day, 8th April, 1864, by order of Captain H. W. Closson, chief of artillery, Nineteenth Corps, [moved] the battery up the Mansfield road toward the front until halted by order of Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artil-

