
lery, Department of the Gulf, delivered by Lieutenant J. A. Sanderson, First U. S. Artillery. Remained on the Mansfield road until the army fell back, when the battery moved to the rear with the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

At 7 a. m. on the 9th instant went into position, by order of Captain Closson, chief of artillery, Nineteenth Corps, on the crest of a hill, near Pleasant Hill, La., supported by the first Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Corps. Remained in position until relieved by the Twenty-fifth New York Battery, when the battery, by order of Brigadier-General Emory, moved to the rear and went into park. On the opening of the engagement of April 9, 1864, by order of Brigadier-General Smith, the battery went into position on the left of General Smith's right battery. After remaining in this position for some three minutes the battery, by order of General Emory, moved down near the advance line, where it was placed in position by General Emory, who at the same time ordered the right section, under command of Lieutenant E. L. Appleton, First U. S. Artillery, to move over to the right of the main road to report to Brigadier-General Dwight. The remainder of the battery, four guns, remained in their position until the left of the infantry line being driven back, the left flank of the battery was completely uncovered and exposed to the fire of the enemy, who had advanced in line to within 40 yards of it. The infantry having fallen back, and there being no support whatever for the battery which was in imminent danger of capture, the pieces were ordered to be limbered to the rear for the purpose of withdrawing them. At this time the horses of the limbers were nearly all either killed or wounded, and it was impossible to draw off but one pieces, which was placed in position some 60 yards to the right of the other pieces and covering them. This piece was afterward still further withdrawn to the line of infantry, then forming some 50 yards in its rear. On the advance of the Sixteenth Army Corps this piece was again thrown forward on the original line of the battery. The three pieces were withdrawn by hand, refitted with the caisson limbers from the rear, and were afterward used on the main road, supported by troops from the Sixteenth Army Corps. For the proceedings of the right section, on the right of the main road, I have the honor to refer to the report of Lieutenant Appleton, commanding it, which is herewith inclosed.

The battery moved to the rear at 2 a. m. on the 10th instant, with the First Division, Nineteenth Corps; marched 17 miles and went into camp. Moved next morning at 6 a. m., and reached Grand Ecore, La., same day and went into camp in its present position.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FRANCK E. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery L.

CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

BATTERY L, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY,

Alexandria, La., April 29, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of Battery L, First Artillery, since leaving Alexandria, La., on March 28, 1864, and its

