
subsequent arrival at Grand Ecore, La., on the 11th of April, 1864: The battery left Alexandria with the troops of the Nineteenth Army Corps on the 28th of March, and arrived at Natchitoches, La., on April 2, 1864. Remained in camp at Natchitoches until April 6, 1864, when the column moved upon the Mansfield road. On the night of April 8, 1864, moved up to within 2 miles of the field of Sabine Cross-Roads. When the army fell back on the same night the battery retired with General Emory's rear brigade. On the opening of the engagement at Pleasant Hill, La., April 9, 1864, by order of Brigadier-General Smith, the battery went into position on the left of General Smith's right battery. After remaining in this position for some three minutes, the battery, by order of Brigadier-General Emory, moved down near the advance line, where it was placed in position by General Emory, who at the same time directed the right section, under command of Lieutenant E. L. Appleton, Battery L, First Artillery, to move over to the right of the main road to report to Brigadier-General Dwight. The remainder of the battery, four guns, remained in their position until the left of the infantry line being driven back, the left flank of the battery was completely uncovered and exposed to the fire of the enemy, who had advanced to within 40 yards of it. The infantry having fallen back, and there being no support whatever for the battery, which was in imminent danger of capture, the pieces were ordered to be limbered to the rear for the purpose of withdrawing them. At this time the horses were nearly all killed or wounded, and it was impossible to draw off but one piece, which was placed in position some 60 yards to the right of the other pieces and covering them. On the advance of the Sixteenth Army Corps this piece was again thrown forward on the original line of the battery. The three pieces were withdrawn by hand, refitted with the caisson limbers, and were afterward used on the main road, supported by troops from the Sixteenth Corps. For the movements of the right section I have the honor to refer to the report of Lieutenant Appleton, First U. S. Artillery, commanding it, which is herewith inclosed. The battery moved to the rear at 2 a. m. on the 10th April with the First Division, Nineteenth Corps, and went into camp at Grand Ecore, La., on the 11th April, 1864.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FRANCK E. TAYLOR,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery L.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 66. Report of Lieutenant Edward L. Appleton, Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY L, FIRST ARTILLERY,Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the right section of Battery L, during the action of the 9th of April at Pleasant Hill: The section having reported to Brigadier-General Dwight as ordered, he said he could see no place where we could be of use and

