
told me to take the section back, but directly after ordered that it should be halted. Accordingly it was halted in the road some distance in rear of the infantry. Soon after the enemy charged across the open field in our rear and through the woods on the flank of us, and in reversing the pieces in order to get into position, both poles were broken and it became impossible to unlimber them so that they could be fired. The road at that point was very narrow, and the carriage wheels in a ditch. In the mean time the enemy were advancing upon our flank and rear, keeping up a hot fire of musketry, and I found it impossible to get the pieces in position to fire, though the most strenuous efforts were made by the cannoneers to do so. I therefore ordered, when the enemy were within a few yards of the guns, that the horses be unhitched and the cannoneers to fall back with them from the attack. Shortly after the enemy were repulsed and the pieces drawn to the rear to be repaired, having been temporarily disabled in order to prevent the enemy from using them against us. The caisson horses were mostly killed or wounded in the charge; otherwise repairs were easily effected, and the section was ready for action again early in the evening.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. L. APPLETON,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery,

Lieutenant FRANCK E. TAYLOR,

Commanding Battery L, First U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 67. Reports of Captain George T. Hebard, First Vermont Battery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT BATTERY,In the Field, Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by my battery during the engagements of the 8th and 9th instant: The batteries of the First Division were ordered to remain at the saw-mill on the 8th instant, by order of Brigadier-General Emory, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, until further orders. At 7 p. m., the 8th, my battery was ordered to the front by Captain Closson, chief of artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps, with orders to report to Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, Department of the Gulf, which order I endeavored to obey, but the roads were so completely blocked with cavalry and baggage wagons that after working until past midnight, when within about 2 miles of the division, I was, by order of General Stone, through Lieutenant Sanderson, ordered to halt. About 1 a. m., the 9th, I was ordered by Captain Closson, through Captain Nields, First Delaware Battery, to reverse my battery and retire to Pleasant Hill with General Cameron's division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, which I did, arriving at Pleasant Hill at 8 a. m. the 9th instant, where I bivouacked until 1 p. m., when, by order of Brigadier-General Arnold, I took position on the left of the road leading to Natchitoches, and on the right of the Third Brigade, First Division. At 3.15 p. m. I was ordered by Brigadier-General Arnold to open fire on the enemy's artillery, which resulted in dismounting a 10-pounder Parrott in use by the

