
enemy. Shortly after the enemy charged in force upon my battery, but opening a severe fire of canister upon them at short range, I did great execution, checking their advance. My support on the right, the Eighty-ninth Indiana, advancing at the same time, the enemy were repulsed and driven back. Lieutenant Rice, with the right section of my battery, was now ordered to re-enforce Battery L, First u. S. Artillery, on the right and near the Mansfield road, but owing to the ground and the position of our own forces could not be used to advantage. The remainder of the battery advanced toward the right and center, and opened on the enemy at differed points during the remainder of the action. The battery remained in position on the field until about 2 a. m. the 10th instant, when, by order of Brigadier-General Emory, I rejoined the First Division, and retired with the army to Grand Ecore, La. The casualties of the battery were but slight, 1 man severely wounded, and 5 horses killed and wounded. The officers and men acted with great coolness and courage, even when the enemy were within 50 yards, and speaking distance; not an officer or man left his post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. HEBARD,

Captain, Commanding First Vermont Battery.

Captain DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 15, 1864.

On forwarding these reports I have to lament the loss of Lieutenant Sanderson, Battery L, First U. S. Artillery, who fell at his post while bravely defending his pieces against the assault of the enemy in the engagement of the 9th instant at Pleasant Hill.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT BATTERY,Grand Ecore, La., April 17, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from your office, April 17, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery since leaving Franklin, March 15, 1864:

On Tuesday, March 15, by command of Brigadier-General Emory, I left Franklin and marched to within 15 miles of New Iberia. On the 16th, I marched to Camp Pratt, and encamped with our division. On the 17th, bivouacked on Vermillion Bayou; the 18th, encamped near Carrion Crow Bayou; the 19th, passed through Opelousas and Washington, and encamped on Bayou Coteau; the 20th, remained in camp; the 21st, marched to Chotier's plantation; the 22nd, bivouacked near Holmesville; 23rd, bivouacked near Cheneyville; the 24th, marched to and encamped on Bayou Roberts; 25th, arrived at Alexandria at 2 p. m.; encamped at Alexandria until the 28th, when we marched to Bayou Rapides, about 16 miles; 29th, marched about 6 miles; the 30th, marched about 10 miles; 31st, marched to Cloutierville; April 1, forded Cane River, and marched about 10 miles;

