
April 2, encamped at Natchitoches; remained in Natchitoches until April 6, then marched about 16 miles; April 7, marched to Pleasant Hill; April 8, marched to the saw-mill, 5 miles from the Sabine Cross-Roads, bivouacked, and by order of General Emory remained in reserve until further orders. About sundown I was ordered to the front to report to Brigadier-General Arnold by Captain Closson, chief of artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps. The roads were so blocked with cavalry and the wagon train that after working until past midnight, by order of Captain Closson, through Captain Nields, First Delaware Battery, I reversed my battery and retired to Pleasant Hill, with General Cameron's division, and bivouacked about 8 o'clock, April 9. At about 12 o'clock, by order of Brigadier-General Arnold, I took position on the left of the Natchitoches road with four pieces, and placed two pieces on the hill covering the left flank of the line. Soon after the action commenced I commenced firing upon the enemy, directing the fire of the left section on the enemy's artillery, which resulted in dismounting a 10-pounder Parrott and in silencing the artillery fire from that quarter. In the mean time the rest of the battery kept up a brisk fire on the enemy, who were advancing on the battery. The enemy came within range of canister which I ordered fired from the whole battery, which checked their advance, when my support, the Eighty-ninth Indiana, charged and drove them from the ground. The right section, Lieutenant Rice's, was then ordered to re-enforce Battery L, [First U. S. Artillery,] but was not engaged, owing to nature of the ground and the position of our forces. The remainder of the battery moved forward and was held in readiness for any point, but were not called upon. Both officers and men behaved with coolness and bravery under the hottest fire; no one left his post or sought cover. My loss was trifling; but 1 man seriously wounded, and 5 horses killed and wounded. On the morning of the 10th, by order of Brigadier-General Emory, I joined the division, and 2 a. m. commenced the march for Grand, Ecore, which town we reached on the 11th of April.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. HEBARD,

Captain, Commanding First Vermont Battery.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT BATTERY,Camp near Morganza, La., May 24, 1864.

GENERAL:

* * * * * * *

While at Grand Ecore my battery was, by order of Captain Closson, transferred from the First Division to the Reserve Artillery of the corps, and my guns were sent away on detached service as guards on board transports during their trips to Alexandria and down the river. I received orders to fall back to Alexandria April 22, but had but two guns, as my others had no yet rejoined the battery from detached service. On arriving at Cane River, April 23, the enemy were found posted on a bluff at the crossing and with seven pieces of artillery in position commanding it, with a large force of mounted infantry as support. In connection with the force of

