
General Birge, who crossed the river above their position to flank them, I was ordered to take one section of my battery, under Lieutenant Rice, and three pieces of heavier caliber (20-pounder Parrotts) belonging to the First Indiana Heavy Artillery, and engage the enemy. The action commenced with General Birge engaging the enemy, when I at once opened on the artillery in my front. The action was severe, lasting about two hours, when the enemy retreated from their position, leaving as a trophy to the First Vermont a battery wagon filled with supplies, which was brought off the field by Sergt. John Howland. Several prisoners were also taken. I crossed the river with a section of my battery and one gun each from the Twenty-fifth New York and First Delaware Batteries, and with them, in connection with the Second New York Veteran Cavalry, pursued the enemy until midnight with but little success, it being in a dense pine forest. The remainder of the division coming up early on the morning of the 24th, the march was continued to Alexandria, arriving there the 25th at 4 p. m., having met with no further opposition from the enemy. The casualties of the battery during the action at Cane River were very slight, but 2 or 3 horses wounded. By order of Captain Closson, April 28, I was placed on detached service and went to New Orleans on duty, leaving my battery in command of Lieutenant Rice, and did not rejoin the battery again until May 22. At Alexandria two guns in charge of Sergeants Vilmire and Rice rejoined their command from detached service and reported having had a few slight skirmishes with guerrillas, but no casualties. Sergeant Emery, in charge of one gun on board transport Laurel Hill, had a very severe engagement of about two hours' duration the 2nd of may, about 25 miles below Alexandria, with about 500 mounted infantry and one piece of artillery, but succeeded in driving them off with great loss and dismounting their gun, with no casualties to the battery. Marched from Alexandria may 12. Our forces met the enemy at Marksville the 16th, but my battery took no active part. After the engagement was over my battery was ordered to report to Colonel Lucas, commanding the advance guard of cavalry. Marched with the advance guard, arriving at Simsport and joining the Reserve Artillery the 17th May. The 18th day of May Lieutenant Rice received orders from Captain Closson to report with four guns to Brigadier-General Mower, of the Sixteenth Army Corps, commanding rear guard, at Yellow Bayou, and was by him ordered into position near Bayou De Glaize and on the left of the First Delaware Battery. Lieutenant Rice having been ordered to report to General Mower in person, the battery was placed in position by Lieutenant Greenleaf, under a very severe fire from three of the enemy's batteries, which concentrated their fire upon the position he was to occupy. Getting in position, he engaged the enemy's batteries for thirty minutes, whe, by order of General Mower, the infantry retired, followed by the battery about 1,000 yards, where it again went into position. At 2 a. m. the 19th, by order of General Mower, fell back 2 miles, going into position near Bayou De Glaize, lying until 3 al m. the 20th, when, by order of General Mower, retired and crossing Yellow Bayou went into position on its east bank. At 9 a. m. engaged the enemy for two hours at long range, getting but few shots in return. At 2 p. m., no enemy appearing, retired slowly to Simsport, and crossing the Atchafalaya River, rejoined the Reserve Artillery of the Nineteenth Army Corps and marched to Morganza, arriving May 23.

