
The casualties of the battery during the engagements at Yellow Bayou were none. The battery was highly commended by General Mower for its efficiency. The battery has fought in all the engagements since the first day (April 7), and in every case has proved from what State it came. The officers and men behaved with determined courage. Lieutenants Rice and Greenleaf were of the greatest assistance and deserve especial mention. Private Peter Lemwin, of Plainfield, deserves promotion for bravery. The battery is now at Morganza, after a march of nearly 500 miles, and having participated in six engagements, in good condition and still ready.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE T. HEBARD,

Captain 1st Vt. Batty., Chief 19th A. C. Reserve Artillery.

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjt. and Insp. General of Vermont, Woodstock, Vt.

Numbers 68. Reports of Brigadier General James W. McMillan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade and First Division, of engagements at Sabine Cross-Roads, Pleasant Hill, and Monett's Ferry, with itinerary of division, April 1-30.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,April 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my brigade, in pursuance of orders received from division headquarters, marched from Natchitoches at 9 a. m., April 6, and encamped about 8.30 p. m. at Bayou Mayon, a distance of about 18 miles from Natchithoches, on the route to Pleasant Hill. In obedience to orders, my brigade resumed thee march at 8 a. m. on the 7th, and went into camp at Pleasant Hill about 6 p. m. Resuming the march about 7 a. m. on the 8th, it went into camp at saw-mill, about 6 miles from Pleasant Hill, on the road to Mansfield, at about 12 noon. At about 3 p. m. I received orders to proceed to the front as rapidly as possible, and at about 5.30 p. m. went into line of battle, in rear of First Brigade of this division, at a distance of about 5 miles from saw-mill on the Mansfield road. About 1 mile to the rear of the ground where line of battle was formed, I encountered a dense mass of disorganized cavalry, moving to the rear, in utter confusion, and only succeeded in getting through by the use of the bayonet. I am sorry to be compelled to report that there were officers who exclaimed in great confusion, "All is lost," "You had better turn back," "We are badly whipped," &amp;c., but I am proud to say my men gave but little heed to the cowardly remarks made to them. By direction of the division commander my brigade was held in reserve, in rear of First Brigade, but before the action commenced it was deemed prudent to change the disposition of a part of the brigade, and the Fifteenth Maine and One hundred and sixtieth New York were ordered up in continuation and on the left of the line of the First Brigade, to fill a gap between the First and Third Brigades. These two regiments got into the new position just as the enemy opened fire, but without confusion. Their position wa not again changed until the action ended. The Forty-seventh Pennsylvania and the Thirteenth Maine were the right regiments of the brigade, and were not engaged until about 6.15 p. m., when I discovered a very considerable force of the

