
rebels turning our right flank. I immediately reported to Major-General Franklin, and asked if any of our troops were retiring past our right flank. On being told that any troops in that direction were rebels, I immediately ordered the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania and Thirteenth Maine into line perpendicular to the original line of battle, and on the extreme right, and in a few moments drove off the rebels' flanking force, and saw them no more. Prisoners told me that the flanking force was Plignac's brigade, and had been ordered to turn our right flank, but was ordered back or driven back. In changing the position of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania and Thirteenth Maine there was some confusion, but only temporary, and both did well as soon as they got into position. The Fifteenth Maine and One hundred and sixtieth New York did well and repelled the rebel force in their front in splendid style. The action closed on the right at about 6.45 p. m., and a short time after the rebel fire had ceased in front. The Forty-seventh Pennsylvania lost 1 officer and 3 men killed, 11 men wounded, mostly slightly, and 15 men missing; the Thirteenth Maine, 2 men killed, 7 wounded, and 5 missing; the Fifteenth Maine, 1 man killed, 4 wounded, and 10 missing; the One hundred and sixtieth New York, 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 1 officer and 6 men missing.

About 9 p. m. I was ordered to be ready to march at 10 p. m., leaving the pickets to be brought in by a reliable officer from each regiment at 12 o'clock midnight, and join the rear brigade. All were safe brought in but 1 officer and 7 men, put into a gap, at first overlooked and not known of by the officer left to bring them in. The officer remained until sunrise Saturday, and then marched to camp with his men. My brigade marched at about 10.30 p. m. in the direction of Pleasant Hill, where it arrived about 10 a. m. on Saturday, the 9th instant, and went into line of battle in the edge of the timber about three-fourths of a mile from Pleasant Hill, but was relieved by a brigade of the Sixteenth Army Corps, and by direction of division commander, went into position on our extreme right, where it remained until the action commenced, Saturday, the 9th. Soon after the action became general I received an order from division commander to put my brigade in position on the right of the First Brigade, and had established the Thirteenth Maine when the left of our line in the field gave way, my other regiments yet moving, when I received an order from division commander to go to the support of the faltering line as soon as possible. I immediately placed myself at the head of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania and was moving at double-quick when it received a volley from the rebels, who had charged through the open field and taken possession of some houses near my position, when it broke in confusion, running through the One hundred and sixtieth New York and Fifteenth Maine. I immediately rode up to the gallant little One hundred and sixtieth and asked them to hold their position, as all depended on them. While in their front talking to them they received a withering fire, killing 2 captains, wounding 1, and 2 lieutenants, and killing and wounding several men. I ordered the Fifteenth Maine to advance, and while it was doing so I succeeded in rallying most of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania, with the assistance of the lieutenant-colonel and most of the line officers. I then advanced with the above three regiments, and send a staff officer to order up the Thirteenth Maine, which had been ordered on the immediate right of the First Brigade. As soon as I began to advance in good order the rebels began to retreat, and

27 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

