
my regiments followed in good style, inflicting severe punishment, driving them across the field and for a long distance into the woods. In the charge into the woods, the One hundred and sixtieth New York captured one section of a rebel battery, and some regiment of the Sixteenth Army Corps on my left captured two more sections. I had two of the guns moved into the field, and was told they were brought off, but four of the guns remained in the woods in consequence of being too badly disabled to be drawn off by the infantry.

We drove the enemy in utter confusion for a long distance into the woods, and until I was fearful of being cut off; but on investigation I soon found the rout of the rebels was so complete no further danger need be apprehended at that time, and as darkness approached I ordered the regiments reformed in the field near the woods, except the One hundred and sixtieth New York, which was left in the field at General Mower's request, it being in line with one of his regiments. It was not moved until I was ordered to move my brigade into the position it last occupied previous to the action.

I regret, while giving expression to my admiration of the steady courage of my officers and men, that I am compelled to except some of my field officers and one line officer, whose conduct was unpardonable. Many noble deeds of daring came under my notice, but I cannot detail them. I will only mention Major Sizer, of division staff; Capts. Oscar P. Hervey, John A. Lynch, Henry P. Underhill, and John T. Metcalf, whose conduct was worthy the highest praise and admiration. My staff did its whole duty.

In the action of Saturday the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania lost 4 men killed, 24 men wounded, and 34 missing (since reduced to 21 missing); the Thirteenth Maine lost 3 men killed, 1 officer and 20 men wounded, and 21 missing; the Fifteenth Maine lost 3 officers and 9 men wounded, and the One hundred and sixtieth New York lost 2 officers killed and 4 wounded, 5 men killed and 22 wounded, and 14 missing. In obedience to orders from division commander, at about 2 a. m. on the 10th instant, my brigade resumed the march to the rear and encamped on old camp-ground on Bayou Mayon, about 3 p. m. Resuming the march at 6 a. m. the 11th, arrived in its present position at Grand Ecore about 3 p. m. of same day. The reports of regimental commanders will be forwarded as soon as received, and a full list of casualties furnished as soon as received.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. W. McMILLAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain D. S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, April 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following facts relating to my command on the 23rd and 24th instant: About 5 a. m. of the 23rd, I was placed in command of the First Division, to enable Brigadier-General Emory to take command of all the forces to be used in dislodging the enemy from the heights at the lower crossing of Cane River, on the road to Shreveport from Alexandria. Said heights being held by a strong force of the enemy, and they being naturally extremely strong, it was regarded very difficult to dislodge them. Brigadier-General Emory ordered me to march rapidly down to the

