
vicinity of the ford in rear of the cavalry force under Brigadier-General Arnold. Slight skirmishing was heard in front, but no enemy seen by my command until, within about 2,000 yards above the ford, the enemy opened on our cavalry with two guns from a high hill on the opposite bank of the river, at a distance of about 1,000 yards from the advance of my command. Being close on the cavalry, so as to give them prompt support, I was ordered to halt by the commanding general and await orders. About 1,000 yards to the rear of this position I was ordered by General Emory to send forward the One hundred and sixteenth and One hundred and fifty-third Regiments New York Volunteers, Colonel Love, as skirmishers, and on halting, as above stated, General Emory ordered the First Brigade, Colonel Beal commanding, forward into the woods on the left front to support the skirmishers and batteries, where it was placed about 10 a. m., and there remained until the enemy were driven from the ford, when the First Brigade was advanced, and I was ordered by General Emory to send the Second Brigade, Colonel Rust commanding, to advance to support the First, and by alternate and gradual approaches I occupied the field at the ford with First and Second Brigades, and the hill on opposite side, lately held by the enemy, by two regiments, One hundred and sixteenth New York and --, Brigadier-General Emory personally superintending the movements usually. The Second Brigade was shelled while in rear of the batteries engaged shelling the rebel battery on the hill, and 3 men slightly wounded, but no trepidation was manifested by officers or men. A list of casualties will be forwarded as soon as received. My staff did their duty well, and I cannot in justice omit to honorably mention Captain J. A. Lynch, Twenty-sixth Massachusetts, and acting assistant inspector-general, and John T. Metcalf, my volunteer aide, for coolness and courage displayed in discharge of their duties. I also beg leave to state, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding, that he owes much to Captain Lynch's persistent bravery in getting the battery into position, that finally, by a few well-directed shots, expelled the rebels from the ford.

About 9 p. m. of the 23rd, in pursuance to orders from General Emory, I moved with my command in the direction of Alexandria, continuing the march about 7 miles, when I encamped at about midnight and resumed the march at 6 a. m.; continued until about 9 a. m. of the 24th, when I ascertained I was on the wrong road. While bewildered about the road General Emory arrived and resumed command of the division. I was led off the Henderson's Hill road by Colonel Chrysler, of the Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry, who had joined me about 7 a. m., 24th. General Emory directed me to continue on the road I had taken, and found my blunder had proved beneficial rather than injurious. After leaving Cane River I saw no enemy, but heard of a small force, estimated at from 200 to 500 men, badly discouraged and anxiously inquiring for a road leading to Texas. In obedience to order, I ordered Colonel Chrysler to go forward to Henderson's Hill, occupy, and feed his horses, and communicate with General Grover and report facts. Before getting his report I was relieved of command of the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. McMILLAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain D. S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

