
hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers, belonging, apparently, to several different regiments, whose names and number are unknown to me, in much greater confusion than that which existed in the ranks of the One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers. I endeavored to rally the men on my right, and to move them on to the line of battle, when a few shots from the enemy falling among them, they began to fire wildly in the air and to fall back. After a few moments they became calmer, a portion of them moved up to the line of battle, and by this time order seemed to be restored on the right of this brigade. I immediately went to the left of the brigade. On my way to this point I found the One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, which had retired from in front of the brigade line of battle, formed in rear of the Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, and I directed it to the right of the line to render that secure against further disorder. Perceiving that the enemy were about to make a similar demonstration on the left, I went to that point, rectified the alignment of certain regiments which I found there belonging to other brigades, and remained there and on the line of this brigade until the heavy firing creased, the enemy were repulsed in every attack. As I passed frequently along the line I had occasion to note accurately the conduct of all the regiments, and with the exception of the momentary disorder which occurred in the ranks of the One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers too much raise cannot be awarded them for their firmness and good conduct, but especial praise is due to the officers and soldiers of the Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, whose conduct left nothing to be desired.

After firing had ceased strong pickets were thrown to the front of this brigade, and many prisoners were taken by them. They were carefully directed on no account to fire, but to use all their exertions to capture. In the stillness of evening which followed nothing was to be heard at first but the groans of the wounded and dying in front of this position, mingled with the shouts of the enemy over the spoils found in the wagons which they had captured. These sounds were followed by the rumbling of wagons going to the enemy's rear. Mean time my pickets and the prisoners they captured gave accurate information of the movement of the enemy's infantry and cavalry, all of which indicated that the position was to be attacked at early dawn. Between 9 and 10 p. m. I was informed of the intention to retire the army to Pleasant Hill, and at the same time the brigadier-general commanding the division charged this brigade with the duty of bringing up the rear. As the brigade pickets were within a few feet of those of the enemy, to do this without his knowledge was a difficult operation. I sent for the commanding officers of the different regiments and gave them the most minute instructions as to the proceeding. The remainder of the army having retired shortly before midnight this brigade retired silently from in front of the enemy.

The brigade moved upon the road in the following order: The One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, the One hundred and fourteenth New York Volunteers, the One hundred and sixteenth New York Volunteers, the Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers bringing up the extreme rear and furnishing a suitable rear guard. This march to Pleasant Hill was a painful one, as many delays were caused, owing to the long wagon trains and great number of stragglers along the road. The greatest care was taken to drive in and forward all

