
Numbers 70. Itinerary of the First Brigade, May 1-22.*

May 1.-The brigade was at Alexandria, La., on the Red River expedition, the Twenty-ninth Maine being across the river at work on the dam for the relief of the naval squadron.

May 2.-The brigade, except Twenty-ninth Maine, went out toward Cheneyville with trains for forage; opposed by superior force of the enemy; skirmished all day; killed 3 and wounded others; our loss, none.

May [4].-The One hundred and sixteenth New York sent over river to work on dam.

May 5.-Forage rations reduced one-third; rations of troops reduced one-third.

May 9.-The One hundred and sixteenth New York transferred to Third Brigade.

May 13.-Marched down Red River to Osborne's plantation, 12 miles.

May 14.-Passed Wilson's Landing and Choctaw Bayou.

May 15.-Marched to Marksville, cavalry skirmishing, 12 miles.

May 16.-Marched through Marksville, the First Brigade skirmishing all morning on the extreme left of Federal line; 2 wounded in thee One hundred and sixty-first New York; bivouac at Bayou De Glaize, 16 miles.

May 17.-Marched to Simsport without opposition, 8 miles.

May 19.-Crossed on transports and marched up the Atchafalaya, 2 miles.

May 20.-Marched to Mississippi River and down, 12 miles.

May 21.-Marched through Williamsport, 13 miles.

May 22.-Marched to Morganza Bend, Mississippi River, and went into camp, 3 miles.

Numbers 71. Report of Colonel Edwin P. Davis, One hundred and fifty-third New York Infantry, of engagements at Sabine Cross-Roads and Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. 153rd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Grand Ecore, L.a, April 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the campaign since we left Natchitoches: On the morning of the 6th instant (Wednesday) I broke camp at Natchitoches at 7.30 a. m., joined my brigade, and took up a line of march in direction of Pleasant Hill. After proceeding about 17 miles we bivouacked for the night at 5.30 p. m. At 5.30 a. m. of Thursday, the 7th instant, we broke camp and took up line of march; reached Pleasant Hill about 4 p. m. and went into bivouac about 5 p. m. Heard firing in our front; rumors of our cavalry having engaged the enemy.

The next morning, being Friday, we broke camp at 6 a. m. My regiment was detached from the brigade, being detailed as rear guard to the division trains to relieve the Thirtieth maine Volunteers, which I did at 11 o'clock that day. At 3 p. m. I reached the old saw-mill,

---------------

*From return for May.

---------------

