
where the First Brigade had gone into bivouac, but soon the division moved forward and my regiment was ordered to remain and guard the wagons and artillery which were left in camp at the old saw-mill, which I did. The next morning at 4 a. m., 9th instant, I rejoined my brigade at the old saw-mill, and took the rear of the column en route for Pleasant Hill, where we arrived at 8.30 a. m. of same day, and took up a position in the woods on the right of the main road, where I remained until 5 p. m., when I received orders to move my regiment up the main road leading from Pleasant Hill, and to take up a position, the right of my regiment resting on the road, and the line of battle directly diagonal across the wood; also to throw out my skirmishers with orders to hold their position and not to fire a shot until the enemy made their appearance. I had been here but a short time when the enemy made their appearance in a strong force, drove in my skirmishers, and fired a terrific volley into my regiment, which was handsomely met by my men, who poured volley after volley and succeeded in driving them out of the woods. Again they made their appearance and endeavored to turn my regiment and left flankers, but were driven back pell-mell. They again made several attempts to drive me from my position without success. I maintained it until I was ordered to retire, my ammunition being all exhausted, about 8 o'clock, and took up a new position in the rear about 40 yards. About 2 a. m. of the 10th instant I joined the brigade, and took our line of march for Grand Ecore. We bivouacked about 2 o'clock on Sunday, the 10th instant, for the night. Broke camp at 5.50 of the morning of the 11th instant and reached Grand Ecore at 3.30 p. m. My men behaved nobly, and I attach much credit to the noble manner in which my line officers acted, and Lieutenant-Colonel Strain, Major Sammons, and Adjutant Davis rendered me valuable assistance in keeping my line together and maintaining my position. The casualties are as follow:*

Respectfully,

EDWIN P. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 72. Itinerary of the Second Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, March 15-May 22.+

March 15.-The brigade marched from Franklin for Alexandria, a distance of 150 miles.

March 25.-Arrived at Alexandria.

March 28.-Resumed the march, passing up Bayou Rapides; thence crossing Bayou Rapides we followed up the Old River, or, as it is now called, the Cane River, to within 25 miles of Natchitoches, a distance of 45 miles.

Brigade marched from Cane River, 45 miles below Natchitoches, La., to Sabine-Cross-Roads, near Mansfield, La., making a distance of 93 miles, where it arrived on the 8th instant and fought in the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed, 28 wounded, and 12 missing.

---------------

+From returns for March, April, and May.

