
Numbers 74. Report of Colonel Francis Fessenden, Thirtieth Maine Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the engagements at Sabine Cross-Roads and Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Third Brigade of this division during the six days from the 6th to the 11th instant: On the morning of the 6th, at 9 a. m., the brigade moved with the division on the Fort Jesup road, south of Spanish Lake, 15 miles from Natchitoches, and camped at [Sand Hill]. On the morning of the 7th instant the brigade marched with the division 20 miles to Pleasant Hill, and went into camp at 4 p. m. on the open ground in front of Pleasant Hill, and near the woods. The Thirtieth Maine Volunteers was on this day detached as rear guard to the army trains, and did not move till 10 a. m., and went into camp at 10.30 p. m. 7 miles in rear of Pleasant Hill, the trains being stopped by the bad condition of the roads and the darkness of the night.

On the morning of the 8th, at 9 a. m., the brigade, then consisting of the One hundred and sixty-second, One hundred and sixty-fifth, and One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, moved with the division 7 miles on the road to Mansfield, and camped on Ten-Mile Bayou at 1.30 p. m. At 3 p. m. the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers joined the brigade. At 4 p. m. the regiments were ordered to take two days' rations and be prepared to march at once. At 4.30 p. m. the brigade, being third in the division column, marched 6 miles to a position near Sabine Cross-Roads to the support of the Thirteenth Corps, which was then engaged in a severe action with the enemy. The brigade, on arriving near the field of battle, passed through a demoralized mass of retreating cavalry, infantry, artillerymen, and camp followers, crowding together in the midst of wagons and ambulances, and entered the field to the left of the road. The troops were immediately deployed in line in the following order: The One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers on the right of the brigade, resting upon the left of the Second Brigade. The One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers deployed upon the left of the One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers, both regiments being upon the crest of a hill with a ravine in front, and the enemy behind a similar crest beyond. The Thirtieth Maine Volunteers were deployed in rear of the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, and the One hundred and sixty-fifth new York Volunteers upon its left and a few rods in advance. The brigade was immediately subjected to the fire of the enemy, which was returned with effect by the One hundred and sixty-second New York, One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, and One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers. The enemy speedily disappeared. In this action the One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers were subjected to the fire of the enemy while forming in line, and fell to the rear in some confusion, running through the left company of the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers. They soon rallied and were deployed as skirmishers on the left of the line, while the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers was moved to the left of the last line of battle while the enemy were yet firing.

