
The enemy having been repulsed, the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers was placed in reserve in line of battle behind the line, its right resting upon the main road. The brigade was under fire about one hour, during which time it repulsed an attack of the enemy upon the left of our line. The attack was mainly repulsed by the One hundred and sixty-second and One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers. It is not surprising that the One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers was thrown into confusion in this action, as they were attacked while forming in line, and their only field officer present, Lieutenant-Colonel Carr, severely wounded in the wrist and compelled to leave the field. With that exception the brigade behaved with great steadiness. Major Royal E. Whitman, of the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers, was severely wounded while in front of his regiment, and had to be carried from the field. The loss of the brigade on this day was as follows: One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers, 1 killed, 5 wounded; One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, 1 killed, 13 wounded, 43 missing; One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, 4 wounded; Thirtieth Maine Veteran Volunteers, 2 killed, 9 wounded, 44 missing; total, 4 killed, 31 wounded, 87 missing.

The brigade lay upon its arms until 10.30 p. m., when it retired to Pleasant Hill, marching all night and arriving at Pleasant Hill about 9.30 a. m. of the 9th instant. The enemy showing themselves in rear of the division, the Third Brigade was drawn up in line of battle upon the front of road under the direction of Colonel Peck, One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, then commanding brigade, but was soon after moved to its camping-ground, on the night of the 7th instant, in the skirt of the woods at the lower end of the open ground in front of Pleasant Hill, and companies deployed from each regiment as skirmishers. The men passed the day till 3 p. m. in cooking, sleeping, and finding ware. At 3 p. m. the brigade fell into line and prepared to move at a moment's notice. At 3.30 p. m. our cavalry skirmishers were driven in upon our left flank, through our infantry skirmishers, and reported that they were attacked by infantry. The skirmishers in front of the brigade in the woods were strengthened, and the line of battle of the brigade was changed from its position in the skirt of the woods to a position 300 yards to the rear, behind a deep ditch, the edges of which were overgrown with reeds and underbrush, which partially concealed the troops from view when lying down. The ground sloped toward the ditch from the woods, and ascended again to the rear. The regiments were posted in the following order: The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York was on the right of the brigade, the One hundred and seventy-third New York on the right center, the One hundred and sixty-second New York on the left center, and the Thirtieth Maine Veteran Volunteers on the extreme left of the brigade, the brigade being the left of the front line of battle. The right of the brigade was near the woods on the right of the open ground,while the left of the line rested on open ground and was entirely uncovered. The companies of skirmishers were directed to remain in the woods. Shortly after 5 p. m. a company of colored soldiers, deployed as skirmishers between the skirmishers of the brigade and the skirmishers of the troops of the Sixteenth Corps, who were in line in echelon some 400 yards to our left rear, in the woods beyond the slope in our rear, were driven in across the open ground on my left. Shortly after the skirmishers of the brigade in the woods were driven in, and

