
the battle in the Second Brigade. Four companies of the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers, mistaking the colors of General Smith's regiments for their own, advanced with that brigade until the battle ceased. The company of skirmishers that feel back after the One hundred and sixty-second New York on the first attack advanced with the troops that charged on the right of General Smith's troops, leaving the colors and four companies with the field officers. Having advanced until the enemy were entirely repulsed from that part of the field, I halted to reform the regiment. Finding that Colonel Benedict had been killed, and that Colonel Peck was not on the field, I assumed command of the brigade, and endeavored to collect it together, which I succeeded in doing about 9 a. m. The brigade bivouacked in the filed on the ground where it was first attacked. Here the troops were supplied with ammunition. At 11.30 p. m. I received orders to hold the troops in readiness to move at a moment's notice, and at 1.40 a. m. the brigade took up its line of march to the rear, reaching its original camping-ground, 15 miles from Natchitoches, at about 12.30 p. m. April 10. The troops rested here till the following morning, when the brigade moved at 6 a. m. to its present of Saturday, the 9th instant, was as follows: One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers, 13 killed, 44 wounded, 48 missing; One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, 2 killed, 10 wounded, 61 missing; One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, 5 killed, 37 wounded, 147 missing; Thirtieth Maine Veteran Volunteers, 9 killed, 50 wounded, 28 missing; total, 29 killed, 141 wounded, 284 missing. The total loss in both actions was as follows: 33 killed, 172 wounded, 371 missing.

The losses of the brigade in this action of the 9th, as has been seen, were heavy. Colonel Benedict was instantly killed early in the action. Lieutenant-Colonel Green, One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, was severely wounded, and was compelled to be assisted from the field. A number of officers were killed, wounded, and missing. The staff officers of the brigade were greatly exposed during the action, and behaved with coolness and bravery. The battle was a short one, and the number of killed, wounded, and missing. The staff officers of the brigade were greatly exposed during the action, and behaved with coolness and bravery. The battle was a short one, and the number of killed, wounded, and missing in the brigade bears testimony to the severity of the conflict in which they participated.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS FESSENDEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A D D E N D A.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 57. Alexandria, La., May 8, 1864.

A court of inquiry, convened at the request of Colonel Lewis M. Peck, One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, having found that Colonel Peck preceded his regiment to the rear at the battle of Pleasant Hill, April 9, 1864; that Colonel Peck did not make proper attempts to rally his regiment while in confusion; that Colonel Peck was not with his regimental colors, or with those of his men who were rallied around them when they advanced against

