
order, viz: On the right, the One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers; second, the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers; third, the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers, and on the left the One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers. To prepare for the attack it was necessary to move the regiments somewhat, and to tear down a high rail fence immediately in our front, which obstructed our advance. As a determined resistance was expected from the enemy upon the hill, orders were given by Colonel Fessenden that the regiments should advance simultaneously over the open field at his command, rapidly, yet in as good order as possible, close the ranks, and reform the line without delay at the foot of the hill, then ascend and dislodge the enemy at all hazards. Before the line was properly formed or the fence removed the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers was ordered forward by a staff officer (a lieutenant of General Banks' staff). The Thirtieth Maine and the One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers were then ordered to move on to its support, though the latter regiment had hardly yet gained its position. Despite the want of concert which this unwarranted officiousness occasioned, the regiments advanced rapidly, charged at a run over nearly a quarter of a mile of open field, and passing over another fence and some fallen timber at the foot of the hill climbed its steep sides under a most rapid and galling fire from the enemy. The One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers, then under my command, the Thirtieth Maine, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Hubbard, and the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, led by Captain Conrady, gained the summit of the hill almost simultaneously, though at different points, according to their respective positions in line. The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, moving through the woods on the right, was somewhat obstructed by the marsh before mentioned, and its arrival at the top of the hill was a little later than that of the other regiment,s though in good order and well held together. On reaching the summit of the hill a destructive fire was delivered on the enemy in view and in full retreat. Quite a number of them were either killed, wounded, or taken prisoners.

Colonel Fessenden, commanding the brigade, was severely wounded in the leg while leading the charge across the field, and, having been notified of such by a staff officer, I assumed command of the brigade. The scattered condition of our forces, occasioned by the interference before mentioned, rendered it necessary to halt for fifteen or twenty minutes in order to reform the lines for an advance. This being done the brigade moved steadily forward half a mile until its advance was checked by a deep ravine. Here a movement was made by the right flank; the First Louisiana Infantry and Thirteenth Connecticut Infantry, heretofore in rear, passed to our right at this point, and filed to the left into an open field. Here the whole force was exposed to a severe fire from the enemy, to whom our pause had given time to take position on a second hill. The advance line moved to a ditch in the center of the field and laid down; the Third Brigade formed in rear (with the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers deployed as skirmishers in a ditch at right angles to the left flank of the advance line) and halted for a few minutes until joined by the One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers and a few men separated in the charge from the other regiments. The brigade then moved forward over the protected line in front, and advanced to the enemy's second position, which was found to be evacuated,

