
then moved back again to the foot of the hill and filed by the left 1 mile or more to the crossing, where the pontoon bridge was to be laid.

The loss of the brigade in this affair was as follows:

Killed Wounded

Regiments	 Officers	 Men	 Officers	 Men

162nd New York

Volunteers	 .......	 3	 2	 26

165th New York

Volunteers	 .......	 .......	 .......	 3

173 New York

Volunteers	 .......	 2	 2	 26

30th Maine

Volunteers	 2	 10	 2	 65

Total	 2	 15	 6	 120

Missing

Regiments	 Officers	 Men	 Total

162nd New York Volunteers	 ........	 1	 a32

165th New York Volunteers	 ........	 1	 4

173 New York Volunteers	 ........	 1	 b31

30th Maine Volunteers	 ........	 7	 b86

Total	 ........	 10 	 153

a One officer since died of wounds received in action.

b One enlisted man since died of wounds received in action.

The disproportionate loss of the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers results from the fact that its position in line made it necessary for it to pass a longer distance in the open field. The result of the charge, though perfectly successful, would have been more certain and attended with less loss had it not been for the officious interference of the staff officer before mentioned.

Captain Broach, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, Lieutenants Hall and Dwinal, of the brigade staff, and Colonel Peck, of the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, acting as a volunteer aide, are entitled to especial thanks for their assistance in disposing the troops and bringing up the charge. To Lieutenant Halleck, the efficient provost-marshal of the brigade, the command is indebted for the small number of stragglers and missing. At 8 a. m. the brigade made its bivouac near Cane River, at the crossing, and held position through the night.

It is with regret that the lieutenant-colonel commanding feels in duty bound to mention the absence of Lieutenant Hoffman from the field, at a time when his services were greatly needed to assist the other members of the staff in urging the men on to the attack, and his unsoldierly conduct in the presence of the brigade after the feat of the action had passed.

At 11 a. m. of the 24th, the dead having been buried,and the troops, trains, and wounded brought over in safety, the brigade moved forward on the Alexandria road, followed by the forces of General Smith. The march of the 24th was unobstructed by the enemy, and at 9 p. m. the brigade camped on Bayou Rapides, 18 miles southeast of Cane River. At 5.30 a. m. on the 25th, the march was resumed, and at 7 a. m. the brigade rejoined the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, which had camped 4 miles in advance the previous night. The march of the 25th was continued until 3.30 p. m., when the brigade camped north of Alexandria, 1 mile up the Red River.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

J. W. BLANCHARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

