
of the detached force. It forded the river in water from 2 to 3 feet deep, climbed a steep bank, advanced in line of battle nearly a mile, through hard-wood growth in low ground, and halted in the edge of a wood. Immediately in front was a broad, green field. In the middle of this our skirmishers were deployed and exchanged shots with the enemy's skirmishers in the wood across the field. After a halt of ten minutes our line advanced, crossed the field without opposition, forded aa narrow but deep and muddy bayou, changed direction with the brigade line to the left, passing through a tangled undergrowth of reeds, vines, and thorn bushes, moved across two small hill, in a southerly direction, and halted behind a hedge and a high rail fence, where the skirmishers of the flanking column were protected. In our front was an open cultivated field, a quarter of a mile in width, which extended to thee foot of a high sandy hill. The side of the hill was very steep and was rendered difficult of approach by a strong rail fence at thee foot, and by woods, bushes, and large fallen trees which covered the slope. Five regiments of rebel infantry were posted on the summit of a hill; their left was protected by a deep and impassable swamp, and their right by a deep ravine. By order of Colonel Fessenden, commanding the Third Brigade, this regiment moved by the left flank to a position in rear of the first fence, and directly in front of the hill, and prepared for a charge. The orders received were to remove the fence, advance at the order rapidly across the open field, reform lines, if necessary, under cover of the hill, and finally dislodge the enemy from its summit at all hazards. Before the fence was torn down, and while as yet two regiments of the brigade had not gained the designated position in line, and officer of General Banks' staff (Lieutenant Beebe, as I am informed) ordered forward the One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, without communicating with Colonel Fessenden, and contrary to his intentions. I immediately led my new regiment forward, and the One hundred and sixty-second followed, though compelled to face by the rear rank to commence the movement in time.

This regiment advanced rapidly over the field and ascended the hill under a severe fire from the enemy. Its colors reached the summit of the hill almost entirely unsupported by its line, inasmuch as the men, although they advanced without the slightest hesitation, and at a run, were impeded by the weight of their knapsacks and by the fences mentioned before. The colors of the One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers reached the summit of the hill almost simultaneously with those of this regiment. The enemy inflicted a severe loss upon our lines during the entire advance, but did not make an obstinate resistance, as expected, upon the hill.

The conduct of this regiment, as well as of the entire Third Brigade, was all that could by wished, yet the harmony of the attack and the designs of Colonel Fessenden were so far frustrated by the untimely excitement and officious interference of the staff officer before mentioned as to hazard the success of the entire enterprise. The troops were so much scattered from the same cause that a halt of twenty minutes was necessary in order to reform the lines upon the hill. This delay enabled the enemy to take a second position upon a hill half a mile in our advance. After reforming, this regiment moved forward with the brigade, now under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Blanchard, of the One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers, Colonel Fessenden having been

