
severely wounded in the assault. The regiment advanced one-fourth of a mile through the woods, moved by the flank across a ravine into an open field, received a sharp fire from the second position of the enemy, charged up the hill and carried this position without resistance, moved back to the foot of the hill, and marched 1 mile southeasterly to the Cane River, at the point where our pontoons were to be laid. The loss of the Thirtieth Regiment in this affair, as will appear by the accompanying report, is 2 officer and 10 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 67 enlisted men wounded, and 7 enlisted men missing.

The conduct of officers and men cannot be too warmly praised. They formed, advanced, and carried an almost impregnable position, held by superior numbers, and this under a severe and well-directed fire. The loss of the enemy was much less than the loss of our troops. So many were conspicuously brave that the mention of their names would form too long a list.

During the night of the 23rd, the bridge was laid and trains brought over the river. On the 24th, at 11 a. m., the Thirtieth Regiment moved up the Alexandria road, marched 22 miles, and encamped at 9 p. m. on Bayou Rapides, south of Cotile. At 5.30 a. m. of the 25th April the regiment broke camp, reported with its brigade to General Emory's division, and marched 20 miles to Alexandria.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth Maine Infantry.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTIETH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Alexandria, La., May 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received at midnight, May 4, the Thirtieth Maine Volunteers, with two wagons and two days' rations, was on board the transport Rob Roy at 5 minutes before 6 a. m. of the 5th instant. The boat was aground at her berth and an hour and a half was lost in getting her into the stream, although I put half the regiment on shore to lighten. At 7.30 a. m. got under way. Passed General Nickerson's brigade 3 miles down the river, and 1 mile farther met the gun-boat Saint Clair, which was to convoy the transport. The two boats then proceeded down the river, made landing at two places and searched for forage, but found none until we reached Mr. Osborne's plantation, some 17 miles below Alexandria; here the teams were put on shore, guards stationed, and the men put at work on the teams. General Nickerson's brigade overtook us at this place, and, having halted a few moments, went farther down accompanied by the gun-boat. I remained at Osborne's form noon until 5 p. m.; took twelve wagon loads of corn and six of corn fodder. Two squadrons of cavalry from General Smith's forces came down and fed their horses here. At 5 p. m. moved a mile farther down the river, taking the regiment and the teams down by land to the plantations of D. A. Smith and of Mr. Compton. At Smith's plantation a large quantity of corn and fodder was found; worked my teams until dark. About dusk General Nickerson's boats, accompanied by the gun-boat, came up the river and lay off the shore just

