
above the Rob Roy. Passed the night here; kept eight companies on shore and picketed in front, but had not alarm. In the morning of the 6th commenced work again upon Mr. Smith's forage. At 9 a. m. received work from General Nickerson that he had orders, just sent from Alexandria, to go up the river and take the Rob Roy with him. General Nickerson ordered me to get ready to move at once; put teams on board and returned to Alexandria. Twenty-two loads of corn were taken from Mr. Smith's. A large amount of forage was left here and at a plantation a quarter of a mile below. Before the boat left, some of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be the advance guard of a regular detachment, appeared half a mile below us. The small number of teams, the distance of the forage from the banks of the river, and the steepness of the banks, prevented me from collecting the forage very rapidly. The Rob Roy, too, was quite heavily loaded with commissary stores recently brought from New Orleans and her decks afforded but little storage room. The teams were constantly worked during the time allowed and the mules considerably exhausted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth Maine Volunteers.

Captain JOHN H. BROACH,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 77. Report of Brigadier General Frank S. Nickerson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, of engagement at David's Ferry, with itinerary of the brigade, April 15-May 22.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS,Wilson's Plantation, May 5, 1864.

MAJOR: No trouble at Wilson's (Smith's we have burned all); but below the John Warner and two gun-boats were captured this morning at 8. All the force had been concentrated below at Dunn's Bayou, where from the best report from prisoners captured (several), negroes, &amp;c., they have eight guns, 800 men, with Polignac's (formerly Mouton's) division at Paul's Stores. It is now 7 o'clock afternoon. I shall proceed no farther to-night. I sent back dispatches, and request 2,000 more men. With them I will clear the river. The gun-boats can afford us no assistance, as the river is so low that they can hurt no one. Prisoners say that not a man has been wounded by them. Infantry must land in the rear of their batteries. I landed 2 miles above at Wilson's with the infantry, and found no opposition at Wilson's. What I say about Dunn's is correct, I think. Give me the force. I will send it back in two days. Send it tonight.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. S. NICKERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If you think best to send more artillery, do so. I shall save the infantry. I don't know about the artillery.

