
Itinerary of the First Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, April 15-May 22.*

The last monthly return left the brigade, consisting of the Ninth Connecticut, Twelfth Maine, and One hundred and seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, at Carrollton, La. The Ninth Connecticut and Twelfth Maine Volunteers re-enlisted and were furloughed.

April 15.-The brigade present (One hundred and seventy-sixth New York) embarked on steamer Chouteau for Alexandria.

April 18.-Arrived at Alexandria; encamped in rear of town, where it now remains.

May 4.-The brigade was ordered to embark on steamers and proceed to and occupy Fort De Russy, stopping at Wilson's farm and driving the enemy from it.

May 5.-Arrived at Wilson's; found the enemy in force.

May 6.-In the morning received dispatches from headquarters Department of the Gulf ordering an immediate return. Arrived in Alexandria at 2 p. m. and encamped.

May 11.-Broke camp; advance of army.

May 16.-In line of battle during the day. Artillery duel at Mansura, but no general engagement.

May 22.-Arrived at Morganza, where we are now encamped.

Numbers 78. Report of Colonel William H. Dickey, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Corps d'Afrique, of action near Moreauville.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., U. S. INFTY. (COLORED),Morganza, La., May 27, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th of May while marching on the Bayou De Glaize road, 5 miles beyond Simsport, the enemy appeared, about 300 strong, coming from the wood to the right of the road, a little in advance of my position in the general column, and immediately advanced across the fields, firing on the train. I had just previously deployed a battalion as skirmishers, and it was then marching by the flank near the edge of the wood and in front of the rebel line. This regiment attacked the enemy vigorously, drove him from the field, and pursued some distance. Our loss was 2 killed, 8 wounded, and 2 missing. The enemy left 9 dead on the field. The rebel troops were mounted. No damage was done the train, except, perhaps, the slight wounding of a few horses and mules. The battalion of my command engaged behaved with the utmost coolness, and delivered its fire with excellent effect. No one who witnessed their conduct on this occasion can doubt that it is perfectly safe to trust colored troops in action, and depend upon their doing their full share of fighting. This report has been delayed by the failure of Lieutenant-Colonel Chadwick, the officer commanding the regiment engaged, to forward his report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. DICKEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FREDERIC SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, near Morganza.

---------------

*From returns for April and May.

---------------

