
March 20.-In the evening an expedition under Colonel T. J. Lucas, consisting of the First Brigade and two regiments of the Fourth Brigade, started up the Bayou Rapides road. They were supported by a detachment from General A. J. Smith's command, under Brigadier-General Mower, who had charge of the movement.

March 21.-Colonel Lucas encountered the enemy at Henderson's Hill and succeeded in gaining their rear. In conjunction with the infantry the cavalry attacked the enemy and captured 4 pieces of artillery with caissons, about 300 prisoners (nearly the entire rebel force), and all their arms and equipments, and nearly 400 horses.

March 28.-The division again moved forward, in advance of the army under Major-General Banks, to Henderson's Hill.

March 29.-The march was continued to Monett's Ferry, on Cane River, where the time was occupied until noon of the 30th building a bridge. Small squads of the enemy were encountered at this point, and there was some slight skirmishing. The bridge being completed, the division again moved forward to a short distance above Cloutierville, where another crossing of Cane River was made. Small parties of rebels retired before the advance, skirmishing to this point, and losing 2 or 3 killed and some wounded.

March 31.-The command moved forward at on early hour, and met with no resistance until about 1 p. m., when a small force of rebels was encountered about 6 miles from Natchitoches. The rebels, 1,000 strong, with four pieces of artillery, were driven rapidly through the town, losing several killed and wounded and 35 prisoners.

April 1.-The First Brigade, Colonel T. J. Lucas commanding, advanced to White's Store, 12 miles from Natchitoches, on the Shreveport road.

April 2.-The First, Third, and Fourth Brigades, Brigadier-General Lee commanding, made a reconnaissance to Crump's Hill, where the rebels were encountered and defeated by the First and Fourth Brigades. Their force consisted of about 2,000 men, with six pieces of artillery. One officer and 28 men were captured and a number killed and wounded.

April 3.-The enemy were pressed on the Pleasant Hill road, but showed strong force. The division then, pursuant to order, returned to White's Store and Natchitoches.

April 4.-A portion of the Fifth Brigade made a reconnaissance to Campti; engaged a superior force of the enemy, who were compelled to retire after a sharp fight.

April 6.-The division moved from Natchitoches, in advance of the army under Major-General Banks, to Crump's Hill.

April 7.-The march continued. The Third Brigade, Colonel H. Robinson commanding, having the advance, engaged 3,000 of Green's mounted Texans at Wilson's farm, 3 miles from Pleasant Hill, but was unable to dislodge them and was forced to retire some distance. Three regiments of the First Brigade, under Colonel Lucas, moved to their support, charged, and drove the rebels from their position with some loss. They retired to Carroll's Mill, where they received heavy re-enforcements, and were so strongly posted that it was found impossible to dislodge them with the force at hand.

April 8.-Colonel Landram arrived at daylight with a brigade of infantry to assist in the advance. A strong resistance was made, but the enemy was soon compelled to retire to Sabine Cross-Roads, where the forces of General Green, Polignac, Mouton, and Dick

