
Taylor, with some minor commands, had been concentrated. General Ransom came forward with another detachment of the Thirteenth Army Corps. A hill in front was occupied and a disposition of the forces made to guard against a surprise until the army, which was some distance in the rear, should arrive. The rebels soon advanced to the attack, and although a desperate resistance was made, they succeeded in breaking the infantry and a portion of the cavalry line and driving them in confusion from the field. The First, Third, and a part of the Fourth Brigades (cavalry) covering thee retreat, contested every foot of the ground. The Nineteenth Army Corps was met 3 miles from the field and the enemy was checked. During the night the cavalry retired to Pleasant Hill, having sustained a loss of about one-fifth of the number engaged, 6 guns, of the Second Massachusetts Battery, 2 guns of Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and 2 guns of the Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery, 156 wagons, about 800 mules, together with all the books and records of the division and of the First and Fourth Brigades. The Fifth Brigade was not engaged in this battle.

April 9.-Detachments of 500 men each from the First and Fifth Brigades, under Colonel Lucas, participated in thee engagement at Pleasant Hill. The remainder of the division, under General Lee, serving as escort to the train of wagons and ambulances, moved back to White's Store, and thence on the 10th to Grand Ecore, where the entire army arrived on the 11th and 12th. Skirmishing was of daily occurrence until the 21st, when the march was resumed.

April 22.-The First and Third Brigades skirmished with the enemy on the flank and rear of the army.

April 23.-It was ascertained that the enemy was strongly posted on the bluff at Monett's Ferry, on Cane River, a short distance in advance, while a heavy force threatened the rear. General Arnold, with the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Brigades, supported by a detachment of the Nineteenth Army Corps, was ordered to attack and dislodge the force in front, Colonel Lucas, with the First Brigade, having report to General A. J. Smith for duty in the rear. Fighting commenced in front and rear about daylight and continued until 4 p. m., when the enemy in front was routed and those in the rear defeated and driven back, and the army began to cross Cane River.

April 24.-The enemy again attacked Colonel Lucas, and were promptly met and repulsed. The entire army then crossed the river in safety and the march was continued to Henderson's Hill.

April 25.-The command encamped near Alexandria.

April 26 and 27.-The rebels approached the picket-lines and there was some skirmishing.

April 28.-An attack was made on the First Brigade, Colonel Lucas commanding, which was repulsed with some loss.

April 29 and 30.-There was some skirmishing along the line held by the Third and Fourth Brigades.

The division in the field, Brigadier-General Arnold commanding, was stationed at and near Alexandria, La., on outpost duty, and was engaged in skirmishers with the enemy almost every day until the 13th [May], at which time Alexandria was evacuated and the army moved down the Red River.

May 14.-The First Brigade, being in advance, encountered a small force of rebels and drove them back with some loss from Wilson's Landing.

