
night to a point 5 miles this side of Pleasant Hill, and placed in line of battle behind an open field and on each side of the road; that about 2 a. m. yesterday he left the ranks and started for our lines. Their stubborn resistance yesterday morning corroborates the statement. It was reported among his commanders that Price was marching down from Shreveport, and a part of his force had arrived.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Natchitoches, La., April 5, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding U. S. forces near Natchitoches, on the morning of the 2nd instant I moved from this place with the First, Third, and Fourth Brigades of the Cavalry Division on the Shreveport road. Twelve miles from this point, at a bridge just below White's Store, near where my own advance pickets were stationed, the enemy's pickets were encountered. They were driven rapidly, but were strongly re-enforced, and at Crump's plantation retired behind a strongly posted body of their force. At this place the road forks, in one direction leading to Many, in the other to Pleasant Hill. The country, before this heavily wooded, here shows an open field about a half mile square. On each road were planted three pieces of artillery, which opened on our advance as it appeared. The First Brigade, Colonel T. J. Lucas commanding, led our column. The Fourteenth new York Cavalry, in advance, charged with sabers a body of the enemy, driving them in disorder, and capturing several prisoners. The Sixteenth Indiana and Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry were immediately dismounted and thrown forward as skirmishers, and a section of Rawles' battery (G, Fifth U. S. Light Artillery) placed in position, supported by a battalion of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry. While placing the section in battery, a regiment of the enemy's cavalry charged it in column, approaching within 20 yards, when they were received by a discharge of canister and a charge by the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, before which they fled in confusion. The fork of the road was now gained, but the wood beyond was filled with dismounted skirmishers. An advance was made by our force and the rebels were slowly driven from the shelter of trees and ravines. The Fourth Brigade, Colonel Dudley commanding, joined in this skirmishing, and did good service. At 6 p. m. the First Brigade had gained 4 miles on the Many road, and was ordered to bivouac. The Fourth Brigade rested at a point 3 miles from the fork, on the Pleasant Hill road; the Third Brigade at the fork. Positive information was gained that Walker's and Mouton's infantry divisions were in camp at Pleasant Hill, 8 miles distant.

At daylight the enemy was pressed on the Pleasant Hill road, but showed strong force. Under my orders it was only left me to withdraw my force. Under my order it was only left me to withdraw my force, which retired slowly to the White Store, 12 miles from this place, where are still encamped two brigades, the Third retiring to this place.

