
My reports show the capture of 1 officer (a lieutenant of the Seventh Texas Cavalry) and 28 privates of different regiments. our loss was 7 men wounded. The enemy had in the engagement the Second and Fourth Louisiana Cavalry, Second, Fifth, and Seventh Texas Cavalry, and Debray's Cavalry (Texas independent), a force which I estimate at about 2,000 men.

I desire to mention with particular commendation Colonel T. J. Lucas, commanding First Brigade. He displayed great coolness and promptitude. The management of his command could not have been improved. Lieutenant-Colonel Redfield, Sixteenth Indiana, arose from a sick bed, and led his regiment with great coolness and gallantry Major A. Bassford, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, led his men in a charge against superior numbers, when officers and men behaved perfectly. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry and Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry behaved with equal gallantry. The Second Illinois, Fourth Brigade, Major Marsh commanding, drove the enemy effectively on the Pleasant Hill road. Though arriving on the field after the severest fighting, Colonel Dudley, commanding Fourth Brigade, managed his command ably and efficiently. The Third Brigade was not engaged.

I transmit herewith an accurate survey* of road over which we advanced; also copy, for information, of letter+ yesterday sent General Franklin, with intelligence from a deserter.

I have the honor to be, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Grand Ecore, April 12, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the left in very good shape except that if we should make a fight here considerable timber should be cut. I have no axes, and if preparation is desirable wold request a detail of 100 of the colored engineers with axes, for labor to-morrow.

I am, respectfully, yours,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

MAJOR: Regarding the part taken by the Cavalry Division in the events of the last few days, I have the honor to report that on the 6th instant, in pursuance of orders from Major-General Franklin, to whom I was ordered to report, I moved my force, consisting of the First, Third, and Fourth Brigades, from Natchitoches, on the road toward Shreveport, as the advance of the army. No enemy was seen this day. My camp was at Crump's Corners, 23 miles from Natchitoches.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

+See p. 447.

29 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT I

