
back through the woods and along the road over which we had advanced. The cavalry (mounted) formed repeatedly lines behind our retreating forces and stayed the advance of the rebels. Their gallantry and coolness was marked, and the repeated checks given the enemy went very far toward saving the routed army, which could now only hope for safety behind re-enforcements in the rear. About 2 miles from the field of battle was found the train of the Cavalry Division, which had become blocked in the ruts and mud of the road in attempting a retreat. The road was here so obstructed and the rush so great that the remaining three guns of Nims' battery, a section of Rawles' battery (G, Fifth Artillery), and a section of the Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery, fell into the hands of the enemy, who were closely pressing the rear. At this point were captured by the enemy 156 wagons and about 900 mules of the Cavalry Division. Here the Third Brigade, Colonel Robinson commanding, did good service in checking the enemy, Colonel Robinson being himself seriously wounded. The detachment of the Nineteenth Army Corps was soon met, deployed across the road, my troops, with others, formed behind it. The enemy's advance was checked, and during the night the entire force fell back to Pleasant Hill.

On this day the First Brigade, Colonel Lucas commanding, lost, killed, 11; wounded, 57; missing, 83; total loss, 151. The Fourth Brigade, Colonel Dudley commanding, lost, killed, 17; wounded, 143; missing, 52; total loss, 212. Two companies only of the Fifth Brigade were engaged in this action-Companies K and D, Eighteenth New York Cavalry, Captain William Davis commanding. Having been detailed as escort to General Ransom, they were left without orders and reported to Colonel Lucas, of First Brigade, who assigned them to duty. They acquitted themselves well. Their loss was, killed, 1; wounded, 9; missing, 2; total loss, 13. The Third Brigade, Colonel Robinson commanding lost, killed, 2; wounded, 10; missing, 7; total loss, 19. Nims' battery lost, killed, 2; wounded, 18; total loss, 20. Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery lost, wounded, 3. Rawles' battery (Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery) lost, killed, 5; wounded, 10; total loss, 15 men.

April 9, detachments of 500 men each from First and Fifth Brigades were ordered to report to General Franklin. Colonel Lucas, commanding First Brigade, was detached with Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Sixth Missouri Cavalry,a nd Fourteenth New York Cavalry. They participated in the battle at Pleasant Hill, as did the detachment of Fifth Brigade. The Sixteenth Indiana, in a charge on the left (dismounted), captured the flag of the First Texas Cavalry and many of their led horses. The loss of the First Brigade on the 9th was, killed, 1; wounded, 4; total loss, 5. The detachment Fifth Brigade lost in wounded, 21 men; in missing, 2 men; total loss, 23. With the remainder of the division and General Cameron's detachment of Thirteenth Army Corps I was ordered to escort the army trains to Grand Ecore, which was successfully done, arriving at this place on the evening of the 10th instant. During the period covered in this report the total known loss of the Cavalry Division was, killed, officers and men, 51 wounded, officers and men, 317; missing, officers and men, 155; total known loss, 523. Added to this a detachment of Fourteenth New York Cavalry of 50 men, Captain Andres commanding, was sent at midnight on the 9th instant by General Banks to communicate with the fleet on Red River, and have

