
Rottaken commanding, a force amounting in all to about 3,300 men, from natchitoches on the road toward Shreveport, as the advance of the army.

My orders from General Franklin were, "to attack the enemy wherever, I could find him, but not to bring on a general engagement." I had with my command a train of about 200 wagons, carrying and camp equipage. No enemy was seen that day. My camp at night was at Crump's Corners, 23 miles from Natchitoches. On the 7th the division move to and through Pleasant Hill, driving some 200 of the enemy's cavalry before them. About 12 m. the Third Brigade, Colonel Robinson commanding, composed of the First Louisiana Cavalry, Major Badger, and Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs, constituting the advance of the division, moved up the road toward Mansfield, and at Wilsons' farm, 3 miles distant from Pleasant Hill, encountered the enemy in considerable force posted in the timber on a hill beyond a clearing, with their left protected by a ravine. A lesser hill one-fourth mile in the enemy's front was immediately occupied by us. The Eighty-seventh Illinois was at once dismounted and deployed to the right, the First Louisiana taking position on the left and in reserve. Soon, however, the entire brigade was dismounted and moved to the front. A section of the howitzer battery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, and a section of Rawles' battery, were put in position on the crest of the hill, and opened fire on the enemy. In the mean time the firing was heavy on both sides and the resistance of the enemy so decided that the First Brigade, Colonel Lucas, was hastened to Colonel Robinson's support. Just before it moved to take position the enemy charged with great impetuosity our front and right flank, driving the Third Brigade about 100 yards and forcing our artillery to retire; but the First Brigade, advancing immediately (dismounted), united with the Third Brigade, and impetuously charging the enemy, drove them in turn, breaking their line and dislodging them from their original position. During the action I sent a staff officer to General Franklin, informing him that the enemy were in force in my front, and suggesting that a brigade of infantry should be moved near me for a support in case of need. General Franklin was found at Pleasant Hill and sen forward a brigade of infantry, but before reaching me, the heavy firing having ceased, it was withdrawn to Pleasant Hill. At 2 p. m. I sent to General Franklin the following dispatch:

APRIL 7, 1864-2 p. m.

General FRANKLIN:

The enemy drove us with considerable lost in killed and wounded. We have driven them in turn and regained our ground and firing has ceased. I shall advance a little cautiously.

Yours, respectfully,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

A pursuit was ordered and the enemy driven, though resisting stubbornly at every favorable point. About 5 p. m. I received the following dispatch from General Franklin's adjutant:
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES WESTERN LOUISIANA,Pleasant Hill, April 7, 1864.

GENERAL: The general commanding has received your dispatch of 2 p. m. A brigade of infantry went to the front, but the firing having ceased it was with-drawn.

