
The infantry is all here. The general directs that you proceed to-night as far as possible, with your whole train, in order to give the infantry room to advance to-morrow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I was at this time about 6 miles from Pleasant Hill, and continued my advance till near night-fall, the rebels being driven to Carroll's Mill, 10 miles beyond Pleasant Hill. At this point they opened upon us with four pieces of artillery and were so strongly posted on the opposite side of a bayou or creek that it was impossible to dislodge them at the time and with the force we had.

The division held this point and bivouacked on the field. In the action at Wilson's farm we captured 23 prisoners and killed and wounded a large number of the enemy. I have heretofore transmitted list of casualties, showing from our force a total of 11 enlisted men missing. I herewith transmit, marked A,* a sketch of the field and position of troops.

From prisoners it was ascertained that the enemy had engaged six regiments, in number about 3,000 men, a portion of Green's mounted force of Texans. The character of ground over which we fought was the thick pine woods of this region, and forbade the use of mounted men. So thick and impenetrable was the growth of wood near our camp of the that night that it was necessary to allow a large portion of my train to remain in the road. It was so left, the wagons faced to the rear.

In the action at Wilson's farm both officers and men behaved well, and had not the ammunition of a large proportion of the Eighty-seventh been entirely exhausted the enemy could not even temporarily have driven hem from this ground. At 9 p. m. I sent the following dispatch to General Franklin, then at Pleasant Hill:

ABOUT 8 MILES FROM PLEASANT HILL,

April 7, 1864-9 p. m.

GENERAL: I am camped with most of my force along the road near this point; Fourth Brigade is camped on the battle-ground of to-day. At sundown the enemy was just in our advance, in strong position, with four pieces of artillery, which they used freely. We suffered here somewhat. I am simply holding the ground. I deem it much more expensive to life to fight the enemy in this immediate country with dismounted and, necessarily, somewhat confused cavalry than with infantry. I had intended visiting you to-night, but think I had better not leave. I will, however, with an entire deference to what may be your own judgment, suggest that a brigade of infantry be ordered to the front at an early hour to-morrow morning, to act with me in the conduct of the advance. If a resistance should be obstinate I should like to leave my train with the advance of infantry. I shall have my command ready to move at daylight. I find here almost no water.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

During the latter part of the night I received the following reply:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, &amp;C.,April 7, 1864-12.30 a. m.

GENERAL: General Franklin is in receipt of your dispatch. He directs me to as that General Banks is here, and by his order a brigade of infantry will move to your support at 3 a. m. The orderly is detained to act as guide to this brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

DAVID LYON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure; but see p. 226.

---------------

