
About sunrise on the morning of the 8th, a brigade of the Fourth Division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, Colonel Landram commanding, was reported to me to assist in the advance. The First Brigade of my division, Colonel T. J. Lucas commanding, was placed in the advance, and shortly after sunrise the command moved on the enemy. His resistance was strong, but he was quickly driven from his position. The advance continued steadily but slowly. A regiment of the First Brigade, dismounted, moving as skirmishers before two regiments of infantry advancing in line. Frequently artillery was used to dislodge the enemy from his stronger positions.

The following report was sent to General Franklin:

FIVE MILES FROM MANSFIELD, April 8, 1864-11.45 a. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN:

The enemy have thus far disputed our progress at every favorable position. We suffer in killed and wounded, but advance steadily. Lieutenant-Colonel Webb, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry, was just killed. Two or three other officers are killed and several wounded.

Yours, respectfully,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

The disposition of my force on the march had placed the First Brigade Cavalry, Colonel Lucas commanding, in connection with the infantry brigade, in the front; Fourth Brigade Cavalry, Colonel Dudley commanding, followed, two regiments in column in the road, and a regiment covering either flank. The Third Brigade, Colonel robinson commanding, wa sext in column, in charge of the entire train and such artillery as was not engaged in front. This brigade with the train was often halted by my order in case of heavy skirmishing, and again moved forward on a stretch of country being gained. It is perhaps not out of place to state that Brigadier-General Stone, chief of staff, was riding with me in front during almost the entire march of this day. About 12 m. we had advanced 5 miles from our camp of the eight previous, and were distant 4 or 5 miles from Mansfield, when a heavy force of the enemy appeared in our front and on our right flank. At about this time General Ransom appeared on the ground with the Second Brigade of the Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, to relieve the First Brigade from its duty with the cavalry advance. Immediately in our front was a large clearing on the slope of a hill, over which was the course of the road. But little resistance was offered to our advance to the crest of the hill, and we were soon in position. Two regiments of the Fourth Brigade Cavalry, Colonel Dudley commanding (the Third and Sixth* Massachusetts Cavalry), were placed on the flank, deployed in the woods. The Second Illinois Cavalry formed a half a mile in the rear of the first lines. Nims' battery of horse artillery, rifled 6-pounders, was placed in position on the crest of the hill in and to the right and left of the road. A section of the Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery was placed on the left of Nims'. A brigade of infantry was placed in the front, one regiment to the left of Nims' battery, the others to the right. A second brigade of infantry was placed on our right flank, facing the enemy, who appeared in that direction. The First Brigade Cavalry, Colonel T. J. Lucas commanding, was placed on the extreme right of the line and fought dismounted.

---------------

*The Thirty-first Massachusetts Infantry, mounted.

---------------

