
mounted. With this brigade was a section of the Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery and a section of Rawles' battery. The Third Brigade Cavalry was in rear, as before stated, escorting the train of the division, which was now halted about 1 1/2 miles from our front. Our skirmishers soon developed the fact that the enemy were before us in strong position and in great force. Our lines rested and the position of the enemy was closely reconnoitered.

At about 1 p. m., and shortly after we had occupied the ground, Major-General Banks, with his staff, arrived upon the field and directed me by a staff officer to report to him. I reported in person and explained to him the disposition of my force, and so far as possible the strength and position of the enemy, stating, in my opinion, we could not with our present force drive them, and that we must either fall back or be heavily re-enforced to advance. He directed me to retain my present positions, observe carefully the enemy, and report any movement, stating his intention to immediately order forward infantry.

Our forces were now for a long time stationary, light skirmishing, however, continuing on the flanks. The enemy Meanwhile could be observed to shift the position of strong columns, using for such purpose a road crossing the Mansfield road, and passing along and not distant from our right. Accompanying sketch, marked B,* shows position of troops and the ground. About 4 p. m. I received an order, through a staff officer of General Banks, to dispose my troops to advance to Mansfield. I immediately reported in parson to General Banks, representing to him that the troops were already disposed for an advance, but that none could be made without bringing on an engagement. He then directed me to let them remain and immediately sent an officer to the rear to hasten forward the infantry. At this moment I received the following dispatch from General Franklin:

TEN MILES FROM PLEASANT HILL,

April 8, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch of 11.45 a. m. You have doubtless been joined by General Ransom with another brigade by this time, and General Banks left here about 11 o'clock to go to the front. I hope to be able to get up part of General Emory's force to you to-morrow to relieve General Ransom's. In the mean time let me know anything that may occur.

Yours, respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

I do not understand that it is General Banks' or General Ransom's intention to stay with you, but merely to see what is going on.

I sent this dispatch by a staff officer to General Banks for his information. He replied that himself and General Ransom would remain.

About 4.30 p. m. the enemy made a general advance all along our lines in strong force, and though an obstinate resistance was made, the attacking force was so overwhelming in number that our lines were soon forced back and driven for about a mile to the wood at the foot of the hill. No re-enforcements had at that time arrived.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure; but see pp. 227, 228.

---------------

