
In the attack on the front Nims' battery did most excellent service, repelling three successive charges of the enemy. Twenty minutes after the action opened I ordered the battery to retire, the infantry support having already given way in confusion. Three pieces were taken to the rear in good order; three pieces were left on the field, it being impossible to remove them, the horses being disabled. The section of Sixth missouri Howitzer Battery retired in good order. The First Brigade meanwhile was doing splendid service as infantry on the right flank, being the last troops to retire. Sections of Rawles' battery and Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery acted here with great effect, and retired with the brigade. The regiments of the Fourth Brigade fell back in good order, and, according to directions, kept well on the flanks, repelling the enemy in their attempts to press to our rear. On falling back lines were formed at the line of woods, assisted by the Third Division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, General Cameron commanding, which had just arrived. These troops, however, after making a brief stand, were forced to give way before overwhelming numbers, and the retreat was extended, troops falling aback through the woods and along the road over which we had advanced.

The cavalry (mounted) formed repeatedly lines behind our retreating forces and stayed the advance of the rebels. Their gallantry and coolness was marked, and the repeated checks given the enemy, I am confident, went very far toward saving the routed army, which could now only hope for safety behind re-enforcements in the rear. About 1 miles from the field of battle was found a portion of the train of the Cavalry Division, which had become block din the ruts and mud of the narrow road in attempting to retreat. The road was here so obstructed, and the rush of retreating forces so great, that the remaining three guns of Nims' battery, a section of the Sixth Missouri Howitzer Battery, fell into the hands of the enemy, who were closely pressing the rear and flanks. At this point were captured by the enemy 156 wagons and about 900 mules of the Cavalry Division. These wagons were mostly loaded with forage. Besides forage there were in the train about 20,000 rations and most of the camp equipage of the First and Fourth Brigades. The ammunition train was saved. In view of this considerable loss from the train of my command, a loss which has provoked some criticism, I desire, in explanation of its presence and continued presence,t o call attention to the order of General Franklin, cited int his report and received by me about 5 p. m. of the preceding day, directing me to proceed that night as far as possible with my whole train to give the infantry room on the following day.

I will state, also that I had frequently requested that my train or the bulk of it might be left with the advance train of the infantry, as I found it a great charge and incumbrance, in conducting the advance. Such permission had never been granted. On the night of the 7th, in my dispatch of 9 p. m., I again indicated such wish, but without eliciting reply. My own dispatches cited inn report could hardly fail to represent the current condition of affairs to my superiors, and under such explicit instructions and orders I can see little room left me as a soldier for the exercise of personal judgment. About 10 or 11 a. m. of the 8th, my train was at the creek near Carroll's Mill, 5 or 6 miles from the battle-field. While a halt was being made to construct a bridge, General Banks and staff and General Franklin and staff came up and observed its construction. General Franklin

