
reliance in the discharge of all the varied duties of an active campaign. He deserves promotion. The other brigade commanders discharged their duties well.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General, late Commanding Cavalry Division.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 82. Reports of Brigadier General Richard Arnold, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of engagement at Monett's Ferry and skirmish (May 2) at Wilson's Landing.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT OF THE GLUFF,Alexandria, La., May 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of three brigades of cavalry under my command in the operations against the enemy at Cane River on the 23rd ultimo: In accordance with General Emory's instructions of the 22nd of April, Colonel Gooding's command, the Fifth Brigade,w as moved forward at 5 a. m. of the 23rd, and immediately engaged the enemy, driving the skirmishers steadily forward until they crossed the river. Colonel Davis' brigade was posted partly on Gooding's left and in rear to support his command, and, if necessary, the left flank. Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs' brigade was held in reserve. As soon a the advance of the enemy had been driven across the river a brisk fire of artillery was opened upon the cavalry in the plain, when, by General Emory's orders, all but the dismounted men were withdrawn, and a line of infantry skirmishers thrown forward. The artillery was then placed in position and the cavalry withdrawn under cover of the woods. Colonel Davis was then ordered to move his command through the woods to the left to the river and endeavor to find a practicable ford, in order to cross to attack the enemy's right and rear. Colonel Davis, owing to swampy ground, ravines, &amp;c., did not reach the river until afternoon, and not finding any practicable ford was then ordered to make positive demonstration on the enemy's right to divert their attention from the movement on the left. He succeeded in driving about 200 of the enemy across the stream. While these operations were going on the First Vermont Battery, under Captain Hebard, was moved forward through the woods at the suggestion of Colonel Chrysler, and immediately opened with most admirable effect upon the principal battery of the enemy near the ferry, and soon forced it to retire. About this time the Second New York [Veteran] Cavalry, under Colonel Chrysler, was specially selected to move through the woods upon the open plain and determine if the enemy were still in force in our front. This service was handsomely performed and deserves commendation. Discovering confusion in their ranks, the colonel immediately ordered his men across the field, forded the stream, and occupied the heights just abandoned. The enemy being in full retreat, this regiment was immediately ordered in pursuit, followed by the Second Illinois, and

