
subsequently by the Third Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs, and but for mistaking the road over which the main force retired, it being late in the day nearly dark, must have captured a large number of the enemy, then completely round by General Birge's command, which attacked on the left flank.

No reports of the killed and wounded of the various commands have been submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, La., May 5, 1864.

The within report should have gone in with my report of the 27th but was only received to-day. It is proper to state that the reference in this report to the First Vermont Battery requires this correction: There was only one gun of this battery at the place referred to. Captain Hinkle, First Indiana, was in command of the battery, composed of pieces from several batteries, and that place was suggested by Colonel Chrysler. It was after it had been select and determined upon to place a battery there as soon as it was proper to do so. See my report and that of chief of artillery, Captain Closson. If it is of any consequence, and I think it is, it is due to Captain Morey and Captain Rice, both of the Sixth Massachusetts Cavalry, to say they both called attention to the place early in the morning. I have already in my report commended Colonel Chrysler, whose gallant conduct I was eye-witness to, and who was sen by me in pursuit. In submitting this report, I take pleasure in stating that the cavalry generally, directed by General Arnold, although unfortunate in missing the road when I sent them in pursuit, behaved very well on that day, particularly the Fifth Brigade, Colonel Gooding commanding.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE GULF,Alexandria, May 2, 1864.

MAJOR: Lieutenant-Colonel Crebs, with his force of 500 men, sent below at 2 o'clock this morning, has returned. He reports that 10 miles below here he met a considerable picket force of the enemy. He drove them as far as Wilson's Landing, where he met a force variously estimated at from 500 to 1,500 strong. After moderate skirmishing the rebels opened upon him with one piece of artillery. Deeming that no advantage would result from an attack, Colonel Crebs held his ground for a while, and then slowly retired, the enemy not following. Having proceeded 2 or 3 miles on his return, the colonel met transports moving down river, and immediately faced his column about and moved toward the enemy to prevent his firing upon our boats. The boats having passed without molestation the command was moved back to camp without incident. From

