
both blacks and whites was learned that a considerable rebel cavalry force was stationed at Cheneyville, with some artillery. More definite information could not be obtained. Colonel Crebs believed the enemy's force at Wilson's Landing about 500 strong. He could not learn without a decided attack whether more than one piece of artillery was on the ground. No artillery moved with our column. The rebel position was between a swamp, not easily turned, and Red River.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 83. Report of Captain Ormand F. Nims, Second Massachusetts Battery, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. BATTERY B, MASSACHUSETTS LIGHT HORSE ARTY.,Grand Ecore, La., April 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my command left Natchitoches April 6, at daylight, marching in the center of the division as reserve artillery; encamped with the Third Brigade at Crump's Corners; distance marched, 23 miles. April 7, marched at 6 a. m., in the center of the division a reserve artillery. Reached Pleasant Hill at 1 p. m.; was ordered to the front (Wilson's farm), but being unable to get into position was ordered back to Pleasant Hill; at 7 p. m. moved up to Wilson's farm and encamped. April 8, marched at 6 a. m. in the advance. At 8 a. m. four pieces were ordered to the front of the column; went into position until we reached a position one-half mile from Sabine Cross-Roads, where we went into battery and shelled the enemy from the heights. Then the whole was ordered into position on the heights. Four pieces in battery to the front and two pieces in battery to the right flank within 250 yards of the woods. Upon the approach of the enemy, who- me out of the woods in front and on the right flank, the battery opened fire, using shell and canister with good effect,repulsing three successive charges of the enemy; within twenty minutes from the time when the action commenced, the battery was ordered to retire from the hill, the infantry support having previously retired in disorder. Three pieces were taken to the rear in good order. Three pieces were left on the field, being unable to remove them on account of the horses being disabled. During the action First Lieutenant Warren K. Snow received a mortal wound while assisting to limber up a gun. He fell into the hands of the enemy. Second Lieutenant Charles B. Slack was slightly wounded in the neck. The piece that were brought off were prepared for action, but in consequence of the panic and the enemy's pressing upon the flanks were placed in the road, preparatory to marching in retreat. The roads becoming blocked with teams, from which the mules had been detached, we were compelled to abandon the piece brought from the hill as well as the caissons, baggage wagons, battery wagon, and forge.

