
April 9, the company arrived at Pleasant Hill at 2 a. m. At noon the company was ordered to march with the Cavalry Division ammunition train, acting as guard to the same. Marched at noon and all night. April 10, arrived at Grand Ecore at 4 p. m., where we are now encamped. Casualties, 2 commissioned officers wounded. 16 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, 1 enlisted man missing, 64 horse, 18 mules lost.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORMAND F. NIMS,

Captain, Commanding Battery B, Mass. Light Horse Artillery.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 84. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, of affair at Henderson's Hill.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Alexandria, La., March 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from headquarters Cavalry Division, I reported at 5 o'clock the morning of 21st instant, with the Sixteenth Indian Mounted Infantry, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry, and Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding Red River expedition, for orders, and was by him directed to report to Brigadier-General Mower. General Mower ordered me to place my command in the advance on the Bayou Rapides road, 13 miles beyond Alexandria. I met the enemy in small force, and drove them 7 miles to Henderson's Hill. The Louisiana cavalry (rebel) wee holding the hill, occupying a very strong position. Arrived in front of their position, I was ordered to report one regiment of cavalry and a section of artillery to the general to make a detour and take the enemy in rear, while with the remainder of my command I should occupy their attention and present a front which with the force thrown in rear would prevent their escape. The Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Redfield, and a section of Rawles' battery proceeded in accordance with the directions, marching 16 miles to the rear of the enemy, reaching the pickets at about 9.30 p. m. With the remainder of my command I occupied the enemy's attention until Colonel Redfield with his force had entered the rebel camp. Colonel Redfield captured,when near the enemy's camp, a courier with dispatches from General Taylor to Colonel Vincent. The dispatches were sent to General Mower. He successively captured, without firing a shot and without giving general alarm, the picket guarding the camp. A portion of the regiment advanced into the camp, while another detachment was thrown in the direction of General Taylor's army to guard against any attack upon the rear of the command from re-enforcements. A body of the enemy were met, said by prisoners to be the advance of re-enforcement,a nd driven back. A major, captain on Taylor's staff, 1 lieutenant, and

