
36 enlisted men were captured here, chiefly from the relieving force. This body of the enemy was as completely surprised as the other. Captain Doxey, with two companies of the Sixteenth Indiana, had the advance on entering the rebel camp, but infantry was soon deployed on his right, and the mounted and dismounted men advanced in line, capturing almost without resistance the astonished enemy. Four pieces of artillery were captured, two by the monte men as they were being brought into action. I do not know the number of prisoners captured, as they were immediately turned over to the infantry. I suppose 300 officers and men and 400 horses were taken. I am gratified to state that Colonel Redfield's command captured the enemy's famous scout Smith and 15 of his men. At daylight next morning I was directed to make a reconnaissance to Bowles' Ford, where we surprised and captured a picket post of a lieutenant and 6 men. Further on we captured 2 more men. On returning, was directed to move to camp 10 miles from Alexandria, guarding the rear of the infantry. Will report their names at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Captain F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 85. Report of Captain Francis H. Whittier, Thirtieth Massachusetts Infantry, Acting Assistant Quartermaster, Fourth Cavalry Brigade, of wagons lost at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Grand Ecore, April 18, 1864.

COLONEL: In reply to the communication referred to me this day by you from headquarters Cavalry Division, requiring a statement of the number of wagons lost during the engagement of the 8th instant, and further as to the orders I received in regard to the same, I would respectfully state that on the night of the 7th instant my train was parked at Wilson's farm, about 3 miles beyond Pleasant Hill. It consisted of eighty-five 6-mule army wagons (the mules in excellent condition and the wagons in good order), eight 2-horse ambulances, ad one 6-horse medicine wagon, loaded whit medical stores. At an early hour on the 8th instant it was moved forward, in rear of the train of the First Brigade, in obedience to an order received from headquarters Cavalry Division. During the forenoon of the 8th instant, about 10 or 11 o'clock, the head of the train reached a creek near Carroll's Mill, from 5 to 6 miles this side of the battle-field of Sabine Cross-Roads. Heavy skirmishing being reported and heard in front, the train of the First Brigade was halted, thereby compelling me to halt my train. My standing order from you were, when firing was heard in front to any considerable extent, to draw my train out on the side of the road when possible to do so, in order to permit troops or artillery to pass either way; and also to so arrange my train that I could easily pass it without confusion

