
On the 16th, my regiment was associated with the Second Illinois Cavalry in bringing up the rear. At 7 a. m. of the 17th, being still in rear, the enemy advance don us in large until ordered within a new line formed by other regiments of the brigade. It being reported to Colonel Davis that the enemy was in our front as well as rear, by his order I took my regiment forward to ascertain. Found the enemy's skirmishers strongly posted across the bayou. I dismounted two squadrons, under Lieuts. N. F. Bond and Hayden, with orders to drive the enemy away, which was handsomely executed. The Thirty-first bore no important part in the action of that morning, being at first posted on the extreme left, and afterward ordered to the right of the line. At 12 m. I was ordered to report with the regiment to Colonel Gooding, commanding Fifth Cavalry Brigade, and by him noon I lost 1 officer missing and 1 man taken prisoner. The former assistant surgeon, E. P. Clark, had been engaged in assisting the wounded and is supposed to have fallen into the enemy's hands. Encamped this night on the Yellow Bayou. On the 18th, my regiment was sent early in the morning to support the pickets. Four squadrons were sent tot he right, the remaining five tot he left. Two of the former, A and F, under Captain L. F. Rice, I sent to hold a row of houses immediately in front of the picket-line. At 9 a. m. the enemy charched the pickets heavily on the right, left, and center, at the same time opening briskly from across the bayou in rear of the right of the line. Our right was forced back on the support, creating a momentary confusion, but my officers and myself soon rallied the men, charged the enemy, and drove him beyond his point of attack, regaining our former position. My loss on this occasion was 3 men wounded.

The regiment held its position until 10.30 a. m., when General Mower came up with infantry and artillery to attack the enemy. A and F squadrons, under Captain Rice, advanced as Skirmishers on the bayou road to the open ground beyond the woods, where they remained until the infantry came up, when they were withdrawn to the cover of the woods. They afterward took position on the right of a battery; skirmished with the enemy until he was repulsed. When the enemy again advanced they fought them until their ammunition was exhausted, when they rejoined the regiment ont he left. The rest of the regiment, about 125 officers and men, under my command, advanced with the left of the line. When the line of battle was formed my regiment was posted on the extreme left and rear, to prevent a flank attack. I threw out a line of skirmishers, H and D squadrons, under Lieuts. N. F. Bond and W. H. Pelton, connecting on the right with the infantry line of skirmishers. The enemy soon advance din large force, and almost instantly the skirmishers of the regiment on my right a shot, went to the rear, out of my sight. This movement left my right exposed, so that the enemy got in rear of the right of my skirmishers, when Lieutenant Bond, commanding the skirmish line, ordered his men to retire slowly, firing. As the enemy came on, by direction of Captain Allen, acting assistant adjutant-general, I moved the regiment about 50 yards to the left, wheeled into line, and commenced firing. The enemy outnumbering us at least five to once. I was compelled to fall back, which I did slowly, in good order, and firing constantly until

