
I reached the opening behind the woods, where I formed on the left of a battery, which was supported by a regiment of infantry. The fire of the letter temporarily checked the advance of the enemy. I improved the opportunity to draw sabers and ordered a charge. I completely routed the enemy, killing and wounding many and capturing 28 prisoners, among them 2 captains and 1 lieutenant. the prisoners represented six different regiments of mounted infantry. I then retired to the opening before mentioned, and by order of Colonel Davis took position on the left of the second line, where I remained until about 10 p. m., when with the rest of the brigade I move across Yellow Bayou to the Atachfalaya. My loss in this engagement was 6 men killed, 1 officer and 24 men wounded, and 1 missing.

In closing this report, I have to express my warmest approbation of the conduct of all my officers and men throughout the entire march. To make comparisons would seem invidious. Every officer and man did his duty-his whole duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. FORDHAM,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. I. ALLEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 87. Reports of Colonel Oliver P. Gooding, Thirty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, commanding Fifth Cavalry Brigade, of skirmish at Campti and engagement at Monett's Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Grand Escore, La., April 12, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to order from Major-General Franklin, I marched on the 3rd instant to the village of Grand Ecore, on the Red River, with a detachment of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry, 250 strong, under Colonel Chrysler; a detachment of the Eighteenth New York Cavalry, 80 strong, under Colonel Byrne, and a detachment of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, 200 strong, under Major Davis, and reported in person to Brigadier-General Arnold, U. S. Volunteers. The same evening my command was transferred to the opposite shore of the river, and pursuant to orders from General Arnold I reported to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding detachments Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps. General Smith ordered me to proceed the next morning with my command to the village of Campti, 6 miles distant, and drive the enemy's forces from that place, but not to pass beyond the town. He at the same time notified me that there would be an infantry force ordered to take position on a bayou, 3 miles below the village, upon which I could fall back or call upon for support whenever I might find I was unable to handle the enemy with my won force. On the morning of the 4th instant I marched as ordered, placing Colonel Byrne in advance with his detachment of the Eighteenth New York Cavalry, followed by detachment of Second New York Veteran Cavalry, under Colonel Chrysler, that followed by detachment of Third Rhode Island Cavalry, under Major Davis. On reaching the village my advance was fired upon from the houses. I immediately sent Major Davis to burn the town and intercept the retreat of the enemy,

