
which movement was prevented by the fire from one of our gunboats lying just below the village. The position was favorable to the movement ordered, and but for the fire of the gun-boat would in all probability have resulted in the capture of all the enemy's forces in the village. The enemy retired from the village, and attempted to form a line on a hill just in rear of the same, but was so hard pressed by my advance that he broke and rapidly retreated across a bayou, some 500 yards distant, tearing up the bridge as he went. The Eighteenth New York Cavalry pursued them in the wood, fighting them as skirmishers, and near the bridge Captain Power was wounded and fell from his horse while gallantly leading his men. Owing to the convex form of the bridge it appeared unbroken from our side of the bayou, and I ordered the Second New York Veteran Cavalry to charge the same which was gallantly done; but finding when on the bridge about 10 feet of it on the side next the enemy torn up, they wheedled about and slowly retired under a severe fire. They were then by my order dismounted and fought on foot. I then sent Captain Bushee with one squadron Third Rhode Island Cavalry, dismounted, to turn the enemy's right flank, while I held the remainder of that regiment in reserve on the road, mounted and with sabers dawn. After a severe contest of about fifty minutes the enemy rapidly retreated through the woods.

When the fighting first commenced I sent Lieutenant Payne, of my staff, to order up the infantry, which arrived, however, too last to engage the enemy or to be of any assistance whatever to me. The commander of the infantry, although my junior in rank by six months, was not ordered to report to me, but came with written orders from his commanding general for his guidance. Leaving the infantry to take care of the road, I marched with my cavalry on a road leading north from the town, where my information led me to believe a portion of the enemy's force was posted. About 1 miles from the village my advance came upon a squad of 15 or 20 rebels, which I ordered Captain Perry, of the Third Rhose Island Cavalry, to charge with his company, which was gallantly done, resulting in the capture of 1 prisoner. I continued my march about 2 miles farther, and came upon the burning camp from which General Liddell, with a superior force of artillery and cavalry, rapidly retreated before my advance. I then returned to the village and destroyed every house from which a shot had been fired by the enemy a the beginning of the action. i then collected my dead and wounded and sent them to the transports opposite Grand Ecore, and slowly retired to my camp of the night before, opposite Grand Ecore. My loss was 4 killed and 18 wounded. Among the killed was First Lieutenant M. S. Dunn, acting adjutant Second New York Veteran Cavalry, who fell like a true soldier. From the dead found on the field, prisoners taken, and statements of citizens, white and black, on the enemy's line of retreat, I am, enabled to estimate his loss at 8 killed, among whom were 2 commissioned officers, about 19 or 20 wounded, and 3 prisoners.

I desire to express in this report my entire satisfaction at the conduct of regimental commanders and their commands. My thanks are due to members of my staff for valuable services on the occasion.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. GOODING,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

