HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, near Alexandria, La., April 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders from Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of cavalry, I marched with my brigade, accompanied by one section Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, under Lieutenant Baldwin, on the 21st instant, from Grand Ecore, La., to occupy Monett's Ferry, across Cane River. On the march I learned from citizens, white and black, that the enemy, from 5,000 to 7,000, strong with ten pieces of artillery, under Generals Bee and Major, had gone below to occupy Monett's Ferry and cut off our retreat. About 1 o'clock in the morning of the 22nd instant my advance cam upon the enemy's pickets and exchanged shots with them, mortally wounding 1 and ling 1 man killed and 1 wounded. The enemy retired toward Cloutierville, and at the same time I discovered a large body of cavalry coming down the road ont he opposite side of Cane River, and placed my command in position a the crossing to receive them. Fortunately I discovered in time to prevent accident that it was the Fourth Brigade of our cavalry division, under Colonel Davis. Leaving this brigade at the crossing, I proceeded with my command toward Cloutierville and drove in the enemy's pickets, and about 1 miles from the village discovered the enemy in position, flanking my approach both on the right and left. I then halted, placed my command in position, and ordered up the Fourth Brigade, ad after some maneuvering on both sides, each expecting the other to attack, the enemy retired beyond the town, followed by my advance, the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, which skirmished with them, driving them 5 miles beyond the town, where I encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 23rd instant I proceeded with my command, the Eighteenth New York Cavalry in advance, toward the ferry, skirmishing with the enemy all the way. The enemy retired before my advance across an open plain toward the ferry, from which he opened fire with artillery. Discovering a range of hills on the opposite side of the river which flanked the plain, I ordered all but my line of skirmishers to halt, and immediately sent an order to Lieutenant Dolan, commanding company of Second New York Veteran Cavalry, on the opposite side of the river, to reconnoiter the hills, which he did, finding the enemy in position. I then sen Captain Morey, of my staff, to report the situation to General Emory, by whose order I retired my cavalry to the rear. Later in the day the Second New York Veteran Cavalry was ordered to advance toward the right of the enemy's position in order to divert his attention from a flank attack about to be made on his left by General Birge. The artillery firing from the range of hills on the enemy's left having ceased, about 50 men of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry were ordered to cross the field in front of his position and ascertain, if possible, if it had been abandoned. They were fired upon from the woods opposite, but advanced to the river bank and remained there. Subsequently, at Colonel Chrysler's request, a battery of artillery was sent to the point of woods directly in front of the enemy's main position and Colonel Chrysler discovering considerable confusion among the enemy in consequence, his regiment was advanced under considerable fire directly across the field in front of this position. A portion of his regiment crossed the ferry and posted their colors on the enemy's abandoned position, which movements

