
were executed in a manner highly creditable to Colonel Chrysler and his regiment. Discovering that the enemy had evacuated in great haste, as soon as the regiment could be mounted the Second New York pursued them, but, unfortunately, not understanding the roads, were misled and the enemy escaped with this artillery. the Second New York was encamped for the night about 8 miles beyond the ferry; the balance of the brigade I encamped abut a half miles below the ferry. I marched on the morning of the 24th instant, covering the flanks of the train, encamping on Bayou Rapides, about 3 miles below Henderson's Hill. On the morning of the 25th, I side of Bayou Rapides through Alexandria, and encamped on General Bailey's plantation, about 5 miles below the town. During the whole march my command captured-prisoners.

Throughout the whole march my command behaved to my entire satisfaction. The eighteenth New York Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Byrne, having the advance at the time the position of the enemy's artillery was developed, dove the enemy handsomely, and to Colonel Byrne and his regiment my thanks are due. The Third Rhode Island Cavalry was ably commanded by Captain Asa A. Ellis, and did well what was required of them. To Captain Perry and Captain Morey,, of my staff, I desire to express my appreciation of their valuable services. A portion of the Third Rhose Island Cavalry, just arrived in the department and on their way from New Orleans to Alexandria, was attacked while on transports in Red River. I inclose report of Lieutenant-Colonel Parkhurst, who commanded the detachment at the time. I also inclose a detailed report* of casualties.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

O. P. GOODING,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 88. Report of Captain William Davis, Eighteenth New York Cavalry, of engagement at Sabine Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp near Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my squadron in the battle near Mansfield, on the afternoon of the 8th instant. Being temporarily attached to Brigadier-General Ransom, commanding detachment of Thirteenth Army Corps, was left by him on the road near 1 1/2 miles from the battle-field. Having nothing to do, and no one to give me any instructions, I reported to Colonel Lucas, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, who ordered me to form on the right of the Fourteenth New York Cavalry. Reported to Major Bassford, of the Fourteenth, who assigned me to the position ordered by Colonel Lucas, and remained there during the whole time they were under fire. Being left on the field when the Fourteenth retired, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

