
seeing no support near me, I also retired and formed again on the right of Colonel Dudley's brigade, and left field after they had retired. The following is a list of the casualties:*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM DAVIS,

Captain, Commanding Squadron.

Captain F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 89. Reports of Major George R. Davis, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, of skirmish at Campti and engagement at Pleasant Hill.
HDQRS. THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,In the Field, near Grand Ecore, La., April 13, 1864.

GENERAL: I herein inclose a report of the participation of this battalion in a skirmish which took place at Campti, La., on the opposite side of Red River, on the 3rd [4th] of April, 1864. I crossed Red River at Grand Ecore, in pursuance of orders, on the afternoon of the 3rd of April, 18634. Sen tone squadron down the river road 4 miles to ascertain if there was ny enemy in that direction; the squadron reported back at 9 p. m., under command of Captain Perry, that there was no enemy in that direction. i was ordered, on the morning of April 4, 1864, to march. Taking position in the center of the brigade I marched my command to the vicinity of performed, on the right and rear; and while in line of battle, advancing upon the town, I halted my command on account of the firing of the gun-boats, whose range was within 20 yards of my front. I immediately sent word to the colonel commanding concerning it. I was then ordered to move forward by the right flank across the bayou, and take position upon the hill in the rear of the town, which I immediately performed. I then formed my command in column of platoons and caused the saber to be drawn. I then moved forward in column within supporting distance of the Second New York Veteran Cavalry, which had taken position near the bridge. I dismounted 12 men and deployed them as skirmishers on the right flank, under charge of Lieutenant Tefft. I then dismounted the remainder of the First Squadron and all of the Second to fight on foot; sent them, in pursuance of orders, under charge of Captain Bushee, with orders to march to the bayou, cross it if possible, find the enemy and fight him, and dislodge them from the bridge by the right flank. The captain marched his command to the bayou and crossed on the left flank, at which time, or immediately previous, the enemy retreated from the bridge. I was then ordered to countermarch my command and move down the road leading to the church to the right. After moving down the road about half a mile the skirmishers were fired upon by the pickets of the enemy stationed at that point, when the first platoon of the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 1 man killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, and 2 men missing. Twenty horses were also lost.

---------------

