
Third Squadron was ordered to charge down the road, which was promptly performed under command of Captain Perry. The enemy immediately retreated. In this charge I had 1 man wounded and 1 horse killed, and captured 1 prisoner, mounted, who belonged to the Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry. I then moved down the road, in pursuance of orders, about 2 miles, and find ind no enemy was ordered to retire, forming the rear guard. The command was halted upon the hill near the church and pickets thrown out; was then ordered to retire toward Grand Ecore, encamping on the side of Red River opposite to Grand Ecore. Ordered to march at daylight the following morning, took up the line of march at 6 a. m., April 5, position on the right of brigade; was ordered to send forward a platoon to move rapidly to Campti. I sent forward first platoon of First Squadron, under command of Lieutenant Tefft. Finding no enemy, I marched to the rear of the town and formed line of battle on the hill, rear of the church, and picketed the road to the front and to the left as far as the bridge. In pursuance of orders I then sent forward Acting Second Lieutenant Wilson, with 12 men, to cross the bridge and move up the road 4 miles. He reported in about two hours that he had advanced 4 or 5 miles and found no enemy. Was then ordered to return; crossed Red River on the evening 5th of April; arrived in camp at 3.30 o'clock on the 6th of April.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE R. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding First Batt., Third Rhode Island Cav.

Brigadier General EDWARD C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General, State of Rhode Island.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,In the Field, near Grand Ecore, La., April 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this command in the action of April 9, 1864: I received orders from headquarters Fifth Brigade to report one squadron to Brigadier-General Smith at 5 a. m. April 9, 1864. Captain Bushee reported with the Second Squadron. I received orders to picket the road on the left and front of Pleasant Hill for 5 miles. I ordered Captain Perry with his troops (I) to perform this duty upon the left (first) road, and First Lieutenant Avery, with troop K, the second road on the left. I then marched the remainder of my command, one squadron, under command of Captain Bicknell, to the front on road leading to Texas, placing the reserve at 2 miles distant from the hill, and went forward and posted the vedettes out for 3 miles farther, capturing 2 of the enemy's mounted pickets. I was ordered, in about an hour, to slowly withdraw my pickets. They retired slowly, skirmishing as they came in. I withdrew the reserve to the left of the line of battle formed by the infantry on my right, and formed a skirmish line three-quarters of a mile in length in the front. The skirmishers having more ground to cover than they could properly protect, I re-enforced them with my whole reserve save 8 men, and sent my left. My skirmishers on the left were quite actively engaged, and having no support to give them, ordered them

