
to retire a few yards to a good front, and sent word to the colonel commanding that i must have assistance sent or retire. I was ordered to hold the position until properly relieved. The skirmishing was quiet active, and continued for one hour, when I was notified that I was soon to be relieved by the covering regiment, which was accomplished about 4 p. m., when I returned to my camp. The position was not given up, and was well held by the men engaged. Both officers and men performed their duty to my entire satisfaction. My loss was 5 wounded, 2 missing in action. The enemy were punished considerably on the left; I know of none in the front. Lieutenant Avery, who picketed the second road on the left, repulsed and routed two of the enemy's scouting parties. Captain perry, who picketed the first road on the left, has not yet reported. I understand that while returning to his regiment he was ordered to wait the pleasure of General Smith.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE R. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding.

Captain B. F. MOREY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fifth Brigade.

Numbers 90. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, of voyage from New Orleans to Alexandria.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Alexandria, La., April 23, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of our voyage from New Orleans to this place: In obedience to orders from General Reynolds, we embarked on board the steamer Superior Tuesday night, April 19, and sailed the next morning. Nothing of particular interest occurred until we reached Tunica Bend, some 30 miles below the mouth of the Red River, when we were fired upon by the rebels from the easterly bank of the Mississippi. They had a 6-pounder well supported by infantry. Three shell and shot passed through the cabin and Corporal Logue, of Company F, received a severe gunshot wound in the right arm, badly shattering the bones. This was the only casualty. At the mount of the Red River we took the convoy of a gun-boat, and when we drew up for the night had a slight picket skirmish. The next day, Friday, we started a little in advance of the gun-boat, and when we were about 30 mile below this place we were again attacked by guerrillas with two pieces of artillery, with cavalry and infantry. From the narrowness of the river we were exposed for some time to a most galling fire. My men were posted as well as the character of the vessel permitted, and we succeeded in driving the men from their guns by the well-directed fire of our carbines. The gun-boat was aground at the time some distance below us, and could therefore give us no assistance. After we had got out of range of their artillery, the boat was run upon the easterly shore, and I put my men on shore and posted them dismounted so as to prevent the rebels from getting a position where they could annoy u further, and awaited the arrival of the gun-boat.

