
When she made her appearance we embarked again, and proceed under her convoy up the river being several times fired into from the shore. We allowed no guerrilla to show his ahead upon the shore without paying him the necessary leaden compliment, and we reached here about 3 p. m. yesterday.

Where all, both officers and men, did so well, it is unnecessary to make distinctions. No men could have defended themselves with more bravery and coolness than did my entire command. I cannot omit to pay a cordial tribute of respect and admiration to Mrs. Charles H. Gordon and Mrs. Horace P. Lester for their constant and unceasing attention and kindness to the wounded and dying awe they were brought into the saloon. And to the officers and men of my command, one and all, I can only say that no officer ever had braver or more efficient and faithful officers under his command than those of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. PARKHURST,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Colonel WILLARD SAYLES,

Commanding Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 91. Report of Lieutenant Commander K. Randolph Breese, U. S. Navy, of the capture of the steamer City Belle.

U. S. STEAMER BLACK HAWK,

Mouth of Red River, May 4, 1864-p. m.

SIR: I regret to inform you that the transport City Belle was captured and destroyed by the rebels about 30 miles above Fort De Russy. She had on board an Ohio regiment and a bearer of dispatches from Washington to General Banks, all of whom, with the exception of half a dozen, were captured or killed. They made a gallant fight, I am informed, but it is a pity she should have gone without convoy. Well you please instruct the transports bound to Alexandria not to go beyond Black River without convoy, and to report to me or the senior naval officer at this place for instructions?

nFeb.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. R. BREESE,

Lieutenant-Commander, Commanding.

COMMANDING GENERAL AT NEW ORLEANS.

Numbers 92. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Army, of the capture of steamers on Red River, &amp;c.

PORT HUDSON, May 6, 1864.

I have the honor to report that the telegraph lines are down, both above and below this post. The steamer Shreveport has just arrived, returning from attempting to ascend the Red River. She has on board several detachments of colored regiments and a portion of the Fifty-sixth Ohio. Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Wade, General Banks' staff, reports batteries are located 20 to 25 miles above Fort De Russy, on

