
the right bank of the river, supported by a heavy force of infantry. The steamer Emma has been destroyed; also the City Belle, the One hundred and twentieth Ohio, 700 strong, being on board. About one-half the regiment escaped, and are on the left bank of the river, and are said to be near Alexandria. The loss on board the Emma not known. The John Warner was destroyed yesterday morning, the Fifty-sixth Ohio on board. Two hundred and fifteen are here, on board the steamer Shreveport. Two gun-boats are sid to have been destroyed. Colonel Bassett, Seventy-third Regiment U. S. Infantry (color), is killed; colonel of the Fifty-sixth Ohio left behind wounded. Communication is entirely cut off with Alexandria. Captain Breese, commanding the fleet, states he has no gun-boats that can run by the batteries. It was thought that force was about to leave Alexandria to open communication, but nothing certain known. Citizens report a force moving down to occupy Ford De Russy. Vessels are detained at the mouth of Red River by the gun-boats. Officers on board steamer Shreveport report a piece of artillery seen on the bank of Mississippi, about 15 miles above this post. Captain Riggs, Ninety-second U. S. Infantry (colored), was on board steamer City Belle, destroyed by the batteries about 20 miles above Fort De Russy; One hundred and twentieth Ohio and board. The loss of this regiment I understand to be one-third. The battery which fired on us consisted of two 20-pounder Parrotts on the right bank of the river, supported, as citizens state, by 1,000 infantry. I saw the pieces. My detachment consisted of 50 men, with another officer. The vessel was burned. Many were saved by jumping from the vessel and proceeding to the shores. Infantry fire was hot on both sides. About 5,000 rebels are reported near the batteries in reserve. Colonel Bassett, First Regiment, Corps d'Afrique; Colonel Mudd, Second Illinois Cavalry, and Colonel Speigel, One hundred and twentieth Ohio, are known to be killed. Captain M. Manring, Fifty-sixth Ohio, reports:

I left Alexandria with my regiment, 250 strong, May 4, at 9.30 a. m., on steamer John Warner. About 25 miles below Alexandria, at 5 p. m., we were fired upon from the shore by a force of infantry, estimated at about 500. We passed, when one of the gun-boats, Covington, broke her rudder. We could not repair and reach Ford De Rully that night; so we laid up till most morning, at 5 o'clock. At that hour we proceeded down the river about 2 miles, transport in the advance, when firing commenced ont he boat by infantry. The tiller got out of order and the rudder would not work. Boat stopped, when artillery opened on us both above and below. The first shot cut the steam-pipe; this at daybreak. Fire was returned by infantry on transport till about 8 a. m. Fifteenth shots of artillery went through the cabin; 4 through the pilot-house. During this 34 men were killed and wounded. Gun-boats were firing all this time. The colonel commanding ordered the regiment to leave the boat and go on shore, it having been fired twice. Colonel Raynor, commanding, was wounded and taken prisoner. I was ordered to go on board the gun-boat, which was beyond the battery. Before the regiment could be formed the gun-boat had left the shore. I saw it was impossible to gain a boat, so I marched through the woods to the river below.

I have the honor further to state that the rebels are reported to me to be in stronger force than they have been heretofore. I respectfully request that I be not long left without a steamer attached to the post.

I have the honor to be, sir your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain J. S. CROSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans.

