
Numbers 93. Reports of General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, including operations February 21-June 30.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 12 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Thirteenth Army Corps, of General Banks' command, was signally defeated 3 miles below Mansfield, La., on the afternoon of the 8th. The Nineteenth Army Corps coming to its support was repulsed with loss and in disorder. Re-enforcement by parts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps, the enemy in force made a stand at Pleasant Hill, a strong position, 20 miles below Mansfield. Our troops attacked with impetuosity on the afternoon of the 9th. Night close da most sanguinary struggle, in which the enemy were worsted and retreated under cover of darkness, leaving their wounded on the field. From the best information we can obtain, General Banks' command numbered at least 35,000, of which 28,000 were engaged at Pleasant Hill on the 9th. Our cavalry pursued to Natchitoches. General Taylor commanded on the field. The whole disposable infantry force of the department had been concentrated from Arkansas and Texas. Our whole force was under 16,000. We captured 21 pieces of artillery and over 3,000 prisoners; over 200 wagons. Our loss is severe-over 2,000 killed and wounded. General Mouton, Colonels Beard, Noble, Armant, Taylor, and Buchel among the casualties. Providence has given a signal and glorious victory. I shall immediately march to meet Steele, who is advancing with 12,000 from Little Rock.

Yours, respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 16, 1864.

SIR: I leave this morning with a portion of Major-General Taylor's command for Arkansas, for the purpose of endeavoring to meet Major-General Steele, command U. S. forces, now near Camden. In view of any contingency arising whereby the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department might devolve on another, I have issued an order appointing Major-General Taylor lieutenant-general. Of the three district commanders, Major-Generals Magruder, Price, and Taylor, the latter is the junior, and the only one of the tree I consider suited to take charge of the affairs of the department. He is also, for his past services and eminent qualifications, justly entitled to the promotion. Should the contingency arise to which I have referred the good of the country and the cause demand that he should succeed to the command. These reasons have induced me to make the appointment, which I hope, under the circumstances, will meet with the approbation and sanction of Your Excellency.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS.

President of the Confederate States.

