HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camden, May 4, 1864.

The campaign in this department opened on March 12 by the landing of the Vicksburg column at Simsport. General Banks, supported 35,000 strong. General Steele at the same time advanced from Little Rock with 12,000 effective men. Rapidly concentrating the infantry near Shreveport, while the cavalry of the District of Arkansas impeded and checked the march of Steele, our little army (15,000) was hurled upon Banks' column, defeating it in two signal victories on April 8 and 9 at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill. While Taylor, pursuing his advantages, followed Banks' regretting and demoralized army, defeating him at Cloutierville, capturing and destroying gun-boats and transports, the divisions of Walker, Churchill, and Parsons were pushed rapidly against Steele's advancing column. Taken in detail, he was signally defeated at Poison Springs, near Camden, at Marks' Mills, and finally at Jenkins' Ferry, on the Saline. A freshest which overflowed the banks of the Saline for 2 miles alone saved Steele's army from destruction.

The fruits of this brilliant campaign, inaugurated at Mansfield on the day of national fast and humiliation, are, under Providence, most glorious and satisfactory. In Louisiana, 5,000 killed and wounded, 4,000 prisoners, 21 pieces of artillery, 200 wagons, 1 gun-boat (the Eastport), and 3 transports have already been reported. In Arkansas, 1,400 killed, 2,000 wounded, 1,500 prisoners, 13 pieces of artillery, and 900 wagons are the results of the campaign. Two brigades of Steele's command, with almost his entire transportation, have been destroyed or captured.

This grand expedition, for which with formidable numbers and boastful confidence the enemy has been for months preparing, has in less than fifty days been broken and hurled back in shame and disgrace by a force not much more than one-third their numerical strength. When the distances marched, the obstacles encountered, and the enemy's superiority in numbers are considered, this army deserves well of their country. Since the opening of the campaign the troops have marched from 400 to 500 miles, made forced marches of 40 miles on short rations, and fought three general engagements. Prisoners were taken from the Ninth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, and Nineteenth Army Corps. We have to regret the loss of Generals Mouton and Green in Louisiana and Generals Scurry and Randal in Arkansas. Our less will not fall much short of 3,000 killed, wounded, and missing. The enemy's is full 14,000. I will shortly forward my report in detail.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camden, May 5, 1864.

SIR: I send my friend and assistant adjutant-general, Major Guy M. Bryan, to Richmond. He is the bearer of a dispatch announcing our successes at Poison Springs, Marks' Mills, and Jenkins' Ferry,

