
and giving the results of the recent campaign undertaken in this department. Major Bryan is an influential and leading citizen of his State, with her interests and those of the country at heart. He has more than once rendered me valuable assistance in matters requiring judgment and ability in the administration of the department. Major Bryan will bring certain subjects to Your Excellency's notice requiring prompt attention. I cannot too strongly urge the necessity for better sustaining my administration. A change in the command of those districts is demanded by the best interests of the country. General Price's name and popularity would be a strong element of success in an advance on Missouri, but as he is neither capable of organizing, disciplining, nor operating an army, he should not be left in command of the district of an army in the field. I am greatly in want of good subordinates and of capable chief of staff, and with the responsibilities and multifarious duties devolving upon me and without proper support I almost despair of success. I shall, however, struggle on earnestly and conscientiously, begging Your Excellency to bear with me and to assist me, and trusting in that Providence who orders all things for our good.

I have the honor to be, respectfully and faithfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

His Excellency President DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, June 11, 1864.

SIR: The history of the late campaign in this department will be made and forwarded as soon as the reports of the district commanders in Arkansas and Louisiana have been received. I desire, however, for the information of Your Excellency, to anticipate this report by a statement of facts bearing generally upon the campaign. Soon after my arrival in this department I became convinced that the valley of Red River was the only practicable line of operations by which the enemy could penetrate the country. This fact was well understood and appreciated by their generals.

In the latter part of August I received information that a formidable expedition was preparing under the auspices of Generals Grant and Banks. The main advance would be up Red River Valley, with subordinate columns moving from Helena and Berwick Bay. The defeat of Rosecrans at Chickamauga frustrated this plan. General Grant, with the larger portion of his command, was drawn to Tennessee. The columns from Helena and Berwick Bay moved, with what success has already been reported to the Department.

Feeling assured that the Red River expedition, so suddenly interrupted, would be renewed at some future day, I addressed myself to the task of meeting it with the slender means at my disposal. Fortifications were directed on the lower Red River. Shreveport and Camden were fortified, and works were ordered on the Sabine and the crossing of upper Red River. Depots were established on the shortest lines of communication between the Red River Valley and the troops saving in Arkansas and Texas. Those commands were directed to be held ready to move with little delay, and every preparation was made in advance for accelerating a concentration, at all

