
men of my command had enabled me to oppose and overcome the vast armies moving against me. I care not for the censure of those who allege that I have exhibited a want of capacity. You, Mr. President, have honored me with your confidence, of which I am proud. I beg if at any time I lose this that you will relieve me of the weighty responsibilities with which I am now instructed. I will always gladly serve in any other field or position to which you may see fit to assign me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. SMITH,

Medical Director General Hospitals, Trains-Miss. Dept.

PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,

Richmond, Va.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, March 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of dispatch (Numbers 2171*) from department headquarters. I concur fully in opinion that General Homes should not be weakened, both for the reason stated in the dispatch and because the enemy will certainly advance from Little Rock and Fort Smith unless some great disaster east should force him to withdraw troops from Arkansas. The brigade from General Holmes had best move down the Ouachita and report directly to General Liddell, who will be instructed to keep it as near as possible to the Arkansas line. This will enable me to draw toward the Red River or south of it the mounted force under Colonel Harrison. The views expressed in my communication of yesterday are again respectfully urged, viz, that every soldier in Southern and Western Texas, over and above the small garrisons necessary, is out of the spring campaign. I most respectfully urge these views on the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding. To insure promptness in the movement of troops from Texas and overcome the natural repugnance of the commander of that district to see his force reduced, General Magruder could be assigned to command here until the campaign is over. His experience and capacity would be eminently useful to the cause. Whatever assistance and support I can give will be cordially afforded. There has been nothing definite from the enemy since my letter of yesterday, but I am more and more disposed to think that Banks will be forced to move Mobile-ward. Should this occur I shall throw everything forward to the Mississippi, and push mounted men (if I can concentrate enough of this arm) into the La Fourch. A few feet more fall in the Mississippi will render this move safe and certain. Until I receive definite information, however, the present arrangements looking to an advance this way will be maintained.

I beg to inclose a copy of the last dispatch from General Polignac,+ who has displayed energy and capacity in his late operations. The loss of the guns is very unfortunate. They were taken to trinity by the engineer department and not by any instructions of General Polignac. Orders have been given to prefer charges against Captain Randle, whose inefficiency is complained of.

---------------

*Of March 3.

+Of March 4. See p. 157.

---------------

