HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, March 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows: From Franklin to Berwick Bay the enemy has twelve regiments of infantry (mere skeletons), six regiments of cavalry (small and badly mounted), and twenty-four guns. A brigade of cavalry was on the march down the La Fourch for the bay. This on the 8th instant, and no appearance of a move. Should Banks move by the Teche and Red River we ought to beat him, and, I hope will. Sherman has returned to VicksbuRg. I shall not believe that he will send a man this side of the Mississippi until he is actually in motion. Should he, however, attempt a raid to assist Banks, he must move from Vicksburg to Monroe or from Natchez to this point. The former would not affect me here at all, and the latter would only force me to leave Alexandria temporarily, holding the Bayous Robert and Boeuf. I am arranging everything here to be moved in case of necessity, and General Liddell reports everything [read] west of the Ouachita. There are thirteen boats at the mouth of Red River, including the six lately in the Ouachita. There are ten guns mounted at De Russy, and I fell some confidence that nothing can pass, even if the obstructions are removed. The non-arrival of the brigade from Arkansas will materially interfere with my plans for General Liddell's district, but I am satisfied that General Homes should only be weakened in the last extremity. *The movement from Little Rock and Forth Smith will probably be serious, and it will be necessary to strengthen General Holmes. This can perhaps be done to some extent from here, if Green arrives promptly and Shermand does not worry me too much. Even without Green I should hope to give a good account of Banks if the rivers will keep down.* Two twenty-fours on siege carriages will be sent to General Liddell. With these and his light batteries he can interdict the navigation of the Ouachita. These guns possess the advantage of mobility, which more than compensates for their smaller caliber. Against iron-clads neither thirty-twos nor twenty-fours are of any use. Sharpshooters in our narrow streams are better than either. If the 30-pounder Parrott sent to Shreveport from Harrisonburg can be returned to General Liddell on a siege carriage the defense of the Ouachita will be more certain than by any fixed work we can arm. If the lieutenant-general commanding still desires to place guns in position on that stream two or three heavy guns should be furnished. Either 8-inch guns or 32-pounders (rifled) are required to arrest armored boats. At present Catahoula Shoals are impassable, which is the very best defense possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, March 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy are concentrating at the bay, so as to leave no doubt of their intention to move

---------------

*Portion between asterisks inclosed as M in Smith's report of June 11.

---------------

