
up the Teche very speedily. The force is about 12,000 including two brigades of cavalry, with forty pieces of artillery. It will be well to hurry up Green as rapidly as possible and send me as many of the detailed men at Shreveport as can be spared. If any news of Green's march is received I should be pleased to know it, so that I may form some estimate when he can reach me. Difficult as it is to credit, all my information points to the certainty that Sherman will co-operate with Banks to some extent. Should he attempt to push west of the Ouachita on the Monroe line, or north of it, General Holmes is in a good position to check him by threatening his communication with Vicksburg. General Liddell can do nothing to resist a column. He can only watch their movement. If I can complete De Russy, so as to get it off my hands, it will be a great relief.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 12, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 6th and 9th instant, and to say that General Green's command is being pushed forward largely re-enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, March 13, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of the latest dispatches from General Walker, and my instructions to him, which will fully explain to you the position of affairs here. There is no late news from the Teche. Banks' army still at Franklin and between that point and the bay by last accounts, and preparing for an early move. Mouton's brigade is encamped at Lecompte, but has been ordered forward this morning to Yellow Bayou by the way of Evergreen. Polignac's brigade will reach here to-day, and will be moved in position to re-enforce General Walker if necessary. In view of the possible necessity for removing the Government property from this point I shall detain such steam-boats as are now here which will cut off my supply of corn unless relieved from some other resource, as my army is now subsisted entirely from the upper Red River Valley. I therefore respectfully ask that some of the largest boats able to navigate the river be ordered to load at once with corn and sent down to me.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

