
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S DIVISION, At Long Brigade, near Mansura, March 13, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major General R. TAYLOR:

Scurry's and Hawes' brigades are at this place, Randal's 4 miles from here on the Bayou du Lac road. I have withdrawn everything from Marksville. My trains are near Bayou du Lac bridge. General Scurry informs me that the enemy's force, judging from the number of transports (twenty-seven), is about 18,000. They have perhaps a regiment or two of cavalry, and drove in General Scurry's pickets about an hour and a half ago beyond Moreauville. their advance has not yet reached that point. The bridge across Bayou De Galize has been destroyed; also at Yellow Bayou; and I am now having the Long Bridge torn up but not burned, as my object is to delay the enemy, and to destroy it wholly would not in the present low stage of the water delay them many hours. I fell most solicitous for the fate of Fort De Russy, as it must fall as soon almost as invest by the force now marching against it. It is very doubtful if the enemy have sen any number of troops up Red River, but there are several gun-boats trying to make their way up, and have passed the mouth of Black River. I shall endeavor to hold the enemy in check here, but it will be unsafe to linger here should Fort De Russy be reduced, which would enable the enemy to throw his whole force up Red River as high as Alexandria, and in that case we would be thrown back upon the desert toward the Sabine. I should be glad to have your views upon the situation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 13, 1864-6 a. m.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has received your four communications of yesterday's date, one of them written at 5.30 p. m., inclosing dispatches, and another of them written at 7 p. m. If the force of the enemy landing at Simsport is such as to admit of your fighting him with the least those of success, the sooner you attack him the better. He should be attacked, if possible, before his landing is completed. Should he be in such largely superior force, however, as to compel you to fall back, you will not fall back on the island toward Marksville,b ut by the De Glaize road in the direction of Evergreen. Mouton's brigade, commanded by Colonel Gray, is at Lecompte, and will be ordered this morning to form a junction with you by way of the Huffpower. General Polignac arrived here last night. His brigade will probably be here to-day. It will be ordered to your support as soon as possible. In falling back by the De Glaize road, should you be compelled to do so, you would be covering Fort De Russy to some extent, as it is not likely the enemy would march immediately in toward the fort, leaving you on his flank. Every hour that the enemy is held in check by your presence in his front or on his flank must be improved the get everything

