
in complete readiness at Fort De Russy. Mean time you can order to this place from there, and about your camp at MArskville, everything that should be sent off. It is possible that the force of the enemy that has appeared at Simsport may be part of Banks' command and not Sherman's. The major-general commanding will be with you as soon as he can get things in trim here. You will continue, however, to advise him frequently at these headquarters of the movements of the enemy and your own.

By command of Major-General Taylor:

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, March 13, 1864.

General WALKER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: No news of an advance on the Teche. Gray's brigade will be ordered to Evergreen, where you can direct it to join you if you wish. Polignac's brigade will be here to-night. It will be pushed on to join Gray or sent down by boat to unite with you via Marksville, as you may advise me to-day or the news from below may indicate. Close, sharp, quick fighting is our game where there is any reasonable chance of success. The enemy have not transportation enough to move more than 6,000 men at a time, and 4,000 of your men can whip any such force. Any severe check to the head of their column would probably break up this expedition. The work on the fort can be prosecuted to the last moment and the negroes, &amp;c., brought off by boat. Scurry's pickets east of the Atchafalaya have doubtless been notified and can make their way over by crossing below. We must risk a great deal to prevent the loss of our material at De Russy. I about if the enemy under any circumstances will take time to invest the place. I the garrison can resist a coup it will prevent the passage of the river by boats. Make the best arrangements you can in accordance with these views. I must remain here until further developments and prepare for any contingency. Should it appear that the force at Simsport comes from below the number will not exceed 5,000,, if so many. I retreat, the loss of our material at De Russy and the occupation of Alexandria by the Federals would be a great disaster, and, therefore, we must take more than ordinary hazards in fighting.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Numbers 2275.] HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., March 13, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I inclose you copy o a telegram sent General Magruder yesterday. I doubt whether this will strengthen Green's division by more than three regiments. Brown's and Debray's regiments are

