
specified by name in a previous telegram, and are ordered to report to General Green. They each number 500 or 600 effective men, and probably the two best cavalry regiment sin the District of Texas. By the disbandment of the State forces General Magruder's command in the Eastern Sub-District has been reduced to something under 6,000 effective men. The re-enforcements that may be expected from Texas will not be large. My information from Arkansas is that the enemy are evacuating Fort Smith, concentrating at Little Rock, and preparing for a speedy advance. Orders have been issued for our little force in the Indiana Territory to concentrate near Laynesport, where they will be ins supporting distance of the Arkansas command when the enemy develops his movements. I have just had an interview with Mr. Martin Grodon. If his estimates are right such an overwhelming force will be thrown in the department that we may expect being forced back into the interior till our columns come with supporting distance. Your attention is called to the establishing of a depot of supplies at Natchitoches. I still think that the enemy cannot be so infatuated as to occupy a large force in this department when every man should be employed east of the river, where the result of the campaign this summer must be decisive of our future for weal or woe. If I am right in my premises the only field for great results in this department is the District of Arkansas, and a concentration must be made there this umber for the recovery of the Arkansas Valley. General Price has relieved General Holmes in the District of Arkansas.

By a gentleman just from Vicksburg, and whose statement is entitled to great credit, I learn that Sherman's corps had arrived at Vicksburg and gone up the Mississippi in transports. The people about Vicksburg state that their destination is Little Rock, whither Sherman goes to re-enforce Steele.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure. Numbers 2274.] SHREVEPORT, LA., March 12, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Houston, Tex.:

Lieutenant-General Smith directs that your order immediately all the force at your command in the Eastern Sub-District of Texas to Louisiana, reducing the garrisons to the minimum. The cavalry will be pushed [forward] to report to General Taylor, at Alexandria, the infantry ordered to Shreveport. It is left optional with you to accompany the command. These orders must be carried out without delay. Urge the Governor to put his State troops in the field immediately. The column moving on Alexandria must keep General Taylor notified of its movements by means of couriers; the infantry marching to Shreveport the same to department headquarters, by the telegraph and courier lines already established. Push forward all the powder disposable to this point. Teams must be impressed if necessary. Heavy columns of the enemy are about moving from Little Rock, the Mississippi River, and Brashear City.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

