HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 14, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 12th instant has been received at department headquarters. A copy of it has been sent to General Price's force is less than 5,000 infantry, with about the same amount of cavalry. This includes his State troops. After a careful consideration of the objects of the enemy's operations the lieutenant-general commanding feels convinced that, in addition to the occupation of Monroe, Harrisonburg, Alexandria, and Washington, which would give them undisturbed navigation of the Mississippi, the securing of cotton is with them a great object. From the best information he can get the supposes there are about 150,000 bales of cotton in Louisiana. He therefore directs that so soon as you fell satisfied that the enemy will move in force you have all the cotton east of the Ouachita, and also all south of Alexandria, burned, with the exception of such as has been exempted in orders, of which you have copies, and also such as you may deem indispensably necessary for the subsistence of the loyal people living in those sections. He thinks it will be but just an humane tot o this leaving a small amount-say from 5 to 20 bales,a s circumstances may require-to support such families as may have no other resources upon which to live, and who have to remain within the enemy's lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Lecompte, March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My previous communications, inclosing copies of dispatch received by me from Major-General Walker, have given you all the information relative to the movements of the enemy which was in my possession prior to this afternoon, when I met General Walker. The only feasible time and place for attacking the enemy was while his land force was marching from Simsport along the Bayou De Glaize, removed from the support of his gun-boats and the force which was sen ton transports up Red River. As the country was somewhat favorable I had directed General Walker to delay the enemy until I could take down Mouton's division, but the greatly superior strength of the enemy prevented him from attacking or even attempting to delay him in his raid advance, and thus further operations in that section became impracticable. Several gun-boats reached Alexandria at about 4.30 p. m. to-day. All the stores and Government property have been removed, principally on steamers, and the trains are now en route to Natchitoches. The necessity for taking the troops to some point on or near the river where forage and subsistence can be had, and where the river can be used for this transportation and for transporting other troops which may be sent as re-enforcements, renders Natchitoches the available and desirable point for these purposes. The forces of the enemy which advanced

