
from Simsport are of the command of General Sherman. As soon as I had information of the return of Sherman from Meridian to Vicksburg and his visit to New Orleans I instructed General Polignac to proceed to Alexandria from the Ouachita River, but as two of his regiments had been sent from Harrisonburg to Trinity some delay necessarily arose,a nd the brigade reached Alexandria last night and came to this point this morning. I have just received a dispatch* from Colonel Vincent,a copy of which is herewith forwarded, by which it will be seen that the enemy is advancing from the Teche. I have ordered Colonel Vincent to fall back by the Opelousas and Natchitoches road to the latter place. Fort De Russy was captured yesterday evening, but I have no details relative to the affair. Major Doublas, chief of engineers on the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding, left the fort a few hours before its investment and reported to me that result of his observations and labors at that place, and has doubtless communicated you the same.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 16, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: By direction of the lieutenant-general commanding I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 13th and 14th instant, inclosing communications from Major-General Walker in relation to the enemy's movements, and giving information of the disposition of your command. I inclose dispatch received last night from General Magruder:

Three regiments of Green's brigade have left Hempstead-one on the 13th, one on the 14th, one to-day. Major's brigade and remainder of Green's will move from Hempstead by to-morrow. Two regiments of Major's brigade now at Galveston will be at Hempstead day of to-morrow. Debray's regiment (seven companies) moves to-morrow via Liberty. Terrell's will move on Friday via Navasota. All the troops being hurried forward as possible.

J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

The commanding general directs me to say that this delay is unaccountable and the route taken most unaccountable. Everything will be done to push this command forward and General Magruder called upon for an explanation for not obeying the orders sent him promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 18, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you a dispatch+ just received from General Price, from which I infer that you have to deal

---------------

*Of March 14. See Part II, p. 1040.

+Not found.

---------------

