
with Banks alone, and that Sherman's force, having failed int heir movements against Mobile, have gone to re-enforce the army in Tennessee. I have ordered the whole infantry force of General Price's command to this point, amounting to some 4,000 or 5,000. They should be here the 27th instant. Will you be able to hold a point of the river a high as Natchitoches? If so, advise me by return courier, and send all the boats up and I will send down the troops to Natchitoches. With these and the four brigades of cavalry from Texas we must dispose of Banks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, March 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I had the honor on the 15th instant of addressing you on the subject of the fall of Fort De Russy and the consequent occupation of Alexandria by the enemy. I have directed Major-General Walker to forward me a full report of his movements from the time of the enemy's landing at Simsport to the date at which I joined him on the Bayou Boeuf, embracing all the particulars he can furnish relative to the loss of the fort. A copy of this will be forwarded to you as soon as possible.

In view of the presence of the enemy at Alexandria and the advance of Banks' forces from below, coupled with my inability for the want of cavalry to learn what disposition was being made of the Alexandria forces, I deemed it prudent to march my army to a point from which I could always have my line of retreat open to Natchitoches or advance upon Alexandria, as circumstances might require. I am, now encamped on the old Opelousas and Fort Jesup military road, at a point (Carroll Jones') 46 miles from Natchitoches and 12 from Cotile, where I shall remain until further developments. Having so little cavalry my information in regard to the enemy is very scant. He has a considerable force of infantry at Alexandria, ten gun-boats and over twenty transports. No boat has as yet passed over the falls. One light-draught gun-boat made the effort, but failed. The river has been falling for several days. Colonel Vincent arrived with is regiment last night. I have ordered him to-day to scout down as near Alexandria as possible on the Bayou Rapides road, and hope to have definite information from him to-night. I am to-day drawing supplies of corn and corn-mean from the country around Alexandria, on the Bayou Rapides, and Cotile. Thus far the enemy has sent no force outside of town. He waits, I presume, for a junction with Banks' troops before he develops his plans. The cavalry force moving up from below is reported to be large, accompanied by a very large train. I have sent my trains and the heads of the various departments to Natchitoches, and directed the official business of the district to go on as usual. Captain Gray, of the courier-line, was to have remained at Cotile after the occupation of Alexandria, but mistaking his orders has gone farther back. The communication with department headquarters will be re-established and complete, however, in a day or two. Notwithstanding the rapidity

32 R R-VOL XXXVI, PT I

