
with which the enemy advanced, landing at Simsport on the evening of the 12th, capturing Fort De Russy on the 14th, and being at Alexandria with their gun-boats on the 15th, all Government property of every description was saved. All planters who desired to move have likewise saved everything. I am of opinion that Banks' infantry, if sent up, will be transported by the river. Should they march, however, by the Bayou Boeuf road I will, if there is a chance of success, attack them prevent the junction.

MARCH 19.

The above has been holdover for the purpose of giving the latest intelligence. Having heretofore ben completely in the dark throughout all this movement, owing to its extreme and unexpected rapidity, I have at length succeeded on organizing a system of information. At the time I joined General Walker he was unable to give me any of a definite character. Colonel Vincent is now in position on the roads leading from Alexandria, and his report corroborates the statements of a prisoner brought in last night, which are to this effect: The enemy's force consists of the division, as follows: Three brigades of the Sixteenth Army Corps and one brigade of the Seventeenth Corps, the whole under the command of Major General A. J. Smith, and numbering at the most 10,000 men. This force marched from Simsport on Monday, the 14th, reached the Marksville Prairie road, diverging to Fort De Russy on the same evening, and sen out two regiments, which assaulted and carried the for after an hour's fighting. Three brigades were then sen up to Alexandria on transports and one remained at the fort. There are only a few mounted marines; no cavalry. My scouts were opposite Alexandria last evening. There were several gun-boats and a number of transports; took dark to distinguish how many. Eight feet water is reported to be on the falls and the river rising slowly. No boats have as yet attempted to pass. The advance of the enemy's cavalry force from below reached Ville Platte on the evening of the 17th. I expect full reports of the composition of this force to-day. Captain Stewart's company, steamboat men, has been ordered to report to your without delay, as per instructions from you headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, March 19, 1864-12 p. m.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 18th instant have just been received. I regret that, having no key, I have been unable to decipher the dispatches of General Magruder. My present position is at McNutt's Hill, about 15 miles above Alexandria, on the Bayou Rapides road, and I consider 10,000 an overestimate of the enemy's force in Alexandria. It is probably about 7,000. I am greatly in need of cavalry, having nothing of that arm except the Second Louisiana, which is jaded by constant service and long marches. With the re-enforcements of which you advise me in your communication of the 18th instant I shall cheerfully undertake to dispose of Banks'

