HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, March 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

GENERAL: I am informed that Banks' cavalry by land and his infantry by the river have reached Alexandria. The cavalry I estimate to be from 3,000 to 5,000. It is to be presumed, therefore, that an advance up the Red River Valley may be immediately anticipated, and the preponderance of cavalry on the part of the enemy will enable him to mask the dispositions of his infantry to a great degree. Should any of his transports pass above the falls it may be necessary for me to march directly to Shreveport to secure a junction with General Prices' forces. I am still without a key to General Magruder's cipher, and consequently cannot decide upon movements with a view to a junction with General Green. The force from Vicksburg at Alexandria is under the command of Major-General Mower, and was, I am sure, overestimated by our forces on the Bayou De Galize. I doubt if it exceeds 6,000; and the primitive cause of our disasters was the inability of our troops to compel the enemy to develop his strength before uncovering the road to Fort De Russy. The forces of General Banks (who personally arrived at Alexandria last night) materially increased the enemy's strength. Officers of the enemy publicly announce in Alexandria that it is their intention to march directly on Shreveport, and thence, having formed a junction with General Steele, to Marshall and Tyler, Tex., for the purpose of destroying depots and stores. I would suggest, therefore, that the approaches to Shreveport be guarded, unless you are apprised that General Green can join me at some point farther down the river. Natchitoches is an unfavorable position, and cannot, I think, be held by me against the combined forces of the enemy without re-enforcements. My fighting me are about LLZLR [7,000]. The total want of cavalry deprived General Walker of all adequate means of information of the enemy's force on the Bayou De Galize. The three companies he had beyond the Atchafalaya were, of course, cut off by the enemy's sudden debarkation at Simsport, and did not rejoin him until after he had reached Bayou Boeuf. Captain Cassidy, commanding one of the companies of steam-bat men, and posted opposite Alexandria, reports 8 feet of water on the falls and the river rising.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 21, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 18th and 19th instant, giving information of your own and the enemy's movements. Price's division left its camp 95 miles from this point on the 20th. General Price reports the enemy preparing to advance from Pine Bluff. The lieutenant-general commanding thinks if they do so it will be by way of Monticello, Bastrop, and Monroe, so as to cooperate with any force which might operate from the lower Oua-

