
chita, and to traverse a country which can furnish supplies. Suggestions have been sent Captain A. H. May, assistant adjutant-general, to bring up to Natchitoches a siege gun which was at Plaisance. The lieutenant-general commanding has been informed that three field guns were left on the bank of the river at the upper falls, near Alexandria, and fell into the enemy's hands. He directs that you ascertain whether this is true, and if so, call upon the ordnance officer at Alexandria for the reason why these guns were not removed, as they are reported to have been near the water's edge and could easily have been taken on board one of the several boats which left on the approach of the enemy. The Richmond key-word (in department cipher) is; Hbv Kis'omaq bvoqye [Our destiny is one]. The lieutenant-general commanding directs that if there are any siege or seat-coast guns below which are not to be mounted immediately they be sent to Shreveport.

Very respectfully,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Carroll Jones', March 22, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my little cavalry force, consisting only of one regiment (the Second Louisiana Cavalry), met with a very serious disaster last night. About 9 o'clock its position near Cotile was surrounded, the regiment surprised, and a greater portion of it captured. Colonel Vincent made his escape, but I fear the other field officers were captured. Prisoners brought in this morning report that the enemy's cavalry in very large force forded the bayou to the right of Colonel Vincent's position during the afternoon at a point and advanced by a road unknown to my best scouts. I am satisfied that they were guided by jayhawkers. This disaster leaves me with little or no means of obtaining information in front of a very large force of the enemy's cavalry. I am therefore compelled to fall back behind the Kisatchie and wait until I can effect a junction with General Green, to whom I have sent a courier via the Burr's Ferry road to hasten his movements and notify him of my whereabouts. When communications ceased to arrive from Colonel Vincent last night, suspecting some unusual occurrence, I sent down a staff officer (Captain Elgee), of whom I have not since heard and much fear he was captured. This regiment was only a few miles in advance of the infantry and every precaution that suggested itself to my mind had been taken. No blame whatever can attach to the officers and men f this regiment, for I never saw a better. A battery of four guns was captured with the regiment. In order to obtain information from the river I considered the position occupied by Colonel Vincent as of the last importance, and warranted me in incurring more than ordinary risk. To obtain information of the enemy's moving on the river I have now to depend on arrangements previously made at Natchitoches. From that point Captain May, acting assistant adjutant-general, will report what occurs on the river to department headquarters.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

