HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Natchitoches, March 22, 1864-3 p.m.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Shreveport:

COLONEL: I have the honor to hand herewith inclosed copy of a communication of Major E. Surget, assistant adjutant-general to me, dated 21st instant, 9 p.m., which is forwarded for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding. The instructions with regard to picketing the country below contained in said communication have already been given to Colonel Louis Bush, commanding Fourth [Seventh] Louisiana Regiment Cavalry. The major-general commanding having directed that the 30-pounder Parrott and 24-pounder should not be planted at the mouth of Cane River below Grand Ecore, I had them placed early yesterday morning on the steamer Beauregard (the most available boat), to be sent to Shreveport. The lieutenant-general commanding's letter (or, rather, Lieutenant Cunningham's letter, Numbers 2354) to the major-general commanding reached here an hour ago, directing that any siege guns below not to be mounted immediately should be sent to Shreveport. The Anna Perret (a boat that I sent up the river for wood) should have been at Grand Ecore this morning. I have directed Major Robertson in charge of the Beauregard, that it the Anna Perret is at the landing at Grand Ecore and the two guns can be transferred to her in an hour or so, so that the Anna Perret can go on to Shreveport this evening, that they must be transferred to her. If the Anna Perret is not at the landing Major Robertson is directed to proceed at once with the Beauregard to Shreveport to deliver the guns. As the Beauregard has ammunition on board, I had previously ordered her up to Blair's, a point on Red River opposite Pleasant Hill, to wait for orders, unless advised of the approach of the enemy, in which event she was to leave for Shreveport without orders. The Pauline, with commissary stores, the Beauregard, and Texas were the only boats at Grand Ecore early this morning. The Texas arrived about 2 o'clock this morning with Captain Jones of the signal corps, and Captain McCloskey ion board, and would have been off down the river by sunrise, perhaps, but for some derangement to her machinery which I understand delayed her at Grand Ecore. She had not left at 11 o'clock this morning, but was expected to get off during the day. Before getting on the Texas Captain McCloskey started the falls artillery up to the Cut-off. By last courier from department headquarters I send Major Douglas' communication of 20th instant (8 p.m.), advising the 32-pounder gun at Plaisance be sent for at once. In view of the force of the enemy's cavalry and artillery in front of James' Store, referred to in Major Surget's communication of 21st instant, and Captain Jones' intended operations on the river below Grand Ecore, and from the further fact that there is no available boat at Grand Ecore, unless it be the Texas, I have referred Major Douglas' letter with regard to the gun to Captain McCloskey, and left it with him to send for the gun if in his discretion it is practicable to do so. He will do all he can. I have advised Captain McCloskey of the position of affairs about James' Store-at least, I sent Major Douglas' letter to Grand Ecore for him as soon as I read it, and had but a few moments before sent to him the substance of Major Surget's communication of 21st instant, so far as it referred to him and the movements of the enemy. My impression is that my

