
better men for this duty all on Colonel Bush to furnish them, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bringier would, perhaps, be the best officer to put in charge. Attend to this immediately. The picketing on the river below Natchitoches by Colonel Bush's regiment will, of course, go on as previously directed. Inform Captain McCloskey that it is useless now to think of placing the torpedoes below Cotile, or even as low down as that point. He must select the most favorable locality his judgment suggests. Let him have everything prepared for obstructing the river by sinking the Falls City, but sink her as low down the river as possible to form a barrier to the passage of boats. Your line of pickets on Cane River will communicate with these headquarters by lateral roads leading from Walmsley's and other points. Write General Liddell to this effect. If he learns of a movement of the enemy up Red River he will leave a small body of troops to operate on Re River above the mouth of Black, to annoy the enemy's boats as much as possible, and throw the bulk of his force in direction of Campti, or higher up still as circumstances and the movements of the enemy may render necessary, in order to be within striking distance of these headquarters. As it may not be possible for the major-general commanding to communicate with the line of pickets and scouts on Cane River, the commanding officer must act on his own judgment, always advising these headquarters, however, whenever he makes a change. Keep everything in readiness to start up the river at a moment's notice, if necessary.

Our cavalry (the Second Louisiana) yesterday had some skirmishing with a superior force of the enemy, but drove him back. To-day their advance was of a more serious character, coming up with a large cavalry force, infantry,and artillery. He was checked, however, and our outposts remain the same at James' Store, the enemy being immediately in front. In the event of a positive advance of the enemy it will not be possible to hold this position, as with his vast superiority in mounted force (some 5,000 or 6,000) he can harass us at every point. We have as yet but Colonel Vincent's regiment, which is in a jaded and worn-out condition. The major-general commanding has heard nothing from General Green up to this time. If the intelligence from the front indicates an advance of the enemy in full force to-morrow, as Banks' entire command probably reached Alexandria to-day, we will fall back by the Fort Jesup road as being the most direct practicable route to Shreveport. Communicate the contents of this letter to department headquarters, that the lieutenant-general may be advised of the situation here.

Very respectfully,

E. SURGET

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Natchitoches, March 23, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to hand with this a communication of this date from the major-general commanding to Brigadier General W. R. Boggs. Nothing new to report with regard to the enemy's movements below. A lieutenant of the Second Louisiana Cavalry (Lieu-

