
tenant Ezell), who made his escape on the night of 21st instant when the regiment was surrounded brought off a Yankee prisoner with him, who stated that three small gun-boats had got above the falls, but did not give the date when they passed above the falls. I give the information for what it is worth; do not think it amounts to much. I have reliable officers about Monett's Ferry to give information promptly of any important movements of the enemy. A force has been sent down to picket the country between Monett's Ferry and Cotile, and Red River and Can River on both sides from the mouth of Cane River up. All quiet yesterday along General Liddell's lines. His headquarters at Columbia, and communication with him by courier-line perfect. Captains McCloskey and Jones went up on the Texas this morning at 4 o'clock, leaving Acting Master Larmour, of the Missouri, with 10 men and the detachment of the signal corps at Grand Ecore. Six torpedoes were placed in the river to-day, 3 miles below the ferry at Grand Ecore. It was thought impracticable to send a boat for the 32-pounder gun at Plaisance in view of the enemy's presence about Cotile. Indeed, there was no boat available to send after Major Douglas' communication to me with regard to it was sent and as it turns out now the major-general commanding had already sent to Plaissance and had the gun buried.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA.

Near Beasley's, Kisatchie River, March 23, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of dispatches from department headquarters of the 21st instant. I am now encamped between the two branches of the Kisatchie River, 28

miles from Natchitoches, 12 miles from Cane River by a road which crosses it above Cloutierville, and 4 miles from the junction of the Fort Jesup and Mount Pleasant road. Without cavalry this is the most favorable position for my infantry to await the arrival of General Green, to whom I have sent couriers both by the Burr's Ferry and Sabinetown roads, and through them except to get some information by to-night. From General Green I have heard nothing up to this time. I have directed him to march by the Many and Fort Jesup road to join me. My want of cavalry is lamentable,and my only means of gaining information is by flying scouts on the enemy's flanks, whose reports come in but slowly, as they cannot come to me by the direct roads. *[As soon as Green joins me I shall assume the offensive, and hope to be able to do so without the assistance of General Price, as I do not doubt the intention of the enemy to move forward from Arkansas.] My forage and subsistence must be drawn from the valleys of Cane and Old Rivers, from which latter I am 7 miles distant. With the assistance of batteries posted on the hills this side of Cane River I may be able to check any movement of the enemy by that road. I have no reports of a reliable

---------------

*Portion between brackets inclosed as N in Smith's report of June 11, 1864.

---------------

