
character from Red River, and am unable to say what the enemy are doing in that direction. It was for the purpose of keeping open my communications with the river that I was so desirous of holding the hill at James' Stores, and was willing to run even considerable risk in doing so, although I did not deem it prudent to throw forward my infantry, which, with my greatly inferior force of cavalry, might have involved me in an engagement for which I was not prepared. The disaster to the Second Louisiana Cavalry, as already reported, although very great in our present weak-handed condition, was not as bad as at first reported, as many were able to escape under cover of the darkness. The night was very dark and stormy, the rain and hail falling in torrents. Through the treachery of citizens the enemy were enabled to surround the pickets and thus throw themselves into the midst of Colonel Vincent's camp before he was aware of their presence. The result of my investigations on this matter is that no blame can attach to this officer. My want for artillery horses is very great. I want at least 100, and respectfully, ask that some intelligent officer be sent through the country between Shreveport and Natchitoches to make impressments. Many families are leaving for Texas, from whom animals could be obtained, as they are no longer needed for purposes of cultivation. The three field pieces alluded to in your letter (2354) were left on the river bank above Alexandria; learning which, on the second day after the enemy's arrival, Major Brent went down for the purpose of removing or destroying them, but found they had been removed by the enemy. The ordnance officer at Alexandria has been required to report on this matter. Apparently it was through his negligence that this unnecessary loss occurred. As already advised, two siege guns have been shipped to you from Natchitoches. The 32-pounder which was at Plaisance, and which Major Douglas agreed to remove if he could find the means, I had buried as it was not possible to get it away with the means at my command, the boats having all gone above, and the transportation by land being too slow to escape the enemy's cavalry. General Liddell has received instructions covering all contingencies in the event of an advance of the enemy from Arkansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- If the pontoon train preparing at Shreveport is ready, I respectfully ask that it be sent down to me by the Mount Pleasant road, as it can be of great service.

R. T.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, near Beasley's, March 24, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Since my last I have no new movement of the enemy to communicate save the withdrawal of his forces from the Bayou Rapides toward Alexandria, for the purpose, I presume, of concentrating on the Bayous Robert and Boeuf to meet Franklin's infantry

