
coming up from Opelousas, and which, from the best information I can gather, in all probability encamped last night at Lecompte. As before stated, my cavalry force is so small that I can only get information at long intervals, and when it is too late to benefit me. Nothing has been heard up to this hour (12 m.) of Green's forces. As soon as he joins me I shall move in the direction of Alexandria unless I find that the enemy's force is too large for me to engage him with a prospect of success. I shall want all the commissary supplies that can be accumulated, and therefore respectfully urge that they be sent down to me as fast as possible to Grand Ecore, or such other points as it will be safe for boats to venture to. I am picketing the river for 60 miles below Grand Ecore, and can always give timely notice of the approach of the enemy. I beg to call attention to the accompanying application for the appointment of Mr. Hunter as an officer of my staff, and respectfully ask that the lieutenant-general commanding will take such immediate action thereon as is compatible with the extent of his authority.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - My opinion is that the enemy's force when united will not exceed 24,000. It is possible also that the force from Sherman's army, some 6,000 to 8,000 strong, may be withdrawn when Banks' whole army arrives.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, March 24, 1864

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In anticipation of the arrival of General Green's forces I would respectfully request that as large supplies as possible of forage be sent down to Grand Ecore, or such other point on Red River as my pickets may designate as safe. My means of land transportation being limited, it will be impossible for me to supply from the interior so large a number of animals. I received to-day a dispatch from Brigadier-General Major, commanding Green's division, dated Hempstead, 17th instant, advising the advance of his troops. The courier who brings, it and who appears a reliable man, does not consider the command will cross the Sabine before the 26th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Natchitoches, March 24, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: I have the honor to hand, herewith inclosed, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding copy of letter dated 23rd instant from General Liddell to me. I also hand for his

