
information the substance of information obtained by me from Captain George Sweney, who arrived here to-day from Alexandria, which place he left on 21st instant at 2 p.m. Captain Sweney's statement that there was not a large force of cavalry about there at the time, reconcilable upon the supposition that Banks' cavalry from below was nth about the town, but out on Bayou Boeuf. Nothing up to this time to-day from Colonel Bush's scouts or officers in the direction of Monett's Ferry. The river at Grand Ecore has risen about 1 foot during the past fur days, and is rising now at the rate of 2 inches in twenty hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Since the foregoing was written I have received a dispatch* from, or written by direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Bringier, of which you have copy with this.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF NORTH LOUISIANA,Columbia, March 23, 1864

Captain A. H. MAY

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Natchitoches:

CAPTAIN: I have been directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to burn all the cotton without delay east of the Ouachita which has not been disposed of by the Government. He informs me that the position of the major-general commanding is such as to render it difficult for me to communicate with him, and further directs that I put myself in communication with General Price. Immediately on receipt of these instructions I issued the necessary orders for the burning of the cotton as directed, feeling well satisfied,too, in my own mind that this part of country is threatened, and the danger of the cotton falling into enemy's hands is becoming imminent, requiring me to take action without further delay. Colonel Capers commanding at Harrisonburg, dispatches me, under date of the 22nd, instant, that-

A man who left Natchez on Monday last (the 21st instant) reports a large cavalry force crossing at Vidalia, bringing their pontoon bridges with them. The object is said to be to go across the country to Alexandria.

As soon as the cotton is burned and I can collect the scattered forced of my command I design moving all transportation to the rear and moving my command to the assistance of the major-general commanding toward Red River, unless otherwise ordered by department or district headquarters or by General Price.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Natchitoches, March 24, 1864

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Captain George Sweney, a steam-boat man, well known in Shreveport, left Alexandria on the 21st instant at 2 o'clock. As

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

