
as his infantry and cavalry have by this time united. As I have previously stated, I shall assume the offensive as soon as Green joins me, and again beg leave to urge the prompt forwarding of supplies of all descriptions. In the exhausted state of the country this will be my great want.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, March 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy have advanced from Alexandria, coming up Bayou Rapides as far as Monett's Ferry last evening. As it is not possible for General Green to join me in force for several days, I fear I will be compelled to fall back to Fort Jesup and Pleasant Hill, which will be a great calamity, since it is much more difficult to assume the offensive from either of the above points than from my present position I had hoped to hear something in regard to General Price's advance from your communication of the 26th instant, but presume the lieutenant-general commanding did not consider it safe to dispatch these troops by water to Grand Ecore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Dr. Scruggs', March 28, 1864-8.50 o'clock.

Captain A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Natchitoches:

CAPTAIN: The enemy made their appearance last evening at Monett's Ferry, but there is no sign of them this morning. I have sent scouting parties to the front. I have to request that you will be pleased to order back to these headquarters all men and officers of my command, many of whom are straggling in Natchitoches. Under directions from major-general commanding will keep you informed of any important movement of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

W. G. VINCENT

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Natchitoches-5.30 p.m.

Respectfully referred to Colonel S. S. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general commanding. If there are any men of Colonel Vincent's command straggling about this place I have not been to see them, nor has the commander of the post.

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

