HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,In the Field, March 28, 1864.

Captain A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Vincent's latest dispatches advise the enemy's advance at Monett's Ferry. Make your arrangements accordingly in regard to Government property. If the Arkansas troops have started down send up and stop them at Blair's Landing. The advance regiment of Green's division has been ordered across by the Fort Jesup road to report to you and join the cavalry of Colonel Vincent, wherever it may be. Keep sending supplies to the last

moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

You will warn Major McPhaill, commanding Green's advance, in case the enemy's movement will not admit of his going to Natchitoches.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Natchitoches, March 28, 1864-5 p.m.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I had the honor at 2 p.m. to-day to forward you official copy of a communication I had just read from Major E. Surget, assistant adjutant-general, giving information that Colonel Vincent's latest dispatches advised the enemy's advance at Monett's Ferry. Since then I have received a dispatch direct from Colonel Vincent, giving later intelligence than Major Surget had when the wrote the communication referred to above, copy of which I sent you. Colonel Vincent's dispatch to me is dated this morning at Dr. Scruggs'. He says the enemy made their appearance last evening at Monett's Ferry, but there were no signs of them this morning. He had sent scouting parties to the front. Dr. Scruggs lives at Cloutierville. He has a plantation 4 miles below there on Cane River. Colonel Vincent will keep me advised of any important movement of the enemy. I inclose you the original dispatch* from Colonel Vincent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- I have just received a communication+ to Brigadier-General Boggs chief of staff, from the major-general commanding, which goes with this.

A. H. M.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA.

Beasley's, March 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just received a letter from the Honorable D. F. Kenner, stating that my communication of the 23rd instant had been con-0

---------------

*See p. 511.

+See following communication.

---------------

