
strued to mean that I did not desire re-enforcements, and therefore Churchill's division had been detained at Shreveport. My language was: "As soon as Green joins me I shall assume the offensive, and hope to be able to do so without the assistance of General Price, as I do not doubt the intention of the enemy to move forward from Arkansas." I can scarcely conceive how this could be interpreted into a declaration that I did not want re-enforcements. At the time I did not know where Price's troops were, or at what time they could reach Shreveport. Very possible movements in Arkansas might have rendered it impossible to send them to me, and I only desired to assure the lieutenant-general commanding that I would do all in my power without Price's troops in case they could not be sent. It is most unfortunate that my desire to relieve the lieutenant-general commanding from embarrassment should involve a delay in sending re-enforcements to this army. Green was to have been at Alexandria on the 17th. On the 28th, his leading regiment has not reached me here. If to obtain re-enforcements it is necessary to set up a clamor and urge the abandonment of all the department for my selfish ends, I cannot do it. I have given the lieutenant-general commanding the most hearty and cordial support in all cases. I have never uttered a complaint. I have been willing to shoulder all responsibility for the good of the cause, and feel deeply grieved that so little anxiety should be manifested to strengthen my forces. When Green joins me, I repeat, I shall fight a battle for Louisiana, be the forces of enemy what they may.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 29, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR:

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say, in acknowledging the receipt of your communication of the 28th, that Price's division arrived at this point on the 24th instant. It numbers 4,000 bayonets. The ammunition is in bad order, much of it unserviceable. It has been compelled to wait for good ammunition. Meanwhile it is being reorganized into two divisions. The developments of three or four days will decide the lieutenant-general commanding whether this force will be pushed straight to you or moved to meet Steele, who is reported advancing upon Washington, Ark., with 10,000 men and twenty-four pieces of artillery. Should he move rapidly, so as to come soon within reach, it may be best to fight him first above, which will make a larger force disposable to be sent you if we are successful. Should you fall back beyond Natchitoches, the lieutenant-general commanding desires that you examine the country in the vicinity of Spanish Lake with reference to its susceptibility of defense. A position there would secure water transportation as far as Blair's Landing. He directs that as many supplies as possible he accumulated at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

33 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT I

