
have forwarded you the dispatches from General Magruder announcing the march of the different regiments. You will demand a strict explanation of the delay, which seems to have been unnecessary. Every exertion has been made at department headquarters to push that command rapidly to your support. I inclose you copies of my dispatches to General Magruder.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 31, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 28th instant. I do not regard myself responsible for any interpretation that may have been given to my letter of 23rd instant. It certainly was not justified by anything said or felt by myself. I had at that very time sent to you the Northern estimate of the force in your front, which I believed merited some credence or I would not have forwarded it. While I know you do not call for re-enforcements unless compelled by necessity, that you appreciate the inadequate means at my disposal, and have always given me a hearty and cordial support, I object to the tone of your letter, which is an unjust complaint, funded on a private letter of a civilian. Mr. Kenner was given access to our letter of the 23rd instant to relieve his anxiety in regard to your position below, certainly not expecting that he would write anything to impair or interrupt the harmony and good understanding that has always hitherto characterized our official relations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Numbers 2510.] HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, April 1, 1864

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 30th ultimo. The arrival of the Texas troops in an unarmed condition should be examined into and reported fully upon. General Magruder telegraphs that he issued arms to them before they marched. The delay of the arrival of the Texas cavalry is both vexations and annoying. Due allowance, however, must be made for the great distance to be marched over. The concentration of Price's infantry with you on the 28th ultimo could not have been effected. It was only on the 30th the ammunition for that command arrived. It is no organized and prepared to move in any direction that circumstances may demand. General Steele, re-enforced by the Fort Smith command, marches with probably 14,000 or 15,000 effective men. I have had no definite reports since the arrival of General Steele on the 28th ultimo. His preparations indicate the determination to press rapidly on. Further developments of the enemy's

